In my research, there are 2 ways to do this
Method 1
Hack 10_linux script in /etc/grub.d/ and insert generation codes for text booting menuentry
Advantages:
Generates text booting menuentry for all installed kernel versions
Takes care of new or redundant menuentries when you install/purge kernels
Downsides:
Requires deep understanding of shell scripting
The script source file may vary from one grub version to another
Edits need to be redone if grub package updates overwrite the modified script
Method 2
Use designated script for adding custom grub menuentry in /etc/grub.d
Advantages:
Easiest and least complicated
No chance of being overwritten so you do it only once
Downsides:
Only if you want each of your installed kernel versions to have text booting menuentry: A Lot of works and harder to maintain Leaving behind redundant menuentries when you purge old kernel versions
In this short step, I'm going with method #2 since it's the easiest to explain here and we'll be creating text booting menuentry only for the latest kernel image that you use.
This weekend, Nation of Islam anachronism Louis Farrakhan did his thing “for more than three hours” in Chicago, blaming America for 9/11 and warning that assassins are out to get President Obama. It didn't take long for Sean Hannity to play Six Degrees of Jeremiah Wright with the story, noting that Wright had been photographed with Farrakhan and Sacha Baron Cohen spirit animal Muammar Gaddafi, and had also been photographed with First Lady Michelle Obama. What say you, Herman Cain?
RELATED: Louis Farrakhan Warns Racism Could Result In Assassination: ‘They Want A Muslim To Kill President Obama'
Cain did not believe that Hannity was wrong in connecting the dots from Farrakhan to the White House, and had no surprise about what Farrakhan was up to. “If Farrakhan cannot divide people with accusations… then he has no message and no platform.” He also rebuked Farrakhan's claim that the disrespect against President Obama was greater than for any President before him, referring the audience to the Media Research Center for every epithet hurled at Bush during the first decade of this century.
The conversation returned again to the 9/11 accusations, and Hannity made the point that the sort of exoneration of Osama Bin Laden Farrakhan promoted was, in fact, being promoted, something that didn't seem to phase Cain given free speech. Sure, Farrakhan can say the CIA attacked the World Trade Center, he joked, “and I'm Santa Claus! I can say anything!”
The segment via Fox News below:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Since the publication of the first complete bacterial genome, sequencing of the microbial world has accelerated beyond expectations. The inventory of bacterial and archaeal isolates with complete or draft sequences is approaching the two thousand mark2. Most of these genome sequences are the product of studies in which one or a few isolates were targeted because of an interest in a specific characteristic of the organism. Although large-scale multi-isolate genome sequencing studies have been performed, they have tended to be focused on particular habitats or on the relatives of specific organisms. This overall lack of broad phylogenetic considerations in the selection of microbial genomes for sequencing, combined with a cultivation bottleneck6, has led to a strongly biased representation of recognized microbial phylogenetic diversity3,4,5. Although some projects have attempted to correct this (for example, see ref. 5), they have all been small in scope. To evaluate the potential benefits of a more systematic effort, we embarked on a pilot project to sequence approximately 100 genomes selected solely for their phylogenetic novelty: the ‘Genomic Encyclopedia of Bacteria and Archaea' (GEBA).
Organisms were selected on the basis of their position in a phylogenetic tree of small subunit (SSU) ribosomal RNA, the best sampled gene from across the tree of life7. Working from the root to the tips of the tree, we identified the most divergent lineages that lacked representatives with sequenced genomes (completed or in progress)8 and for which a species has been formally described9 and a type strain designated and deposited in a publicly accessible culture collection10. From hundreds of candidates, 200 type strains were selected both to obtain broad coverage across Bacteria and Archaea and to perform in-depth sampling of a single phylum. The Gram-positive bacterial phylum Actinobacteria was chosen for the latter purpose because of the availability of many phylogenetically and phenotypically diverse cultured strains, and because it had the lowest percentage of sequenced isolates of any phylum (1% versus an average of 2.3%)11. Of the 200 targeted isolates, 159 were designated as ‘high' priority primarily on the basis of phylum-level novelty and the ability to obtain microgram quantities of high quality DNA. The genomes of these 159 are being sequenced, assembled, annotated (including recommended metadata12) and finished, and relevant data are being released through a dedicated Integrated Microbial Genomes database portal13 and deposited into GenBank. Currently, data from 106 genomes (62 of which are finished) are available.
To assess the ramifications of this tree-based selection of organisms, we focused our analyses on the first 56 genomes for which the shotgun phase of sequencing was completed. The 53 bacteria and 3 archaea (Supplementary Table 1) represent both a broad sampling of bacterial diversity and a deeper sampling of the phylum Actinobacteria (26 GEBA genomes). An initial question we addressed was whether selection on the basis of phylogenetic novelty of SSU rRNA genes reliably identifies genomes that are phylogenetically novel on the basis of other criteria. This question arises because it is known that single genes, even SSU rRNA genes, do not perfectly predict genome-wide phylogenetic patterns14,15. To investigate this, we created a ‘genome tree' (ref. 16) of completed bacterial genomes (Fig. 1) and then measured the relative contribution of the GEBA project using the phylogenetic diversity metric17. We found that the 53 GEBA bacteria accounted for 2.8–4.4 times more phylogenetic diversity than randomly sampled subsets of 53 non-GEBA bacterial genomes. A similar degree of improvement in phylogenetic diversity was seen for the more intensively sampled actinobacteria (Table 1). These analyses indicate that although SSU rRNA genes are not a perfect indicator of organismal evolution, their phylogenetic relationships are a sound predictor of phylogenetic novelty within the universal gene core present in bacterial genomes.
Figure 1: Maximum-likelihood phylogenetic tree of the bacterial domain based on a concatenated alignment of 31 broadly conserved protein-coding genes16. Phyla are distinguished by colour of the branch and GEBA genomes are indicated in red in the outer circle of species names. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Table 1: Effect of SSU rRNA tree-based selection of organisms on comparative genomic metrics Full size table
The discovery and characterization of new gene families and their associated novel functions provide one incentive for sequencing additional genomes, analysis of which has helped to redefine the protein family universe18. We explored the quantitative effect of tree-based genome selection on the pace of discovery of novel proteins and functions. Specifically, we compared the rate of discovery of novel protein families when progressively adding more closely related genomes versus when adding more distantly related ones (Fig. 2). Granted, many factors contribute to protein family diversity, such as ecological niche; nevertheless, higher rates of novel protein family discovery were found in the more phylogenetically diverse taxa (Fig. 2). In addition, of the 16,797 families identified in the 56 GEBA genomes, 1,768 showed no significant sequence similarity to any proteins, indicating the presence of novel functional diversity. These results highlight the utility of tree-based genome selection as a means to maximize the identification of novel protein families and argues against lateral gene transfer significantly redistributing genetic novelty between distantly related lineages.
Figure 2: Rate of discovery of protein families as a function of phylogenetic breadth of genomes. For each of four groupings (species, different strains of Streptococcus agalactiae; family, Enterobacteriaceae; phylum, Actinobacteria; domain, GEBA bacteria), all proteins from that group were compared to each other to identify protein families. Then the total number of protein families was calculated as genomes were progressively sampled from the group (starting with one genome until all were sampled). This was done multiple times for each of the four groups using random starting seeds; the average and standard deviation were then plotted. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Novel proteins also can serve to link distantly related homologues whose relatedness would otherwise go undetected. Forty-six such links were identified in the 56 GEBA genomes compared to an average of only three new links in equivalent sets of randomly sampled non-GEBA genomes (Table 1). A useful complement to homology-based predictions of gene function are ‘non-homology methods' (ref. 19) such as gene context-based inference that relies on the conserved clustering of functionally related genes across multiple genomes, often in operons or as gene fusions20. We identified over 70,000 genes in new chromosomal cassettes of two or more genes in the GEBA genomes. This represents a three- to sixfold increase over equivalent sets of non-GEBA genomes (Table 1). Similarly, the number of new gene fusions identified in the GEBA genomes is 4 to ∼13 times greater than in randomly selected genome sets (Table 1). Because the GEBA data set produced a several-fold improvement over random sets for all metrics examined (Table 1), we predict that other aspects of sequence-based biological discovery will similarly benefit from tree-based genome sequencing.
The GEBA genomes also show significant phylogenetic expansions within known protein families. For example, although only two of the 56 GEBA organisms are known cellulose degraders, we identified in the set of genomes a variety of glycoside hydrolase (GH) genes that may participate in the breakdown of cellulose and hemicelluloses. Among these are 28 and 7 phylogenetically divergent members of the endoglucanase- and processive exoglucanase-containing GH6 and GH48 families, respectively. Halorhabdus utahensis, a halophilic archaeon known to have β-xylanase and β-xylosidase activities21, has a chromosomal cluster including two GH10 family β-xylanases and six novel GH5 family proteins of unknown specificity.
The enrichment of genetic diversity is also seen within families of non-coding RNAs, transposable elements, and other cellular components. For example, the genome of the marine myxobacterium Haliangium ochraceum contains 807 CRISPR (clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats) units including the largest single CRISPR array known, comprising 382 spacer/repeat units. CRISPR is a newly recognized, but ancient and widespread, system in bacteria and archaea that confers resistance to viruses and other invading foreign DNAs22.
Results from the GEBA pilot project challenge our current understanding for the taxonomic distribution of known gene families. The most striking example of which is the discovery of an actin homologue in H. ochraceum. Actin and its close relatives are structural components of the eukaryotic cytoskeleton that are found in every eukaryote and only in eukaryotes. Bacteria and archaea encode instead the shape-determining protein MreB. Although MreBs have some functional and structural similarities to eukaryotic actins, they are regarded, at best, distantly related homologues23 and possibly not even homologous. Like other bacteria, H. ochraceum encodes a bona fide MreB protein, but in addition, it encodes a protein that is clearly a member of the actin family, which we have named BARP (bacterial actin-related protein; Fig. 3). Although we do not yet have evidence for its precise function, BARP is expressed in H. ochraceum (Fig. 3b). Assuming that the H. ochraceum mreB orthologue performs the same function as in other bacteria, and given that the myxobacteria, to which this species belongs, are known to synthesize actin-targeting toxins24, we propose that this BARP may be a dominant-negative inhibitor of eukaryotic actin polymerization. Regardless of its precise function, this first—and so far only—discovery of an expressed homologue of eukaryotic actin in a member of the Bacteria highlights the potential for novel and surprising biological discoveries given a wider genomic sampling of the tree of life.
Figure 3: A bacterial homologue of actin. a, Genomic context of the bacterial actin-related protein (BARP) gene within the genome of the marine Deltaproteobacterium H. ochraceum. Red, gene encoding BARP; white, genes encoding hypothetical proteins; black, genes with functional annotations. b, RT–PCR demonstration of expression of the gene encoding BARP in H. ochraceum. c, Ribbon plot of the putative structure of BARP. d, Alignment of BARP with actin from Dictyostelium discoideum29 with similarities in black shaded text. Secondary structure elements (arrows, beta-strands; bars, alpha-helices) are colour-coded as in c. A phylogenetic tree including this protein is in Supplementary Figure 1. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
We conclude that targeting microorganisms for genome sequencing solely on the basis of phylogenetic considerations offers significant far-reaching benefits in diverse areas. Furthermore, the benefits of phylogenetically driven genome sequencing show no sign of saturating with these first 56 genomes. A key question then lies in determining how much bacterial and archaeal diversity remains to be sampled. Using SSU rRNA gene sequences as a proxy for organismal diversity (Fig. 4), we estimate that sequencing the genomes of only 1,520 phylogenetically selected isolates could encompass half of the phylogenetic diversity represented by known cultured bacteria and archaea. Given the continuing reductions in both the cost and difficulty in sequencing genomes25, this is certainly a tractable target in the next few years.
Figure 4: Phylogenetic diversity of bacteria and archaea on the basis of SSU rRNA genes. Using a phylogenetic tree of unique SSU rRNA gene sequences7, phylogenetic diversity was measured for four subsets of this tree: organisms with sequenced genomes pre-GEBA (blue), the GEBA organisms (red), all cultured organisms (dark grey), and all available SSU rRNA genes (light grey). For each subtree, taxa were sorted by their contribution to the subtree phylogenetic diversity30 and the cumulative phylogenetic diversity was plotted from maximal (left) to the least (right). The inset magnifies the first 1,500 organisms. Comparison of the plots shows the phylogenetic ‘dark matter' left to be sampled. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
However, the great majority of recognized bacterial and archaeal diversity is not represented by pure cultures and an additional 9,218 genome sequences from currently uncultured species would be required to capture 50% of this recognized diversity (Fig. 4). Such an undertaking will require new approaches to culturing or processing of multi-species samples using methods such as metagenomics26 or physical isolation of cells from mixed populations followed by whole genome amplification methods27. Obtaining reference genomes for the uncultured microbial majority will be a natural extension of the GEBA project, the ultimate goal of which is to provide a phylogenetically balanced genomic representation of the microbial tree of life. The pilot study presented here is a dedicated first step in this direction.
By
Nu flyttar Tillsammanscaféet in på Kulturpunkten igen!
Under hösten är du välkommen att träffa nya och gamla vänner, hjälpa och få hjälp med läxor, lära dig nya saker och bygga sammanhållning i Gottsunda. Den 18 september blir det klädbyte på caféet! Det innebär att du kan ta med gamla kläder som du inte använder längre och byta mot andras kläder. På så sätt spar vi på miljön och får nya kläder helt gratis. Även om du inte har några kläder att lämna in är du välkommen att ta kläder ändå.
Tider för klädbyte
13.00-14.30 Inlämning och byte
14.30-15.30 Freeshop (även de som inte lämnat in får ta kläder)
Program sep-okt
18/9 – Klädbyte
25/9 – Uppstart av språkbyte och läxhjälp
2/10 – Språkbyte och läxhjälp
9/10 – 14-16.00. Föreläsning med Joakim Medin start 14.30 i Hörsalen
16/10 – Föreläsning med Alex från Tillsammansskapet i Hörsalen
23/10 – Quizz med FN-tema
30/10 – Språkbyte och läxhjälp
Vi kör även igång med läxhjälpen igen efter sommaruppehållet. Den här terminen krävs det ingen anmälan innan utan du som vill få hjälp eller hjälpa andra med läxor, skriva CV, söka jobb, kontakta myndigheter osv, sätter dig helt enkelt vid läxhjälpsbordet.
Som vanligt finns det en barnhörna och sällskapsspel. Tillsammanscaféet är gratis, öppet för alla och vi bjuder på fika. Hör av dig till oss om du har några frågor eller om du vill hjälpa till på caféet, vi behöver alltid fler människor som engagerar sig.
Varmt välkommen!
Tillsammans för Uppsala
BEIRUT (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded in Homs on Tuesday morning, Syrian state television said, two days after the city went back under full government control for the first time since 2011.
Men put off a fire after an explosion in the al-Zahraa neighbourhood of Homs city in this handout picture provided by SANA on May 23, 2017, Syria. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
Authorities destroyed another vehicle rigged with explosives near a Shi'ite Muslim shrine south of Damascus, the broadcaster and other state media reported.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for both attacks via its online media outlet Amaq.
Syrian state television, quoting the head of the Homs health authority, said the blast killed four people and injured 32 in the al-Zahraa neighborhood, which lies around 160 km (100 miles) north of the capital.
Homs governor Talal al-Barazi told Syrian state news the attack came in response to recent gains that Syrian government forces had made in Homs.
On Sunday, hundreds of Syrian rebels and their families left Homs's last opposition-held district, al-Waer, which has been under siege by the army and allied forces for more than a year.
The evacuation completed a deal that brought Homs back under the control of President Bashar al-Assad's government for the first time since the start of the conflict.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based war monitoring group, said the explosion in the al-Zahraa neighborhood killed five people.
Pictures broadcast on state television showed a burned vehicle chassis in a blast site in a street, with damage to buildings and surrounding cars.
The second blast occurred near the Sayeda Zeinab shrine, close to a checkpoint on the Damascus airport road, where Syrian authorities intercepted the car and blew it up. State media said the vehicle contained two people when it was destroyed.
RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Rio de Janeiro's air is dirtier and deadlier than portrayed by authorities and the Olympics' promised legacy of cleaner winds has not remotely been met, an analysis of government data and Reuters' own testing found.
A machine tests for PM 2.5 levels in front of 2016 Rio Olympic Village in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, June 17, 2016. Picture taken June 17, 2016. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Brazil declared in its official bid for the Olympic Games, which open on Friday, that Rio's air quality was “within the limits recommended by the World Health Organization.”
That was not true when Rio won the right to host the Games in 2009 and it is not true now.
SOME OF OUR FAVORITE STORIES:
After criticism, powerful Koch brothers won't budge
Podcast: Inside the cord-cutting movement
Wider Image: A death in Manila
Rio for years has surpassed WHO limits for the most dangerous air pollutant - called particulate matter (PM) - spewed from millions of vehicles clogging the city's roads.
Thousands die annually in Rio's metropolitan area of 12 million people because of complications related to the air. People exposed to the pollution have higher risks of lung cancer, heart attacks, strokes, asthma and other diseases.
“This is definitely not ‘Olympic air',” said Paulo Saldiva, a University of São Paulo pathologist and member of the WHO committee that set tougher global pollution standards in 2006.
“A lot of attention has been paid to Rio's water pollution, but far more people die because of air pollution than the water,” he said. “You are not obligated to drink water from Guanabara Bay but you must breathe Rio's air.”
Rio's contaminated Olympic waterways have drawn attention as the city suffers endemic levels of gastrointestinal diseases from a lack of sewage collection. Reuters recently reported that Rio's Olympic water venues and favorite beaches also tested positive for drug-resistant “super bacteria.”
But there has been no talk of Rio's air pollution, three-quarters of which is caused by exhaust fumes from the 2.7 million vehicles on its roads, according to Rio state's environmental protection agency, Inea.
Its data shows that since 2008, Rio's air has consistently been two to three times above WHO's annual limit for PM 10 - so called because the particulate matter has a diameter of 10 microns or fewer, seven times smaller than that of a human hair.
That means Rio has the dirtiest air of any Olympic host city since scientists began consistently tracking PM 10 in the late 1980s, with the exception of Beijing in 2008.
Tania Braga, head of sustainability and legacy for the Rio Olympics organizing committee, said, “When you talk about air quality, it cannot be judged on PM data alone, and Rio's other pollutants like nitrogen dioxide and sulfur dioxide are comfortably within WHO's limits.”
Though accurate, Saldiva said “the health damages associated with PM pollution are the most severe of all pollutants” and, because of that, Rio's air is of poor quality.
The WHO says on its website that “PM affects more people than any other pollutant,” that outdoor pollution caused 3.7 million premature deaths worldwide in 2012 and that those deaths were due to exposure to PM 10.
The U.N. body did not respond to requests for comment on Rio's air quality.
Using the WHO's methodology on estimating mortality, Saldiva calculates some 5,400 people died in Rio because of air pollution in 2014, the most recent year that data is available.
By comparison, Rio's infamous murder levels resulted in 3,117 deaths last year.
From 2010 to 2014, metropolitan Rio had an annual average PM 10 reading of 52 per cubic meter of air, according to Inea statistics. The WHO's limit for the annual average is 20.
Jamie Mullins, a professor of resource economics at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, estimates that for every 10 units above the WHO limit on PM 10 levels, track athletes across all events see their performances diminished by 0.2 percent.
Mullins based that calculation on an examination of nearly 656,000 results from U.S. track athletes over eight years, and the air pollution during each.
‘SAD REALITY'
During the Beijing Olympics, the PM 10 level was 82 – well above Rio's. When London held its Games in 2012, the PM 10 level was 23, government data showed.
The PM level was 44 during the 2004 Olympics in Athens, 24 in Sydney in 2000 and 28 in Atlanta in 1996, said Staci Simonich, a professor at Oregon State University who published a 2009 study on pollution at the Beijing Games.
“Rio's numbers are all too common for the developing world. That is the sad reality,” said Simonich.
Air quality varies depending on weather - rains temporarily clean PM from the air. But Rio is in its dry season and pollution is at its peak.
Inea denied Reuters' requests to see monthly data on PM levels for 2015 and this year.
Some experts even question the reliability of Inea's data - noting that three-quarters of its 64 automatic monitoring stations are run by private companies that pollute, as a condition for them winning environmental licenses.
“The local agency should be fully and independently managing the stations,” said James Lents, an air pollution expert who designed southern California's anti-smog effort.
Inea did not respond to requests for comment on the private stations.
Saldiva and his top researcher Mariana Veras teamed with Reuters to analyze Inea's data and carry out independent testing on PM 2.5 - fine particles that pose the most serious health risks.
Inea's data shows that since 2011, Rio's PM 2.5 levels surpassed WHO's annual limits 83 percent of the time.
Reuters conducted 22 separate hour-long tests for PM 2.5 levels: in front of the Olympic Park and the Olympic Village, next to the beach volleyball arena on Copacabana beach and just outside the Olympic stadium where track athletes will compete.
There are no standards for one-hour tests for PM 2.5 – instead the WHO sets a 24-hour average level of 25 and an annual average of 10. But Saldiva and other experts said the results show athletes, fans and Rio residents are exposed to high levels of PM 2.5.
The highest readings were at the Olympic stadium – with a peak of 65 PM 2.5 during a June 30 test taken mid-morning, the same time of day athletes will compete.
The Copacabana site had a 57 reading the same day, while the Olympic Village where athletes will sleep hit a maximum of 32.
Rio's mayor, Eduardo Paes, has been praised by experts for creating Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) routes and extending a subway line, but Rio's fleet of vehicles still grows by 100,000 a year.
The mayor's office told Reuters improvements in public transport would significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Slideshow (5 Images)
It said the BRTs had already resulted in 750 smaller-capacity buses being removed from roads.
But Saldiva said mass transport must be vastly expanded to significantly impact pollution levels, given the number of cars and trucks on Rio's roads.
“The idea of an Olympic legacy in terms of diminishing air pollution is Utopian. It is unimaginable that a few BRT routes will substantially change the quality of the air,” he said. “For the Brazilians remaining in Rio after the Olympics have come and gone, there is no clean air legacy.”
POLICE are appealing for public help to find a northern Tasmanian man who has been missing for more than a week.
media_camera Michael Hamlyn, also known to some as Miguel Williams, was last seen on Sunday, July 10. Picture: Supplied by Tasmania Police
Launceston Police today said 20-year-old Michael Hamlyn — also known to some as Miguel Williams — was last seen on Sunday, July 10.
He was reported missing when he failed to show up for work the following day.
Michael left his Mowbray home on a black 2007 Suzuki motorcycle, registration number A 38 4U.
Sergeant Scott Mackenzie said it was possible Michael could be in Tasmania or Victoria.
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is urged to contact Launceston Police on 6777 3945 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Each day this week, a staff member of The Dissolve will pick a 2013 movie they liked more than the critical community at large. Today, Scott Tobias recommends The Counselor, Ridley Scott's movie, based on a Cormac McCarthy screenplay, about a lawyer who gets into the drug trade. The Counselor received a 35 percent on Rotten Tomatoes and a 48 on Metacritic.
Matt Singer: Scott, back in October you wrote The Dissolve's review of The Counselor and you gave it 3.5 stars. How would you rate the movie now? Has your opinion of it changed in any way?
Scott Tobias: Not at all, though it's been fascinating to watch the film get kicked around by other critics, some of whom have either referred to it as the worst film ever (per Andrew O'Hehir in Salon) or a brilliant, unconventional explication of Cormac McCarthy's pet themes. I still fall solidly in the latter camp, though I correctly predicted that audiences would revolt, given the film's perverse refusal to satisfy the genre conventions it's deconstructing. I joked at the time that Cameron Diaz humping a car may have been the only thing rescuing The Counselor from the dreaded “F” Cinemascore rating. (It got a “D,” instead.)
Matt: What in particular, besides Cameron Diaz humping a car, did you like about it?
Scott: As I wrote in the review, Ridley Scott brings plenty of style to the film—and two or three beautifully staged action setpieces—but The Counselor is very much Un Film de Cormac McCarthy, using the basic architecture of a drug thriller to bring us into an almost abstract moral hinterland where the spoils go to those with the most violent and predatory instincts. This is the world of No Country For Old Men, too, but the plot has been stripped away and most of the expected payoffs, too. Where the film works primarily for me is in the dialogue, which is wonderfully ornate and sinister; this is the type of film where instead of an execution, you get a kingpin speaking eloquently for 15 minutes about why someone is completely doomed. That's not something you're used to seeing out of Hollywood.
Matt: How have you felt in general about Ridley Scott's recent work, and where you would rank The Counselor among it?
Scott: I think it's his best film since Matchstick Men, which was a decade ago. Ridley Scott is a curious case: A director whose first few efforts (The Duellists, Alien, Blade Runner) suggested an absolute master of science-fiction/fantasy, but who's proven to be both more fallible (Legend followed that run) and more diverse in his interests. If you're looking for a common thread connecting some of his recent work—the wispy Provence of A Good Year, a grittier take on the Robin Hood story, an Alien follow-up in Prometheus that's as convoluted as the earlier film was simple and chilling—you'll have to ask someone smarter than me. I hate to take too much credit for The Counselor's success away from Scott, but McCarthy has one of those rare voices that dominate from the page, and I think Scott's role here was to frame the story as the stylish drug thriller that Trojan-horses all the other stuff.
Matt: So this whole Cameron Diaz car thing. Was it really as crazy as advertised?
Scott: Indeed. Maybe the year's second-greatest display of flexibility, after the Jean-Claude Van Damme commercial. But really, that character is conceived in such a way that the car thing seems entirely plausible. It's the type of role you can imagine Ellen Barkin playing back in the day: Vulgar, hyper-aggressive, committed to her own gratification. Though she plays the wife of a drug dealer (played by Javier Bardem), Diaz is the true alpha dog in that relationship, always eager to go on the hunt and prey on the weak. (Actually opening with them sipping martinis while their pet cheetah goes after jackrabbits puts an awfully fine point on it.) But that's a big theme of the film: McCarthy wants to emphasize the existence of evil in the world and the power wielded by people, like Diaz, who have big appetites and no moral limits.
Matt: Were you surprised by the movie's reception? It got some pretty negative reviews.
Scott: Not at all. It was one of those movies where you could feel the storm clouds gathering well before it screened for anyone, which was very close to its release date. The combination of Scott, that cast, and an original McCarthy script would have drummed up a lot more anticipation under normal circumstances, but this one was DOA.
Proponents and detractors alike will probably agree that this a strange, misbehaving movie, and if you're not on its wavelength, it's a torment. (Just the fact that Michael Fassbender's unnamed, eponymous hero is such a deliberate blank immediately puts a hole in the center of the movie.) But as I wrote in my piece on the Cinemascore F-estival, estranging qualities are still qualities, and films that draw a “worst ever” response from people are almost always more fascinating than bad films of a more middling sort.
Matt: Between this and Keith and Genevieve's respective defenses of The Lone Ranger and Turbo, I'm starting to see a pattern emerge (boom): You've all described your choices as “strange” or “weird,” and praised them for breaking free of standard Hollywood formulas. But isn't that what most people claim they want from movies? Why don't they embrace these adventurous films when they get them? Are audiences more conservative than they want to admit?
Scott: I'm not sure who “people” might be in this instance. Critics certainly do a lot of complaining about Hollywood formula and I'd like to think the general public wants to see something different, too, but these formulas exist for a reason. The more conservative movies get in terms of what they deliver, the more they set expectations for all movies to behave in a similar way. Would a movie like The Counselor have been rejected as thoroughly in the freewheeling 1970s as was in 2013? I don't think so. But movies are so expensive and the stakes are so high that there's no incentive for painting outside the lines. What The Counselor does that's so clever is that it takes the form of a star-packed thriller and then subverts the hell of it.
Matt: All right, let's wrap things up with the flip side of this conversation. The Counselor was a movie you liked more than a lot of other critics. Is there a 2013 movie other critics liked that you weren't crazy about?
Scott: A few, but they were more a matter of degrees than me flat-out defying consensus. I listed some of these in our Conversation on the year's disappointments, but reviews for Blue Jasmine struck me as too generous, as many reviews for better-than-average late-period Woody Allen movies tend to be. I loved a couple of the performances, namely Cate Blanchett's and Bobby Cannavale's, but Allen has trouble imagining how people live outside the cloistered world of Manhattan's elite. American Hustle had the misfortune to win the New York Film Critics Circle award, thus exalting what's really a minor, cartoon-y pleasure that brings David O. Russell's brand of neurotic screwball to a new genre, but it's otherwise completely disposable.
The biggest heartbreaker for me, in every sense of the word, was Nicole Holofcener's Enough Said, a comic drama that's soulful and extraordinarily well-observed and acted at times, but is sabotaged by contrived plotting. There are others too, but on balance, I wound up liking a lot of films this year. Most fall prestige seasons, in particular, trot out plenty of white elephants, and though I haven't seen August: Osage County or The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty—two of the more cooly received items—I found that many of the hotly anticipated films delivered. And I'm grateful to oddballs like The Counselor for bringing some unexpected life to the party.
The Counselor will be available on DVD and Blu-ray on February 11, 2014. Here's its trailer:
TAMPA, Fla. -- Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick will not play Sunday against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers because of a hamstring injury, an NFL source familiar with the situation told ESPN.com on Saturday.
Michael Vick leads all NFL quarterbacks with 307 rushing yards this season. Hunter Martin/Philadelphia Eagles/Getty Images
Nick Foles, who turned up on the injury report late in the week with a groin issue, is on track to make his first start of the season. Rookie Matt Barkley, inactive for the first five games, is expected to dress and back up Foles.
Vick took limited part in practices during the week before being a full participant Friday, and the Eagles listed him as questionable on the official injury report.
That optimistic designation could have been used for two reasons -- to keep the Buccaneers guessing as long as possible or just in case Vick felt dramatically improved on game day. Listing Vick as doubtful might have drawn attention from the league office if the veteran quarterback had played.
All along, coach Chip Kelly has said he would not put Vick "in harm's way."
While Vick was moving and throwing the ball fluidly in practices Wednesday and Thursday, the hamstring would really be tested if he had to move suddenly to avoid an opposing defender. It was just such a situation, a play on which New York Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul chased Vick last Sunday, that prompted Kelly to remove him from last Sunday's game.
It would not look good for Kelly or Vick if the oft-injured quarterback were to play at less than 100 percent and aggravate the hamstring or sustain another, more serious injury. Vick played in just 23 of a possible 32 games in 2011 and 2012.
As recently as Thursday, Vick sounded as if the injury was improving. But he also indicated he felt sure he would be ready to go by next week's home game against the NFC East rival Dallas Cowboys.
In an unusual controversy, the sponsor of a bill that would change the name of Louisiana's lone residential high school said Tuesday morning he plans to revamp the legislation ahead of a crucial vote.
The proposal, Senate Bill 1, would change the name of the Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts in Natchitoches to the Jimmy D. Long Sr. Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts.
Long, a former state lawmaker who died last year, played a major role in launching the school in 1982 and was a friend of Sen. Francis Thompson, D-Delhi and sponsor of the bill.
But the push has sparked an uproar among school officials and many of LSMSA's roughly 5,000 graduates.
They say that, while Long deserves a place of honor on campus, naming the school after him would cripple the program, which they say enjoys a growing reputation for serving gifted and high-achieving students.
The bill won Senate approval 31-2 on May 17 after a plea from state Sen. Gerald Long, R-Winnfield and the younger brother of the late Jimmy Long Sr.
However, the measure faces an uncertain future in the House.
The issue is set for a hearing in the House Education Committee on May 31, eight days before adjournment.
Panel members are the targets of an intense campaign by opponents of the measure, a push that has astounded even veteran lawmakers.
In an interview, Thompson said he plans to offer an amendment to his bill aimed at addressing concerns that the new name would trigger heavy costs for stationary, logos and other expenses.
Instead, the bill would make clear that, while Jimmy Long's name would be added, on a day-to-day basis it would remain the Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts, or the often used Louisiana School.
No costly changes on signs, uniforms and other items would be needed, Thompson said.
"We are giving Jimmy Long honor by showing, as the father of the school, that the name is Jimmy Long," he said. "But it would still be the Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts."
One of the leaders of the campaign to defeat the bill said Tuesday Thompson's amendment would not solve the dispute.
Jamie Smith, president of the alumni association, said naming the school's new dormitory after Long makes more sense. "Then truly we can honor the man for years to come," Smith said.
"We think what we are offering honors the man tenfold over that," he said, a reference to Thompson's latest proposal.
Smith said what Thompson envisions would amount to a plaque and little more.
The school has about 350 students.
Last year the school's board of directors endorsed putting Long's name on the dormitory, shortly before Thompson filed his bill.
The issue has sparked passion on both sides.
A few weeks ago Senate members traveled to Natchitoches for the funeral of Sen. Gerald Long's wife.
What the bill would cost is in dispute.
The school has said it would total $188,585, including signs, rings, license plates redesign and copyrighting.
The Legislative Fiscal Office said there would be no additional expenses immediately and that any needed changes could be handled by the school's operating budget.
Seven games into the 2017-18 season, the Vancouver Canucks are third in the Pacific Division. They are right where we expected them to be: somewhere near/in a playoff spot, but probably not good enough to stay there in the end, as predicted by Sportsbooks like Heritage Sports.
One thing we might not have seen coming, however, is the team's incredible power-play struggles. The Canucks added talented goal scorer Brock Boeser late last season and signed Sam Gagner and Thomas Vanek in the summer. Both Gagner and Vanek are known to be reliable playmakers from the slot in a 1-3-1 power-play formation.
Yet, the Canucks currently rank 27th in the league with a power-play percentage of 10.8, despite having the sixth-most man advantages in the league. Worse yet, they consistently struggle to create shots:
To top it all off, the Canucks struggle to create shots that go through to the net. Many of the few shots they take are blocked, as they come from low-danger positions and are easy to anticipate.
There are reasons for all of this, and thankfully, there are ways to fix it as well.
Regroup struggles
The Canucks' power play has several issues, but the most urgent to fix might be slightly unexpected. As Arik Parnass showed in his Special Teams Project, even the NHL's best power-play teams spend roughly 50 percent of their time regrouping. With that, a strong breakout strategy is essential to a unit's success.
This is where things start to go wrong for Vancouver.
The Canucks have two main breakout strategies, none of which have been overly effective.
First is a triple swing with a high left winger. Two players swing low and move right out to each wing. Another swings slightly higher and moves up the right wing. The remaining player stays high at the opposing blue line the entire time (out of frame in the clip below). The puck-carrying defender then has the option to pass to the outside or try to enter the offensive zone himself.
This first play exposes a primary major weakness of the Canucks' man advantage. With four players rushing up the boards and nobody in the middle, there is no-one who could force the defending team to make a decision and open up space. Instead, the first backchecker can easily steer the puck-carrier in one direction, allowing the rest of the penalty-killers to lock down that wing. As you can see in the sequence above, Ben Hutton has absolutely no options when he gets the puck on the right wing.
In a slight variation of this play, one player swings back low behind the net to get open for a drop pass. However, following the drop pass, the puck-carrier will once again run into trouble. With four teammates along the boards and nobody working to split the defence or create space otherwise, the Canucks frequently fail with this play as well.
Now, there have obviously been instances where the triple swing worked out, and the Canucks managed to enter the zone with speed. But, this neither happens very frequently nor does it allow the unit to get set up in formation very well.
The second frequently-used play is a double swing, where two players swing back low and cross behind the puck-carrier to get open for a drop pass. While this creates room for the recipient of the drop pass, it also gives the PK unit plenty of time to adjust. The goal here is to generate speed with the puck and either rush into the offensive zone or play a late pass, but the puck carrier has to cross the entire neutral zone before reaching the offensive blue line – which gives the defence more than enough time.
Creating space
So, what can be done to improve this situation?
There is obviously no one play that will work for every team and work every time. But the one thing every power play should always focus on is to make the penalty-killing unit move. Penalty killers know their responsibilities both on the backcheck and in the defensive zone, so forcing them to leave their assigned position and adjust to offensive players' movement is key.
In the clip above, the New Jersey Devils show one excellent way to do it. They have two players swing back to support the puck-carrier, and these two are essentially his only options. However, the other two who are waiting high at the blue line have an essential role as well: they create space. Just before Nico Hischier receives the puck on the left wing, the two high forwards start moving to the right, forcing coverage on themselves to create room for Hischier.
There are many ways to regroup on the power play, and the Canucks' main plays aren't entirely bad. But by placing all four passing options high against the boards, they are quite easy to defend. If you take another look at the Canucks' successful-entry clip above, there is one big difference to the other two: Instead of rushing up the boards, Bo Horvat pulls into the middle and cuts through the defence with speed.
Vancouver tries this on occasion, but it's not nearly enough. The Canucks should try to focus on making the penalty killers' jobs more difficult, by bringing more movement and speed into their breakout and entry attempts.
On to the next issue.
Getting into formation
The Canucks might not have much star power anymore, nor do they have outstanding depth on their roster. What they do have, however, is a number of players that can be considered power-play specialists.
Henrik and Daniel Sedin are ageing and clearly regressing. But they are still excellent passers, especially in the cycle game with the added room of a power play. Vanek, Gagner and Boeser were all expected to improve last season's group. Add to that a semi-skilled defenceman (any Canuck not named Erik Gudbranson, really), and you should have a lethal first PP unit.
Now here is the problem: The Canucks are using their players in odd positions and relying on quick shots from far out, preventing them from getting into formation. In the clip below, you can see Sam Gagner recording two shot attempts.
Three things stand out here and can frequently be observed on the Canucks' power play.
One, instead of playing his usual position in the slot, Gagner is positioned on the right wing. Horvat is the man in the slot, and Sven Baertschi is positioned on the left wing. Second, although forwards are usually more effective on their off-side when on the man advantage, as this brings their sticks closer to the net and improves the shot angle while allowing easier one-timers, both Gagner and Baertschi are positioned on their strong side. Finally, Gagner gets his shots off as soon as he gets the puck, giving his team no time to get into formation.
A similar approach can be observed from the blue line as well. The Canucks again don't put much effort in to pull defenders out of position. Instead, they try to get shots at the net from the wings or the blue line, with one or two forwards skating into the middle for screens and deflections.
The general approach isn't entirely wrong. As Parnass outlined in a Hockey-Graphs article trying to quantify power-play performance, roughly 70 percent of power-play goals are scored from the home plate area, and about 20 percent are scored on screened shots. Royal road one-timers a la Alex Ovechkin or Patrik Laine only account for about 15 percent of five-on-four goals.
So, in a way, the numbers actually support the Canucks' plans. Get pucks to the outside, move in toward the net and shoot, or shoot from the blue line and screen the goalie.
The problem here is again that Vancouver just can't pull defenders out of position. Everything they do, whether in formation or not, is extremely rushed. In the clip above, Del Zotto gets the puck at the blue line and has five skaters lined up in front of him, with both Baertschi and Gagner open as passing options. Yet, he fires a shot at the net that brings little to no danger to the goaltender.
Even when they do string some passes together, there is no movement at all. The players don't move, and their passing plays are not enough to force defenders out of position or to force the goaltender to slide back and forth across the crease.
Fixing the offensive-zone play
Again, there is one distinct approach to fixing these issues. Instead of firing random shots from left, right, and centre, Vancouver should focus on forcing the defence to make decisions and get drawn out of position.
Here's another look at the New Jersey Devils, who used player movement and a royal road pass to score on the man advantage against the Washington Capitals.
In the clip above, Jimmy Hayes wins a battle at the left boards and moves the puck back to the blue line. He then moves in front of the net; Drew Stafford, who was the previous net-front man, pulls out to the right half-boards. Taylor Hall, previously on the right side, skates around to the left face-off circle and moves in toward the net.
This three-player rotation forces the Capitals to adjust their coverage, which they fail to do. As a result, Hall is wide-open in a high-danger scoring zone and can finish for an easy goal.
Outlook
With an offensive group that includes the Sedins, Gagner, Vanek and Boeser, the Canucks' power play can't possibly stay as bad as it is. It won't magically improve, but some video coaching and practice sessions should go a long way here.
We should also consider that chemistry is an important factor in power-play situations. If you take the five best five-on-four players in the league and let them play without any instructions or practice time, they likely won't go out and score as much as you'd expect them to. So while adding Gagner, Vanek and Boeser should definitely help, it takes some time for them to get used to each other and adjust to their new surroundings and strategies.
The clip above shows Boeser skating down the right boards with the puck, looking for an open passing lane. He doesn't find it, continues skating, and eventually bumps into Daniel Sedin. This has nothing to do with a lack of skill or bad coaching; the players just need to get used to each other.
There are several issues with the Canucks' power play, but it should without a doubt improve over time.
Volume Up is a regular column on consumer technology and digital ecosystems by Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin.
In the high-stakes smartphone market, exceptional durability is one of the key requirements for success.
It's important for the lofty goal of customer satisfaction and for the bottom line of avoiding returns and in-warranty repairs. And if you aspire to make “the best” as Apple does, it's inherent in your brand promise. How often have we heard its executives over the years rebuke and disavow “junk?”
Achieving durability and resilience to damage is particularly challenging for a smartphone — a portable device that consumers use constantly throughout the day is often crammed into pockets, dropped onto floors, left on hot dashboards and subject to other extremes of duress. But the recent controversy regarding the vulnerability of the new iPhones to bending revisits the question of what is abuse and what can customers do to lessen their chances of damage regardless of liability if they're still concerned.
For their part, top-tier manufacturers subject their devices to tolerance tests for many kinds of adverse connections. As Apple recently showed journalists, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were subject to more testing than any previous model. That would make sense given the dramatic screen size and girth changes that characterized the new models. But despite its extensive efforts, there are often conditions in the real world that cannot be anticipated or adequately simulated prior to launch.
With volumes in the millions — sometimes tens of millions in the case of leaders such as Apple and Samsung — there are invariably consumers who have problems with their phones and those who damage their phones. Apple has had to endure the bent sticks and stones of parodists ranging from YouTube amateurs to late-night talk show hosts. Like drops and spills, this is part of the abuse that comes with the abuse of being a top-tier phone manufacturer.
However, Apple is simply looking at the number of cases that are being reported. And if you've shelled out for a new iPhone that's impersonating Gumby, you're pretty likely to report it. The bottom line is, if it's a widespread problem, it probably represents some kind of defect. But if it's been a handful of folks as the company claims, that likely indicates some kind of exceptional case.
Warranty provider SquareTrade has already confirmed that it is receiving far more reports of other kinds of damage to the new iPhone than the kind of bending that has become notorious because of the power of social media. That's also after SquareTrade reported right after launch that the iPhone 6 was actually fairly durable. Consumer Reports also issued its own report on the bending issue, claiming it's not that widespread after all.
The main caveat is time, which will reveal if the iPhone bending issue is systemic and comes with repeated exposure to pressure and if Apple needs to make some kind of gesture as it did with the iPhone 4's antenna. In that case, Apple would take responsibility, but consumers can still take action. Consumers should be able to trust their phones to withstand a moderate level of hardship as part of this daily use. Those who think they might exceed it have access to a range of options — from protective cases to insurance plans — to help protect their investments.
Such options shouldn't be necessary to avoid damage. However, they are used by millions on phones that haven't had the kind of bad publicity of the new iPhones and are relatively small investments compared to the prices of the phones themselves. No doubt enterprising accessory makers will seek to create products that reinforce what some fear could be a vulnerable area.
Ross Rubin is a principal analyst at Reticle Research and founder and editor of the crowdfunding product site Backerjack. He also blogs about the tech industry at Techspressive.
We've been privy to Sean Couturier's defensive ability for some time now, and after two wins against the Pittsburgh Penguins this weekend in which Couturier was matched up against Sidney Crosby, the broadcast booths of the nationally televised games were heaping on the praise as well.
For all of the great work that Couturier does, however, his jack-of-all-trades winger is always right there with him, also excelling.
From the day Matt Read signed with the Flyers as an undrafted free-agent out of Bemidji State University it was apparent that he was a good player. He had 13 points in 11 games with the Phantoms to end the 2010-11 season. Most Flyers fans were excited about him finding a place with the big club.
Since that time, Read has fit like a glove, and the fit only gets better when paired with Sean Couturier. There is only one real weakness of Read's and that's his lack of size. However, his speed, positioning, and hockey IQ rarely make that a problem for him.
In Saturday's 4-0 shutout of the Penguins, Couturier played just under 20 minutes while matched up against the best player in the world; including over five minutes while shorthanded. Crosby, the aforementioned best player in the world, finished the game with zero points and only three shots.
In that same game Matt Read, while playing right alongside Couturier, played over 18 minutes and nearly three and a half while down a man. He also had himself a shorthanded goal and four shots of his own.
If you're a fan of analytics it gets a little more impressive.
Couturier's zone starts (the ratio of starts in the offensive zone at even strength) were only 37.5 percent, indicating he was frequently being asked to defend Crosby in the defensive zone; a tough task. Despite that, Couturier generated 66.7 percent of the shot attempts while he was on the ice. In case math isn't your forte, that means he was generating quite a few more attempts for himself and his line than he was allowing Crosby and his.
Read had identical zone starts to Couturier, 37.5 percent, and yet he generated 72.2 percent of the shot attempts while he was on the ice. An improvement even over Couturier.
In Sunday's 4-3 win, Couturier played nearly 20 minutes again, and nearly six and a half while shorthanded. He also had two assists, one while shorthanded. Crosby finished this game with zero points and three shots.
Read played over 15 minutes including nearly five minutes of time on the penalty kill and over a minute on the power play as well. Read had two goals, one while shorthanded, and six shots.
Couturier's zone starts in this game were even more difficult at 25 percent. Yet, he still came out on the better side of the shot attempt battle generating 54.5 percent of them while matched up mostly against Crosby.
Read's zone starts were at 30 percent and he generated 54.5 percent of the shot attempts while on the ice.
On the weekend Couturier's collective zone starts were at 30 percent and the shot attempt totals came to 61.2 percent in his favor. Read's collective zone starts were 33.3 percent while generating 62.5 percent of all shot attempts. All of this while both players matched up against the best player in the world as often as possible.
For all of the praise that Couturier is rightfully getting, Matt Read deserves some as well.
There is seemingly nothing that Matt Read can't do.
There is seemingly nothing that Matt Read can't do. On the season he's playing nearly 19 minutes a night. He plays the fifth most shorthanded minutes per game in the entire league (the Flyers have three of the top five). He also sees 1:46 of power play time a game as well.
Read currently sits at 19 goals and 15 assists for 34 points in 60 games. He's pacing for a 23 goal, 42 point seasons which would fall just shy of his career high set in his rookie season. While the offensive production has remained the same, his role has most certainly not. It has only gotten more and more difficult as Read has proven to be the yang to Couturier's ying.
Read (and Couturier) are in rare company with respect to their defensive role. There are only fifteen forwards that see zone starts and competition as skewed as he does (less than 45 percent zone starts and greater than 29 percent Opponent Rating which measures the quality of the competition a player faces).
Among those players, Read has the sixth best rating with respect to shot attempt differential. And this isn't just a case of Couturier being the exceptional player and bringing Read along for the ride.
When Couturier is apart from Matt Read on the season his shot attempt differential is 46.2 percent. Matt Read is 47.4 percent when without Couturier. Together they climb to 48.9 percent. They make each other better.
Among forwards he's third on the team in average time-on-ice. He's third on the team in average shorthanded time-on-ice. He's seventh on the team in average power play time-on-ice (and remember the Flyers play a forward on the point of the first unit). He's third on the team in goals and he's sixth in points. But really...what can't Matt Read do? I'm still waiting.
In a forward group that generally lacks speed, and moreso with Couturier at center, he is a breath of fresh air. On a team that has more centers than it knows what to do with, Read can play either wing ... and oh, and he can play center in a pinch too. He also has an underrated shot, as evidenced this past weekend, that he isn't afraid to use.
He can move up and down the lineup effortlessly. He would surely not be out of place on the top-line, but he's found his place alongside Couturier forming one of the most impressive shutdown lines in the league. At only $3.625 million for the next four seasons, Read should prove to be a steal.
Sean Couturier is absolutely deserving of praise for his continued growth as a defensive stalwart. As a center, his defensive responsibilities are substantially great; but Matt Read is no schlep himself.
If you haven't seen it yet, Rep Michele Bachmann questioned Tim Geithner and Ben Bernanke on 03/25/09 and took a position rarely seen in Washington DC.Â In short, her position is that which is enshrined in the 10th Amendment – “Where in the Constitution are the Treasury and the Fed given such powers?”
Bachmann: What provision in the Constitution could you point to, to give authority for the actions that have been taken by Treasury since March of 08?
Geithner:Â Oh, uh, the Congress legislated in the emergency economic stabilization act a range of very important new authorities..
Bachmann:Â Sir, in the Constitution.Â What in the Constitution could you point to, to give authority to the treasury for the extraordinary actions that have been taken.
Geithner:Â Every action that the treasury and the fed and the FDIC is….been using authority granted by this body…by the Congress.
Bachmann:Â And in the Constitution, what could you point to?
Geithner:Â Under the laws of the land, of course.
Bachmann:Â And if I could move to the federal reserve chair, if you could point to what provision in the Constitution that would give authority to the federal reserve – this has been over 10 trillion dollars that we're talking about.
Bernanke:Â I don't know where 10 trillion dollars comes from.Â The congress has the right to authorize funds, which is what they did in the TARP program, and they have given us in the 1930s…they gave the federal reserve the power for emergency lending as a means of addressing financial crises which is what we've done.
Bachmann:Â And to the federal reserve chair – Do you believe there are any limits on the authority that the Federal Reserve has taken since last March…of 08?
Bernanke:Â The loans we make have to be fully secured and collateralized.Â We have practical limits in terms of our ability to manage monetary policies.Â So there are obviously limits. We have reported extensively to the Congress on all the actions we have taken, and the actions we've taken have been solely and entirely for the purpose of protecting the American economy from the effects of financial collapse.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas - An airman shot his commander in an apparent murder-suicide Friday at a U.S. Air Force base in San Antonio, a senior U.S. official said.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the shooting at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland.
Two handguns were found near the bodies of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Schroeder and Technical Sergeant Steven Douglas Bellino, which were inside a building that's used for classrooms and offices, according to Brig. Gen. Robert LaBrutta, who oversees Joint Base San Antonio.
He stressed that the shooting was not an act of terrorism, and declined to identify the two, saying their families must be notified first. The Air Force's Office of Special Investigations is leading the investigation, and the FBI is assisting.
“I just get a text message from her saying active shooter,” said Takari Johnson.
Johnson and his family live on Lackland Air Force Base and his wife is an airman.
“I panicked. I tried calling her and couldn't get a hold of her. I tried texting her, couldn't get a hold of her,” said Johnson.
Lt. Col. Bobby Ford said officials began tactically entering the facility and searching for any active shooter based on the active shooter call.
"Within 8 minutes, they located two potential victims on the first floor," Ford said.
Authorities put the Air Force Base and nearby schools on lock down.
“It was terrifying,” said Rachel Rodriguez.
Rodriguez was visiting her son's school Friday morning.
“The intercom just came on and said, 'lock down, lock down,' so all the teachers and the vice principals in there just and got all the students and told the parents to get up against the walls, away from the doors and windows.”
The fatal shooting of the two is the latest to occur at a military facility in Texas in the last several years.
In January 2015, an Army veteran and former clerk at the veterans' clinic at Fort Bliss in El Paso shot and killed a psychologist, then killed himself. About a year earlier, three soldiers were killed and 16 wounded in an attack at Fort Hood near Killeen by Army Spc. Ivan A. Lopez, who also killed himself.
And in the deadliest attack to occur at a U.S. military installation, 13 people were killed and 31 were wounded in a mass shooting in 2009 at Fort Hood. Nidal Hasan, a former U.S. Army major, was convicted and sentenced to death in that shooting.
Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland is the home of Air Force basic training. The Army's Fort Sam Houston and Air Force's Lackland and Randolph bases were combined during base realignment several years ago to become the military's largest joint base.
“As you all can very well understand our hearts and prayers go out to the families who are going to be affected by this tragedy,” said Brigadier General Robert Labrutta “The care of those families is really the foremost in our minds right now.”
Copyright 2016 by KPRC Click2Houston. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After swinging through the national finals for adidas, Nike and Under Armour during the first two days of the July live recruiting period, here are some thoughts on Zion Williamson, Marvin Bagley, Anfernee Simons and other prospects.
Let's begin with Williamson. The 6-foot-7 man child, who just turned 17, missed almost the entire spring period with a knee injury but has come back with a vengeance here in July. He has put up big numbers and put an an indention on the internet with this particular block on Thursday night.
Having come into the scouting profession the year after Lebron James, I can't think of a more physically dominant and aggressive competitor than Williamson. He plays with an angry edge to his game that is frankly scary at times.
To my knowledge, I'm the only one in the industry who ranks him No. 1 and here is why. Along with what is written above, he is is highly skilled with great instincts that give him the ability to impact the game anywhere on the court. Yes, Marvin Bagley has a similar skill set with better height, but the brutish explosive athleticism and versatile playmaking ability give Williamson the edge in my opinion at this point.
Williamson's recruitment appears wide-open as indicated by his Crystal Ball. Clemson, Duke, Kentucky and North Carolina are represented, but Kansas and South Carolina are strong players as well.
Now to Bagley, the No. 1 ranked prospect in the 247Sports Composite. A lefty like Williamson but at 6-10, Bagley has put up impressive double-double numbers throughout the spring and summer on the Nike circuit. He has more of a finesse game, but has made impressive strides in being a more engaged, aggressive and dominant player.
The jury is still out, and it is a shame that he and Williamson haven't been able to go head to head.
An interesting note in Bagley's recruitment is some intel that has come to 247Sports of the possibility of him reclassifying up to the 2017 class. Bagley is scheduled to visit Duke and Coach K and staff have been doggedly tracking him. But the buzz is that hometown USC could be his desired destination as a potential 2017 recruit. Andy Enfield has been a familiar face at his games, but so have John Calipari and Sean Miller. In the end, though, Bagley's recruitment has the feel of a Duke and USC showdown.
Currently Duke, Kentucky and USC have picks in his Crystal Ball.
Don't forget the name Anfernee Simons. The ultra-athletic 6-foot-4 combo guard is a natural playmaker. He has tremendously quick feet with an effortless handle and superb body control. Every time I watch the Louisville commit play, I can't help but think of Markelle Fultz at the same stage.
Speaking of lead guards, there are a plethora of standouts lined up behind Simons, or as others would argue along with Simons. Darius Garland, Immanuel Quickly, Tre Jones, Jahvon Quinerly, Quentin Grimes, Ja'Vonte Smart and Brandon Williams are all ranked as 247Sports Composite five-stars. Devon Dotson falls right outside the five-star range but is a Top247 five-star.
I don't expect these guys to have the same elite impact as the 2016 crop of point guards, but that is a lot of talent represented at that position in 2018.
6-5 wing Aaron Henry of Indianapolis, Indiana, caught my eye on Wednesday night at the Under Armour event, and he picked up an offer from Nebraska with his play.
Back to the thought of explosive athletes. Five-star power forwards Simisola Shittu and Emmitt Williams are making their mark. Arizona offered Shitu after watching him at the Peach Jam.
Five players have been designated for assignment in the last 3 days. All five times my initial reaction was that the Royals would be a better team if they claimed each particular player. It is a sad state of affairs at the major league level for the Royals these days. Even Sidney Ponson throwing 6 shutout innings can't stop the season from drowning in the sewer. As of today, only the Nationals and Padres are keeping the Royals from being the worst team in all baseball and I'm not so sure KC would win a series against the Padres if they played this week. With that rosy backdrop in place, here is a breakdown of the 5 DFA'd players and my brief thoughts on each.
On Friday the Colorado Rockies designated RHP-Ryan Speier for assignment on his 30th birthday. Happy birthday to you Mr. Speier. In 99.1 ML innings pitched over 4 seasons, the 6'7″ pitcher has accumulated a 3.99 ERA, 1.470 WHIP, and ERA+ of 117. With 42 BB and 58 SO in his ML career, control is an issue, but with the state of the Royals bullpen, taking a flier on him would be an excellent decision. In 2009 Speier has thrown just 5.2 IP before being DFA'd. He had spent most of the season on the DL with an injured left hamstring. Speier was once a top relief prospect in the Rockies organization prior to having major shoulder surgery which caused him to miss the entire 2006 season. His minor league numbers support his once lofty status. In 352.1 innings pitched in the minors he has a 3.35 ERA, 1.300 WHIP, and 2.62 K/BB. His 2009 ERA+ of 95, in an admittedly small sample size, would rank 4th in the Royals bullpen behind Soria (264), Mahay (104), and Farnsworth (101). He isn't arbitration eligible until the 2011 season, so he could be an affordable, solid, and semi-long term option for the team. The potential snag with Speier is that he has value to other teams as well and since NL teams have first shot to claim him off of waivers it seems doubtful the Royals will have a chance at him. If they get the chance, Dayton Moore should definitely put in a claim. Since Horacio Ramirez was claimed by the Nationals after the Royals cut ties with him, I would be stunned if Speier goes unclaimed through all the NL teams.
RHP-Chad Paronto, who will turn 34 this week, was designated for assignment by the Houston Astros yesterday. In 7 seasons and 179.0 ML innings pitched he has accumulated a 4.27 ERA, 1.441 WHIP, and ERA+ of 102. Over 14 seasons in the minors and 866.2 IP he has a 3.92 ERA and 1.440 WHIP. At Triple-A Round Rock this season, in 32.1 IP, he had a 1.67 ERA and 0.959 WHIP. His 2.1 IP with the Astros did not go well, but there are some ML average innings still left in his arm. Acquiring Paronto would be akin to adding another Jamey Wright to the team, but the Royals will probably have a chance to claim him if they want to. Personally I'd take a pass on him in favor of Speier but he could be a slight upgrade if added to the roster. Still I'd rather see them give a chance to someone else pitching in Omaha who can probably provide equivalent, or better, results.
1B/OF-Mark Kotsay was waived by the Red Sox on Friday. The team had 48 hours to trade or release him and that window has now passed, but I haven't seen any update on his status. Kotsay is now 33 years old with a 98 OPS+ and 0.281/.336/.413 line during 13 seasons in the majors. In 2009 he was hitting 0.257/.291/.324 and had an OPS+ of 58. The Red Sox were paying him $1.5 million and he is a free agent again this offseason. Since 2005 his OBP has ranged from 0.291-0.332 so he would fit in with the Royals in that regard. At this point in his career and at this point in the Royals season, Kotsay just isn't worth taking a chance on.
A far more intriguing option for the Royals is 26 year old OF-Josh Anderson who was designated for assignment by the Detroit Tigers on Friday morning. He was hitting 0.242/.282/.315 with a 56 OPS+ in 165 AB for the year, but it should be noted that he was adjusting to the AL after playing with Houston in 2007 and Atlanta in 2008. In his brief major league career over 368 AB, Anderson is a 0.283/.327/.372 hitter and his 114 and 101 OPS+ the previous 2 seasons show some promise. In 2,967 minor leagues at bats he has hit 0.294/.344/.378 and has 280 SB in 6 seasons down on the farm. The knock on Anderson is that he lacks patience at the plate, but that is a relative assessment. He may lack patience in the eyes of most of the other ML teams, but he'd be a significant offensive upgrade for Kansas City. He can play all 3 OF positions and would give the Royals a basestealing threat with legitimate upside. At worst he'd be a nice upgrade over Mitch Maier and/or Jose Guillen. Anderson isn't arbitration eligible until 2012 and would be under team control through 2014 if everything went well. The Royals should definitely put in a claim on him, and since he was DFA'd by an AL team, the Royals have their chance.
25 year old OF-Wladimir Balentien was designated for assignment by the Seattle Mariners. In 401 AB he has hit 0.209/.260/.359 and has an OPS+ of 65. The biggest knock on Balentien is that he lacks plate discipline, but along with that comes the potential of plus-power at the major league level. In 2,131 AB in the minors, he has hit 0.273/.345/.526 while never hitting fewer than 16 HR in any of his 6 seasons down on the farm. Last season for Triple-A Tacoma, Wladimir hit 18 HR in 233 AB. He's not the greatest defensive player in the world, but he can play all 3 OF positions and isn't a liability with his glove. Balentien isn't arbitration eligible until 2011 and is definitely worth taking a chance on.
Kotsay and Paronto would probably help out this season, but their long term prospects leave a lot to be desired and because of that adding either player just doesn't make sense. On the flip side, Balentien, Anderson, and Speier would all be upgrades for Dayton Moore and the Royals in the immediate and long-term future. Hopefully they have the foresight to claim at least one of them.
If you enjoy reading my work, please take a moment to subscribe to the Kings of Kauffman RSS feed by clicking here
In closing, I wanted to take a moment to mention several new blogs to the FanSided.com Sports Network:
Teddy Never Wins is our new Washington Nationals (MLB) blog
Broad Street Buzz is our new Philadelphia Flyers (NHL) blog
SenShot is our new Ottawa Senators (NHL) blog
We're Bucked is our new Milwaukee Bucks (NBA) blog
AT FIRST it was merely a bad idea. A year ago, when François Hollande promised to tax incomes over €1m ($1.3m) at 75%, even his campaign team was surprised. “Cuba without the sun!” declared a startled Emmanuel Macron, now Mr Hollande's economic adviser in the Elysée. Nowhere else in Europe comes close to such a rate, with even Sweden going up only to 57% (see chart). But politically it did the trick: Mr Hollande declared war on the rich, kept a communist rival at bay—and went on to win the presidency.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Yet the 75% tax has since mutated into self-torture for Mr Hollande. Although it was never likely to affect many, nor raise much revenue, nor even penalise the rich as much as other taxes, it had huge symbolism. Abroad, it labelled the Socialist government as anti-business. At home, it prompted talk of fiscal exile, and even some departures, including of the actor Gérard Depardieu. Then in December France's constitutional council ruled the 75% rate unconstitutional; and in March the highest legal authority said that no individual tax should exceed 66.6%.
Caught between political betrayal and economic folly, Mr Hollande has chosen the second. On March 28th he announced that the 75% tax would still go ahead for incomes over €1m, but it would now be paid by firms rather than their employees. Yet this solution raises more questions than it answers. What about the self-employed, including French lawyers, film and sports stars? They will be let off, said the government, as if their high incomes are somehow more socially acceptable. So will football clubs, declared Noël Le Graët, head of the French Football Federation, claiming he had an official guarantee. Not so, retorted the government, insisting that clubs would indeed have to pay the millionaires' tax on behalf of their players.
This messy compromise will satisfy nobody and be full of loopholes. In an exquisite twist, one of its most vehement critics is now Jean-Luc Mélenchon, the left-wing firebrand whose rise in the 2012 opinion polls prompted Mr Hollande to dream up the tax in the first place. It was an “absurd” tax, he said on French radio. “A tax is not supposed to punish, it is supposed to share; it is not about humiliating those who have money.” It would be hard to put it better.
Bluetooth is the leading and most widespread protocol for short-range communications.It is the backbone of short range connectivity in the vast majority of devices in the market.
If you are having Bluetooth enabled devices then you are vulnerable to BlueBorne attack. This attack spreads through the air and attacks Bluetooth devices. All the Bluetooth devices mobile, desktop, and IoT operating systems, including Android, iOS, Windows, and Linux are vulnerable.
BlueBorne Attack Explained
This attack leads attackers to gain complete control over your device and from your device they can migrate to corporate networks and even to most secured Air-gapped computers.
Also Read Everything you Need to Know About The Evolution of Locky Ransomware
Security Experts from Armis Labs has identified eight vulnerabilities which can be the part of the attack vector and they published a Whitepaper.
1. Linux kernel RCE vulnerability – CVE-2017-1000251
2. Linux Bluetooth stack (BlueZ) information Leak vulnerability – CVE-2017-1000250
3. Android information Leak vulnerability – CVE-2017-0785
4. Android RCE vulnerability #1 – CVE-2017-0781
5. Android RCE vulnerability #2 – CVE-2017-0782
6. The Bluetooth Pineapple in Android – Logical Flaw CVE-2017-0783
7. The Bluetooth Pineapple in Windows – Logical Flaw CVE-2017-8628
8. Apple Low Energy Audio Protocol RCE vulnerability – CVE-2017-14315
The worst part of the attacks is that user not required to set in discoverable mode or to be paired with attackers device and later not required to Authorize the connection.
Linux Take Over
Armis said Previous works focused on finding potential issues in the Bluetooth specification itself, showing the weakness of the encryption key exchange procedures in Bluetooth versions. But these new vulnerabilities are at the execution level, bypassing the various authentication mechanisms, and empowering a total takeover of the target device.
Security patches
Unlike Android and Windows, iOS does not allow silent authentication to take place via “Just Works” – once an attacker attempts authentication through “Just Works”, the user of the targeted device is informed that a device has initiated pairing with it, and only if the user authorizes the pairing the authentication will succeed.
Android Take Over
All Android phones, tablets, and wearables of all versions are affected and no security patches yet released for Android versions.
Windows versions still Windows Vista are affected and for Windows phones, Microsoft released a Security patch today.
Windows MiTM
All the devices with iPhone and iPad devices less than version iOS 9.3.5 are affected and the issue fixed with iOS 10.And AppleTV with version 7.2.2 and lower are affected.
Defences
Disable Bluetooth as soon as you complete the process, turn it on only when it is required.
Now Android users can check their devices and device around them for vulnerability with the app BlueBorne Detector.
Also read A Highly Sophisticated Victim's Activities Monitoring Android Spyware “Notorious Pegasus” Discovered
The gathering storm of a recession for the nation and a depression for tens of millions of our neighbors threatens America with the danger of a lost decade of crushing economic pain. President Obama and Congress can save the nation from this fate by reaching a new agreement to lower the deficit and create jobs by Labor Day.
The president and congressional leaders should bring a new player to sit at this jobs-and-deficit table on behalf of all who love and serve the nation. That player should be one of the most respected nonpartisan leaders of our generation: former Secretary of State and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Colin Powell.
Including Powell in this negotiation would add the powerful moral force of his experience, integrity, stature and good faith when he asks all parties in Washington to come together for our country at a time of devastating economic hardship, dangerous economic crisis and destructive political divisions.
If a jobs-and-deficit deal is finalized by Labor Day:
The outpouring of public support and increase in consumer and business confidence would be instant, dramatic and lasting;
The GDP would rise, employment would grow and the deficit would shrink because of new budget savings and because every 1 percent increase in the GDP lowers the deficit by $3 trillion over 10 years; and
Rating agencies and global investors would enthusiastically return the USA to unquestioned AAA status.
It is not hard to develop a balanced plan that virtually every serious fiscal expert believes is needed. Modest new revenue and modest new entitlement reforms that ask those who have the most to contribute just a little bit, coupled with modest new domestic and defense spending cuts, could surpass the spending targets without imposing more pain on those who suffer.
A short-term jobs boost including one-time jobs-and-housing tax credits and infrastructure spending, along with fiscal soundness, would save the nation from more painful recession and financial crisis.
If the president and congressional leaders seek this clear and achievable goal by Labor Day, they will receive an avalanche of public and business support to get this done. Any partisan or ideologue who prefers business as usual would pay a punishing price.
In my column last week, “Washington vs. America,” I praised advertising executive Roy Spence and his book “It's Not What You Sell, It's What You Stand For,” as well as his view that America needs a unity of national purpose.
America could use some Reagans and Kennedys. We could also use some Don Drapers, from the great TV show “Mad Men”: business leaders who step up for America.
I propose Obama, Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-Ohio), Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) jointly host a patriotic summit of CEOs. The price of admission to this exclusive club of economic patriots would be to announce at this event that they are hiring more American workers.
These CEOs would win the enthusiasm and pride of their employees, the respect and appreciation of their communities and the loyalty and dollars of their customers, who would believe in these companies because these companies believe in them, their families, their future and their country.
Thomas Jefferson and John Adams were called the North and South poles of the birth of our nation. If recent days embody the polar extreme of policy failure and public outrage, the polar opposite of high patriotism, new prosperity and public acclaim is easy to envision and well within reach.
The public will further loathe our leaders if they spend the next four months the way they spent the last four weeks. Everyone knows the issues. Let's save the nation from the punishment of economic crash, the pain of recession without end and the poison of politics as usual. Let's do this deal by Labor Day.
Brent Budowsky
The Hill
Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D-Texas) and former Rep. Bill Alexander (D-Ark.), then chief deputy majority whip of the House. He holds an LL.M. in international financial law from the London School of Economics, and can be read on The Hill's Pundits Blog and reached at brentbbi@webtv.net.
So much for the recovery. This was a defeat to sum up Chelsea's traumatic title defence, a loss that four months ago might have been considered inconceivable but which, these days, bore all the hallmarks of this season's regular failings. Bournemouth arrived here after nine winless games, a side shredded by long-term injuries to key players and a team who had not managed a clean sheet away from home since a trip to Hartlepool of the basement division in August. They departed with their manager, Eddie Howe, celebrating the “best individual result in our history”. The way things have been going this season, even Roman Abramovich up in the west stand should have seen this coming.
There were the usual local complaints over the display of the officials. Some of those pointed out by José Mourinho were valid. Glenn Murray may well have been marginally offside at the far post when Steve Cook clipped the ball back into the six-yard box after Thibaut Courtois had pawed away a late corner, the substitute nodding down and through Gary Cahill on the goalline with his first touch. He had been on the pitch for 99 seconds. Perhaps more doubtful was a call for a penalty after Diego Costa's pull-back struck the sliding Simon Francis's arm in the other penalty area. In another season, the first might have been ruled out and the second awarded, but this campaign is like no other in recent memory.
Chelsea v Bournemouth: Premier League – as it happened Read more
Mourinho's post-match gloom reflected as much, his criticisms of the officials all rather half-hearted given the fact that, when he has lambasted perceived mistakes this term, he has been slapped down with heavy fines, a stadium ban and a threat of another to come. What was arguably more revealing of Chelsea's dismal predicament – they are 14th and only three points above the relegation zone – was the recognition there is no bite to his lineup. No incision across the front line. Branislav Ivanovic, Willian and Pedro all flung tantalising low centres into the penalty area when the hosts finally built up some momentum after the interval but, even with the brooding Costa introduced at the break, the delivery was only greeted with hesitancy.
“All those crosses from the right side, short crosses, we have to touch the ball in front of goal because the goalkeeper would have no chance,” said the manager, his exasperation all too evident. “If you are in the box you have to attack the ball and touch it in. These are big chances. Big chances you have to take. The only time we made contact was with Matic, where it was difficult for him wearing his mask and with the cross really fast. It was difficult for him to react and give direction to the ball.” That effort flew over the bar.
Mourinho was left to bemoan a lack of consistency in individual performances. Eden Hazard was not quite as effervescent as he had been at White Hart Lane. Oscar was anonymous and withdrawn, while Cesc Fàbregas continues to labour. “Today, again, we had a couple from whom you need more and expect more, and they don't give enough,” added the Portuguese. “But there were ‘unlucky details' too. You cannot have bigger details than one penalty that is not given and an offside goal that decides the game.”
José Mourinho starts hoping for Europa League finish after Bournemouth blow Read more
Perhaps, but it still felt a wasteful display rather than one where Chelsea had been cheated of a result. Instead, Bournemouth could bask in their own seismic moment. This victory hauled them out of the bottom three and was remarkable given the crippling injuries which have robbed them of Callum Wilson and Tyrone Mings, Tommy Elphick and Max Gradel. Or, indeed, all the niggling setbacks suffered over the week which meant the 18-man match day squad included every outfield senior player available. “We were magnificent, and we had to be to win here so I'm incredibly proud of the players,” said Howe. “The injuries knocked us for six and meant we lost our balance for a while, but we've found a way to work that can be effective. And if we can come here and win, we can do it anywhere.”
That might be pushing it given that four teams have now won at Stamford Bridge but, for Bournemouth, it ended an occasion that potentially eclipsed the FA Cup win against Manchester United in 1984, or the win against Grimsby in 2009 that staved off the threat of relegation from the Football League. They would have been forgiven a nervy start but, instead, forced the returning Courtois into first-half saves from Josh King and Junior Stanislas.
They had to be cannier after the interval when Chelsea were far more aggressive, with Mourinho infuriated by their eagerness to break up play, before a substitute reduced to a bit-part role sprang from the bench to claim the contest. The hosts had prayed that would be Costa. Instead it was Murray. “We've never been in the Premier League before, so to come to the champions and win,” added Howe. “It's the best individual result in the club's history.” For Chelsea, it was the stuff of nightmares.
The college basketball season will tip off for the first time in Asia when Georgetown and Oregon meet Nov. 8 at a U.S. Army base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea.
The U.S. Department of Defense and the Army, in conjunction with ESPN, agreed to host the game at Camp Humphreys, an Army base located 45 miles south of Seoul. The last time a regular-season college basketball game was played in Asia was December 1982, when Houston and Virginia squared off in Tokyo.
Numerous teams have participated in foreign tours to Asia, notably China. Georgetown played in Beijing in August 2011 and actually got into a much-publicized brawl with its opponent. The Pac-12 has pushed for an initiative to expand its reach into Asia, with UCLA going on a tour to China last year and Arizona State this summer. There also is a delegation from a Pac-12 coaching clinic with Oregon State coach Craig Robinson headed there, as well.
"The conference is trying to promote the Pac-12 brand in Asia," Oregon coach Dana Altman said. "This will be a unique opportunity for our players and staff."
ESPN and the Department of Defense worked in concert on the 2011 Veterans Day game on the USS Carl Vinson between No. 1 North Carolina and Michigan State, off Coronado Island in the San Diego Harbor. The game on the deck of the ship was attended by President Barack Obama and is looked at as a unique event in the modern college game.
A year ago, ESPN and the DOD decided to create the Armed Forces Classic, a five-year rotation serving all five military branches, the first of which involved the Air Force. Michigan State and UConn played in a C-5 transport plane hangar at Ramstein Air Base in Germany, the first regular-season college basketball game on European soil. The game was well received on the base, with thousands of enlisted men and women and their families getting a taste of American culture brought to them. Visits to injured soldiers and independent contractors from down range, whether in the Middle East, North Africa or Europe, who were in a hospital at Landstuhl, also took place. The Army was next on the rotation with the likely turn going to the Coast Guard, the Marines and then the Navy in Years 3 through 5.
This year's game will be played at the Army's 110,000-square-foot Humphreys Community Fitness Center, which houses three basketball courts, an indoor pool, a track, a racquetball court and other fitness events.
"Camp Humphreys is extremely proud to host this year's Armed Forces Classic," commander Col. Darin S. Conkright said in a statement. "I can't think of a better way to provide the Soldiers and Families stationed here on Freedom's Frontier a taste of home than through a sporting event of this magnitude."
"Players and our staff are excited about playing for the troops and the opportunity to play Georgetown," Altman added. "We will get to spend a couple of days with the troops and that will be enlightening for all of us."
A year ago, condensation disrupted games on ships off the coast of Jacksonville, limiting Florida and Georgetown to playing only a half, canceling one off the coast of Charleston between Ohio State and Marquette and forcing one off the coast of San Diego between Syracuse and San Diego State to be delayed two days. Georgetown and Florida were unable to make up the game last season.
"It will be a privilege to perform in front of the men and women who serve and protect our country," Georgetown coach John Thompson III said. "The game is important but above and beyond the competition, it will be an unparalleled learning experience for everyone in our program."
Georgetown's busy November also includes a trip to the Puerto Rico Tip-Off Classic 10 days later. Oregon won't play for a week afterward, against Utah Valley at home.
The Hoyas should be one of the contenders with Marquette and Creighton for the new Big East title. Georgetown lost top three NBA draft pick Otto Porter, but has everyone else returning from a team that finished 25-7, won a share of the Big East regular-season title and earned a No. 2 seed before being upset by Florida Gulf Coast in the NCAA tournament round of 64. Oregon, which will have a new frontcourt, has its backcourt returning and added UNLV transfer Mike Moser to a team that should contend for a top-four finish in the Pac-12. The Ducks (28-9) won the Pac-12 tournament title, were surprisingly given a No. 12 seed, beat Oklahoma State and Saint Louis before losing to eventual national champ Louisville in the Sweet 16.
The two teams will have plenty of events on the base, interacting with the troops during their stay in South Korea.
Former European parliament president wins all 605 votes at party conference and will run for chancellor in September
Germany's Social Democrats (SPD) have voted overwhelmingly for former European parliament president Martin Schulz to become the party's new head and the main challenger to Angela Merkel in September's general election.
Schulz, 61, who has emerged in recent weeks as Germany's version of the US democrat Bernie Sanders, earning support in particular among young voters who have dubbed him the SPD's “fresh wind”, secured all 605 votes at a special party conference in Berlin on Sunday, a record result beating even Kurt Schumacher, the party's popular postwar leader, who secured 99.71% of the vote in 1948.
Commentators predicted Schulz could become the most popular social democrat since the cold war-era chancellor Willy Brandt.
Schulz, who apart from serving as a provincial mayor for several years has not held a high-profile political post in Germany but instead has made his career in European politics, called the result the “prelude to conquest of the chancellory”.
“This is an overwhelming moment for me and for us all,” Schulz told the meeting. Shortly afterwards the strains of Louis Armstrong's It's a Wonderful World filled the conference hall.
On Sunday, a poll showed a left-leaning alliance led by the SPD would potentially have enough support to oust Merkel from power in crucial parliamentary elections, expected to be held on 24 September.
Merkel's CDU/CSU conservative alliance has 33% support, with the SPD on 32%. If the SPD were to join forces with the far-left Die Linke, which has 8%, and the Greens, also on 8%, it would have enough to form a coalition government.
In a speech to party members, a jubilant Schulz, who wiped away tears, pledged to support the working man and woman, and to ensure social justice for all, from the nursery to retirement.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The outgoing SPD leader, Sigmar Gabriel (left), with Schulz at the party conference. Photograph: Axel Schmidt/Reuters
He sharply attacked the rightwing populist Alternative für Deutschland (AfD), currently on 8% in the polls, compared the far-right protest group Pegida to supporters of Donald Trump, and criticised a conservative re-election pledge to reduce taxes as sending out a wrong signal.
Schulz also repeated his vow to undo some of the radical labour market changes introduced by Gerhard Schröder, the last SPD chancellor, which have been seen as the main reason for the party's chronic poor standing in the polls.
Mega: how German chancellor hopeful Martin Schulz became a meme Read more
The SPD has for years trailed the CDU/CSU, but its support surged in January when Schulz announced his intention to stand for party leader, and Sigmar Gabriel, its leader for the past seven and a half years, agreed to step down. The party's poll ratings have since risen by about 10% and it has enjoyed a significant increase in card-carrying members, after years of losses.
Merkel's conservatives have been in power under her since 2005. The CDU/CSU formed a coalition with the SPD for the first term, then joined up with the pro-business Free Democrats for the second, and in 2013 teamed up once again with the SPD.
Since Schulz arrived on the scene, the SPD is feeling its first chance for years to wrest back power is finally in sight.
Merkel remains the most popular choice for chancellor, however, with 46% of voters saying they would choose her in a direct vote, against 38% for Schulz. But with six months to go, and observers saying voters' weariness towards Merkel could grow in that time, the “Schulz effekt” might yet make its impact felt far more than would have been thought possible even a few weeks ago.
Sanders is seen as something of a role model for Schulz, with young Germans in particular becoming newly politicised following the Brexit vote and Donald Trump's election. Schulz rallies typically attract hundreds of young people, many of whom are keen to take selfies with the former bookshop owner and reformed alcoholic.
Gabriel, who recently became Germany's foreign minister, called Schulz's arrival “the most joyful and optimistic transfer to a new leader that this party has experienced in decades”. He added, for his part, “there is no reason for melancholy”.
Firing Charley Molnar wasn't all about wins and losses, but mostly the “perception of the program,” according to the UMass athletic director.
University of Massachusetts football coach Charley Molnar was fired Thursday by athletic director John McCutcheon.
The Minutemen posted consecutive 1-11 records in two seasons under Molnar in the Football Bowl Subdivision as members of the Mid-American Conference.
McCutcheon said the decision was made over the weekend, but he waited until after Christmas before meeting with Molnar Thursday morning to make the firing official.
Advertisement
Despite the Minutemen's record, McCutcheon said the decision had more to do with the “perception of the program.”
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
In a phone interview, McCutcheon said, “What we want to have is a program that all of our constituency groups — whether it's on-campus, our alumni, our supporters, potential recruits out there, high school coaches, you name it — view us as a program that is energized, that's positive, that's going in the right direction, that cares about the student-athletes.”
McCutcheon said the decision was made in the midst of an investigation of the program that stems back to October, after a video surfaced of football players engaging in one-on-one wrestling and boxing matches during conditioning drills in the winter of 2012. The video prompted former UMass players to petition for Molnar and his coaching staff to stop the practice and concentrate on improving the program, as was first reported by the Daily Hampshire Gazette in late September.
McCutcheon said the review, being conducted by an independent group, is ongoing and the findings will be submitted to UMass Chancellor Kumble Subbaswamy in mid-January.
According to McCutcheon, a number of players were interviewed by the review group after the season. Asked if there was concern over the relationship between Molnar and players, McCutcheon said only that he wasn't involved in the interviews and that the findings are reported directly to the chancellor.
Advertisement
Earlier this month, UMass announced that quarterback Mike Wegzyn and tight end Derek Beck will transfer after being given their releases.
“A situation like that wouldn't be a tipping point one way or the other,” McCutcheon said, “but it is something that we are always concerned with.”
Molnar still has three years and $836,000 remaining on his contract, and McCutcheon said he will be paid through “external support” and not state or university resources.
In a statement, Subbaswamy said he fully supported McCutcheon's decision to dismiss Molnar.
“Our program must foster a positive environment in which our student-athletes thrive both athletically and academically,” said Subbaswamy. “Furthermore, it is critical that in addition to ensuring on-field success, our next coach earns the support of alumni, faculty, students, and fans.”
Advertisement
Attempts to reach Molnar were unsuccessful, but he sent out a tweet at 3:20 p.m. Thursday, saying, “No coach, staff, or team worked harder to build a championship program than we did. Disappointed in the results, but proud of the foundation!”
The search for Molnar's replacement will begin immediately, McCutcheon said, and will be conducted by an advisory committee, with the assistance of CarrSports Consulting.
Earlier this month, the UMass Faculty Senate received a report from the Ad Hoc Committee on FBS Football that cited the high cost of upgrading to the FBS level when the program is not generating the kind of revenue that was projected.
“What becomes clearer each year is that this is a huge financial disaster for the university,'' said Max Page, a co-chairman of the committee and an art and history professor.
McCutcheon, though, said the decision to fire Molnar has no bearing on the team's future in FBS.
“If anything,” he said, “it's a reaffirmation of our commitment to put the program in position to be successful at the FBS level.”
Asked if internal conflict on campus would lead potential candidates to shy away from the job, McCutcheon said, “I think we'll find that out as we talk with candidates. If there's any indication of what my phone's been doing the past hour, no, it hasn't.”
Nottingham Forest are delighted to announce the signing of midfielder Liam Bridcutt for an undisclosed fee.
The 28-year-old joins the club from Leeds United, penning a three-year deal at The City Ground.
Bridcutt began his career in the youth ranks at Chelsea but made his mark at Brighton, helping The Seagulls to promotion from League One in 2011 during a three-and-a-half-year stay.
He moved to Sunderland and then Leeds United at the start of last season, featuring 25 times as captain for The Whites as they finished seventh in the Championship.
Bridcutt, who is cup-tied for the Carabao Cup clash with Newcastle United on Wednesday having featured in the first round for Leeds, will now be part of Mark Warburton's squad for the 2017-18 campaign.
To enquire about sponsoring Liam for the 2017-18 season, please email sponsorship@nottinghamforest.co.uk or call 0115 982 4450.
MANILA - Philippine eSports players are now officially athletes.
The Philippines now considers eSports as legitimate sports, like basketball and boxing, after the Gaming and Amusements Board (GAB), which is under the Office of the President, allowed professional eSports players to secure athletic licenses starting last August.
DotA 2 teams TNC Pro Team and Execration with GAB officials. Photo by Julius Mariano
Atty. Ermar Benitez, GAB's chief legal counsel, told ABS-CBN News that the board started giving recognition to eSports professional gamers as early as July 2017.
It was a much-awaited move from the government that helped Filipino teams like TnC Pro Team and Execration, which play Defense of the Ancients 2 (DotA 2) in the local and international gaming scene, secure US visas so they could compete hitch-free in The International 7 (TI 7). This world championship tournament for DotA 2 had one of the biggest prizes for any gaming competition.
It's been a giant leap from 2016 when both teams were barred from leaving the country on their way to The International 6 (TI 6) competition in Seattle, Washington because they needed P1 visas to enter the United States.
P1 visas are given to entertainers and athletes so they can participate in an event in the US. This prompted the teams to ask the office of Sen. Bam Aquino, an ardent supporter of eSports, for help.
If not for the joint effort, eSports fans would not have witnessed one of the biggest upsets ever in DotA 2 history, when TNC knocked out the powerhouse European team, OG, in The International 6.
eSports is not widely accepted as a sport in the Philippines, which GAB recognizes.
"Out of the millions of enthusiasts, only a handful make it to the big leagues. On a per capita basis, there are less eSports players that make it big than other athletes in other sports. So, for most people, this should remain to be a form of entertainment more than a calling," Benitez said.
Gamers who want to apply for a license need vouching from professional gaming teams. They also need to pay a small fee for the license, and GAB will also look into their track records.
Applicants will also have to undergo a mandatory, on-the-spot drug test.
Since it is a new development for eSports, GAB clarified that the licenses are not limited to DotA 2 and League of Legends (LoL) players. In fact, Heroes of the Storm (HotS) Filipino players, who will compete at the Heroes of the Storm Global Championship, recently received their athletic licenses. Their team is just one of the first to qualify from Southeast Asia.
No clear-cut plan yet for eSports
Recognizing the growing gaming community in the Philippines, Benitez said "there is a need for government guidance to be in place...to balance all these competing rights and interests."
But more than the recognition, GAB, as the agency mandated to regulate and supervise professional sports in the country, will also investigate allegations of wrongdoing and game-fixing in eSports.
"In traditional sports, there can be game-fixing, illegal gambling, or even illegal tournaments where organizers escape regulation and also deprive the government of revenue. This can be present in eSports as well," Benitez added, explaining that this new territory means the agency has a lot of catching up to do to upgrade their competencies in the field of online gaming.
Live-streaming video platform Twitch Philippines' country manager Julius Mariano, one of the proponents of professional eSports licenses, told ABS-CBN News that even eSports is not spared from match-fixing.
He cited an incident in 2014 when Philippine teams MSI and Mineski allegedly rigged their games in exchange for money. Some of their players came forward to confess to the rigging and the players were slapped with suspensions.
The agency has yet to come up with a clear-cut plan on monitoring online games, but Benitez said that GAB will add more people with relevant expertise to enhance their capabilities.
For now, the agency acknowledges the support they get from stakeholders and associations for ease in doing business.
"We value their inputs not only on background checks but also, and more importantly, on the systems that we will be putting for supervising and regulating the sport."
Long road to recognition
eSports has long been in existence in the Philippines, but 2016 was a notable year for Philippine eSports after two major DotA 2 events, the ESL One Manila and the Manila Major, were successfully held in the country's capital city.
GAB has acknowledged this explosion of interest in this Southeast Asian country, where slow internet connection is still a problem and can make seamless online gaming difficult to happen.
The GAB's initiative, led by chairman Abraham Mitra and Commissioners Eduard Trinidad and Mar Masaguid, paved the way for the close-knit gaming community to gain recognition.
Benitez added: "The immediate benefit at this point is recognition, not just by the Philippine government but by other governments and the public as well. When players compete abroad, they can proudly say that they are recognized as such by their country."
Sen. Aquino also expressed his gratitude to the GAB.
"Filipino e-gamers have tremendous talent and potential to conquer the global gaming arena," he said in a statement.
"We hope to continue developing the eSports industry in the Philippines and supporting our professional gamers as they represent the Philippines."
RCMP is seeking the public's assistance in identifying a suspect related to a sexual assault in Sherbrooke.
Shortly after 7:00 p.m., on September 2, a man drove up to a rural residence in Sherbrooke. A woman was outside and the man approached her. The two were not known to one another. After a brief conversation, the man sexually assaulted her. The man then fled the scene in a vehicle.
The suspect is described as a white male, between 30-35 years-old, average build, approximately 6-feet-tall, with tanned arms, short dark hair above the ears and neatly trimmed dark facial hair.
His has been described as wearing loose fitting dark wash blue jeans, a short-sleeved round neck blue or black t-shirt and a black or blue baseball cap with a white logo on it.
He was also wearing cologne described as sweet pine.
The suspect's vehicle is described as a newer model, two door white cars.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the RCMP at 902-245-2579, or 1-800-803-RCMP (7267). Should callers wish to remain anonymous, they can also call Nova Scotia Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477), text TIP202 + your message to 'CRIMES' (274637) or by secure online tips at www.crimestoppers.ns.ca.
The investigation is being led by the RCMP Major Crimes Unit and is ongoing.
Record: 76-86
This was the third year in a row, and the fifth in the last six, that the Padres lost more than 85 games. Not that I'm blaming him for the club's performance, but it's remarkable that Bud Black doesn't get mentioned as being on the hot seat.
Diagnosis: Phantom Limb Syndrome
Ian P. Kennedy (Christopher Hanewinckel-USA TODAY)
Our bodies can be truly disturbing. If you lose part of one, occasionally, the nerves that used to run to that part of your body will fire and you'll feel pain, pressure, itching, or even just the presence of a limb that was lost long ago. This, thanks to their ballpark, is essentially the Padres' problem. It looks and feels like they have arms that they really don't.
If you looked at the Padres' team ERA, it looks relatively normal. It's below average, but not terribly so. However, Petco Park, which the Padres have called home since 2004, continues to be the most extreme pitcher's park in the majors, making guys like Eric Stults and Jason Marquis look like passable pitchers. For years, the Padres have coasted along with pitchers who were simply "good enough, " supplementing legitimately good starters like Jake Peavy and Mat Latos with the likes of Kevin Correia, Chad Gaudin, Jon Garland, Wade LeBlanc, Tim Stauffer, Aaron Harang, Clayton Richard, and Edinson Volquez (one of the 25 least-effective pitchers to throw 800 or more innings in history). Indeed, according to Fangraphs, the Padres haven't had more than one pitcher worth in excess of three wins above replacement since 2007, when, not coincidentally, they won 89 games in Bud Black's first year at the helm.
To be clear, I'm not saying the Padres are too dumb to understand that the marine layer is effectively masking the fact that their pitching has been little better than that of the Astros over the last couple years. Instead, I think they understood the marine layer would help keep the score down at Petco, foresaw an inability to compete on the open market for premium free agent starters, and were hoping their offense would hit enough to catch up. Moreover, I'm not necessarily critical of the Padres' strategy, as some of the problem could have been mitigated if pitchers like Casey Kelly, Joe Wieland and Cory Luebke (and Dustin Moseley and Tim Stauffer, etc., etc.) had managed to avoid catastrophic arm injuries.
Using glorified filler in the rotation is not a terrible strategy when it's just one or two starters and you're a bad club just looking to get through a season, but when injuries, stalled development, and the rising cost of free agent starters force you to fill out the bulk of your rotation, they're officially a liability.
Key Stat: 102 OPS+ by non-pitchers
The Padres scored just 618 runs in 2013, 12th out of 15 teams, and just 16 runs out of 14th. That doesn't sound all that great until you take into account the Padres' extreme ballpark. While OPS+ is a rough tool that doesn't tell us the whole story of their offensive performance, it does adjust for that context, and tells a vastly different story about the Padres' offensive last year than the conventional stats suggest. The average OPS+ in the National League was 94 in 2013, and the Friars actually finished the year tied for fifth in OPS+ by their non-pitchers.
That's actually pretty impressive for a club that lost first baseman Yonder Alonso to a wrist injury, catcher Yasmani Grandal to a PED suspension and subsequent knee injury, center fielder Cameron Maybin to wrist and knee injuries, and Carlos Quentin to knee surgery, second baseman Jedd Gyorko to a groin strain, and shortstop Everth Cabrera to the Biogenesis scandal. With those players, and Jedd Gyorko, on the field for the majority of 2014, the Padres would actually have a formidable-looking lineup that could make noise in the top-heavy NL West.
Breakout: Will Venable , Everth Cabrera
Did my love letter to Will Venable have anything to do with his tremendous 2013, in which he hit .268/.312/.484? I'd like to think that it did. Venable stayed healthy, started 120 games, uncharacteristically hit lefties well, hit nine more homers than in any previous season, and played solid defense according to most advanced metrics. At 30, this was probably the best he's ever going to be, especially since you can't count on his success against lefties to hold after a career hitting .233/.299/.354 off of them, but the Padres have two more years of control and he should continue to be an immensely valuable player before they trade him or let him walk.
Will Venable (Christopher Hanewinckel-USA TODAY)
Before he got popped in the Bioogenesis scandal, Cabrera was having a great season, holding down the leadoff spot with a .355 on-base percentage, stealing a ton of bases, and providing adequate defense at short. He's never done anything like this before, so what changed for Cabrera? Almost the entire difference is due to him cutting his strikeouts by more than one-third in 2013, and all that extra contact simply resulted in more hits. So long as that he continues to put the ball in play, Cabrera will be one of the few great Rule 5 draft success stories of recent times.
Breakdown: Carlos Quentin
When he was healthy in 2013, Quentin hit the snot out of the ball (.275/.363/.493). But he was only on the field for half the season, marking the third year in a row where he's played fewer games than the year before. At 31, Quentin's ability to stay on the field isn't going to improve going forward. He already has zero mobility in the field and a historic predilection to get hit by pitches (again, probably in part due to his lack of mobility). The Padres still owe him at least $20.5 million over the next two years, but with Maybin on the rebound and Reymond Fuentes ready to graduate from the minors, the Padres would be wise to make Quentin some American League team's problem.
Prescription: Bubble wrap for everybody!
In all honesty, I don't know what we can expect from the Padres in 2014. If their health improves, the offense is strong enough to push this club toward the top of the division and into playoff contention. They could be above-average at six of their eight positions and could also see a major upgrade in the starting rotation if Josh Johnson can start at least 25 games for just the fourth time in nine years. None of that is anything close to a sure thing, however. Johnson and Quentin's problems are chronic, and no one seems to be quite sure when Grandal's knees will be healed enough for him to resume catching.
Despite this uncertainty, if I was approaching Chase Headley's walk year with this roster, I'd push all my chips into the middle of the table rather than deal him for a diminished return.
Reymond Fuentues (Scott Cunningham )
Assuming encasing everyone in bubble wrap when they aren't on the field isn't a realistic option, the next best solution is to build up the club's rotation depth, especially in light of Johnson's injury history. Of course, according to Baseball-Reference, the club will pay players about $10 million more in 2014 than they did last year, which would be the club's highest payroll of all time. As such, San Diego doesn't have anywhere to go at the moment to pursue the likes of Ervin Santana, Ubaldo Jimenez, Matt Garza, or seriously bid on Masahiro Tanaka. Johnson, Ian Kennedy, Andrew Cashner, Tyson Ross, and Cory Luebke with a whole lot of "health permitting" thrown in is a step in the right direction (Matt Wisler, when/as/if he comes, is as yet an unknown quantity), but it doesn't get them all the way there without that kind of high-cost intervention.
With the rise of Reymond Fuentes, the Padres have an in-house candidate for left field whose power won't be sapped by the marine layer, whose defense will save them several runs, and who they can presumably count on to be on the field. In Joaquin Benoit, the Padres have a candidate on hand to supplant Huston Street on the back end. Quentin and Street would both be interesting targets for the Mariners or Orioles given the seemingly high cost of acquiring Nelson Cruz in terms of money and draft picks and the lack of quality closers on the market. Both would come considerably cheaper, and with less of a commitment of years than anyone of their caliber on the market at the moment.
The Orioles have already burned bridges with Grant Balfour and are seemingly desperate to upgrade the back end of their pen, and would love a DH to slot in behind Chris Davis. Meanwhile, the Mariners fetishize corner OF/1B/DH bats, seem to think they need a replacement for Kendrys Morales, and would prefer not to go into 2014 with Danny Farquhar closing.
No doubt top young pitchers like Kevin Gausman and Taijuan Walker would be off the table for Quentin and Street, but a guy who strikes out a lot of batters and gets a ton of fly balls like Bud Norris? Or James Paxton and one of Brad Miller, Nick Franklin, or Dustin Ackley? Those seem like reasonable, and cheaper, returns for players who will have more value to other organizations and it would potentially free up money to pursue more pitching on the open market. That way, the Padres can have some real, working arms in the organization again, and not rely on their ballpark to make Eric Stults look like a real major league starter.
More from SB Nation MLB:
• A-Rod suspended 162 games | Neyer: Yankees have one option
• MLPBA considering legal action over "60 Minutes" report
• David Roth: Three things about baseball and sanctimony
• Ballpark Rankings: Where do home runs look the best?
• Death of a Ballplayer: Wrongly convicted prospect spends 27 years in prison
EFF and over a dozen other organizations are urging U.S. lawmakers to oppose a dangerous bill proposed by Sens. Sheldon Whitehouse and Lindsey Graham that would make the already-flawed Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) worse. The joint letter sent Wednesday explains that the legislation fails to address any of the CFAA's problems while simply creating more confusion. Although the proposal is ostensibly directed at stopping botnets, it includes various provisions that go far beyond protecting against such attacks.
The senators proposed an almost identical bill last year. And just like last year, they may try to sneak their proposal through as an amendment to the Email Privacy Act. Last year, the tried this tactic with the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, but they ultimately failed due to widespread opposition.
Since the death of activist and Internet pioneer Aaron Swartz three and a half years ago, people from across the political spectrum have urged Congress to reform the CFAA. It's an outdated and draconian law, with harsh penalties for “crimes” that result in little or no economic harm. And the Justice Department has interpreted the statute's vague language to criminalize violations of terms of use—an interpretation that turns virtually every Internet user into a criminal.
Sens. Whitehouse and Graham's proposal will take things in the wrong direction. The CFAA should be reigned in, not expanded, to make sure it is used for the purpose originally intended by Congress: to target malicious criminals who break into computer systems and cause real harm and economic damage.
That's why we joined our friends in asking the Senate to oppose the Whitehouse/Graham proposal—whether as a standalone bill or as an amendment to the Email Privacy Act.
You can read the full text of the letter below (footnotes omitted) or access a PDF of the original letter here.
The first thing to know about John McCain's five best-selling books is that, at a minimum, at least four of them were expressly political campaign acts. Faith of My Fathers, his Vietnam memoir, was timed perfectly in the fall of 1999 to coincide with his first run for president. As the Arizona Republic reported in May 1999, "Campaign aides believe McCain's book tour, and his frequent televised appearances about the war in Yugoslavia and other issues, means they won't have to spend as much money as some candidates on paid political advertisements. Why pay for publicity, McCain aides reason, if you can get it for free?"
His 2002 political memoir, Worth the Fighting For, would have been the perfect vehicle for launching a Bull Moose-style third-party or independent phase of his career, but September 11 intervened just before his deadline, so he had to settle for burnishing his reputation as the Republican that independents and Democrats love most. Last year's book, Hard Call, was a profile in Courage-style collection designed explicitly to link McCain in voters' minds with various historical heroes (Winston Churchill, Abraham Lincoln, etc.) who had the guts to make risky or unpopular decisions when they knew it to be in their nation's best interests.
But if you really want to understand McCain's selection of little-known Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as the first female vice presidential nominee in GOP history, the most instructive literary act to consult is his little-discussed October 2005 tome, Character Is Destiny: Inspiring Stories Every Young Person Should Know and Every Adult Should Remember.
What was John McCain doing in the fall of 2005? Preparing the political ground for his final shot at the White House. What did this task require? Two things: That he attempt to position himself long ahead of time as the established front-runner and successor to George W. Bush, and that in order to do so he repairs relations with the same religious right he so intemperately accused of being "agents of intolerance" back in February 2000.
The latter effort involved the types of showy reconciliations the combustible McCain has long been known for, especially with alleged agent of intolerance Jerry Falwell himself (who extracted a promise from McCain in November 2005 that should some judge force one state to recognize gay marriage from another state, he would support a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage...even though in July 2004 McCain had called such an amendment "antithetical in every way to the core philosophy of Republicans").
Character Is Destiny was the book-length version of McCain's suck-up to conservative Christians, and like many of the senator's more contortionate displays of pandering, it was just awkward as hell. "God has given us...life, shown us how to use it, but left it to us to dispose of as we choose," he and co-author Mark Salter write in the first paragraph of the book's introduction. From there it is a festival of capital-H He and Him and His when discussing the capital-S Savior, a subject that comes up pretty frequently considering the first chapter is about Christian martyrs Sir Thomas More ("The life on earth of honest Thomas More was ended. His glory had just begun"), the third is about Joan of Arc ("She raised her voice to heaven, calling out to her saints and her Savior"), and the rest is sprinkled with bits on Mothers Antonia and Theresa, various Puritans, a Vietnamese Catholic, and on and on.
Keep in mind we're talking about a guy who in his previous (and highly enjoyable) memoirs wrote with evident pride about his father being nicknamed "Good Goddamn McCain," cheerfully described more acts of youthful indiscretion than most of us are lucky to live through, and characterized theo-con Paul Weyrich as "a pompous, self-serving son of a bitch."
Going from that voice to one that writes the following about Charles Darwin, "It is hard for me to appreciate the history he made without seeing in its accomplishment the hand of providence....God is not indifferent to our suffering nor has He left us bereft of hope," is about as jarring as, well, going from saying that "Ethanol does nothing to reduce fuel consumption, nothing to increase our energy independence, nothing to improve air quality" (2003), to saying that a McCain administration would focus on "creating new markets for farmers by providing incentives to create low carbon auto fuels like ethanol" (2007).
If you are, as John McCain has been in his writings, prepared to alter your entire personality in the greater case of your own political ambitions, then previously ironclad policies that were once dressed up in the highest of moral dudgeon are liable to be as malleable as butter in a microwave. Thus his 2004 opposition to tax cuts ("why do we have to have tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans when the gap between the wealthiest Americans and the poorest Americans is growing?") becomes his 2006 vote to make those tax cuts permanent. His 2002 support for encouraging condom use to stop the spread of HIV becomes his pathetic 2007 confusion over whether contraceptives can even halt the disease. His $1.10 federal tax on cigarettes in 1998 ("perhaps the health of children should be a greater concern to my party"!) becomes 2008's "I'm not for anybody's taxes."
McCain's main value proposition and electoral conceit is that he talks straight and puts his country first, ahead of mere political considerations. So much so that the very slogan of the Republican National Convention is Country First, and he'll be driving there with Palin on the Straight Talk Express.
But if ethanol was bad for the country in 2003—and it was—it sure as hell is bad for the country in 2007. The only things that have changed since then are the price of corn (through the roof), and McCain's desperate need to finish halfway decently in the Iowa caucuses (ditto). A man willing to flip-flop so brazenly may rightly be described as a "politician," but not as any kind of preternatural straight-shooter who always puts country first.
So it is with the nomination of Sarah Palin, a move that was politically audacious, modestly encouraging to libertarians and those of us who enjoy unusual characters in political life...and utterly at odds with McCain's central campaign contention that he's running to defeat "the transcendent challenge of the 21st century—radical Islamic extremists."
Sarah Palin is many interesting things, but she is decidedly not anyone who has done a single thing in her life indicating preparation to lead any kind of "transcendent" foreign policy challenge. In an election that will be fought over the issue of war, where McCain has noisily accused Barack Obama of putting politics before country on the issue of most import, it is McCain who is guilty of just that charge with the selection of perhaps the least-qualified candidate for vice-commander in chief in modern U.S. history. Choosing Palin makes for potentially great politics, but it makes a mockery of McCain's claim to be the national security adult in this race, especially considering that if he's elected, he'll be the oldest first-term president in American history.
Would John McCain, a genuine American hero, place his own political ambitions ahead of the good of the country? Indeed he has, at least according to an authority as knowledgeable on the subject as John McCain. In all five of his books he repeatedly warns us of precisely that tendency. "The worst decisions I have made, not just in politics but over the course of my entire life," he writes in Hard Call, "have been those I made to seek an advantage primarily or solely for myself."
Who benefits more from the selection of Sarah Palin, the United States of America or John McCain? Time may tell a different story, but on the eve of the Republican Convention, it doesn't seem like that hard of a call at all.
Matt Welch is the editor-in-chief of reason and the author of McCain: The Myth of a Maverick.
Ireland is now ranked as the fourth largest destination for investment from American companies according to figures released in advanced of the Global Irish Economic Forum, in Dublin.
Investment from the United States rose by one percent in 2012 to $22.8 billion. This increase also contrasts with the overall drop of 17.5 percent in American investment across the rest of Europe.
The report note Ireland as an “important strategic cog in the global operations of many of the world's top corporations''.
It also notes that Irish firms have a ''sizeable'' presence in the US. Irish firms directly employ more US workers in America that US firms employ Irish workers in Ireland - 136,100 and 115,000 respectively.
The report's author, Joseph P Quinlan, told RTE “'If we have learned anything in the post-crisis era, it is this - Irish and US relations are resilient and robust, and above all else, built to last.”
The American Chamber of Commerce Ireland published the highlights of the “Irish-US Linkages Post-Crisis Ties are even Stronger and More Critical” chapter as follows:
- Since the Great Recession of 2008/09, and amid swirling winds of global change, Ireland has become even more important and more critical to the global success of corporate America.
- Over the five-year period starting in 2008 and ending in 2012, U.S. firms invested more capital in Ireland ($129.5 billion) than in the previous 58 years combined.
- The level of investment in Ireland over 2008-2012 was roughly 14 times larger than U.S. investment in China.
- In 2012, Ireland ranked as the fourth largest recipient of U.S. FDI, garnering almost as much U.S. investment as all of developing Asia. While U.S. investment to Ireland rose marginally last year, by roughly 1%, to $22.8 billion, total U.S. investment to the EU declined sharply, by 17.5%.
- In the first half of 2013, Ireland moved up in the rankings, emerging as the third largest recipient of U.S. FDI. U.S. investment flows to Ireland totaled $15.8 billion in the first half of this year, a 32% rise from the same period a year ago.
- On a historic cost basis, the stock of US investment in Ireland broke the $200 billion barrier for the first time in 2012. Corporate America's FDI stock in Ireland is equal to the U.S. stock in France and Germany combined. What's more, it is nearly 20% larger than the aggregate U.S. stock in the BRIC nations.
- Exports figure only nominally in Irish-U.S. linkages, but when U.S. foreign affiliate sales in Ireland are factored into the equation, a minor player in trade becomes a global strategic giant based on foreign direct investment and affiliate sales/activities.
- U.S. foreign affiliate sales in Ireland are hardly insignificant. By our estimates, U.S. affiliate sales of goods and services totaled $282 billion in 2012.
- Using actual figures-for 2010-U.S. foreign affiliate sales in Ireland-with a population of 4.5 million and a GDP of just $210 billion-were greater than affiliate sales in China ($170 billion) and Japan ($247 billion).
- Ireland now ranks the number one export platform in the world for U.S. affiliates based on the latest available data, underscoring the importance of Ireland in the global value chains of U.S. firms.
Commuters who use the park-and-ride lot on the southwest quadrant of Lake Street and Hiawatha Avenue will need to find a new place to leave their vehicles.
Metro Transit said it will close the 143-stall Lake Street/Midtown Park and Ride effective March 7.
The lot is popular for Blue Line riders, who can catch the train at the nearby Lake Street/Midtown Station. The station is also served by bus routes 21, 27 and 53.
Metro Transit is directing Blue Line customers to use free park-and-ride lots at Fort Snelling Station, or to consider using bus routes 7, 9, 11,14, 18 and 22, which provide connections from Lake Street to downtown Minneapolis and to Richfield and Bloomington.
The park and ride lot was never meant to be permanent, according to a traffic demand study conducted in December by Westwood Professional Services. In its study, it says the Corcoran Neighborhood Organization states that Metro Transit established the lot in 2004 a "temporary amenity" and that it was to be phased out as park and ride lots were opened outside the urban core.
However, it's been very popular. The Westwood study found that the lot was always fully occupied during peak morning and afternoon periods.
The park-and-ride lot and a building that once housed programs for the Minneapolis Public Schools is expected to give way to a mixed development plan that would include a new Hennepin County service center, market-rate housing, retail space and a transit plaza. The redevelopment known as the L&H Station is currently awaiting final approval.
Take the shot For all your tactical drinking needs
Integrated MOLLE webbing
A ThinkGeek creation and exclusive
The outside world and geeks don't always go together. That's why when we venture out, we like to go fully prepared. Phone charged? Check. SPF 50+ sunscreen? Check. Tactical drinking flask? Check and double check.
Whether you're camping or claiming portals for the Enlightened, it's important to stay hydrated. Fill this flask with 6 oz. of your favorite beverage and toss it in your bag, slide it onto your belt, or use a clip to hook it to your favorite accessory's MOLLE webbing. (The flask's case also has webbing, so you can then hook something to it for Inception-style MOLLE recursion.) The stainless steel flask itself is an elegant matte black with a textured PVC accent piece and a screw-on cap. The hook-and-loop strap on the case secures the flask to prevent it from falling out but still allows for smooth flask draw and reholstering.
You never know when you're going to need a drink. And for some problems, applying alcohol is the optimum tactical solution. Having this baby by your side ensures you're always prepared.
Product Specifications
SPRINGFIELD, IL — The Illinois Senate approved a bill Wednesday night that would raise the state's minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2022. The bill, which was approved by the House of Representatives Tuesday, has to face its final hurdle: getting signed by Gov. Bruce Rauner.
The Senate approved SB 81 by a 30-23 vote and the House passed it with a 61 to 53 vote.
The question remains whether or not Bruce Rauner will be on board with the minimum wage hike.
Greg Kelley, President of Service Employees International Union said in a statement, "But let's take him at his word: Nonpartisan research shows that raising the wage is the fastest, truest and best way to immediately improve the living conditions of workers. Senate Bill 81 now goes to Bruce Rauner and he must sign it. Workers across the state of all incomes should now be united in their call to, 'RAISE THE WAGE.'"
Related: $15 Minimum Wage Approved by Illinois House of Representatives.
Today, the Illinois Senate passed a $15 minimum wage meaning young people across the state will ultimately be put out of work. https://t.co/siRxsdMpb4
— Dan McConchie (@DanMcConchie) June 1, 2017
SB81 Minimum Wage increase passes in the Illinois Senate with a verified roll call. pic.twitter.com/oQySK7y9Zb
— BlueRoomStream (@BlueRoomStream) June 1, 2017
This is a developing story. Check back for more updates.
Egypt's Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry yesterday called on Israel to open the six border crossings with the Gaza Strip to provide for the humanitarian needs of the Palestinian people and reconstruct the Gaza Strip.
Speaking during a press conference with his Venezuelan counterpart, Elias Jaua, Shoukry said the borders are among the key topics to be addressed during the indirect talks between Israel and the Palestinians which began yesterday to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian people and find solutions to reopen the seaport in the Gaza Strip.
Shoukry stressed that Egypt is working diligently to reach a final ceasefire agreement in the Gaza Strip, noting that “it's a complex and uneasy issue but there's determination to find solutions to protect the Palestinian people and their interests”.
He said: “The talks began shortly and we are trying to find areas of flexibility between the two sides to reach a lasting agreement.”
The Venezuelan foreign minister commended the Egyptian political and diplomatic efforts to reach a humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza. He said: “We have hope and confidence that the truce will continue until the parties reach a solution. We appreciate the Egyptian role and conveyed a message of support from the Venezuelan president to the Egyptian President Abdel Fatah Al-Sisi for their efforts to help the Palestinian people.”
He added: “We in Venezuela, since the government of President Chavez, have worked to help establish a Palestinian state and society” noting that “there are Palestinian students in Venezuela who study medicine and other disciplines, and we cooperate with the Palestinian government to build an ophthalmology centre in Ramallah to meet the Palestinians' needs.”
The Minister concluded: “We are fully prepared to contribute to the reconstruction of schools, hospitals and everything that Israel has demolished in clear violation of international law in Gaza” stressing that the Palestinian issue is “the issue of Venezuela and Latin America”.
Zhang Yue, founder and chairman of Broad Sustainable Building, is not a particularly humble man. A humble man would not have erected, on his firm's corporate campus in the Chinese province of Hunan, a classical palace and a 130-foot replica of an Egyptian pyramid. A humble man, for that matter, would not have redirected Broad from its core business—manufacturing industrial air-conditioning units—to invent a new method of building skyscrapers. And a humble man certainly wouldn't be putting up those skyscrapers at a pace never achieved in history.
- Design Wants to Be Free
In late 2011, Broad built a 30-story building in 15 days; now it intends to use similar methods to erect the world's tallest building in just seven months. Perhaps you're already familiar with Zhang's handiwork: On New Year's Day 2012, Broad released a time-lapse video of its 30-story achievement that quickly went viral: construction workers buzzing around like gnats while a clock in the corner of the screen marks the time. In just 360 hours, a 328-foot-tall tower called the T30 rises from an empty site to overlook Hunan's Xiang River. At the end of the video, the camera spirals around the building overhead as the Broad logo appears on the screen: a lowercase b that wraps around itself in an imitation of the @ symbol.
In person, Zhang himself seems to move at an impossible time-lapse clip. He's almost always surrounded by Broad employees, all wearing identical white button-front shirts (the uniform for the corporate office) and all offering papers for him to review or sign. When I arrive, he's issuing a steady barrage of instructions while spinning himself around in his office chair. When he's finally ready to start the interview, he abruptly stops spinning and, without looking at me, barks out, "Begin!"
The pace of Broad Sustainable Building's development is driven entirely by this one man. Broad Town, the sprawling headquarters, is completely Zhang's creation. Employees call him not "the chairman" or "our chairman" but "my chairman." To become an employee of Broad, you must recite a life manual penned by Zhang, guidelines that include tips on saving energy, brushing your teeth, and having children. All prospective employees must be able, over a two-day period, to run 7.5 miles. You can eat for free at Broad Town cafeterias unless someone catches you wasting food, at which point you're not merely fined but publicly shamed.
So far, Broad has built 16 structures in China, plus another in Cancun. They are fabricated in sections at two factories in Hunan, roughly an hour's drive from Broad Town. From there the modules—complete with preinstalled ducts and plumbing for electricity, water, and other infrastructure—are shipped to the site and assembled like Legos. The company is in the process of franchising this technology to partners in India, Brazil, and Russia. What it's selling is the world's first standardized skyscraper, and with it, Zhang aims to turn Broad into the McDonald's of the sustainable building industry.
"Traditional construction is chaotic," he says. "We took construction and moved it into the factory." According to Zhang, his buildings will help solve the many problems of the construction industry. They will be safer, quicker, and cheaper to build. And they will have low energy consumption and CO 2 emissions. When I ask Zhang why he decided to start a construction company, he corrects me. "It's not a construction company," he says. "It's a structural revolution."
The Instant Skyscraper Broad plans every step for construction speed, from how it designs floor modules to how workers load the trucks. 1// Identical modules
The floors and ceilings of the skyscraper are built in sections, each measuring 15.6 by 3.9 meters, with a depth of 45 centimeters.
Illustration: Jason Lee 2// Preinstalled fixtures
Pipes and ducts are threaded through each floor module while it's still in the factory. The client's choice of flooring is also preinstalled on top.
Illustration: Jason Lee 3// Standardized truckloads
Each load carries two modules to the site, with the necessary columns, bolts, tools, and other peripherals to connect them stacked on top of each.
Illustration: Jason Lee Photo of Standardized truckloads
Workers load modules onto trucks. Photo: Noah Sheldon 4// Instant Assembly
Each section is lifted by crane directly to the top of the building. Workers use the materials on the module to quickly connect the pipes and wires.
Illustration: Jason Lee Photo of Instant Assembly
At the building site, cranes hoist modules up to be installed.
Photo: Noah Sheldon 5// Snap-in columns
Broad's design has aced 9.0-magnitude earthquake tests. The reason: this unique column design, with diagonal bracing at each end and tabs that bolt into the floors above and below.
Illustration: Jason Lee 6// A smooth finish
In the final step, heavily insulated exterior walls and windows are slotted in by crane. The result is far from pretty, but the method is surprisingly safe—and phenomenally fast.
Illustration: Jason Lee
Asked about his life story, Zhang avers that it's too boring to discuss. ("This whole article shouldn't be more than two pages," he says.) But he goes on to attribute his success to his creativity and to his outsider perspective on technology. He started out as an art student in the 1980s, but in 1988, with the help of two partners, including his brother (an engineer by training), Zhang left the art world to found Broad. The company started out as a maker of nonpressurized boilers. While Zhang again insists that the story isn't interesting enough to talk about, Broad's senior vice president, a smiley woman named Juliet Jiang who sports a bowl haircut just too long to stay out of her eyes, is happy to fill in the gaps. "He made his fortune on boilers," she says. "He could have kept doing this business, but my chairman, he saw the need for nonelectric air-conditioning." China's economy was expanding past the capacity of the nation's electricity grid, she explains. Power shortages were a problem. Industrial air-conditioning units fueled by natural gas could help companies ease their electricity load, reduce costs, and enjoy more reliable climate control in the bargain.
More From Wired Design:
The AC units that Zhang still manufactures are gigantic, barge-sized affairs. The so-called micro chillers weigh 6 tons; the largest is 3,500 tons and can cool 5 million square feet. The technology Broad employs, called absorption cooling, is an old one. Instead of using electricity to compress a refrigerant from a gas to a liquid and back again, nonelectric air conditioners use natural gas or another source of heat to turn a special liquid (typically a solution containing lithium bromide) into vapor; as the vapor condenses, it cools the air around it. Today, Broad has units operating in more than 70 countries, cooling some of the largest buildings and airports on the planet. These systems are all monitored from a central headquarters in Broad Town: When an air conditioner malfunctions in Brazil, an alarm goes off in Hunan.
For two decades, Zhang's AC business boomed. But a couple of events conspired to change his course. The first was that Zhang became an environmentalist, a gradual awakening that he says began 10 or 12 years ago. The second was the 7.9-magnitude earthquake that hit China's Sichuan Province in 2008, causing the collapse of poorly constructed buildings and killing some 87,000 people. In the aftermath, Zhang began to fixate on the problem of building design. At first, he says, he tried to convince developers to retrofit existing buildings to make them both more stable and more sustainable. "People paid no attention at all," he says. So Zhang drafted his own engineers—300 of them, according to Jiang—and started researching how to build cheap, environmentally friendly structures that could also withstand an earthquake.
Within six months of starting his research, Zhang had given up on traditional methods. He was frustrated by the cost of hiring designers and specialists for each new structure. The best way to cut costs, he decided, was to take building to the factory—and as a manufacturer of massive AC units, he knew how factories worked. But to create a factory-built skyscraper, Broad had to abandon the principles by which skyscrapers are typically designed. The whole load-bearing structure had to be different. To reduce the overall weight of the building, it used less concrete in the floors; that in turn enabled it to cut down on structural steel. The result was the T30, 90 percent of which was built inside the factory. And Zhang says this percentage will only rise with future buildings: The more that happens in the factory, he says, the safer and less wasteful construction becomes.
These theories are increasingly accepted by the sustainable building community in the West, where prefabricated and modular buildings are gaining in popularity. In New York, a 32-story modular building, the world's tallest of its kind, is slated to go up near the Barclays Center arena in Brooklyn (though union disputes might result in a more traditional building instead). Two entirely modular developments have gone up in the suburbs of London. Both modular buildings (which are delivered to a site in prebuilt cubes) and prefabricated towers (closer to what Broad is doing) are safer to construct and easier to regulate than traditional structures, and both cut down on waste.
But modular and prefabricated buildings in the West are, for the most part, low-rise. Broad is alone—perhaps forebodingly alone—in applying these methods to skyscrapers. For Zhang, the environmental savings alone justify the effort. According to Broad's numbers, a traditional high-rise will produce about 3,000 tons of construction waste, while a Broad building will produce only 25 tons. Traditional buildings also require 5,000 tons of water onsite to build, while Broad buildings use none.
Compared with the West's elegant modular buildings, Zhang's skyscrapers are aesthetically underwhelming, to say the least. On a tour of the T30, my guide gestures at a scale model and says, "It's not very good-looking, is it?" To create a sufficiently spacious lobby for the hotel, an awkward pyramid-shaped structure had to be attached to the base. Inside, the hallways are uncomfortably narrow; climbing the central stairway feels like clanging up the stairs of a stadium bleacher.
It's worth noting, though, that the majority of apartment buildings going up in China are equally ugly. Broad's biggest selling point, amazingly enough, is in the quality. In a nation where construction standards vary widely, and where builders often use cheap and unreliable concrete, Broad's method offers a rare sort of consistency. Its materials are uniform and dependable. There's little opportunity for the construction workers to cut corners, since doing so would leave stray pieces, like when you bungle your Ikea desk. And with Broad's approach, consistency can be had on the cheap: The T30 cost just $1,000 per square meter to build, compared with around $1,400 for traditional commercial high-rise construction in China.
The building process is also safer. Jiang tells me that during the construction of the first 20 Broad buildings, "not even one fingernail was hurt." Elevator systems—the base, rails, and machine room—can be installed at the factory, eliminating the risk of a technician falling down a 30-story elevator shaft. And instead of shipping an elevator car to the site in pieces, Broad orders a finished car and drops it into the shaft by crane. In the future, elevator manufacturers are hoping to preinstall the doors, completely eliminating any chance that a worker might fall.
While Jiang focuses on bringing Broad buildings to the world, her boss is fixated on the company's most outlandish plan—the J220, a factory-built 220-floor behemoth that would just happen to be the tallest building in the world. It's hard to say for sure that the 16-million-square-foot plan isn't entirely a publicity stunt. But Zhang has hired some of the engineers who worked on the current height-record holder, Dubai's Burj Khalifa, and Broad has created two large models of "Sky City" (as the J220 has been nicknamed). The foundation is scheduled to be laid in November at a site in Hunan; if everything goes well, the building will be complete in March 2013. All in all, including factory time and onsite time, construction is expected to take just seven months. Again, that's assuming it really happens: When my guide at the T30 plugs in one of the models and the lights flicker on, he tells me, "My chairman says we have to attract eyes. We have to shock the world."
But if all Broad ever does is build 30-story skyscrapers—in 15 days, at $1,000 per square meter, with little waste and low worker risk, and where the end result can withstand a 9.0 quake—it will have shocked the world quite enough.1
Lauren Hilgers (lauren.hilgers@gmail.com) was based in Shanghai as a reporter from 2007 to July 2012.
Note 1. Correction appended [9/25/12:00 PM EST]: Broad's skyscrapers cost $1,000 per square meter, not $1,000 per square foot.
His parents then chose The Emanuel School in Randwick simply because they thought he would be better off there than any of the other local schools. ''As soon as I went to Emanuel, because it was so small and there were girls there, I became more focused … it was a great school to go to,'' he says. Having no religious conviction is increasingly common in Australia. A record 22 per cent of the country indicated as much in the 2011 census. Yet the popularity of religious schools is increasing. Enrolments in independent and Catholic schools are growing faster than at public schools, increasing by about 1.8 per cent in 2012, compared with 1.2 per cent for public schools, according to recent data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics. ''It's one of the great paradoxes of Australian education,'' says Dr Helen Proctor, from the University of Sydney. ''We're one of the least-religious nations in the world, yet we have this large and increasing attendance of children in religious schools.''
Proctor was the co-author of the 2009 book School Choice: How Parents Negotiate the New School Markets in Australia, for which she interviewed many non-religious parents about why they sent their children to religious schools. ''What they were trying to choose was a non-public school because they were disaffected with public schools, one way or the other,'' she says. In Australia, almost all private schools have some religious affiliation. The choice is often akin to a''cost-benefit analysis'', she says. ''The benefit was that it's a private school - it's got good facilities, good academic results, nice new buildings and the cost might be that it's a bit religious.'' John (not his real name), a Sydney father and lapsed Catholic, says he and his wife had their three children baptised for the sole reason that it may eventually help them secure a place at a Catholic high school. ''Philosophically, we would prefer to have a secular government education for our children,'' he says. But John says he would not send his son to the local public boys' high school, which he believes has a poor reputation, particularly where discipline is concerned. He feels his son will perform better academically at a private school.
''I don't necessarily want them to have a religious education, that troubles me a little bit,'' John says. ''It's a trade-off, but I think we'd probably have some conversations at home about what he's doing at school, what his view is, what our view is. ''When you have kids you try to make the best decision you can for them, not what you philosophically believe.'' Children from atheist families are generally welcome at most religious schools, provided they participate in the religious aspects of school life, some education officials say. ''We very much encourage families, all families, to consider a Catholic education for their child,'' says the executive director of Catholic schools for the Archdiocese of Sydney, Dan White. White says that while preference is still given to Catholic families, about one in five students at Sydney Catholic schools comes from other faith backgrounds or is not religious.
''There's a very strong view that we are welcoming and inclusive of families from other religious traditions as long as they understand their child will be taught within the Catholic tradition,'' he says. The 17 schools administered by the Sydney Anglican Schools Corporation have an open enrolments policy. But like Catholic schools, all students are expected to participate in religious activities, such as chapel. ''We're very up front about our Anglican faith traditions,'' says spokesman Andrew Guile. Emanuel principal Anne Hastings says the school embraces all streams and customs of Judaism and offers places to students of other denominations as part of its commitment to egalitarianism and pluralism. Students are expected to enrol in Jewish studies until the end of year 11 and take part in some mandatory cultural activities, Hastings says. ''We do not view Judaism exclusively as a religion but also embrace it as a tradition, culture and national identity,'' she says.
As a student at Emanuel, Sharp sometimes wore a yarmulke and prayed in Hebrew. The experience gave him a respect for religion and made him question his atheism, he says. ''I went in an atheist but came out an agnostic,'' Sharp says. White says parents who choose to enrol their children at Catholic-run schools should expect Catholicism to play a role in other areas of the curriculum, such as sex education or in teaching principles of social justice. ''In areas of sexuality they would bring a Catholic perspective to those questions, they would also infuse Catholic values across the curriculum,'' White says. ''There's a very strong dimension of social justice in Catholic schools whether in history, science, climate change and ecology.''
Sydney mother-of-two Jenny (not her real name) says she does not regret sending her two children to Catholic high schools. She was particularly pleased with the strong emphasis on social justice at her son's Marist school. ''[He] had a very progressive Catholic school … It was a non-homophobic school; kids at his school came out,'' she says. Proctor says the emphasis on social justice or charity is a positive cited by many parents who choose religious schools. But a similar value set led other parents, even the strongly religious, to secular public schools, she says. ''One parent I spoke to who was quite a religious Islamic woman preferred to have her kids at a public school,'' Proctor says. ''She felt that her faith was a matter for the family and at the school she was looking for diversity and an understanding of different faiths and cultures.''
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday abandoned his false claim that Barack Obama was not born in the United States after spending five years peddling conspiracy theories that the country's first African-American president started life as a foreigner.
But, never one to let a controversy go without fanning its flames, Trump accused Hillary Clinton, his Democratic rival in the Nov. 8 election, of starting the so-called birther movement in her failed 2008 presidential campaign against Obama, a claim that does not stand up to scrutiny.
Trump, who has won back some ground in opinion polls and made the White House race more competitive after he went through a summer slump, made his announcement in an attempt to clear the air as he prepares for the first of three televised presidential debates with Clinton on Sept. 26.
“President Barack Obama was born in the United States. Period,” said Trump, a real estate developer. “Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again,” he said at an event in Washington at a new Trump International Hotel down the street from the White House.
Devoting only about 30 seconds to the subject, Trump did not apologize and did not expand upon his abrupt decision to shift from a stance he held for five years.
The New York businessman brought up the birther controversy as far back as 2011, appealing to a right-wing fringe of voters who formed the early base of his support when he launched his presidential bid last year.
The birther conspiracy movement is aimed at challenging the legality of Obama's presidency - the U.S Constitution requires that a president be a natural-born citizen.
During his presidential campaign, Trump has readily trafficked in other theories that are the stuff of American supermarket tabloids.
There was his declaration that the father of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz, one of Trump's many rivals for the Republican nomination, might have been linked to the assassin of President John F. Kennedy. And there was his false claim that thousands of Muslims in Jersey City, New Jersey, cheered when the World Trade Center twin towers collapsed in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
In making his announcement on Friday, Trump advanced a widely debunked claim that Clinton and her 2008 campaign had been the original birthers.
“Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it. You know what I mean,” he said.
His campaign directed reporters to a 2007 memo from then-Clinton adviser Mark Penn, who had encouraged the Clinton campaign to go negative against Obama by saying that his Hawaiian birth and boyhood in Indonesia gave him limited roots in American values and culture.
Penn eventually left the Clinton campaign, and his advice was never acted upon.
“A NEW LIE”
The Democratic National Committee on Friday condemned Trump's bid to link Clinton to the birther idea. “He had the audacity to spout a new lie about the birther movement that he helped to build,” it said.
Clinton, who leads Trump by 4 percentage points in the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll, on Friday demanded Trump apologizes to the president for having helped spread the birther idea and said Trump had tried to “delegitimize our first black president.”
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump walks throughthe atrium of his new Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar
“His campaign was founded on this outrageous lie. There is no erasing it in history,” Clinton said in an address to the Black Women's Association in Washington.
Clinton seized on the issue after struggling to overcome the fallout from her remark a week ago that half of Trump's supporters are in a “basket of deplorables” and her initial secrecy about her pneumonia diagnosis.
Obama, who produced the longer version of his Hawaiian birth certificate in 2011 to prove doubters wrong, had famously mocked Trump over the issue at a White House Correspondents Association dinner as the wealthy businessman sat in the audience fuming.
Still, Trump clung to the contention that Obama was foreign-born, tweeting in August 2012: “An ‘extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.”
On Friday, Obama was asked for his reaction to the latest Trump declaration.
“I'm shocked that a question like that has come up at a time when we have so many other things to do. Well, I'm not that shocked actually. It's fairly typical. We've got other things to attend to,” he said. “I was pretty confident about where I was born.”
Trump's embrace of the birther movement has incensed black Americans, whose votes Trump has been trying to court.
Members of the Congressional Black Caucus held a news conference on Friday to urge African-American voters to resist any temptation to support Trump.
“I'm wondering when this country is going to awaken from this reality show,” said Representative Brenda Lawrence, a Democrat.
First lady Michelle Obama told a crowd in Fairfax, Virginia, that her husband has set a strong example for those who have doubted “whether my husband was even born in this country.”
“Well, during his time in office, I think Barack has answered those questions with the example he's set: by going high when they go low. And he's answered these questions with the progress that we've achieved together,” she said.
At a rally in Miami later on Friday, Trump pushed back on the idea that he and his supporters were racist, saying that when Democrats are in trouble politically, “they always pull out the racist word.”
He walked out at the rally to a song from the musical “Les Miserables” in front of a backdrop that read “Les Deplorables,” a reference to Clinton's comment last week about his supporters.
The issue of Obama's birthplace has not been a factor in the campaign leading up to the November presidential election, but it resurfaced in recent days, taking the focus of Trump's White House bid away from topics such as immigration, trade and the economy, which he has been using to hit Clinton.
Trump revived the birther controversy on Thursday in an interview with The Washington Post when he declined to say whether he believed Obama was born in Hawaii.
Trump had promised “a big announcement” about the birther issue on Friday, giving the impression it was the purpose of the event at his hotel.
Slideshow (16 Images)
Instead, he held off saying anything about it through more than 20 minutes of endorsements from military veterans. Only then did Trump make a brief statement about Obama's birth.
Trump devoted more time at the beginning of the event to talking about his hotel where the event took place. He ignored reporters' shouted questions.
Want to ride in the sky ride from downtown San Diego to Balboa Park and back?
That could become a reality if a study proposed by county Supervisor Ron Roberts finds the project affordable.
And if it does, why not go for it? Roberts said Friday.
“I keep thinking San Diego gets so serious about things that we forget to have fun,” he said. “There are things we should be doing to celebrate the city and let people enjoy its beauty. What better place in the world to have an aerial tram?”
Roberts is expected to win unanimous approval from fellow supervisors next Tuesday for his request to spend $75,000 in county Neighborhood Reinvestment Program money to hire a consultant to study for his aerial gondola.
While various proposals for trams or gondolas in the city have been floated in recent years, Roberts said he's toyed with the notion for nearly a decade, stretching back to when he and former state Sen. Steve Peace were contemplating different concepts for downtown waterfront development.
A similar idea has been offered by urban designer Howard Blackson, and last month students from San Diego's NewSchool of Architecture and Design talked about a gondola or zip line attached to or strung from the Interstate 805 bridge.
Re-elected earlier this month to his sixth and final supervisor term under term limits adopted in 2010, Robert said it was time to raise the idea once again.
“I've only got four years left to do good things and I've been harboring this for quite some time. I figured that instead of just visualizing it, let's do a feasibility study.”
The study includes a look at the logistics of the infrastructure that would be required and a rough idea of the costs.
One scenario envisions a downtown terminus at the trolley station between Fifth and Sixth avenues. Elevated gondola cars holding multiple, paying passengers for a roughly two-mile ride to somewhere around the Spreckels Organ Pavilion in Balboa Park.
“You want to be in the places where you can capture a lot of foot traffic and tourists,” Roberts said.
A similar proposal being floated in Seattle, Roberts said.
“The gondola here would have a number of units because you want it to be an effective means of transportation,” he said. “Imagine the vistas you could get of downtown, the bay and the park. The whole thing is in the very embryonic stage, but I'm excited about it.”
His proposal calls for SANDAG, the San Diego-based regional transportation agency, the manage the study, which he said should take two or three months to complete.
He's spoken privately with representatives of several downtown groups and received a positive response from all, Roberts said.
Another idea that would change the cityscape resurfaced last month when Supervisor Greg Cox secured $75,000 in county funds for a study of an enclosed bike and pedestrian tube beneath the San Diego-Coronado Bridge.
That study also being managed by SANDAG is examining whether the nearly half-century-old bridge has sufficient structural and seismic integrity to support an attached pathway. It also will consider public safety and emergency response issues and potential concerns from the Navy, which needs about 200 feet clearance for ship antennas to pass beneath the bridge.
0
We knew it was coming, it just took a little longer than expected. But 20th Century Fox has finally announced Deadpool 2, confirming that we'll see Ryan Reynolds' Merc with a Mouth back on screens with the entire creative team from the film returning. That includes director Tim Miller, who made his feature directorial debut with Deadpool after making waves as a VFX guru with credits that include the opening title sequence for David Fincher‘s The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. And yes, screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick as back as well, though we already knew that as they previously revealed they were already working on the screenplay for Deadpool 2 before the first film hit theaters and demolished all expectations for the R-rated superhero comedy.
What else do we know? Well we know that comics character Cable will be involved, but beyond that story details for Deadpool 2 are under lock and key at the moment. It's nice to know that this creative team will remain intact, though, as Miller, Reynolds, Reese and Wernick worked tirelessly to bring Deadpool to the screen over the years, only to continuously receive pushback from Fox, which wasn't yet ready to make such a risky superhero picture. It's rare in Hollywood that all of these pieces remain throughout development—usually the director drops off or new writers are brought in to try and angle the script towards the studio's liking, but with Deadpool, these folks stayed put, and the result was a worldwide box office of $757 million, a staggering number by any measure.
Now all that's left is a release date announcement, which is still pending. Fox has untitled Fox/Marvel films dated for release on October 6, 2017, January 12, 2018, and July 13, 2018, so you can bet on Deadpool 2 filling one of those slots. How soon? I'd be surprised if production weren't underway by the end of the year, so really Miller and Co. would have their pick—although an October or June date seems more fitting for such a popular property.
For more on what we know about Deadpool 2 so far, peruse our recent links below:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Len McCluskey, Unite General Secretary, tells Andrew Marr that action will be "direct" and "widespread".
The head of Britain's biggest union has urged a campaign of strikes and civil disobedience to fight government cuts.
Speaking on the eve of the TUC congress, Unite leader Len McCluskey said no form of protest should be ruled out including "direct action".
He urged a "campaign of resistance so that the government will take stock and perhaps take a step back" from their "attack" on workers' jobs and pensions.
"I don't think we can rule anything out," he told the Andrew Marr Show.
The three-day TUC conference, which gets under way in London on Monday, is set to be the most highly-charged in recent years.
TUC general secretary Brendan Barber, who will address delegates on Monday, has already warned that Britain faced widespread strikes this autumn unless ministers changed direction on plans to raise public sector workers' contributions to their pensions.
'Direct action'
Mr McCluskey said the 1.5 million public sector workers in his union were in a "very angry mood" at what he called the coalition government's "ideological" assault on their jobs and pensions.
These are tough discussions we are having but we have been making progress in these negotiations Danny Alexander, Chief Secretary to the Treasury
He told the Andrew Marr Show: "The actions that will be taken will be widespread and I don't think we can rule anything out.
"I noticed recently senior citizens protesting in Bristol by walking backwards and forwards across a zebra crossing and bringing things to a standstill."
He also praised UK Uncut, which has targeted companies over alleged tax avoidance and staged sit-ins at banks, saying that that kind of "direct action" was what his members wanted, as well as traditional industrial action.
"They expect their leaders to give that type of leadership and to stand shoulder to shoulder with them when their terms and conditions are being attacked."
'Sabre rattling'
Mr McCluskey also criticised Labour leader Ed Miliband over his decision not to back public sector strikes in June.
Mr Miliband said the 24-hour walkout by about 300,000 teachers and civil servants was "wrong" at a time when negotiations between the unions and government over pension changes was still ongoing.
But Mr McCluskey, whose union backed Mr Miliband for the Labour leadership and is one of the party's biggest donors, said: "I think he made a fundamental error by attacking the strikes on 30 June, but he's learning in his job.
"He's got to be given time to construct his, hopefully, radical alternative and I hope that that will mean he understands he has to be on the side of ordinary working people."
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander said he expected to "hear a bit of sabre rattling" during the TUC conference but he urged union leaders to consider strike action as "very much the last resort".
The Lib Dem minister told Sky News reforming pensions was "in the long term interests of the country" and further walkouts would be "irresponsible at a time when talks are still going on".
"These are tough discussions we are having but we have been making progress in these negotiations," said Mr Alexander.
"I'm fully committed to these discussions... to try and make sure we can get to a position where we reach reforms everyone agrees are necessary."
Conservative Party deputy chairman Michael Fallon urged Mr Miliband to "stand up to the union barons and show he is on the side of hard-working families".
A psychology professor gave a lecture at an academic conference Thursday claiming that “medical fat shaming” at the doctor's office is “mentally and physically harmful.”
“Disrespectful treatment and medical fat shaming, in an attempt to motivate people to change their behavior, is stressful and can cause patients to delay health care seeking or avoid interacting with providers,” Connecticut College professor Joan Chrisler told attendees at the 125th annual convention of the American Psychological Association.
"Medical fat shaming, in an attempt to motivate people to change their behavior, is stressful."
Asserting that doctors “repeatedly advise weight loss for fat patients while recommending CAT scans, blood work, or physical therapy for other, average weight patients,” she argued that “recommending different treatments for patients with the same condition based on their weight is unethical and a form of malpractice.”
[RELATED: ‘Fat Studies' course labels dieting ‘special enemy' of diversity]
During her presentation, titled “Weapons of Mass Distraction—Confronting Sizeism,” Chrisler said there are many ways that doctors commonly microaggress against fat patients, not just in their approach to medical treatment, but even through interpersonal interactions.
“Implicit attitudes might be experienced by patients as microaggressions—for example, a provider's apparent reluctance to touch a fat patient, or a headshake, wince, or ‘tsk' while noting the patient's weight in the chart,” she said, noting that “microaggressions are stressful over time and can contribute to the felt experience of stigmatization.”
[RELATED: Fat activist: ‘exercise and diets are constructs']
Because of their apparent tendency toward fat-shaming, doctors “could jump to conclusions” that a patient's condition is obesity-related, and therefore “fail to run appropriate tests, which results in misdiagnosis.”
In addition to “sizeism,” she stated that patients with intersectional identities (e.g., those who also experience sexism, ageism, racism, classism, or transphobia) experience an even “greater cumulative burden” at the doctor's office, adding that “the stress that such unfairness causes can damage people's health.”
[RELATED: University study finds ‘fat-shaming' more harmful than racism]
Referencing a study of more than 300 autopsy reports, Chrisler said the results showed that obese patients were 1.65 times more likely than other patients to have significant undiagnosed medical conditions, such as endocarditis and lung carcinoma, which she presented as evidence of either “misdiagnosis or inadequate access to health care.”
Reached for comment by Campus Reform, Chrisler explained that she has a longstanding interest in body-image, especially women's body image, and in fact just recently wrote a book on the topic that is scheduled for release later this month.
“Fat shaming is a serious concern; girls have committed suicide after being fat shamed in social media,” she said. “Fat shaming from health care providers can also have serious physical and mental health consequences.”
Chrisler acknowledged that there is no way to definitively prove causation for her claim, pointing out that “it would be unethical to do such an experiment.”
[RELATED: UCSB to host discussion on ‘safe spaces' for ‘fat, gay men']
She also provided Campus Reform with a copy of her most recent academic article, “Sizeism is a Health Hazard,” which was published in the journal Fat Studies in August 2016 and served as the basis for her presentation at the APA conference.
In the article, Chrisler argues that obesity isn't the sole source of health concerns for fat people, and that “health habits, body satisfaction, and self-acceptance” are much more important indicators of a person's overall health.
“The Goldilocks Rule has no place in the healthcare system,” Chrisler concludes. “It is not possible to determine a person's health status on the basis of their weight.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @Toni_Airaksinen
OAKLAND — A 29-year-old bicyclist from Texas was fatally shot Saturday morning as he rode across from Lake Merritt, police said.
The shooting was reported at 12:41 a.m. in the 2000 block of Lakeshore Avenue between East 18th Street and Hanover Avenue where the man was apparently riding in a bicycle lane.
Police identified the victim as Ernesto Lora Jr.
Police responding to reports of gunfire found the man lying on the pavement next to his bicycle. He was taken to a hospital where he died at 1:02 a.m.
Sgt. Michael Cardoza said police are trying to determine if the man worked in the area or maybe lived nearby or was on his way to visit someone. He asked for anyone who knows Lora to contact police.
He said police don't know if the man was shot by someone on the street or from a vehicle.
Cardoza said police have not established a motive but at this point believe it was not a robbery.
The killing is the 17th this year investigated by Oakland police. Last year at this time police had investigated 27 homicides.
Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering up to $10,000 in reward money for information leading to the arrest of the killer. Anyone with information may call police at 510-238-3821 or Crime Stoppers at 510-777-8572.
Well this is a bit of a special surprise for us. Our friend over at Animodling in Calgary had a few of these Miku figurines and sold us one. At the time the preorders for this figurine came out we were REALLY strapped for cash so we had to take a pass on this =(. Happy days however we finally did manage to get it… I suppose in the end we do almost always get all the figurines we want EVENTUALLY <_<… kinda the perks of being married with a wife that also loves collecting figurines and we don't go out that often so we save our money and just get figurines hahaha…
This is a super cute figurine, I remember Dani talking about it and how much she wanted it when we first saw it. To be perfectly honest? I was not 100% sold at the time… probably was another figurine I was more obsessed with. However after a bit I must admit I got caught up in the hype as well. I am personally a huge fan of almost all Cheerful Japan stuff, its all super adorable.
I really like the way the hair was done on this figure, it's layered well and has a really good flow, it really adds to the whole “jumping into the air” aspect.
You can see a lot better on this picture but near the ties in the hair you can see little sprigs of hair sticking out.
I should point out, one of my wife's figurine collecting friends showed her the panty shot when he first got it and I can still remember her coming to me and exclaiming “omg she has ruffled panties they're so cute”… The first reaction to any normal person should of been “why were you looking at her panties” … but we have a little bit of an understanding. They are pretty darn cute panties, however I would of rather seen blue and white striped… ah well.
Of course you know I need to mention it but the base for this figurine is pretty damn impressive. The uniqueness factor of it is pretty up there, it really makes it stand out among the other figurines we have, as well as the fact that I personally like to imagine she is cheering for the wife and I to get more figurines! GO FIGURES GO!
There's just something about this cheerful face that literally brightens up my day, its almost impossible to be negative while looking at something so adorable >_<.
It's not all good however, at least in my opinion.. Her choice of outfit is a little bit meh to me, I do like how she has a hoodie on but the front of her shirt being transparent a bit in the middle there? I'm not a huge fan of it. Actually the entire top I can say I'm not a giant fan of… but again that's really just opinion.
This is probably the only negative thing I can think about with this figurine in terms of construction. It is of course possible that only ours is like this as well. However, the figurine does have A LOT of wiggle while on the base. It doesn't seem right since the metal does fit in snug… but she does shake a lot when you move her <why you would be wiggling a figurine is beyond me but I figured it was worth noting>.
All in all, we're super happy to have this figurine in our collection, I'm sure many of you can relate to acquiring the figurine that “got away” at some point, as well we did get a wicked good deal. Personally I do not think we would of dropped the 250-300$ you see this selling for on ebay, it's just not THAT special to me at least… however what it was worth when it was being sold was fair enough. If you do get the chance to buy this for a reasonable price, I would recommend it as its unique. However for the current rates? you would have to be a pretty hardcore Miku fan. So in closing, I leave you with a live concert footage of Miku… because I kinda like this song =D.
The nonprofit agency takes advantage of workers with disabilities thanks to an antiquated act; people who stay up late show a higher incidence of the “Dark Triad” of personality traits — Machiavellianism, psychopathy and narcissism; meanwhile, the Egyptian military's civilian death count is proof the Arab Spring has been halted. These discoveries and more below.
On a regular basis, Truthdig brings you the news items and odds and ends that have found their way to Larry Gross, director of the USC Annenberg School for Communication. A specialist in media and culture, art and communication, visual communication and media portrayals of minorities, Gross helped found the field of gay and lesbian studies.
Goodwill Industries International: Pay Disabled Workers a Real Wage
Goodwill Industries pays thousands of workers with disabilities less than minimum wage by exploiting a provision in the Fair Labor Standards Act left over from the 1930s.
Stop Hating on Early Risers: It's the Night Owls You Should Worry About
There's not much you can do about whether you're an early bird or a night owl. But researchers who looked for different personality traits among early rises and late nighters found that amongst those who stay up, incidence of the so-called “Dark Triad” of personality traits—Machiavellianism, psychopathy and narcissism—were higher.
The Arab Spring is Being Stifled by the Force of Arms
The grotesque murders of ordinary Egyptians by their own military says everything about the non-progress of the Arab spring.
China's Internet Freedom Double-Talk
NSA leaker Edward Snowden's original choice of Hong Kong as a refuge has kept the antagonism between the U.S. and China over cyber-issues squarely in the spotlight.
If Trayvon Were Pakistani…
President Barack Obama surprised the White House press corps when he preempted the normal daily briefing to offer his unscripted ideas on the Trayvon Martin case.
Another Journalist With Children in the Israeli Military
The New York Times recently published a news brief, reporting that Israel is going to re-investigate an incident in which an American citizen, Tristan Anderson, was permanently maimed.
The Future for Egypt is Looking Increasingly Bloody
As impoverished crowds gather in support of Mohamed Morsi, the well-heeled march behind their images of the General.
by Brian Beeler
VMware vRealize Operations 6.6 for vSAN Review
VMware vSAN has delivered on the promise of HCI in large part by simplifying the purchase, deployment and maintanence of vSAN clusters, while still delivering on performance and data services requirements. In June VMware made sweeping updates to the intelligence side of the house, by adding or enhancing vSAN support for vRealize Automation, vRealize Operations and vRealize Log Insight. vRealize Operations 6.6 now pulls together all management functions in one integrated platform. In this review we take a look at the new enhancements through the lens of vSAN, highlighting the new and updated features across the vROps spectrum that VMware identifies as; Ensure Readyness, Operationalize vSAN and Optimize and Scale vSAN.
New Features in vROps 6.6 for vSAN
When launching vROps 6.6, the most obvious change is the new HTML5 interface that looks in tune with the latest versions of the vCenter UI. The main screen is the vSAN Operations Overview. Along the top of the screen is general information for the entire vSAN environment including clusters, hosts, cache and capacity disks, VMs on the clusters, and performance information. Below these admins can select a specific cluster and immediately see information pertaining to that cluster including a summary, storage, component limits, cluster compute, average disk latency, IOPS, and throughput. The bottom left hand corner keeps track of events and alerts giving admins historical data to use to better plan out capacity usage in the future.
Right-click and open in new tab for a larger image
The vSAN Capacity Dashboard gives admins a quick view of just about anything they need. They can see the overall vSAN capacity contributor (host, disk groups, datastores, and capacity disks). Next to that they can easily see both the total overall capacity they have versus the used disk space. One of the most interesting features is on the top left hand side; here admins can see the direct impact dedupe and compression is having on their vSAN storage. Beneath that is the cluster overview. Here users can select a cluster and immediately see if it needs to be rebalanced and the remaining capacity.
Right-click and open in new tab for a larger image
Updated Features in vROps 6.6 for vSAN
As vSAN grows and gets adopted at a higher rate, it will see more issues arise, as is the case with any technology. The latest version has a more encompassing troubleshooting dashboard. Again it starts at the cluster level with a list of all available clusters. Admins can select a cluster and see if there are any alerts on the cluster, hosts, VMs, or disks. They can easily see if the relatives to the cluster are healthy as well. The dashboard shows if the cluster is busy and what level of performance is being affected.
Right-click and open in new tab for a larger image
Scrolling farther down, admins can see if the write buffer is full (indicated in green) and whether or not the read IOs are being served by the cache. From here admins can take a closer look at the hosts including whether or not they are consistently configured, whether or not the host is busy, the disk groups within the selected host, and if there are any aborted IOPS in the disk group or bus resets in the disk group.
Right-click and open in new tab for a larger image
And scrolling down and diving further into this disk group activity with heat maps for Disk Cache (and whether or not there are any hardware issues) and capacity disks (and again if they are having hardware issues).
Right-click and open in new tab for a larger image
Conclusion
To get access to all the operations goodies available to VMware vSAN users, vRealize Operations Standard is sold on a per-CPU basis with a list pf $1250/CPU or per VM ($125/VM in 25 VM bundle). The benefits of vRealize Operations for vSAN are clearly a great value add, increasing for every vSAN cluster that needs to be administered. Admins that cover a large pool of remote/branch office locations will be even more happy to have this sort of actionable data at their fingertips without having to log into every cluster. Some of the best highlights in our view revolve around capacity planning and a clear indicator of data footprint savings with dedupe and compression for all-flash vSAN users. In the end though, this latest vROps update shows VMware's commitment to making admistration of vSAN both easier and more proactive.
VMware vRealize Operations
Dicuss this review
Windows 10 may only be a matter of hours old but Microsoft has put the finishing touches to a humongous Day One patch.
First reported by WinBeta, the day one patch is around 1GB in size and as such contains plenty of different fixes to last minute bugs that made it into the final release due to the fact they arrived too late for Microsoft to fix them.
The patch itself is a mere 500MB in size, however, this expands to the size mentioned above when it is applied and there are two different files that can already be downloaded depending on whether you have an X86 or X64 system.
You only need to download the files yourself if you haven't downloaded Windows 10 as an upgrade because the installation will automatically be updated to 10240.16405 as soon as you decide to make the jump to the new OS.
More bugs soon?
Releasing this patch hot on the heels of the OS itself makes it even less likely that any large scale bugs will affect the OS in its early days, however, it remains an almost nailed-on certainty that more small bugs will be discovered in the coming days.
With the clock ticking down on his term in office, George W. Bush is only after one thing: saving his own sorry ass from the dustbin of history.
Operation Double Down: On the Friday before Christmas, when the news industry is essentially on hiatus, the Bush team announced that U.S. generals in Iraq have reversed course and will support the president's plan for a troop surge.
It is increasingly clear that the surge has been Bush's plan all along — that he will gamble America's blood and treasure on a risky scheme to tamp down violence so he can declare a faux victory in Iraq in order to save his sorry-assed legacy from the dustbin of history.
The news dump came on the evening that newly sworn-in Sec. of Defense Bob Gates returned from a quick trip to Iraq to confer with his generals. Did Gates deliver marching orders on the surge to the generals? The connection between his trip and their abrupt reverse course is so obvious that it's puzzling why — other than a reflexive need to lie about everything — the Bush team insists it's all a big coincidence. And yet they do:
The U.S. command in Iraq decided to recommend an increase of troops several days ago, prior to meetings in Baghdad this week with Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates, the defense official said.
Looking back, it is apparent that the plan was set early this fall and that neither the results of the elections nor the recommendations of the Iraq Study Group could have ever made any difference.
The reason is simple: George W. Bush will do what is best for George W. Bush. Politically, and personally, the surge is his only option. With the clock running down on his failed presidency — and as has been discussed here, and more comprehensively here — salvaging what he can of his legacy trumps what is best for the troops, the nation and world peace.
The president's “listening tour” and conferences with Democrats, experts and academics this month were simply for show. If his plans had been to bring the troops home, he would have gotten the good news out before the holidays. Tellingly, he delayed an address to the nation from mid-December until after the holidays. With two-thirds of the country opposing the war, his political handlers figured that a buzz kill by this president two weeks before Christmas risked shrinking his approval rating to Nixonian levels.
The surge strategy has been referred to as the president's “double down” on Iraq. The reference to raising the stakes in Blackjack perfectly captures the cynicism of the present gambit.
The question is, can anyone — the Democrats or members of his own party who face reelection in 2008, even the American people — do anything to stop him.
Hungarian news site Index.hu has found that the assailant behind Wednesday's murder of a police officer has ties to Russia's foreign military intelligence agency, the Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye (GRU).
According to Index, several unconnected state security sources have confirmed that the militant organization run by the assailant, István Győrkös, was connected to the GRU. Furthermore, Russian diplomats are known to have taken part in airsoft (military games where plastic pellets are used as ammunition) with the Hungarian organization.
Győrkös murdered one police officer on Wednesday morning when the National Investigation Office (Hungary's version of the FBI) appeared at Győrkös' property.
Russian diplomats and intelligence agencies have ties to Hungary's far-right groups, including the one founded by Győrkös.
Hungarian think-tank and consultancy Political Capital has published extensively on the Kremlin's connection with Hungarian far-right extremist groups.
In 2014, a website and Facebook page set up by Győrkös posted an article with three “reader-submitted” pictures of tanks being transported by train through Hungary. The Russian foreign ministry, citing the article, then accused Hungary of transporting weapons to Ukraine. According to Index, the photographs were tied to Russian intelligence.
OTTAWA – A pilot test of automated vehicles is under way in the Canadian province of Ontario, aided by a groundbreaking regulatory system designed to encourage technology and automotive companies to increase R&D.
The experimental program, which began Nov. 28, takes advantage of a provincial law enacted Jan. 1 that allows companies to test self-driving vehicles on Ontario roads. Other Canadian provinces, which have jurisdiction over transport issues in the Canadian confederation, still are developing such rules.
Several U.S. states also are angling to become centers for autonomous-vehicle development in North America. Eight states, as well as the District of Columbia, have adopted legislation that to some extent allows autonomous vehicles to travel on public roads.
Participants in the Ontario pilot test include the University of Waterloo, Canadian communications giant BlackBerry and Germany-based motor-home specialist Erwin Hymer Group.
The three vehicles being used in the project are a Lincoln MKZ hybrid sedan dubbed the “Autonomoose” by its Waterloo University operators; a Roadtrek E-trek recreational vehicle equipped with different levels of automation operated by Erwin Hymer; and a ʼ17 Lincoln with automated features being tested by BlackBerry, which is developing software in association with the project.
To gain access to Ontario's roads, the participants had to demonstrate the vehicles complied with the J3016 standard for automated driving systems, released in 2014 by SAE International, a U.S.-based automotive-research association.
It has six levels ranging from 0 (no automation) to 5 (full automation), based on the control or components of the vehicle, and monitoring of the driving environment, whether by a human or the vehicle.
In a briefing note, SAE says under the standard the biggest difference occurs between level 2, where the human driver performs part of the dynamic driving task, and level 3, where the automated driving system performs the entire dynamic driving task.
Experimental programs in Ontario must involve vehicles with an automated driving system that operates at levels 3 – where the system can request a human driver to take over under certain conditions – or 4 or 5, the latter indicating the autonomous-driving technology completely controls all driving functions of the vehicle.
In addition to adhering to the SAE standard, participants must comply with Ontario's Highway Traffic Act, have human drivers holding licenses appropriate to their vehicle who are ready to take over at any point, and have insurance of at least CN$5 million ($3.75 million).
The province's pilot framework does not limit autonomous vehicles to select roads or highways, and no special permits, plates or identifiers are required.
Ontario's Manufacturing, Tech Infrastructure Touted
Ontario is “the most well-positioned region in North America” to deliver innovation in automated vehicles, Transportation Minister Steven Del Duca tells WardsAuto in an interview, citing the province's existing large automotive manufacturing industry and its technology center in the Kitchener-Waterloo area, home to BlackBerry and other tech companies.
The transportation ministry, along with key stakeholders such as auto and tech companies, universities and infrastructure companies, worked together to develop both the regulatory framework and the project itself. While the regulations are to span 10 years, Del Duca says that is enough time for regulators and industry to maintain “the ability to be nimble and to respond to what's happening in the marketplace.”
David Adams, president of Global Automakers of Canada, says: “We will likely see fully automated vehicles in closed areas on closed regular routes by 2025. However, it will be at least 2040 to 2050 before fully automated vehicles are mainstream.”
Adams notes the approach to vehicle automation is “bifurcated” between traditional automakers who will introduce increasing levels of automation with each new generation of vehicles, and newer players such as Google, who would want to release a fully automated vehicle “right out of the gate”.
Barrie Kirk, executive director-Canadian Automated Vehicles Centre of Excellence, suggests it would be easier to roll out more autonomous vehicles than those that require land-based infrastructure to guide their driving. The idea is to put as much artificial intelligence as possible into the vehicles, “as the cost to add special infrastructure to all the highways (and) urban and rural roads across the country is impossibly expensive.
“Once (automated vehicles) are launched with significant (market) penetration, then there are ways we can optimize the infrastructure to make it better for AVs,” Kirk says.
On the governmental side, Del Duca says investment is less important than “an attitude or cultural shift to be open and nimble, and to want to support technological advancement.
“What I want here in Ontario is not only for us to take advantage of the technological lead that we have – and that's globally recognized – but also to say to our major manufacturers in the auto sector, ‘How can we make sure jobs continue to stay in Ontario, and have more investment come to Ontario?' Because this is the place you want to be,” Del Duca says, “especially in the North American context – for automated, connected vehicles of the future.”
Set the Vehicle Controls, Then Go to Sleep
Kirk notes the current project is particularly useful because it includes autonomous technology for mobile homes.
“In the future, being able to get into a mobile home, get into bed and have the (the mobile home) drive you someplace while you're sleeping sounds wonderful as a vision.”
He predicts the next few decades primarily will see the advent of self-driving taxis while human drivers eventually will be rendered obsolete.
What experts need to consider for the future, Kirk says, is how the shift from human-driven to fully automated cars should be structured. He questions whether partial automation is even a phase to be considered, as previous tests by Google and Tesla have shown humans are not consistently alert monitors of vehicles of which they are not fully in control.
“Let's fast-forward to 2030 when the data is in,” he says. “If computers really are much safer drivers than silly, stupid humans, is it ethical to allow humans to keep driving and cause all that death and carnage on the road, when there is a better and safer technology alternative?
“At what point in time will we have to ban human drivers?”
Server merge
Last week GF removed their new servers "Grendal", "Padmarashka", "Fregion" and "Miren", which means that all character of that servers were moved to one of the old ones.
This forced me to move all character of the new servers to one of the old one aswell.
I did move the characters to the following server:
Fregion (DE) --> Thor (DE)
Grendal (EN) --> Antriksha (EN)
Padmarashka (FR) --> Hyperion (FR)
Miren (PL) --> Barus (PL)
Thats the same order GF did.
In some cases, there was already a character with the same name on the old server which lead to a name conflict. In that case, I did rename the character of the new server with a random string and then moved it.
Since I don't how GF moves the characters to the new servers internally, I can't assure that your character will have the same unique ID.
That means: If you transfer the server, you COULD lose your character profile on pve ranks eventhough your character was verified. We will see it in the next weeks.
What I am sure about is:
If your character was on one of the closed servers and not verified with aiDPS until now, you won't be able to rename it and this character profile can't be updated anymore.
Furthermore I had to change the rules for the character creation of uploads.
Due to some trolls which uploaded sessions with fake names, I deactivated the character creation for the session creator of ARM sessions. This only applies to EU uploads. (If you want to upload a session with ARM, make sure your own character already exists on the website)
The aiDPS upload will take care of server transfers now. If a character transfered to another server and already existed on the website, it will be moved to the new server.
Best regardsWirk
At the beginning of the decade, with rising inequality weighing on the North American mind, two researchers brought out an in-depth report about the economic splintering of Canada's most “livable” city, concluding that the once-cohesive, middle-class metropolis was now really three cities, stratified by wealth. “The middle-income city of the 1970s has become the polarized city of the 2000s,” they wrote.
Vancouver, Canada's most “livable” city, is in reality three cities stratified by wealth, according to a report written by two University of British Columbia geographers. They found that the city's middle-income areas had shrunk, while its rich and poor areas had grown. ( CHUCK STOODY / The Canadian Press file photo )
If the diagnosis sounds familiar to Torontonians, the city in question might come as a surprise: the study was about Vancouver. “Divisions and Disparities in Lotus-Land,” written by University of British Columbia geographers David Ley and Nicholas Lynch, found that Vancouver's middle-income areas had shrunk, while its rich and poor areas had grown. While roughly the same thing has been written about Toronto, the problems of division and inequality are not unique to the GTA. Indeed, a combination of structural forces in the economy and fiscal policies at the national and provincial level have made practically all North American cities more unequal and divided in the last 40 years, researchers say. If the wounds haven't been self-inflicted, they suggest, the cure to our urban fracturing may have to be administered by others, too. That insight has at least one unlikely proponent: David Hulchanski, the University of Toronto researcher whose landmark “Three Cities” study sounded the alarm about growing economic polarization in Toronto.
Article Continued Below
“What you're looking at has nothing much to do with the cities themselves,” Hulchanski said in a November interview. “These are big, macro-level trends.” With the exception of Montreal, all major Canadian cities have followed the same general path as Toronto in the past 40 years, he notes. For example, the proportion of low-income neighbourhoods in Vancouver, Calgary and Toronto has grown at roughly the same rate since 1970, as have their proportion of high-income areas, according to research by the Cities Centre at U of T. (Calgary's oil-fuelled boom-and-bust cycle makes its progression somewhat choppier, but the trend line is the same.) Of course, Toronto's divisions aren't just economic but also geographic. But growing geographic concentrations of wealth and poverty are also endemic to most other North America metros. Income maps of Vancouver paint a stark picture of rising prosperity in the northern and western parts of the city, and increasing poverty to the south and east. Since 1970, 22 per cent of Vancouver's census tracts have seen individual incomes fall by more than 15 per cent, relative to the growth of the metropolitan average.
Most of Winnipeg's poorest neighbourhoods, meanwhile — also its most heavily aboriginal — are concentrated downtown, while affluent areas spread to the southwest. In the U.S., Hulchanski notes, the sorting of rich and poor into distinct geographic enclaves has been happening for longer, but has accelerated in the past four decades. Chicago's south side, for example, has been plunged into destitution since 1970, while the rich core has expanded.
Article Continued Below
Across the U.S., cities have begun splitting into roughly the same shape that Toronto has taken: high-income earners moving back downtown and the poor settling in the inner suburbs. “There is a problem in the United States where cities are marginalizing middle- to lower-class people to the outer fringes,” said Michael Seman, an urban planning researcher at the University of North Texas. Indeed, a U.S.-wide study by Richard Florida of the Martin Prosperity Institute found that the Toronto pattern of inequality was the country's most common. “Each city and metro area in our analysis has pronounced clusters of the creative class in and around the urban core,” he wrote in a September report, using his pet term for well-off university graduates working in fields from medicine to journalism. “It is most pronounced in post-industrial metros like San Francisco, Boston, Washington, D.C., and New York. But it is also evident in some form in every metro . . .” In an interview, Florida — who works at U of T's Rotman School of Management — insisted that Canada is a long way from being as economically split as the U.S. “None of Canada's cities are as divided as (America's) most divided large metros, or even its least divided,” he said. Indeed, Toronto's 2009 Gini coefficient, a common measure of income inequality, was slightly higher (0.42) than Vancouver and Calgary (0.40), but lower than Seattle, Dallas, Chicago, San Francisco, Boston, Los Angeles and New York. Still, we shouldn't take too much credit, Florida says. He points out that mayors ranging from New York's conservative Rudy Giuliani to Toronto's progressive David Miller presided over the same polarization in their respective cities. “Look at a dear friend of mine, Ken Livingstone,” Florida continued, referring to the former left-wing mayor of London. “People called him Red Ken, suggested he was a communist. London is a far more polarized and segmented city than Toronto and even New York.” Urban rifts are caused by structural factors in the economy — particularly the decline of North American manufacturing — not municipal politics, Florida argues. “Just as our labour market is divided, so are our communities divided,” he said. David Hulchanski agrees that when it comes to long-term inequality and polarization, cities are not in control of their destinies. But he ascribes more influence to federal and provincial budget cuts, which he believes have helped impoverish large swaths of Toronto. The main culprits, in his telling, are Mike Harris and Paul Martin — respectively Ontario's Progressive Conservative premier from 1995 to 2002, and Canada's Liberal finance minister during most of the 1990s. Both politicians slashed social programs, including funds for affordable housing, in the name of balanced budgets. “It took us 20 years, year by year, to create the problem,” Hulchanski said. “No city could do all that to itself in a short period of time.”
Read more about:
Scientists in Kenya are fitting radio collars on elephants to help secure the "corridors" they use between national parks, part of a conservation drive that has seen the nation's elephant population double within the last 35 years.
"The purpose for collaring the elephants is that will provide information on its movements across this landscape," said Steve Jumbe, head of programs in East Africa for the conservation body International Fund for Animal Welfare.
"Those movements will define critical corridors and dispersal areas that the elephants use ... so that we can secure [these areas.]"
Conservationists used a combination of helicopters, four-wheel-drive vehicles and elders from the local Masaai tribe to track the elephants across the grass savannah.
Two more elephants were fitted with collars Wednesday, making a total of 14 elephants being tracked under the program. Both were darted outside the limits of Amboseli National Park in southern Kenya, in areas where herders were grazing livestock, underscoring the potential for conflict with humans.
Elephants also often raid crops and farms as they migrate between parks, angering villagers who rely on their produce to feed their families.
But tracking data from the IFAW project showed elephants could be deterred by electric fences around farms, suggesting a way for the animals and their human neighbors to live together more peacefully.
The collars can also provide rangers with an early warning if the elephants are straying too close to human habitation.
The Kenya Wildlife Service said elephant numbers had rebounded to 32,000 from a low of 16,000 in 1989, the year that the world conservation body CITES banned sales of ivory from African elephants.
Kenya's Wildlife Service was set up a year later.
However, elephants remain threatened by poaching and habitat loss.
Lost in the shuffle of Thursday's happenings, was this interesting Tweet from ESPN's College GameDay host, Chris Fowler.
It seems that college football's premier Saturday pregame show is going to step outside of the box for its Week 4 broadcast on September 21.
Which begs the question ... might they come to Rutgers?
As Fowler said, the site for next Saturday's show will not be a "traditional hotspot." So that would immediately put next weekend's Rutgers-Arkansas tilt in play, one might assume. Rutgers has never hosted the show -- in fact, a Big East (now American Athletic) Conference school hasn't hosted the show since West Virginia in 2011 -- which could put it in the running. (Though Lee Corso famously donned the Scarlet Knight head for a College GameDay commercial in 2007.)
Plus, there's the added bonus of having the Arkansas game televised on the ESPN family of networks (ABC/ESPN/ESPN2/ESPNU), which could make it an easy tie-in. There's also the close proximity to the network's Bristol, Conn. headquarters, which could make the quick transport and construction of the set easier.
It's a slow weekend for games nationally, as well, with few desirable matchups to pique the public's interest.
The games with the biggest drawing power? Tennessee at Florida and Michigan State at Notre Dame. Both of which work in the favor of Rutgers-Arkansas, because the SEC is hosting this coming Saturday (Alabama at Texas A&M) and Notre Dame was involved in last Saturday's site (Notre Dame at Michigan). And while SEC fatigue might go against the Rutgers-Arkansas game, remember this: The Razorbacks have only been featured on College GameDay twice — hosting in 2006 and as part of the 2011 Sugar Bowl in the 2010 season.
But does going off the grid, mean Rutgers or somewhere else?
It's entirely possible that ESPN could choose a FCS school, considering the successes those teams have had in the first two weeks against FBS schools. But even some of the matchups featuring top-ranked FCS schools next weekend are weak. No. 1-ranked North Dakota State hosts Delaware State, No. 2 Eastern Washington is on bye and No. 3 Montana State is on the road at Stephen F. Austin. (Plus, ESPN runs the risk of one of those teams losing this weekend and ruining any potential subplots of going to the site.)
According to an ESPN spokesperson, the host site is decided upon by a small group of people at the network, who monitor possible venues a few weeks out. Sites are added or taken off as storylines and the season develops or if something becomes so compelling that it can't be ignored. Schools don't invite ESPN and are only notified once the network decides to host the show there.
Or ESPN could take the game to a FCS site where records aren't part of the reason for going and end up at an Ivy League school. Don't laugh: College GameDay went to Philadelphia in 2002 for the Penn-Harvard game and Corso wore a Ben Franklin costume for much of the program. That was the first time the show had gone to a FCS (then 1-AA) school, with the second time being in 2008 for the Florida A&M-Hampton game. ESPN went to Division III for the first time in 2007, for the Williams-Amherst game.
It has never gone to a Division II game, but again, going there next weekend would likely be incumbent on records and results.
That leaves only a few possibilities left. Is one of those Rutgers-Arkansas next week?
Maybe.
We'll find out on Saturday morning when ESPN's College GameDay goes live from College Station, Texas.
***
So, if it's staying in the Division I ranks, where might it go? Here are our best bets:
##UPDATE, 12:27 p.m.: Fowler has tweeted that BYU-Utah is not in the running, as is Idaho-Washington State##
Arkansas at Rutgers
3:30 p.m.
ABC/ESPN/ESPN2/ESPNU
Yes, it might: First-time site in Piscataway and a game with nationally-recognizable teams.
No, it won't: SEC fatigue. An SEC team has been involved in the site game 15 of the last 43 regular-season shows.
Likelihood: 45%
Houston vs. Rice
3 p.m.
FSN Network
Yes, it might: Bayou Bucket Classic is an understated, cross-city rivalry in college football.
No, it won't: Not enough sizzle. Plus, the game is on a regional Fox channel.
Likelihood: 30%
Michigan at Connecticut
TBA
ABC/ESPN/ESPN2/ESPNU
Yes, it might: Super-easy for ESPN. Rentschler Field is 30 minutes from Bristol, Conn.
No, it won't: UConn is down this year and Michigan was on the show a week ago.
Likelihood: 20%
Columbia at Fordham
1 p.m.
No TV
Yes, it might: Just about as outside-of-the-box as you can get. Plus, the show's never been to New York City.
No, it won't: College GameDay set would look much cooler on Columbia's campus, than Fordham's.
Likelihood: 15%
US House and Senate Democrats in July introduced the most expansive LGBTQ civil rights bill ever. And on Tuesday, President Barack Obama announced he supported it.
The Equality Act would effectively expand the Civil Rights Act, originally passed in 1964, to protect people from discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in the workplace, housing, public accommodations (hotels, stores, and similar public places), education, and various other settings. It also expands public accommodations protections to prohibit sex discrimination, and strengthens other, existing protections in public accommodations.
But the proposal faces tough odds in a Republican-dominated Congress, which has shown no interest in bills that would protect LGBTQ people from discrimination in the workplace and education — much less a more comprehensive bill that includes LGBTQ protections in practically all settings covered by federal law.
Federal and most state laws don't explicitly protect LGBTQ people from discrimination. According to the Human Rights Campaign, most states don't include sexual orientation and gender identity in existing civil rights statutes that generally ban discrimination in the workplace, housing, and public accommodations, and 37 states don't include both in laws that ban discrimination in education.
31 states don't ban discrimination against sexual orientation and gender identity in the workplace
Most states don't ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in the workplace, housing, or public accommodations.
As a result, more than half of LGBTQ Americans, according to the LGBTQ advocacy group Movement Advancement Project, live in a state where, under state law, an employer can legally fire someone because he's gay, a landlord can legally evict someone because she's lesbian, and a hotel manager can legally deny service to someone who's transgender — for no reason other than the person's sexual orientation or gender identity.
Currently, 19 states ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, while three additional states ban discrimination based on sexual orientation. Some other states protect public but not private employees from discrimination. Many municipalities have nondiscrimination laws that only apply within their local borders, even in states that don't have such laws. And some companies prohibit discrimination in their own policies.
The protections can further vary from state to state. Massachusetts's protections for gender identity and Utah's protections for sexual orientation and gender identity don't apply to public accommodations. Some states also include exemptions for discrimination based on religious grounds. Enforcement varies, as well: Depending on the state, private lawsuits, fines, and jail time are all possible forms of punishment for discrimination.
37 states don't ban discrimination against all LGBTQ people in education
Other civil right laws also protect students from harassment and discrimination in K-12 public schools — but these are typically separate from measures that ban discrimination in the workplace, housing, and public accommodations. Thirteen states have education laws that ban discrimination based on their sexual orientation and gender identity, while Wisconsin protects students from discrimination based on sexual orientation but not gender identity. So in a majority of states, LGBTQ students have no explicit legal protections in schools.
Protections for LGBTQ people build on landmark civil rights laws
Nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQ people build on existing federal and state laws — most notably the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Fair Housing Act, which protect people from discrimination based on their race, color, national origin, religion, and sex.
"The whole point was to say that black people ought to be able to drive to Mississippi from New York and have a place to stay, or get a meal at a restaurant," Robin Wilson of the University of Illinois said of the landmark federal laws. "Over time, we added protected classes to that — people with disabilities in some states, for example."
Some LGBTQ advocates argue that legal prohibitions against sex discrimination already protect LGBTQ people. But that interpretation hasn't been affirmed by higher courts, casting uncertainty over whether it would hold up in a legal dispute.
The uncertainty is why advocates want explicit legal protections for LGBTQ people: New state or federal laws that add sexual orientation and gender identity to nondiscrimination protections would remove any doubt about the reach of laws like the Civil Rights Act, Fair Housing Act, Title IX, and state statutes that prohibit sex discrimination in their public accommodations protections. (Federal public accommodations laws don't currently shield against sex discrimination — only discrimination based on race, color, national origin, and religion.)
"There's no substitute for being explicitly listed in the law," Ian Thompson, LGBTQ legislative director at the American Civil Liberties Union, said. "I also think it's a very powerful statement to see that it is the law of the land that discrimination against individuals because of their sexual orientation or gender identity is wrong and illegal."
Studies show civil rights laws reduce discrimination
The research on nondiscrimination protections is limited, but a 2013 series of studies by Laura Barron of the US Air Force Management Policy Division and Michelle Hebl of Rice University found laws that ban workplace discrimination appear to decrease discrimination based on sexual orientation.
Researchers conducted three studies. The first looked at awareness of civil rights laws. The second looked at discrimination toward gay or lesbian job applicants in neighboring cities with and without nondiscrimination protections. And the third placed people in mock interviews to see whether they were less likely to discriminate against a gay or lesbian applicant if they thought local laws banned it.
CIVIL RIGHTS LAWS AUTHORITATIVELY SET THE MORALS OF A COMMUNITY
Across the board, the studies found nondiscrimination laws reduce signs of prejudice. People in places with existing nondiscrimination laws were more likely to be aware of the protections, and they were less likely to discriminate. Among the 229 participants in the mock interviews, those who believed a local law prohibited discrimination were also less likely to discriminate, based on metrics that gauged negativity toward gay and lesbian people.
The reason civil rights laws are effective, Barron and Hebl suggested, isn't necessarily that people fear the punishment of the law — but rather that civil rights laws authoritatively set the morals of a community. "[T]hese effects occur because anti-discrimination legislation can create social norms that govern what is acceptable and unacceptable behaviors to display toward stigmatized individuals," the researchers wrote.
While Barron and Hebl's studies may be the best research to date, it has some gaps. The researchers only looked at workplace discrimination, not housing or public accommodations, and sexual orientation, not gender identity. The authors also didn't look at the effect of punishments attached to nondiscrimination laws — for example, whether tougher fines or the threat of jail time could further reduce discrimination.
Most Americans think LGBTQ people are already protected under the law
Surveys show that most Americans widely support nondiscrimination protections, but a major hurdle to getting the laws passed may be that Americans already think they're in place.
In a 2014 poll from YouGov and the Huffington Post, 62 percent of respondents said it was already illegal under federal law to fire someone for being gay or lesbian, 14 percent said it was legal, and 25 percent weren't sure. The same poll found most Americans — 76 percent — said it should be illegal to fire someone for being gay or lesbian, while just 12 percent said it should be legal.
The YouGov and Huffington Post poll isn't the first to find strong support for civil rights protections for LGBTQ people. A 2014 survey commissioned by HRC, an LGBTQ advocacy group, found 63 percent of US voters favored a federal law that protects LGBTQ people from employment discrimination, while just 25 percent opposed it.
Another poll from Reuters, conducted in April 2015, found 54 percent of Americans said it's wrong for businesses to refuse service to people based on religious beliefs, while 28 percent said businesses should have that right — suggesting that most Americans would disapprove of businesses discriminating against LGBTQ people on such grounds.
For LGBTQ advocates, the overall results present a tricky situation: Most Americans support nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQ people, but they don't appear to know that these protections aren't currently explicit under the law.
"When people already think these protections are in place," Thompson of the ACLU said, "it can be difficult to work up the motivation that's necessary to push for them."
Democrats suffered their biggest losses last year in blue-collar territory, as Obama's approval ratings with blue-collar white voters plummeted. White voters without a college education voted for Republican House candidates nearly 2 to 1, according to last year's Edison Research exit poll. The party's bulwark of Blue Dog Democrats, many of whom had held onto seats in deeply conservative districts no matter the political climate, collapsed.
While Democrats aren't going to win back many of those seats given the districts' conservative orientation, they're betting that a message decrying income inequality can put some of them in play.
Republicans still hold a healthy edge in support among white voters without a college education--47 percent to 34 percent, according to the latest United Technologies/National Journal Congressional Connection Poll. But their advantage has narrowed significantly since 2010, when they led 63 percent to 33 percent in exit polling. The GOP agenda of spending cuts and entitlement reforms isn't a natural sell with this constituency, which has been hard-hit by the recession.
The Democrats' ability to win back a House majority may well lie with candidates like Brendan Mullen, an Iraq veteran who's running in a working-class, solidly Catholic battleground district in northern Indiana. He's pro-gun and anti-abortion rights, but identifies with the Democratic Party's traditional connection to the working class. Mullen is a convincing representative of the public mood because his biography is authentic to the message he's preaching. He grew up in South Bend and worked for his father's unionized lumberyard, moving Sheetrock and handling deliveries. He attended West Point, went to Army Airborne School and Ranger School, and served in Iraq during the war. He's running for office for the first time.
Mullen is running for the seat being vacated by Rep. Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., one of the few targeted Democrats to survive the 2010 wave. Republicans redrew the lines this year to make the district more favorable for them, but Obama still would have narrowly carried it. Mullen is expected to face Donnelly's 2010 Republican challenger, former state representative Jackie Walorski, an outspoken tea party supporter. If the tide has changed in the Democrats' favor, Mullen should have more than a fighting chance.
Even more than the Massachusetts Senate race, the Indiana contest is shaping up to be a referendum of whether working-class voters identify more with the Occupy Wall Street movement or the tea party. Mullen has close ties to labor and said he feels a connection with the protests taking place across the country.
"The middle class are the ones getting left empty-handed as Wall Street and corporations are getting shored up," Mullen said in an interview, echoing Democratic talking points. Mullen isn't the only Democratic recruit preparing an unabashedly populist campaign. Party officials are optimistic about winning a rural, northeastern Arkansas district that Republicans hadn't carried since Reconstruction--until 2010, when now-Rep. Rick Crawford won the open seat. The district is one of the poorest in the country, and it has one of the lowest concentrations of college-educated whites in the country.
Amanda Bere said she was "taken aback" by the comments A shop selling lingerie for pregnant women has been forced to withdraw a mannequin with a baby bump from its window after it sparked complaints. Amanda Bere opened her shop in Selby, North Yorkshire, eight weeks ago and dressed the dummy in a black nursing bra to promote her stock. But she said many of the town's older residents took offence. The mannequin, which Mrs Bere calls 'Emily', has now been moved to the back of the store. 'Taking a stand' She told BBC Look North: "It started with people looking in the window and making comments outside and they told me their points of view that they found it offensive. "Other shop traders also told me that people were saying to them that it was offensive and that I should cover her up or move her. "So I put a camisole on Emily and someone else made another comment, saying that they could still see the bump, so I put her in the corner of the shop away from the window." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Mrs Bere said she was "a bit taken aback" by the comments. "But I don't want to offend anybody so I moved her. I don't think you would found this [response] in Leeds or York, I don't think anyone would bat an eyelid." Mrs Bere said more people were coming into her shop since she moved the dummy but members of a local breastfeeding group, which she supports, have been angered by the residents' comments. And she said she was considering "taking a stand" by moving the mannequin back into the window. She said: "They [the breastfeeding group] were a bit upset that I moved her because they wanted to see her. "And I am the only shop in Selby that does sell maternity wear and I wanted to show people what I did."
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
EVO 2015
***********************************************************
[ ONLINE REGISTRATION IS CLOSED ] ​
***********************************************************
***********************************************************
Online EVO Registration is closed
You can buy single-day passes on-site but quantity is limited ​
***********************************************************
Pools will take place on Friday, July 17th from 11:00AM.
Top 16 ~ Top 8 will take place on Saturday, July 18th from 12:00PM.
Top 8 will take place on Saturday, July 18th from ~7:00PM. ( Exact time subject to change )
Madcatz will be holding Top 8 from their stage and streaming it on their official twitch channel (twitch.tv/madcatz)!
>>> $1000 guaranteed pot bonus from Autumn Games!!! <<<
Tournament Rules:
- Don't be late.
- Don't talk back.
- Report your win! Don't assume anyone was watching, and don't assume the loser will be honest about telling us you won.
- If you are in a pool or bracket and have not yet been eliminated STAY THERE.
- If you MUST leave, TELL YOUR TOURNAMENT ORGANIZERS. If we cannot find you within a reasonable amount of time, like say five minutes, you will be given a loss.
- All matches except for Grand Finals, Winners Finals, and Losers Finals are 2/3.
- Wireless controllers are allowed but it is strongly recommended that you remove the battery; if you interrupt another match you WILL be disqualified. If a match is interrupted and we cannot find the culprit, wireless controllers will be BANNED FOR EVERYONE from that point onward unless they have their batteries removed. Don't mess it up for everyone else. Yes, this happened before.
- Bring us donuts, water, or other consumables that will help keep us going. PLEASE GO EASY ON THE CANDY/SWEETS. Real food is preferred. <3
More info will be added to this post as it becomes clear/available.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Miguel de Cervantes' book Don Quixote is regarded as the first modern novel
Forensic scientists in Spain have announced plans to search a Madrid convent for the body of the 17th Century author, Miguel de Cervantes.
Ground-penetrating radar will be used to try to locate the remains of the celebrated author of Don Quixote.
Experts say the work of scanning, exhuming and analysing any findings is expected to take several months.
Cervantes, who died in poverty in 1616, is considered one of Spain's most important literary figures.
He has been dubbed the father of the modern novel for writing The Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha, which is reputed to be one of the most widely read and translated books on the planet.
Image copyright AFP Image caption A plaque commemorating Cervantes on the Convent of Trinitarians
Scientists say they will start searching for the famous author in the Convent of Trinitarians, Madrid, on Monday.
He was recorded as having died on 22 April 1616 and was said to have been buried a day later in the convent's church.
The precise location of his burial, however, is not known.
Forensic scientists say the ground and walls of the oldest part of the convent would be the focus of the search, using ground-penetrating equipment to map objects under the earth.
"The radar cannot tell you whether it is the body of the writer, but it can indicate the place of burial," the expert leading the search, Luis Avial, told reporters on Friday.
"The geo-radar can tell us that location... then comes the delicate work," he added, referring to the exhumation and identification process.
The estimated cost of the operation is 100,000 euros ($138,000; £82,352).
CBC has fired marquee host Evan Solomon after the Star reported that he was taking secret commission payments related to art sales involving people he dealt with as a host. “I regret to inform you that CBC News has ended its relationship with Evan Solomon,” executive Jennifer McGuire said in a brief statement issued late Tuesday, a day after the Star presented the findings of its investigation to the network.
Star reporter Kevin Donovan talks about the investigation and Star story that led to the firing of CBC host Evan Solomon.
Solomon, 47, was the Ottawa-based host of Power and Politics on television and The House on CBC radio, and had been one of the people touted to replace Peter Mansbridge on The National when the veteran newsman retires. The Star found Solomon had been brokering the sale of paintings and masks owned by a flamboyant Toronto-area art collector to rich and famous buyers. Solomon, in at least one case, took commissions in excess of $300,000 for several pieces of art and did not disclose to the buyer that he was being paid fees for introducing buyer and seller. The CBC had taken Solomon off the air Monday pending an investigation “over the next couple of days.” That move came after the Star presented the CBC with the results of its probe of Solomon.
Article Continued Below
The network severed its relationship with Solomon on Tuesday without further explanation. McGuire, general manager and editor-in-chief of CBC News and Centres, said in the statement that the network would “be making announcements about the interim hosting of these programs in the next few days.” Among the people to whom Solomon has brokered the sale of paintings are Jim Balsillie, co-founder of Research In Motion (now BlackBerry) and Mark Carney, the former Bank of Canada governor and current governor of the Bank of England. Solomon, as a journalist, has dealt with both men in his high-profile host jobs at the CBC. Carney, who is also a friend, has been a guest on both of Solomon's shows. Solomon met Balsillie while courting him as a journalist two years ago in unsuccessful attempts to get him on CBC to discuss sustainable development and small businesses, as well as Balsillie's role in backing the search for the Franklin expedition ships.
CBC host Evan Solomon was brokering sales of art to wealthy Canadians he dealt with in his journalistic job – including one buyer who had no idea Solomon was collecting a lucrative commission. ( CBC )
Mark Carney, the former Bank of Canada governor and current governor of the Bank of England. ( Getty Images )
In email correspondence between Solomon and art collector Bruce Bailey, Solomon uses code words to disguise the identity of each man: Carney is “the Guv” and Balsillie is “Anka,” the latter an apparent reference to a similarity in looks with singer Paul Anka. In one email exchange from 2014 — after Carney made a purchase — Solomon tells his art collector partner that Carney's international contacts will be very important as they move forward in their attempts to sell more paintings.
Article Continued Below
“Next year in terms of the Guv will be very interesting. He has access to the highest power network in the world,” Solomon writes. In another exchange, this one referring to Balsillie, the CBC host said in an email that “there are other Ankas out there as we build a portfolio. It will be a fun journey.” The CBC code of ethics states that employees “must not use their positions to further their personal interests.” In an interview Monday, Solomon first told the Star that he had no involvement in the art world. “I have never been involved in an art business,” he said. “I have never sold any art to anyone.” When the Star inquired further, Solomon said he was involved but had done nothing wrong. “I have been involved in an art business and it is all disclosed to CBC.” Solomon then said: “I am no longer involved in the business. It is over.” CBC spokesman Chuck Thompson initially said Solomon had disclosed his involvement with an art business sometime in the past two years and that CBC had no concerns. “Evan didn't trade on his journalistic contacts,” Thompson said, explaining Solomon and his wife have long had a personal interest in the art world. “It was made very clear he has to ensure there can be no lines crossed with the journalism.” After the Star provided the CBC with detailed allegations, including a copy of the draft contract between Solomon and the art collector, Thompson told the Star the CBC would look into the matter. Solomon is a two-time Gemini Award winner who came to the CBC in 1994. He was previously the editor-in-chief of Shift, a magazine he co-founded about technology and culture. His job as host of two flagships CBC shows has brought him in constant contact with the movers and shakers on Parliament Hill. He frequently entertains at his Rockcliffe home and is often invited to dinners and events by Ottawa power brokers. To give back to the community, he is involved with the annual Riverkeepers charitable event, which raises money to protect the Ottawa River. Solomon has been friends for many years with Bailey, a well-known patron of the arts who has been referred to in social circles as Canada's “Gatsby,” a nod to the wealthy and popular character of the F. Scott Fitzgerald novel The Great Gatsby. Bailey is known for his generosity and love of a good party, many of which he has hosted over the years. Bailey wanted to part with some of his pieces, including paintings and ceremonial masks. His large collection includes works by Kim Dorland and Peter Doig. In the summer of 2013, and into the fall, Solomon was trying to land an on-air interview with Balsillie on CBC. Balsillie had received a federal appointment to chair an initiative to help small and medium-sized companies bring sustainable technologies to market. Balsillie was also a key figure in the Arctic mission to find the ships from the ill-fated 1846 Franklin expedition. There were calls and emails back and forth. For example, on Oct. 1, 2013, Solomon asked if Balsillie would “come on” his show to discuss a Franklin mission announcement. Balsillie was not available. On Oct. 22, Solomon emailed Bailey and told him they should finalize their contract because Jim Balsillie, known for having an interest in art, would be coming the following week to Ottawa, where Solomon lives. “Hey Bruce, hope all is well today. Jim called me this morning and he is coming to Ottawa on Monday and wants to get together and he wants to talk art. So I think we should finalize our arrangement and get going as he wants to move fast. I've drawn up an agreement here based on your idea of 10 per cent,” Solomon wrote. That day Bailey and Solomon arrived at a business arrangement, which is set out in contract form and referred to by Solomon in subsequent emails to Bailey. Solomon is described in a draft of the contract between the two men in this way:
Evan Solomon, 47, was the Ottawa-based host of Power and Politics on television and The House on CBC radio. ( CBC )
Read more about:
Ever since 1997, when, according to detailed Indian police investigations, pseudo- monks who infiltrated to Dharamsala from China murdered the Venerable Lobsang Gyatso, a noted lama close to the Dalai Lama, and his two young disciples, the cult of the Dolgyal-Shugden spirit has been on the attack. The well-evidenced culprits were not tried as they escaped back into Tibet and China, but the cult continued its campaign at the behest of, and with substantial funding from, the United Front department of the People's Republic of China, the agency handling relations with non-Chinese "minority nationalities." The futile effort of the cult backed by the agency seeks to alienate Tibetans from the Dalai Lama, their beloved leader and even to turn world public opinion against the acclaimed Nobel Laureate and Gandhi heir. The final aim is to disrupt the Dalai Lama's fifty-year-long nonviolent "truth and justice" campaign, to free the six million Tibetan people to be themselves in the special autonomous minority region offered them by the Chinese constitution, so far only on paper.
The cult and agency attack campaign is futile since its main claims are so easy to refute:
1) The worship of their chosen deity was not "banned" by the Dalai Lama, since he has no authority to "ban" what Tibetan Buddhists practice. "Banning" and "excommunicating" are not Tibetan Buddhist procedures.
Although they are Buddhists who should focus on emulating the Buddha, members of the cult are free to worship their chosen "protector deity," whom they call Dorje Shugden, as much as they like. The young Dalai Lama himself did propitiate it as a minor worldly spirit or angel, until he studied the history of its cult and decided it was not a protector at all, but instead a mischievous "king" spirit known as Dolgyal ("king demon from Dol"). Once his historical studies brought him to that conclusion, he recommended that other lamas in his school cease their relationship, or at least keep it to themselves, since its liturgy contains condemnation of the minority sects of Tibetan Buddhism and of non-Buddhist religions. In the late 80s', when certain individual lamas began to proselytize its cult, inducting even Western practitioners new to Buddhism, especially in England, he took the step of asking such persons to refrain from attending his initiations and associated advanced teachings, on the grounds that they were not following his advice and so should not take him as their teacher. They then went on the attack, claiming they had been "banned" and "excommunicated," etc., when in fact the Dalai Lama was exercising his religious freedom by not accepting students who reject his advice, and actually go so far as to condemn him!
2) The cult of Dolgyal Shugden is that of a minor angel or demon, and never has been mainstream, To claim that "four million" people belong to it, or even "millions," is untrue.
3) The members of the cult do not come from numerous Tibetan sects, but exclusively from the super-orthodox fundamentalists of the majority Gelukpa sect or order.
4) The Dalai Lama has never asked anyone to persecute anyone, and members of the cult who mind their own business and do not attack the Dalai Lama are not bothered by other Tibetans. Those who do attack the Dalai Lama with outrageous name-calling--"dictator," "false lama," even "demon," and "liar," etc., naturally do provoke the vast majority of Tibetans, who adore their Dalai Lama. The Dalai Lama himself has never approved of either the provocations or any harsh responses, and remains steadfast in his adherence to nonviolence in principle and practice.
5) The whole fuss would have died down long ago except for the fact that the "hard-line" operatives of the "United Front Work Department" of the People's Republic of China, the agency in charge of dealing with China's "minority nationalities," sees the cult as a potential wedge they hope to drive between the Dalai Lama and his people and between him and world opinion. They therefore fund the leaders of the cult in Tibet, Mongolia, India and the West, and provide them the means to carry on their expensive propaganda campaigns. Evidence for this is very plain on the surface. For example, the so-called "Panchen Lama" reincarnation, whom the Communist party chiefs appointed after abducting and disappearing the five year old boy properly chosen in the traditional way by a committee of his monastery with approval of the Dalai Lama, is shown on the internet in various photographs sitting in front of a large icon of Dolgyal Shugden, as a sign of aggressive defiance of the Dalai Lama. The obvious fact is that the clearly stated purpose of the cult and the United Front agency of the PRC is to try to prove to the world that the Dalai Lama is not as nice as we all think, but is a bad, even "evil," person.
Whatever one believes about the reality of fierce angels or demons, it is clear that the leaders of the Dolgyal Shugden cult have done nothing over the last 30 years but cause trouble, both to their own followers and to the unity of the Tibetan people, both in exile and in Tibet. It has benefited no one except those misguided operatives in the Chinese government who wish to destroy Tibetan Buddhist culture, in order to assimilate systematically deracinated Tibetans into becoming second class Chinese citizens, and thus, through such a policy of crushing the identities and even lives of the "minority nationality" Tibetans, to secure forever their claim to the vast territories and resources of the Tibetan plateau. But as we have seen all over the world--and as aware persons can attest here in America with our still very much present First Americans--history never does end, people do not give up their distinctive identities, and truth and justice inevitably arise from the ashes of even genocidal flames.
Willows cultivated for green energy can yield five times more biofuel if they grow diagonally, compared with those that grow naturally straight up.
This effect had been observed in the wild and in plantations around the UK, but scientists were previously unable to explain why some willows produced more biofuel than others.
Now British researchers have identified a genetic trait that causes this effect and is activated in some trees when they sense they are at an angle, such as where they are blown sideways in windy conditions.
The effect creates an excess of strengthening sugar molecules in the willows' stems, which attempt to straighten the plant upwards. These high-energy sugars are fermented into biofuels when the trees are harvested in a process that currently needs to be more efficient before it can rival the production of fossil fuels.
Willow is cultivated widely across the UK, destined to become biofuels for motor vehicles, heating systems and industry. The researchers say that in the future all willow crops could be bred for this genetic trait, making them a more productive and greener energy source.
The study was led by Dr Nicholas Brereton and Dr Michael Ray, both from the Department of Life Sciences at Imperial College London, who worked with researchers at Rothamsted Research, and the University of the Highlands and Islands' Agronomy Institute (at Orkney College UHI). The study is published in the journal Biotechnology for Biofuels.
We are very excited about these results – Dr Angela Karp BBSRC
Dr Brereton said: "We've known for some time that environmental stresses can cause trees to naturally develop a slightly modified 'reaction wood' and that it can be easier to release sugars from this wood. This is an important breakthrough, our study now shows that natural genetic variations are responsible for these differences and this could well be the key to unlocking the future for sustainable bioenergy from willow.”
The researchers conducted a trial in controlled laboratory conditions on a rooftop in central London at the Gro-dome facility at Imperial's South Kensington Campus. They cultivated some willows at an angle of 45 degrees, and looked for any genetic differences between these plants and those allowed to grow naturally straight upwards.
The team then looked for the same effect with willows growing in natural conditions on Orkney Island, off the northern-most coast of Scotland, where winds are regularly so strong that the trees are constantly bent over at severe angles. Their measurements confirmed that the willows here could release five times more sugar than identical trees grown in more sheltered conditions at Rothamsted Research in the south of the UK.
Dr Angela Karp at Rothamsted Research who leads the BBSRC-funded BSBEC-BioMASS project said: “We are very excited about these results because they show that some willows respond more to environmental stresses, such as strong winds, by changing the composition of their wood in ways that are useful to us. As breeders this is good news because it means we could improve willow by selecting these types from the huge diversity in our collections”.
This work forms part of the BBSRC Sustainable Bioenergy Centre (BSBEC) where it is linked with other programmes aimed at improving the conversion of biomass to fuels. Coupled with work at Rothamsted Research, where the National Willow Collection is held, the new results will help scientists to grow biofuel crops in climatically challenging conditions where the options for growing food crops are limited, therefore minimising conflicts of food versus fuel.
Angus MacLane that calls himself CubeDude on flickr, creates famous movie characters by only using Lego. Here you can see his collection.
RoboCop , a famous 80's police robot and Mel Gibson as Mad Max from 1979 Australian movie.
Terminator 2 movie, Arnold Swarzenegger as T-800 and his main enemy Robert Patrick T-1000.
Jeffrey “The Dude” Lebowski, a fictional character in the 1998 film The Big Lebowski portrayed by Jeff Bridges and Shaun of the Dead with Simon Pegg.
Predator and its movie sequel Predator 2.
Pee-wee Herman and HarrisonFord as most famous archaeologist Indiana Jones.
Ashley J. “Ash” Williams is the protagonist in the Evil Dead horror movie and Paul Atreides, a character from Dune universe.
R2D2 and C3PO from Star Wars, the most recognized robots (droids) in the film industry.
Princess Leia Organa Solo, Crown Princess of Alderaan and Imperial Stormtrooper a soldier from George Lucas' Star Wars universe.
Obi-Wan Kenobi, an enigmatic Jedi Master and Emperor also knowns as Palpatine.
Chewbacca, nicknamed Chewie, a Wookiee character in the Star Wars franchise, and Han Solo.
Batman, a comic book superhero and his partner Robin. Batman and Robin is also pronounced as the worst movie of all time.
Mr and Mrs Incredibles , from a famous 2004 animated superhero film.
Who you gonna call? Ghostbusters!
King Kong, a giant and most famous movie gorilla, and Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, a fictional mascot from the Ghostbusters franchise.
Buzz Lightyear, a space ranger from Toy Story and most famous superhero of them all, Superman.
“Hi-yo, Silver, away!”, like The Lone Raner would famously say, and Bruce Willis as John McClane from the Die Hard series.
2010 Best film oscar winning, The Hurt Locker, and the 20 years older movie, Total Recall, with Arnie.
The Beast of the Apocalypse aka Hellboy, and Marvel character from 2003 movie Daredevill, played by Ben Affleck.
Fastest superhero of all – Flash, and the human with spider skills, famous comic and movie character, Spider-Man.
A cultural icon, movie star, kung fu master – Bruce Lee
Colonel Miles Quaritch and Jake Sully from 2009 epic sci-fi movie Avatar.
Others have also done similar things, like this student that has used lego to create something that looks like real fire.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Donald Trump stepped into deep water on Day 1 of his administration and has been piling on false claims faster than anyone can dig out of them. The Bush administration claimed to invent new realities daily but Trump is making those claims look like chump change.
Trump tweeted last night:
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! pic.twitter.com/BNSLvKiEVj — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 6, 2017
As Guantanamo prosecutor Col. Morris Davis put it,
How delusional is @realDonaldTrump / @POTUS to believe that what's sweeping across America is "an incredible sense of optimism?" pic.twitter.com/6Yqvxqk0T9 — Col. Morris Davis (@ColMorrisDavis) March 7, 2017
In fact, what Donald Trump calls a ‘spirit of optimism' sweeping the country is actually a wave of bullsh*t.
And it is working for the same reason it worked for the Bush administration, because, as Brandolini's Law states,
“The amount of energy needed to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than to produce it.”
If it is not lies about what other people have done, like President Obama wiretapping him, then it is false claims about what he has done, like creating jobs he had no part in creating, or, also from Davis:
“@realDonaldTrump promise of ‘insurance for everybody' turns out to be a bait-and-switch just like pipelines built with American steel. SAD!”
And not only that, as a GOP aide points out that Trump's wiretapping claims provided a helpful distraction for the GOP's Obamacare repeal and it's appalling no insurance alternative.
Bullsh*t like the promise of “something special” in his Obamacare replacement, which turned out to be no actual healthcare but big tax breaks for insurance companies.
Talk is cheap, and Republicans have been getting by on the cheap for years. Trump only picked up the ball and ran with it like a pro.
As Erick Erickson described it, “The GOP replacement plan will jack up rates so high on senior citizens, they won't even need death panels.” Yeah, it's not a spirit of optimism you're smelling.
And then there is Ben Carson with the claim that slaves were actually some new species of immigrant, only packed like sardines and chained to the cargo holds. Next, we'll learn that was just an early experiment in “economy class.”
As Twitter wit John Fugelsang quipped,
Ben Carson has just about had it with all this negative revisionist history by liberals & the media about the Fugitive Slave Act. — John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) March 7, 2017
Or, as singer-songwriter Ricky Davila put it,
No Ben Carson, slaves were not immigrants. I'm starting to think he did brain surgery on himself and failed. Wow. pic.twitter.com/jGrJdpjw5C — Ricky Davila (@TheRickyDavila) March 6, 2017
But hey, Carson says he can zap 60-year-old memories out of your brains too and experts say that is just as impossible as slaves being immigrants.
Given the quality of work we're used to seeing from Republicans, we can safely say Davila hit that one out of the park.
Fake news and alternative facts are no longer sufficient to describe what we are hearing out of this administration. Andy Borowitz wrote in The New Yorker back in February that Trump complained, “the press has consistently refused to report the voices he hears in his head every day.”
The trouble is, those voices have been given form and like a biblical apocalypse, they're rolling like a tsunami of excrement over our country.
They could be stopped at their source in the Oval Office except for greedy Republicans willing to sell their souls for their long-sought-after conservative agenda of screwing over the poor for the sake of the wealthy.
Edie Brickell used to sing that we should “shove her into shallow water” but it was already too late for her, and it's too late for Donald Trump. It's up to his neck, and we can only hope he drowns in it before we do.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
A DANGEROUS dog that was due to be put down has been saved after it met and fell in love with a GOOSE.
Rex the German Shepherd had such a vicious nature that it took two people to feed him - one to distract him and one to throw a bowl of food into his enclosure. He ate wild rabbits that roamed anywhere near him and barked and growled at anyone who came close and staff at the resuce centre where he was homed were coming close to making the decision to put him down. But all that changed when Geraldine the goose walked into his life. Rex, 11, fell in love with the goose and his temperament has calmed - saving him from a likely death.
“They are very affectionate and he's always licking her head and kissing her” Sheila Brislin Now the unlikely pairing have become completely inseparable, and do everything together. Sheila Brislin, who runs the Puriton Horse and Animal Rescue, near Bridgwater, Somerset, said: "It's so comical to see them because they love each other to bits. "She just runs around alongside him all day long and whenever we take him for a walk in the woods she has to come too. "They are very affectionate and he's always licking her head and kissing her. "She snuggles into him and they sleep together every night."
It was first feared that Rex would bite off Geraldine's head for straying into his territory, but the fearless goose took him under her wing and it was at this point that love blossomed. Sheila added: "Normally any bird that crossed his path would have been eaten by now, he's that kind of dog, but not Geraldine. "I've been doing rescue work since 1997 and seen all kinds of strange animal behaviour, but I've never seen anything like this." However, Geraldine may be Rex's new love but there is another woman who is NOT happy about it.
01 - Six Minute City
02 - Photon Pulse
03 - Expressions Of The Expressionless
04 - Zero Point Field
05 - Grain Season
06 - Sonic Zen (Album Mix)
07 - A Walk In The Park
08 - Interlude
09 - Dub Satchel
10 - The Wisdom Cube
11 - Digital Alchemy
12 - The Wisdom Cube (QRX Minimal Dub Remix)
Six Minute City is a full-length downtempo and psychedelic dub album produced and mastered by Modcam (Cameron Gaut), a talented musician and artist based in the Pacific Northwest. Originally released in 2008 on Spectral Onyx (Modcam's own netlabel), it is now available for free download courtesy of Elephant Head Records. Expect to hear deep dubby soundscapes, cinematic atmospheres, glitchy percussion, and enchanting melodies over the course of 12 expansive journeys into magical realms of chill out and ambient.
MP3 Download | FLAC Download | WAV Download · Download count: 13,888.
Re-released under a Creative Commons licence for noncommercial usage. Presumably the CD version is still available for purchase from CDBaby. A message from the artist:
“Between cities and nature, this music emerges, intertwining the technological with the natural. Beneath the electronic pulses that breathe life into machinery lay wires rooted in the Earth. This was part of the vision that propelled this music into creation. It was made with intention because music is more than a hobby, it is a way of life; it is a reflection of who I am. Everything you hear on this disc was created with utmost attention to every detail. Each song is different from the next, and like everything in nature, patterns emerge and cycles evolve in each piece. Though I made this album for myself, it is my hope that you enjoy these songs as much as I did while creating them.”
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser. Be sure to activate Flash in your browser; it is usually disabled by default in Chrome and other modern browsers.
This August 2015 photo shows three of four partners in Oregrown Industries, Aviv Hadar, from left, Justin Crawn and Hunter Neubauer. Neubauer was named to the board of directors by Bend Chamber of Commerce members in October. (Ryan Brennecke / Bulletin file photo) 6986195
This August 2015 photo shows three of four partners in Oregrown Industries, Aviv Hadar, from left, Justin Crawn and Hunter Neubauer. Neubauer was named to the board of directors by Bend Chamber of Commerce members in October. (Ryan Brennecke / Bulletin file photo) - Bulletin
A- A+
By Joseph Ditzler The Bulletin
The Bend Chamber of Commerce elected a marijuana business owner to the board of directors in October, one of the first, if not the first, in Oregon to do so.
Bend chamber board member Hunter Neubauer is co-owner of Oregrown, which owns an 84-acre farm and processing plant near Tumalo and a retail shop on NW Wall Street in Bend. Neubauer, 34, served a one-year term this year, appointed in 2016 by board Chairman Rob Moore, president and co-founder of Arbor Mortgage in Bend.
Bend chamber president Katy Brooks said Neubauer was nominated for a term in 2018 and recommended by a chamber subcommittee for the ballot. He was elected Oct. 24, along with Lisa Hale of Grace Bio Labs, Alan Dietrich of Bendistillery, Travis Ulrich of Webfoot Painting and Coby Horton of U.S. Bank. The election is mostly a consensus-gathering measure; only five nominees are put forward and all five rise to board seats.
Neubauer “is fully engaged in the community in many, many ways,” Brooks said. “He's a savvy advocate at the state level as well as the local level. He understands the business community as a whole.”
A search of chamber of commerce websites in Oregon found few cannabis businesses as members and none as board members.
Neubauer declined to comment for this story. An outspoken advocate for legal cannabis, he served on the Recreational Marijuana Rules Advisory Committee, a group formed by the Oregon Liquor Control Commission to help draw up regulations for legalized marijuana. He appeared in February before the state House Revenue Committee to oppose an increase on the local marijuana sales tax on behalf of the Oregon Cannabis Association. He also took part in discussions before the Deschutes County Commission and served on a county advisory panel on marijuana and land-use regulation.
Neither Brooks nor Moore said they knew of any resistance to Neubauer becoming a chamber board member.
“No doubt there are still many opinions about his involvement,” Brooks said. “At the end of the day, the board decided that this is a legal industry, this is a person dedicated to making the community better as a business person and it also provided an opportunity to see an industry that none of us has been exposed to.”
Chamber of commerce brings to mind a conservative organization populated by bankers, real estate agents and Main Street business owners. But the Bend chamber “is getting progressive,” said commercial real estate broker Brian Fratzke, a past board chairman. Diversity of viewpoints and experience “is something we really strive for” on the board.
Neubauer, he said, “is an asset,” and, for his age, “a wise thinker.”
Because marijuana is still illegal under federal law, many bankers and real estate professionals are averse to working on behalf of cannabis businesses. Fratzke is one, although if the federal government lifted its prohibition, he said, he'd willingly work with that sector. Because recreational marijuana is legal in Oregon, Fratzke said, he has no problem with a marijuana business owner on the chamber board.
“There are people in our community who are not supportive of that industry,” he said, “but it's a legitimate industry.”
Jeremy Kwit, president of Substance, a retailer formerly known as Bloom Well, said his was the first marijuana business in Bend to join the chamber of commerce. He said Neubauer's position with the chamber signals growing social acceptance of cannabis.
“I think it's beyond the legalization of the business,” Kwit said. “It shows more the acceptance and normalization of the industry as a whole.”
Marijuana has become an economic issue, he said. Marijuana business owners employ building contractors, tradesmen and women, accountants, lawyers and security experts, among others, and generated more than a half-million dollar in tax revenue for the city this year. Cannabis on that score deserves a seat at the table, Kwit said.
Chamber membership is a real benefit, not a status marker, he wrote in an email Friday. “We are able to more affordably provide health and dental insurance to our 27 employees. In 2018 we will pay 100 percent of our employees' health insurance. The Bend Chamber is able to provide ‘large group' rates to small employers like us, making insurance coverage possible.”
Brooks, the chamber president, said the chamber advocates before local and state governments for the business community and serves as a leadership development organization. For the chamber, Neubauer serves as a liaison for the Young Professionals Network, a group of 21-40 year olds who meet monthly for panel discussions and socializing. Oregrown also sponsors the program.
Neubauer is largely alone as a figure from a marijuana business in a leadership position in an Oregon chamber of commerce. Even municipalities where cannabis retailers number in the double digits have few, if any, as chamber members. Bend has 21 recreational marijuana dispensaries, according to the OLCC Recreational Marijuana Program. Sixty-four marijuana business license holders are located in Deschutes County, including the Bend retail dispensaries.
In Eugene, where 49 licensed retailers are located, five are listed on the chamber of commerce website as members; Corvallis has nine retail shops but none appear to be chamber members based on a website search.
Portland has 150 cannabis dispensaries, although none appear on a member search of the Portland Business Alliance website. No cannabis business owners are among the 66 members of the board of directors. More than 300 marijuana license holders, including growers, processors, wholesalers, testing labs and retailers, are located in Multnomah County.
Sandra McDonough, president and CEO of Portland Business Alliance, in an email Thursday, wrote: “We do have members who are in the cannabis business, and we have no specific standards for these businesses. As long as they are legally established businesses, as the law allows, we would have no reason to treat them differently from any of our other 1,900 members.”
— Reporter: 541-617-7815, jditzler@bendbulletin.com
Editor's note: This story has been changed to clarify that Neubauer is an Oregrown co-owner.
19019112
San Francisco's Muni transit system was reportedly hit by ransomware on Friday, leading to the message “You Hacked, ALL Data Encrypted” being displayed on the computer screens at stations, according to newspaper reports.
The message said that cryptom27 at yandex.com should be contacted for the key to unlock the data.
Fare payment machines at stations also displayed that they were “out of service,” and San Francisco's Municipal Railway, widely known as Muni, was allowing free rides on its light-rail vehicles as it was unable to charge customers, according to the San Francisco Examiner.
The San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency could not be immediately reached for comment on Sunday.
The ransomware is believed to be a variant of HDDCryptor, which uses commercial tools to encrypt hard drives and network shares, according to CSO's Salted Hash blog. Trend Micro said in September that the malware is a threat both to consumers and enterprises as it not only "targets resources in network shares such as drives, folders, files, printers, and serial ports via Server Message Block (SMB), but also locks the drive."
On Sunday, the San Francisco Examiner was reporting that the computer systems at the transit system had been restored following the Friday malware attack. It said that a person who may have spread the ransomware was demanding $73,000 from Muni to unlock its data.
It isn't clear at this point whether the transit system paid up to unlock its data or took other measures. The bitcoin wallet the attacker referred to in email communications referenced by Salted Hash was still empty late Sunday, suggesting that no payment was made, at at least into that wallet.
DNA analysis unearths origins of Minoans, the first major European civilization
Stephanie Seiler UW Health Sciences & UW Medicine
DNA analysis is unearthing the origins of the Minoans, who some 5,000 years ago established the first advanced Bronze Age civilization in present-day Crete. The findings suggest they arose from an ancestral Neolithic population that had arrived in the region about 4,000 years earlier.
The British archeologist Sir Arthur Evans in the early 1900's named the Minoans after a legendary Greek king, Minos. Based on similarities between Minoan artifacts and those from Egypt and Libya, Evans proposed that the Minoan civilization founders migrated into the area from North Africa. Since then, other archaeologists have suggested that the Minoans may have come from other regions, possibly Turkey, the Balkans, or the Middle East.
Now, a team of researchers in the United States and Greece has used mitochondrial DNA analysis of Minoan skeletal remains to determine the likely ancestors of these ancient people.
Mitochondria, the energy powerhouses of cells, contain their own DNA, or genetic code. Because mitochondrial DNA is passed down from mothers to their children via the human egg, it contains information about maternal ancestry.
Results published May 14 in Nature Communications suggest that the Minoan civilization arose from the population already living in Bronze Age Crete. The findings indicate that these people probably were descendents of the first humans to reach Crete about 9,000 years ago, and that they have the greatest genetic similarity with modern European populations.
Read the scientific paper.
Dr. George Stamatoyannopoulos, University of Washington professor of medicine and genome sciences, is the paper's senior author. He believes that the data highlight the importance of DNA analysis as a tool for understanding human history.
“About 9,000 years ago,” he noted, “there was an extensive migration of Neolithic humans from the regions of Anatolia that today comprise parts of Turkey and the Middle East. At the same time, the first Neolithic inhabitants reached Crete.”
“Our mitochondrial DNA analysis shows that the Minoan's strongest genetic relationships are with these Neolithic humans, as well as with ancient and modern Europeans,” he explained.
“These results suggest the Minoan civilization arose 5,000 years ago in Crete from an ancestral Neolithic population that had arrived in the region about 4,000 years earlier,” he said. “Our data suggest that the Neolithic population that gave rise to the Minoans also migrated into Europe and gave rise to modern European peoples.”
Stamatoyannopoulos, who directs the UW Markey Molecular Medicine Center and who formerly headed the UW Division of Medical Genetics in the Department of Medicine, added, “Genetic analyses are playing in increasingly important role and predicting and protecting human health. Our study underscores the importance of DNA not only in helping us to have healthier futures, but also to understand our past.”
Stamatoyannopoulos and his research team analyzed samples from 37 skeletons found in a cave in Crete's Lassithi plateau and compared them with mitochondrial DNA sequences from 135 modern and ancient human populations. The Minoan samples revealed 21 distinct mitochondrial DNA variations, of which six were unique to the Minoans and 15 were shared with modern and ancient populations. None of the Minoans carried mitochondrial DNA variations characteristic of African populations.
Further analysis showed that the Minoans were only distantly related to Egyptian, Libyan, and other North African populations. The Minoan shared the greatest percentage of their mitochondrial DNA variation with European populations, especially those in Northern and Western Europe.
When plotted geographically, shared Minoan mitochondrial DNA variation was lowest in North Africa and increased progressively across the Middle East, Caucasus, Mediterranean islands, Southern Europe, and mainland Europe. The highest percentage of shared Minoan mitochondrial DNA variation was found with Neolithic populations from Southern Europe.
The analysis also showed a high degree of sharing with the current population of the Lassithi plateau and Greece. In fact, the maternal genetic information passed down through many generations of mitochondria is still present in modern-day residents of the Lassithi plateau.
Co-authors of the study are Jeffery R. Hughey of Hartnell College; Peristera Paschou of Democritus University of Thrace; Petros Drineas of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Manolis Michalodimitrakis of the University of Crete; and Donald Mastropaolo, Dimitra M. Lotakis, Patrick A. Navas, and John A. Stamatoyannopoulos of the University of Washington. The study was partially supported by a grant from the National Institutes of Health (5T32 GM007454), as well as from private funding.
###
MetalSucks reader Jon M. went to the Lamb of God / In Flames show in St. Paul, MN on Friday night. Jon didn't have anything to say about the show itself (we presume it was awesome), although he did send us a cell-phone photo, above, of a flier that was handed to him after the show advertising a Feburary 24th show featuring Meshuggah, Animals as Leaders and Intronaut. Swoon!
We're gonna call this a full tour since there's no other conceivable reason those three bands would be playing a show together in the coldest state in the U.S. during the coldest month of the year. We're surprised to see Meshuggah tour the U.S. for the second time in a year — they typically only do one full U.S. tour per album cycle, and they already toured with Baroness and Decapitated this past spring — but hey, we're not complaining! (for a fun take on that tour, check out MetalGF's review of the NYC stop). We're also surprised — but elated — to see Animals as Leaders supporting Meshuggah; word on the block is that the Swedish masters are hesitant to have any opening bands that in any way, shape or form resemble “djent,” but apparently good reason prevailed, and Haake, Hagstrom and co. realized AAL are so much more (the bands also toured together in Europe earlier this year). And as for Intronaut, that's a pairing that totally makes sense in theory — even if it doesn't necessarily on the aesthetic surface — since both bands are really proggy and full of talented musicians. Between this gig and their opening stint with Tool, dudes are finally got the recognition and opportunities they deserve!
Anyway, we expect that a full routing for this tour will be revealed soon. We'll be waiting, dongs firmly in hand.
A group of game developers from around the world have joined forces to form The National Videogame Foundation.
The not-for-profit organization is based in the UK city of Nottingham, and has been established "to celebrate, preserve and interpret video games for everyone."
Founding patrons include Sumo Digital, Epic Games, Playground Games, Kevin Patterson, Boneloaf, William Pugh, Chucklefish and Vlambeer.
The Foundation will take over the running of Nottingham's National Videogame Arcade -- where it will also be based -- and will continue to operate the annual GameCity festival.
It will also stage a series of 'subject summits' in collaboration with the Times Educational Supplement, bringing together educators and experts to look at how games can be used to enhance learning.
Working with Arts Council England, the Foundation will look to deliver more 'Continue' conferences, which attempt to unite national arts and culture organizations with game makers.
"We've got some of the most experienced names in the industry working with us right alongside some of the most exciting new ones," said Foundation director, Iain Simons.
"We're going to ensure that the work we produce is truly reflective of the growing diversity of video games, in terms of players, makers and content."
The left doesn't give a rip about Israel — but they do, for some reason, only care about the surrounding countries that attack the small Jewish state on a 24-hour basis.
And the lack of outrage regarding where Israeli travelers have been banned proves the point.
The public visa guidelines show that 16 countries are completely intolerant of and/or detest Jewish people and thought, banning Israeli passport holders from entering. Here's the list:
Algeria
Bangladesh
Brunei
Iran
Iraq
Kuwait
Lebanon
Libya
Malaysia
Oman
Pakistan
Saudi Arabia
Sudan
Syria
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
This flies in the face of the left's rhetoric on President Trump's temporary, 90-day ban against seven warn-torn, terror-ridden countries.
Their level of hypocrisy is unmatched.
SHARE on Facebook and Twitter if you stand with Israel!
http://www.wedgies.com/question/should-donald-trump-get-a-special-prosecutor-to-go-after-hillary-pkaqxxn5zc
The 'Jefecito' returns to his nation's midfield for a tense clash against Venezuela, but his talents could be better utilised in defence
A DUCK TO WATER ...
Ben Hayward, Goal.com Spain Editor
"Mascherano took some time to win over Barcelona's notoriously-demanding supporters. The Argentine midfielder was signed as a replacement for Yaya Toure, a fans' favourite at Camp Nou for his lung-busting runs and spectacular shooting. Mascherano, it appeared, had neither. Javier's debut in Barça colours was unfortunate, too, as the Catalans lost 2-0 at home to newly-promoted side Hercules. Subsequent appearances were little better and Mascherano looked incompatible with Sergio Busquets. Indeed, he was seen as an inferior option by the Catalan public. But not by Pep Guardiola. The Barça coach kept the faith and slowly but surely, Mascherano adapted. Where Mascherano truly won over the fans, however, was not in midfield, but at the back. Mascherano took to the defensive role like a duck to water, timing tackles to perfection and forming a formidable tandem with Gerard Pique. With Carles Puyol sidelined at the beginning of the current campaign and Pique out as well, the Argentine has been asked to fill in at the back once more. Again, he has responded brilliantly. So much so that should Puyol retire any time soon, most Barça fans will be happy for Masche to stay there on a permanent basis, which is quite a compliment."
By Daniel Edwards | South American Football EditorStripped of the Argentina captaincy following the appointment of Alejandro Sabella, Javier Mascherano's place in the Seleccion midfield no longer looks untouchable. As a shaky defence remains a weak point in the otherwise well-oiled machine, however, it is time to consider the Barcelona man as an option at the back, where he has impressed so much in Catalunya.As Lionel Messi's men land in the idyllic beach-resort city of Puerto La Cruz, situated on Venezuela's Caribbean coast, they are nonetheless aware that their stay will be no holiday.Cesar Farias' team made a less than auspicious start in the World Cup qualifiers, going down convincingly to Ecuador with a team designed to combat the disconcerting altitude of Quito, but which, in the end lacked, the quality or experience to take points off the formidable hosts.One would be wise, however, not to pay too much heed to these events. The real potential of South America's traditional whipping-boys could be seen in the Copa America, where they reached a historic semi-final. This marked the continuation of the process started in the previous qualification campaign, finishing just two points shy of Uruguay and the final playoff place; the same Uruguay team, let's not forget, which stormed to the semi-finals in South Africa and lifted this year's Copa.In their own backyard, then, the Vinotinto are bound to put up a fight, and they have a better chance than ever to break their 100 per cent losing record against their illustrious rivals. Argentina looked accomplished against the kamikaze attacks of Chile on Friday, but while Gonzalo Higuain and Messi lead a forward line full of confidence and verve, the men at the back still inspire less than complete confidence.A 4-1 victory against a team of Chile's calibre should be celebrated, but there is no denying that, while 'Pipita' was taking apart a pitiful away defence, Claudio Borghi's men had no shortage of chances. The consolation goal conceded would have provoked the ire of a Sunday League coach, while a little more precision from normally-deadly striker Humberto Suazo could have made the game a vastly different one.This is where Mascherano could come in. The defensive midfielder is no Xavi either for club or country, and in a team which prioritised lightning-quick movement and rapier attacks down the flanks against the Roja, his brand of cautious, safety-first marshaling in midfield could find itself rather obsolete in this brave new era.It is hard to see what Javier can bring to the table that, say, Ever Banega or Fernando Gago could not, and these two add a certain attacking intent that the former skipper cannot boast. In defence, meanwhile, a place seems ready-made for him.Nicolas Burdisso continues to prove that he is not an international-class defender, while the back three is completed by the promising but green Nicolas Otamendi and Martin Demichelis; no doubt an astute reader of the game, but prone to catastrophic errors when he takes his eye off the figurative - and sometimes literal - ball.At 5ft 9in Mascherano is on the small side for a defender, but he has proved in Spain that his judgement and timing in the tackle honed by years of midfield toil in Argentina, Brazil and England makes him a more than adequate proposition at the back. Sabella favours a back-three and it is no massive stretch of the imagination to see the former Liverpool man as a modern-day libero, breaking up opposition attacks around the penalty area and quickly shifting play forward while leaving the more heavy-duty play to his partners.At the moment, we are dealing almost exclusively in supposition. 'El Jefecito' is an accomplished international midfielder with 75 caps behind him, and there is no reason to doubt that he cannot continue to play as he always has in a winning Argentina team.The doubts over the defence, however, will not go away overnight. A tortuous Caribbean night on Tuesday, and dropped points against a team most Argentines feel it is a right to beat comfortably, would turn the magnifying glass inexorably on those at the back. Extreme decisions are sometimes necessary to reverse chronic situations, and if Burdisso and his team-mates continue to fail, pushing the 27-year-old further down the pitch must be considered as a viable option.
Follow Daniel Edwards on
Episodes of 1950s radio sitcom that have been lost from archives to be remade for Radio 4, starring Kevin McNally
BBC Radio 4 is to recreate lost episodes of 1950s radio sitcom Hancock's Half Hour, with a new cast including Pirates of the Caribbean actor Kevin McNally in the title role originally taken by the late Tony Hancock.
The Missing Hancocks will consist of five of the 20 episodes missing from the BBC archives. They are to be broadcast in November to mark the 60th anniversary of the show's first transmission.
Hancock's Half Hour was the first major hit for the writing partnership of Ray Galton and Alan Simpson, who went on to create Steptoe and Son. The pair have chosen the five Hancock scripts that will be re-recorded by a cast that also includes Simon Greenall, Kevin Eldon and Robin Sebastian.
The series begins recording on Tuesday evening in front of an audience at the BBC Radio Theatre in central London.
Hancock's Half Hour, based on a fictionalised version of Tony Hancock's life as a struggling comic and actor, was originally broadcast on the BBC Home Service between 1954 and 1959, with 103 episodes recorded. A TV version began in 1956, running for five years and more than 60 episodes.
Bill Kerr co-starred in the radio version as Hancock's dim-witted Australian lodger while Sid James played a cunning businessman, who often succeeded in conning Hancock. Hattie Jacques, Kenneth Williams and Moira Lister are among other comedy actors who featured regularly.
The series is widely regarded as the first British sitcom, focusing on characters and situations over a single half-hour sketch, rather than stand-up comedy or variety which was then dominant in British radio.
Series co-producer Neil Pearson said the idea came about when he was researching some original Hancock scripts for a rare book catalogue and realised many had been "lost" from the BBC archive.
"We will be re-creating as closely as possible the experience you would have had listening to your radio all those years ago. The scripts are perfect and timeless," Pearson said. "We will be recording the programmes in front of a live audience at BBC Radio Theatre and, rather thrillingly, the BBC Concert Orchestra will be re-recording the theme tune for the new series."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
He was a bullied, troubled kid. At least one incident with classmates in 2012 resulted in injuries (records involving minors don't provide much detail). He had been getting psychiatric care for depression. He was obsessed with mass shootings and owned multiple books on the subject. He was especially fascinated by the Norway killing in 2011, in which a white nationalist killed 77 people at a youth camp, many of them children. That occurred on July 22 -- Sonboly's shooting would come on the anniversary. Not an accident.
On the day of, he posted a message on Facebook under a dummy account claiming a local McDonald's at a shopping center was having a promotion -- a clumsy attempt to lure in victims. He went there with a Glock 17 pistol (third Glock on the list) and 300 bullets in his rucksack. Sonboly apparently went into the restroom and came out shooting, killing nine and wounding four more. Seven of the victims were minors -- two were 13 years old. He was targeting kids, just like in Norway. One group of four friends were eating at a table together -- Sonboly killed them all.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In the midst of the attack, he was caught on video having an argument with bystanders. He can be heard yelling, "Because of you I was bullied for seven years ... and now I have to buy a gun to shoot you!" Someone apparently shouted an ethnic slur, causing him to reply that he was German.
Onlinemagazin
One guy on a roof with a gun: Easy Mode in Call Of Duty, terrifying as shit in real life.
In fact, he appeared to be targeting foreigners (only one victim was ethnic German), claiming that Turkish and Arab kids had bullied him in school. He fled from the scene of the attack, then shot himself in the head before the police got there. Witnesses say he shouted "Allahu Akbar," but if so, that would be the only time in his life he showed any interest at all in Islamic extremism whatsoever.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How Could This Have Been Stopped?
Well, Germany already has strict gun control laws which include mandatory psychological testing -- he got his gun illegally. No point in talking about getting tough on ISIS -- this had nothing to do with them. You can talk about stopping Muslim immigrants, and the irony is that Ali David Sonboly would apparently agree with you. You can talk about mental health, but he was already getting treatment.
Chrisof Stache/AFP/Getty Images
You can say that the coverage of the 2011 Norway attack inspired this copycat, but what would you do differently, coverage-wise? Report the event and conspicuously leave out the guy's name, background, and motivation? That just makes him more mysterious and intriguing to people like Sonboly, and adds to the public's ignorance about what causes tragedies like this.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Again, I'm at a loss. Sorry.
So what do all of these people have in common?
* Their average age was 27, no one older than 31.
* Most, but not all, came from broken homes.
* Most, but not all, felt like they had no prospects for the future.
* Most, but not all, had latched onto a violent movement's ideology.
* Some, but not most, had studied or idolized previous mass killers.
* Some, but not most, had histories of criminal activity or violence.
* All of them thought mass murder would give their lives meaning.
* All of them saw their victims as nothing more than fodder -- lifeless vessels to absorb their rage.
So there you go. They all had, at some point in their lives, completely shed empathy for entire categories of people, training themselves to see fellow humans as mere props in their hero story, foot soldiers of the system they were lashing out against. You want to root out the hateful ideology that turns normal people into killing machines, there it is.
Daily Telegraph
Good luck.
Note: While we were editing this article, a man in Japan killed 19 disabled people with a knife and wounded 26 more at the facility where he worked, slitting their throats one at a time. He's 26 years old.
If you want to support Cracked and continue to get articles like this without a paywall, subscribe and get lots of bonuses, including an ad-free experience.
For more from David Wong on this subject, see The 6 Weirdest Things We've Learned Since 9/11, 6 Ways to Keep Terrorists From Ruining the World, and 5 Mind-Blowing Facts Nobody Told You About Guns
Subscribe to our YouTube channel, and check out How Gun Control Made Australia Safer Than America, and other videos you won't see on the site!
Also, follow us on Facebook, because happier things are happening there if you never read the comment section.
(Kansas City, Missouri) – A municipal court judge has cleared a Kansas City Public Library official arrested more than a year ago in a case drawing national attention because of its free-speech implications.
Steven Woolfolk, the Library's director of programming and marketing, was found not guilty Friday on all three charges stemming from a Library event in May 2016. He had attempted to intervene in an incident in which a patron – a local activist – was confronted by outside security personnel during a question-and-answer session.
Woolfolk initially was charged with interfering with the arrest of the activist. Counts of resisting arrest and assault were added later.
Library director Crosby Kemper III, who bitterly contested the charges, applauded Friday's verdict from Kansas City Municipal Court Judge Joseph Locascio.
“Justice was done,” Kemper said. “The Library, like the judge, has consistently expressed surprise that this ever went to trial, that a public event at a public library should result in the indictment of a librarian.”
Locascio said as much in rendering his decision.
“I don't understand how this kind of thing could happen at a public event,” he said from the bench. “You're going to have people say ridiculous things at a public event. … You scratch your head and move on.”
The case dates to a May 9, 2016, event at the Library's Plaza Branch that featured longtime Middle East envoy Dennis Ross. Activist Jeremy Rothe-Kushel was first to the microphone when the presentation turned to Q&A, and his question implied that the U.S. and Israel have engaged in state-sponsored terrorism. After Ross responded, Rothe-Kushel attempted to follow up and was grabbed by one of the private security guards and then by others in the security detail, which included off-duty police.
Woolfolk tried to intercede, noting that public discourse is accepted and encouraged at a public event held in a public library. Rothe-Kushel was arrested for trespassing and resisting arrest – charges that eventually were dropped.
The small security squad was arranged by the Jewish Community Foundation of Greater Kansas City, one of the Library's partners in the event, to supplement to standard Library security.
Kemper termed its response “an egregious violation of First Amendment rights.”
Woolfolk, who oversees the Library's expansive public programming, has been lauded for his actions by organizations including the American Library Association, Urban Libraries Council, and Missouri Library Association. He was awarded the 2017 Lemony Snicket Prize for Noble Librarians Faced with Adversity, established by the best-selling author and the ALA to recognize individuals who have “faced adversity with integrity and dignity intact.”
The Library received the American Library Association's 2017 Paul Howard Award for Courage, given biannually for “unusual courage for the benefit of library programs or services.”
A new computer algorithm can predict whether you and your spouse will have an improved or worsened relationship based on the tone of voice that you use when speaking to each other with nearly 79 percent accuracy.
In fact, the algorithm did a better job of predicting marital success of couples with serious marital issues than descriptions of the therapy sessions provided by relationship experts. The research was published in Proceedings of Interspeech on September 6, 2015.
Researchers recorded hundreds of conversations from over one hundred couples taken during marriage therapy sessions over two years, and then tracked their marital status for five years.
An interdisciplinary team -- led by Shrikanth Narayanan and Panayiotis Georgiou of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering with their doctoral student Md Nasir and collaborator Brian Baucom of University of Utah -- then developed an algorithm that broke the recordings into acoustic features using speech-processing techniques. These included pitch, intensity, "jitter" and "shimmer" among many -- things like tracking warbles in the voice that can indicate moments of high emotion.
"What you say is not the only thing that matters, it's very important how you say it. Our study confirms that it holds for a couple's relationship as well," Nasir said. Taken together, the vocal acoustic features offered the team's program a proxy for the subject's communicative state, and the changes to that state over the course of a single therapy and across therapy sessions.
These features weren't analyzed in isolation -- rather, the impact of one partner upon the other over multiple therapy sessions was studied.
"It's not just about studying your emotions," Narayanan said. "It's about studying the impact of what your partner says on your emotions."
"Looking at one instance of a couple's behavior limits our observational power," Georgiou said. "However, looking at multiple points in time and looking at both the individuals and the dynamics of the dyad can help identify trajectories of the their relationship."
Once it was fine-tuned, the program was then tested against behavioral analyses made by human experts ‹ who had coded them for positive qualities like "acceptance" or negative qualities like ³blame." The team found that studying voice directly -- rather than the expert-created behavioral codes -- offered a more accurate glimpse at a couple's future.
"Psychological practitioners and researchers have long known that the way that partners talk about and discuss problems has important implications for the health of their relationships. However, the lack of efficient and reliable tools for measuring the important elements in those conversations has been a major impediment in their widespread clinical use. These findings represent a major step forward in making objective measurement of behavior practical and feasible for couple therapists," Baucom said.
Next, using behavioral signal processing -- a framework developed by Narayanan for computationally understanding human behavior -- the team plans to use language (e.g., spoken words) and nonverbal information (e.g., body language) to improve the prediction of how effective treatments will be.
Image caption While the Catholic population in Belfast has risen to 49%, the Protestant population has dropped to 42%
Belfast is a city in transition, a divided city, divided by walls and divided even by the River Lagan.
On the east bank there is a largely unionist population, and on the west, a solidly nationalist and Catholic one, with significant sections of unionists in the north and south.
There is another difference.
The Catholic population is young with the number rising to 49%.
The Protestant population is older and passing away and has dropped to 42%.
Others such as new immigrants or those from mixed relationships with no fixed religion make up the rest.
Belfast is at a tipping point, according to the author of a new peace report, Dr Paul Nolan.
He underscores the connection between that shifting population and the flags row in Belfast.
He said Belfast changed over the past decade from being a majority unionist city to a city where the largest group is Catholic.
He said these figures from the 2011 census were finally published a week after the row erupted in Belfast City Council over the decision to restrict the flying of the union flag to designated days only.
'Human sensors'
He said those protestors did not read the report, but they acted out of its realities.
"Sometimes people can act like human sensors. They pick up what is happening underneath their feet. That earthquake that was happening," he said.
That earthquake is one of the themes of peace monitoring report. It also describes young Protestant men, a quarter of whom are jobless, as a seedbed for trouble. This is because of alienation and the risk of being drawn into a cultural conflict.
Loyalist community worker, Gerald Solinas, who also represents the Ulster Political Research Group, is critical of the report.
Image copyright PAcemaker Image caption A bandsman at the Twaddell Avenue protest camp in north Belfast
He dislikes the language and claims its conclusions are too simplistic. He thinks words such as "tipping point" are dangerous.
He points out that nationalists face similar problems of deprivation and problems around jobs, housing and regeneration.
Cultural warfare
He often speaks for the protestors at the Twaddell Avenue camp in north Belfast, a symbol of loyalist fury over the parading and flags.
Mr Solinas acknowledged there is a sense of cultural warfare.
"The taking down of our flag at city hall, the demonization of our culture in parading is all things very true to our hearts. It's basically similar to someone coming into your house, rearranging the furniture. It just makes you feel very uncomfortable," he said.
While Catholics still suffer deprivation, Catholic schools are excelling, providing a route out of poverty.
Dr Nolan pointed to a confident nationalist population with a growing middle class, contrasting this with what is happening on the unionist Protestant side.
He said even if politicians had agreed the Haass proposals, it would not have solved the difficulty facing society in Belfast.
"This problem was still going to bubble up because what we have is inequality," he said.
"We've got a section of our population - young Protestant males - who have no routes out of their poverty. And they experience it as inequality. They experience it as alienation and it will erupt."
Mr Solinas and Dr Nolan agree that there is a lack of political leadership and vision at Stormont.
Brian Feeney, an Irish News columnist, said unionist politicians are pretending the changes are not happening while fighting a losing battle.
"It's been like King Canute. They are trying to force back the nationalist tide and it has completely failed," he said.
"All the unionist politicians know these statistics quite well. They know exactly where it is heading and they know the only outcome can be accommodation and reconciliation. And as it points out in the report there is peace, but no attempt at reconciliation whatsoever."
Belfast artists are reflecting the realities. Joe McWilliams, from the north of the city, has put on canvass vivid images of marching loyalists outside St Patrick's Church. But another artist, Susan Hughes from the south of the city, has just opened an exhibition at Stormont called quiet peacemakers.
Quiet peacemakers
The portraits include the late Fr Alec Reid and Lesley Carroll, a Presbyterian minister in Belfast.
She said there is not enough acknowledgement of quiet peacemakers and not enough unity among them.
"So maybe we need to get ourselves together and make sure we know what each other is doing. That support and vision that comes from each other would make a big difference. And that makes stronger voice to those in leadership," she said.
There are young people working to bridge the divide through prayer, music and art. Among them is Ashley Holmes from Youth Initiatives. She is 26 and has been, she says, doing cross-community work since the age of 12.
She said young people can be disappointed by a lack of support from politicians, their parent's stories and negative language.
"Our young people are feeling like they are holding everybody else's past on their shoulders. They are feeling they are trying to move forward and trying to be positive, but there are certain things that are holding them back," she said.
Her vision for the city? Investment, shared space and that a new light would shine on it.
There is more on this story on The View, which is available here on the BBC iPlayer.
A small but angry group of protesters gathered downtown Monday to challenge the promotion of an Edmonton police officer with a criminal record.
Last week, CBC News reported that Mike Wasylyshen had been promoted to sergeant despite his criminal record for the drunken, off-duty assault of a man on crutches, and a disciplinary suspension for Tasering a passed-out aboriginal teen.
A decade after he Tasered the youth eight times in 68 seconds, Wasylyshen was put through a disciplinary hearing, where he was handed a 120-hour suspension for insubordination and using excessive force.
The presiding officer in that hearing said he wasn't convinced Wasylyshen was remorseful, and called the use of excessive force “offensive” and an “embarrassment to policing.”
Wasylyshen is the son of former Edmonton police chief Bob Wasylyshen.
In an emailed statement last week, the police department said it had considered Wasylyshen's background and record “as part of the promotion process,” and found that he had proved himself “ready for promotion.”
But TazBouchier, an aboriginal elder and advocate, disagrees with that.
“To promote this man who Tasered one of our youth, who was 17 years old, eight times within 68 seconds – no matter how long ago that was – demonstrates a man who has no integrity, who has violent behaviour, and no remorse was demonstrated in court.
“It bothers us as a community that he's been promoted. It bothers not only us as aboriginal people, but you'll see there's non-aboriginal people here who are bothered by it as well.”
Edmonton police chief Rod Knecht, however, continues to defend the decision to promote Wasylyshen, despite the angry reaction from some in the community.
“We're trying to make a principled decision and do what's right,” he said. “It's the road less travelled. I understand it's controversial and I understand not everyone is going to support that. It's a very difficult position.”
Knecht pointed out Wasylyshen's record of service has been unblemished for the past decade.
“For some folks, that won't make any difference, but ... when is there a time to forgive? Is it three years later, five years later, 10 years later? I don't know. I don't have the answer to that, but I can tell you that we had considerable debate around these issues.”
The police chief said EPS plans to meet with aboriginal leaders on Friday to further discuss the matter.
“We hope to have something along the lines of a healing circle and have a discussion with those people.”
Inmates in a Tennessee jail are being used as slave labor to benefit the private company belonging to detention center employees, two former prisoners claim. They waited until they were released to speak out, fearing recriminations beforehand.
Larry Stephney and Charles Brew both worked in the building trades department while serving time at the Metro-Davidson County Detention Facility in Nashville, Tennessee. There, they told AP, they were forced to build items without pay for a company called Stand Firm Designs.
That woodworking company is operated by Rob Hill, a building trades instructor at the Metro-Davidson County Detention Facility; Steven Binkley, a computer instructor who works out of a room adjoining the woodworking shop; and Roy Napper, who formerly worked at the jail, AP reported.
“Stand Firm Designs is composed of retired contractors with over 100 years of combined experience. We design and construct decks, gazebos and storage sheds to your specifications,” a cached version of the company's website said. "We are a Christian based organization located in the greater Nashville area.”
Inmates say they worked for free for jail officials http://t.co/Xp97hevpwfpic.twitter.com/0MuqfkujnG — knoxnews (@knoxnews) August 16, 2015
But Stephney and Brew claim that they were the woodworkers building the products the company sold on its website, which has since been taken down, and at the Nashville Flea Market. The two men told AP that they mainly built cornhole games, plaques shaped like footballs, birdhouses and dog beds.
Stephney says he spent 30 hours a week working without pay for the three men behind Stand Firm Designs. He was released in June. Brew worked even more hours in the department each week until he was released in July. They were both tutors for other inmates.
"I've been in that shop at 11 o'clock at night, 1 o'clock in the morning," Brew said.
Metro-Davidson County Detention Facility has a job-training program for inmates designed to help them once they are released. The jail is run by Nashville-based Corrections Corporation of America (CCA), the nation's largest private prison operator.
"Providing inmates with voluntary, high-quality and impactful re-entry programs that help prepare them for success upon release is one of CCA's top priorities," company spokesman Jonathan Burns told AP.
The building trades class at the facility is voluntary, and inmates can discontinue participation upon giving notice in accordance with established procedures, Burns added.
4,000 California prisoners are fighting wildfires for a pittance http://t.co/qMcdGQUGGspic.twitter.com/kDBwX9B9Y6 — RT (@RT_com) August 17, 2015
Stepheny and Brew, however, claim they had no choice but to perform work for Stand Firm Designs.
Stephney said that, if he made a complaint, he was afraid contraband would be planted in his cell, jeopardizing his parole.
"You do anything there as an inmate, you get put in the hole," Stephney said. "If they do something wrong, they should get in trouble too."
Brew also worried something bad would happen to him if he complained.
Under Tennessee law, inmates are allowed to work for free if they are performing labor on behalf of a charitable organization or a nonprofit corporation. But Stand Firm Designs is neither. To protest, the men concealed their names under pieces of wood nailed to the backs of items, they told AP. They also wrote the number “412148,” which refers to Tennessee Code §41-2-148. That section prohibits the use of prison labor for private profit.
As the two men have come forward with their allegations, Davidson County District Attorney General Glenn Funk requested that the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation look into their claims of misuse of inmate labor at the facility.
The state's lieutenant governor, Ron Ramsey, held a hearing on problems within the Tennessee Department of Corrections on Saturday night. Issues within the state's jails include minimal staffing, low morale and violence inside prison walls. He has scheduled more hearings about the department in September, WATE reported.
Napper, the former CCA employee who helps run Stand Firm Designs, denied any wrongdoing at the Metro Davidson facility.
"All I can tell you is it's really just a bogus thing. There's not really any slave labor going on over there," Napper said. "Since it's under investigation, I can't really tell you anything else."
People or companies convicted of violating the law, specifically subsection (b), can be fined up to $1,000 and imprisoned between 11 and 29 days for the misdemeanor crime. However, it matters how much each inmate is used for private gain.
“Each day inmate labor is used in violation of subsection (b) constitutes a separate offense,” the law says.
A senior Pug at Pacific Pug Rescue in Portland, is in need of a very special home.
A Walk With Rodgie Look at Rodgie go! Her foster mom says that she really enjoys her walks in the grass. You can read more about Rodgie at http://www.pacificpugrescue.org/available-pugs.html If you can't adopt, please help us by sharing Rodgie! We just know her furever family is out there. For more information email [email protected] Posted by Pacific Pug Rescue on Wednesday, February 24, 2016
She's a wee thing, weighing in at less than 9lbs. She's a tiny little senior citizen with a “tongue for days.” Her interests include walking in the grass, following humans around the house, gardening and snuggling. She's an older dog so she can't walk too far and she definitely doesn't like being in a crate.
Rodgie has a neurological condition that makes her walk a little different than other dogs but her condition doesn't stop her from getting around like the other dogs her age. She's fully potty trained and needs a home.
If you can help please contact Pacific Pug Rescue: [email protected]
Wag of the tail to The Examiner for sharing Rodgie's story!
It's the only traffic jam on the North Shore that's perhaps more dispiriting than the Cut or the Lions Gate Bridge approaches.
BC Parks is looking at options to alleviate the overcapacity problems at Mount Seymour Provincial Park, where a sunny Saturday can mean hours spent trying to access the park or Mt. Seymour ski resort.
article continues below
The park is simply drawing more people than it used to, said Dylan Eyers, section head for the Lower Mainland for BC Parks.
“Really it's the explosion in winter backcountry use that we're seeing – winter hiking, snowshoeing and to some degree, backcountry skiing – and people are just loving it up there, which is awesome,” Eyers said. “But back in the day, when these parks were originally planned for and developed, we didn't really anticipate there being upwards of 1,000 folks showing up just to go snowshoeing.”
With a majority of park users showing up at 9:30 a.m., BC Parks is looking into actions other parks have taken to deal with capacity clog-ups. Among them: increasing shuttle service, creating a reservation system, charging for vehicle access, building more parking lots, building a gondola to the base, and setting up a ride-share program.
BC Parks hired a contractor to survey park visitors on where they are coming from, how they get to the top of the mountain, how much time they spend, what activities they come to Seymour to do, and to gather their feedback on possible solutions.
All of the ideas on paper, however, are considered too preliminary to get into the specifics or talk about capital costs, Eyers said.
“We're not there yet. … Those are questions this process will hopefully inform public opinion on,” he said.
The survey was welcomed by parks advocate and blogger Steve Jones, who has lobbied for better access to Seymour and Cypress.
“It's great to see they're investing some time to take a closer look at the issue. Certainly, parking capacity is kind of fixed up there but over the years, the population has been growing and winter recreation is becoming more popular, and the resort has been doing some upgrades, which has increased demand as well,” he said.
The best solutions are probably the cheapest and simplest, Jones suggested.
“It's kind of a tricky problem because most of the demand is limited to a few small peak periods. If it was always busy, you might say build a parkade but it wouldn't make sense to do that given it's really a handful of days each year when you run into most of the problems.”
Jones said his top priority would be opening (the road gate to) the park earlier on weekdays to allow keeners to go for a morning snowshoe or hike before they go to work.
“The first thing you do if you have any kind of location that is too busy is look at extending the hours,” he said. “There are hundreds of us who are interested in getting to the park just a little bit earlier and then getting out of the way when it's busy. It's kind of a shame to have these two mountain parks up there where it's very challenging for people to catch the sunrise.”
Jones said he also finds it “remarkable” that neither Cypress nor Seymour have public transit access.
Jones also suggested the province expedite the planning and development of Pinecone Burke Provincial Park in Coquitlam to help take some pressure off of Seymour.
The survey period is now closed. Eyers said the results will be analyzed and presented to park users at an open house later in the spring for more feedback, allowing the province to start studying what's feasible and can be tackled in the next year or two.
Follow @calebgarling
At some point in 2014, your friends are totally going to be into this Dutch DJ named Martin Garrix. Or maybe your son will be into a young rapper named Rich Homie Quan. Or maybe your girlfriend will be humming tunes from Australian songwriter Vance Joy.
The predictions around these relative unknowns are according to data from Shazam. The company employs a nifty smartphone app that solves the “What's the name of this song again?” problem. Tap it on, point your phone toward the speaker and the software tells you the name of the tune.
But this makes Shazam much more than a party trick: it's an ear to the ground for the music industry. Because most times, people search for a title and artist because they really like the song.
“This helps it be a pure measurement,” says Daniel Danker, Shazam's chief product officer. He says partnerships with the music and radio industry in this regard aren't an integral part of Shazam's business — yet. “These are early days.”
The idea is that when a tune surfaces, say, for the soundtrack of a new show, the company can measure in real time as people hold their phones to the television. Ben Howard's “Oats in the Water” generated 300,000 Shazam searches all at once when it aired on The Walking Dead. That kind of blip gets flagged in Shazam's system. Knowing that people were moved enough to get out their phone to get the name — at that very instant — provides powerful data for music marketers.
Soundhound is a direct competitor to Shazam. “Data and analytics are highly valued, given where we sit in the ecosystem,” says Katie McMahon Soundhound's vice president of sales and marketing. “This is a heat map of how people are responding to the music they're hearing.”
Otherwise, a listening sample over a certain time period might not show artists like Garrix, Quan and Joy standing out against others. Shazam feels comfortable predicting popularity increases because data shows people scan those artists' songs at a statistically-significantly higher rate. That data instructs radio stations and the music industry where to invest playing time and advertising budgets.
Shazam is far from the only digital data source for the music industry. Streaming services report play counts, discussion on Twitter has become somewhat measurable and you can always tally “likes” on Facebook. It also has a strong competitor in Santa Clara-based Soundhound and, since this is search afterall, a company called Google quietly released its version of a sound scanning app about a year ago.
Google's app still only has around 5 million downloads but Shazam and Soundcloud are up over 50 million downloads in the Android store. And both have filed a number of patents regarding audio recognition technology. I primarily use Soundhound since, for me, it nails the song a bit more often. But you'd be splitting hairs to say there's that much of a difference between the two, save one: Soundhound allows you to hum a tune to find a song. Shazam does not.
McMahon notes that this creates a slightly different user case; the song is catchy and powerful (and played) enough to have imprinted on someone's brain. In 2012 “Someone Like You” by Adele topped Soundhound's “sing-hum query” list, as the algorithm is known.
But once a song is matched, both companies take a sales commission should the user buy it through the service. Danker says Shazam sells about 500,000 tracks each day. Yet people may increasingly stream the song off Spotify, Rdio or Google All Access. Twenty million listeners had music subscription services in 2012, a 44 percent increase over 2011, according to data from the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) which represents the recording industry worldwide.
So data analysis and predictions also become an alluring path to profits. Outsiders have taken note. Mexican business mogul and former richest man in the world Carlos Slim Helú, invested $40 million in Shazam in July.
Granted, Shazam's list of eventually popular artists does fall down in a pretty obvious way: Many of the songs that will be popular in 2014 haven't been released yet. But “we can kind of guess the top 40 list about 40 days in advance,” Danker says, noting that data is “a currency” for the music industry. “Over time you'll see new business models emerge out of that.”
Analysis can be far more specific than probable hits: Shazam knows which artists catch your fancy and can sell their next hit or tickets the next time they are coming to town — and take a commission.
To many, that behind-the-curtains work feels uncomfortable — one more avenue where a big brother is monitoring our habits in order to make money. Like most apps, Shazam is another tradeoff in the never ending convenience versus privacy debate — though compared to other privacy transgressions, knowing your favorite dance song seems trivial.
Shazam works because every song generates something like a “fingerprint” — the collective dancing of the red-yellow-green bars of an equalizer (the various frequencies) as you listen. Shazam stores that fingerprint for tens of millions of songs, and then matches (or tries to) with what's coming out of the speaker.
However, encoding the entire fingerprint — spectrogram, as it's technically known — would be too labor intensive. Avery Li-Chun Wang, one of the company's co-founders, explained in a paper that instead the software simply looks for the big peaks and valleys of sound and remembers those. That greatly reduces the search workload and means that occasionally a song will match in less than a few seconds.
But this doesn't always work smoothly. If you're in a crowded bar, the app will have trouble sifting through the noise.
Regardless, the fingerprints of those hits could be used to project what will be popular in the future, before people start searching, just by looking at the song construction. We know that there are certain qualities like tempo, key and melody line that will make a song good.
But Danker says Shazam shies from operating that way. The new Daft Punk hit “Get Lucky”, he says, was not like anything the group had done in the past and had a disco feel that hadn't been too popular for decades. “The danger with recommendation engines is that you tend to get more of the same,” he says “It can be limiting in that scenario.”
Follow @calebgarling
A criminal investigation has been opened into the mistreatment of cows at an Okeechobee dairy that supplies Publix, after an undercover video released Thursday appeared to show workers beating cows with metal rods and engaging in other abuse.
Okeechobee County Sheriff Noel Stephen said he assigned an investigator to the case after his office received materials showing apparent acts of animal cruelty by workers at Larson Dairy Farm.
“I believe there will be criminal charges forthcoming on the completion of this investigation,” he said at a news conference Thursday afternoon.
Publix announced it was suspending milk deliveries from Larson, saying in a written statement that the company was “shocked” by the treatment of the cows.
The video came from an investigator with the animal rights group Animal Recovery Mission, which has previously disclosed cruelty at illegal slaughterhouse operations in South Florida, who got a job with Larson in August, according to the group.
The Animal Recovery Mission, an animal-rights group, released video footage captured by an undercover investigator at Larson Dairy Farm in Okeechobee, Florida. The video shows dairy cows beaten with metal rods and other abuse. Larson Dairy said an employee shown hitting cows had been fired.
The video appeared to show a worker beating a cow on the head with a steel rod, as the cow, stuck in a narrow metal milking pen, moves its head wildly to avoid the blows. It shows workers kicking, beating and stabbing cows to force them into the cramped pens. It shows female calves penned in narrow outdoor cages, one with deformed legs unable to stand up.
“Dairy supervisors and milkers beat, stab and torment dairy cows with steel construction rebar,” the narrator says. “The sharp metal rods pierce and penetrate the cows' bodies. Kept hidden from tours and visitors to the dairy, the cows are brutalized.”
Jacob Larson, owner of Larson Dairy, issued a written statement Thursday saying an employee shown hitting cows had been fired.
“We are deeply saddened and appalled by the actions witnessed in this video, which first came to our attention this morning,” he said. “The unusual use of force is simply unacceptable on our dairy or on any other farm.”
“We have strict protocols involving animal care and clearly the behavior shown in this video goes against everything we stand for and will not be tolerated. The employee involved and featured in the video has been terminated. Further corrective action will be taken if necessary as we continue to analyze the video and conduct an on-farm investigation.”
He also questioned the animal rights group's tactics.
“We are equally concerned about the manner in which this video was brought to our attention,” Larson said. “Had the ‘undercover' employee brought this to our attention when it occurred, we may have been able to prevent it earlier.”
Publix said it contacted the Florida Department of Agriculture, which plans to send inspectors to the dairy.
“We were recently made aware of the undercover video taken at Larson Dairy, Inc.,” Publix said in a written statement. “Like you, we are disturbed by the images and shocked by the cruelty shown toward the animals.”
Richard Couto, the animal rights group's founder and lead investigator, said the group had not selected that dairy because of any particular cruelty reports.
“We wanted to see what was happening in a typical, larger scale dairy setting in the state of Florida,” he said.
“Upon our first entry, an hour of being undercover at the Larson Dairy, we were extremely surprised at finding strong signs of animal abuse, right then and there,” he said. “The workers, the milkers, management, were punching the cows in the udders to get them into milking position. They were screaming. They were punching them in the face. They were kicking them and then large [bars] of rebar came out.”
The sheriff said the materials received by his office, which included still photos but no videos, indicate that three workers were involved. But he said the Larson family, which he has known for more than 30 years, would not have been involved in anything like the abuse shown at the farm.
“These gentlemen would not condone this activity,” he said. “Had they known about it, they would have fired them on the spot.”
At the end of the video, the group urges viewers to avoid supporting such abuse by giving up dairy and switching to a vegan, or plant-based, diet.
dfleshler@sun-sentinel.com, 954-356-4535
Marijuana strains are a lot like sex tapes.
If you share a really hot strain with one person, the whole world will know about it tomorrow. Which makes Gorilla Glue #4 the Kim Kardashian sex tape of marijuana strains. Like adolescent boys and the Kim Kardashian video, nearly all cannabis growers claim they have Gorilla Glue #4 (GG#4) in their arsenals. In the Glue's mere four years of existence, many have grown this strain, even more have profited from this strain, and almost everyone has smoked this strain.
Yet few cannabis consumers know the truth about “the glue, and fewer consumers know its origin story: GG #4 was born from an inadvertent sexual encounter among cannabis plants. And even fewer know that strain recently became the first known type of cannabis to receive statewide trademarks.
The Birth of Gorilla Glue #4
In 2012, Las Vegas growers with a combined 90 years of experience, “Joesie Wales” and “Lone Watty,” accidentally created the strain when the “Chem Sister” (a female plant) hermaphrodited (went male) over to the Sour Dubb before being crossed with Chocolate Diesel. That convoluted romance unintentionally produced seeds which gave birth to new strains of cannabis. (Also see: the Sour Diesel legend). Seven seeds were produced in total, and Wales and Watty deemed the fourth seed the keeper. The resulting plant was basically the Blue Ivy Carter of the marijuana world: superior genetics created an even more superior strain.
Shortly after the strain's genesis, Wales received a phone call while trimming the new plant. When he answered, the phone stuck to his hands. Wales told the caller that his hands were so sticky it felt like he had Gorilla Glue on them. Thus, Gorilla Glue #4 was born and named.
In 2014, GG#4 won multiple first place Cannabis Cup awards, and by the end of that year, the glue was seemingly growing everywhere. The Glue becoming a commonplace plant in home gardens was intentional for some and unintentional for others. Wanting to test out the strain's stability, the strain was gifted to private growers and 100 cuts (clone variations) were sold at a Cannabis Cup. Unfortunately, a former friend of Joesie also played a more nefarious role in the strain's perforation into cannabis lore, giving the strain to anyone and everyone–which is why consumers see GG#4 in more dispensaries than not.
When I asked if he wishes the strain had never leaked at all, Joesie Wales responded with a poignant answer:
My first thought is yes, as the person whom I thought was a friend, turned out to be in it for himself, and I am a man of my word, but then I think, well If the Kim Kardashian video was never leaked and handed out, she wouldn't be where she is today.
Perhaps if Gorilla Glue #4 wasn't given to an unsavory ex-friend or sold at Cannabis Cups (by its owners), the strain never would have received the accolades and celebrity status it has now earned.
But like any celebrity, fame comes with legal complications. Colorado dispensaries have (according to a tip) been served cease and desist letters for selling the Gorilla Glue #4 strain, just like an outfit did in Washington last summer. That cease and desist, as previously reported by Marijuana.com, targeted TKO Reserve and actually came from the Gorilla Glue “GLUE” company regarding its own trademark.
Our glue guys are safe, however. “A year ago, we kinda changed the name to GG#4 everywhere,” Wales told me. Their company now goes by GG Strains LLC to steer clear of the traditional glue industry.
But the GG #4 marijuana strain's creators also have a trademark of their own — with far different intentions. While a legal, protective play, this innovative trademark is all about ownership, branding and legitimacy in the nation's fastest growing, once rogue industry.
GGStrains has successfully completed the first known cannabis trademark by registering their Gorilla Glue #4 strain name and medical cannabis plant in in Colorado, Nevada and Washington with other pending trademarks. Marijuana.com's legal team confirmed that GG Strains LLC has a trademark in Colorado for “Gorilla Glue #4” and a trademark in Nevada for “GG Strains”.
Joesie and Lone may be the first growers to trademark their strain, but their lawyer hasn't sent a single cease and desist letter on that strain's behalf. Wales and Watty aren't trying to put anyone out of business or prevent anyone from growing their magical strain. Instead, they are clarifying what the ideal expression of Gorilla Glue looks like, smokes like, and who created the real deal GG #4.
According to New York-based cannabis consultant Jason Pinsky, “The cannabis industry will eventually turn into a commodity market. And the two things that differentiate your product in that kind of market are quality and branding. It's more about having a name and a logo and a brand identity — but that also has to be paired with having a quality product. At the end of the day, you're not protecting the weed. You're really protecting the brand and brand identity.”
Pinsky's comments make sense when you know that Wales and Watty are just a couple of old-school growers trying to protect their work, or as they say in their mission statement, to “ensure all consumers and medical cannabis/marijuana cardholders receive the same GG#4 each and every time they go to purchase.”
While the Glue Gang has state trademarks in place, those might not enjoy federal recognition. Pinsky tells me “You can protect the strain name on a state level but still the US Patent Office is on a national level, the only thing you really have national protection on is your name and logo.”
This problem facing these growers is not a new problem — it's just a magnified problem. If you walk into any dispensary in Colorado, odds are high there's a strain mislabeled “OG Kush” or “Sour Diesel” for simple brand recognition and sales. GG#4's high yields and unmatched potency make this strain a corporate dispensary's dream. The strain can be sold at a high price, makes customers happy, and still rakes in a pretty penny per pound. A snake could (and there's plenty of these laying in the industry's weeds) simply grow a high yielding strain, throw GG #4 on a jar, and sell it to unsuspecting consumers who in turn won't get the full effect of the real deal. Without quality control, uniform brands or the ability for brands to cross state lines, strains become inconsistent and vary from location to location.
As Watty tells me, “If you buy Patron, and get a generic tequila knock-off, how are you going to feel? Obviously not the same buzz.”
But in this industry, quality control has long been virtually impossible, just like finding everyone who grows such a desirable strain is virtually impossible. When a strain becomes branded and gets a verified logo, a lot more becomes possible.
The previously underground cannabis world shared news on message boards and forums. There were no brands selling legal products and there were no serious marketing efforts. There was no proof of ownership. People hooked up friends and tossed around strains without considering the brand repercussions of identity theft in a future legal industry. Breeders and growers not getting the credit and financial benefit from their strains' creation is no new trend. Just ask AJ (Sour Diesel) and Bubba (Bubba Kush) if they've been paid back every time someone has planted a Sour Diesel or Bubba Kush clone.
That's why GG #4's founders sound at peace with the current situation. Their response has been simply to build a brand, which includes a very landmark trademark that could alter how this industry functions.
The Gorilla Glue Company's trademark fight carries little significance. It's a very bland corporation's lawyers sending cease and desist letters that likely function as a way of keeping that brand's trademark alive.
From Tyson OG to Manning OG to Bieber Kush (really), a fair share of celebrities have filed complaints over the years when dispensaries attempted to cash in on their celebrity status. But rarely have those trademark concerns actually concerned the legitimate industry and its burgeoning future.
Wales and Watty think that future includes many people growing their strain. What it doesn't include is people damaging their strain's reputation. The one-time renegades of the industry just want to go legit. Their goal is trying to clarify what constitutes as their strain and what doesn't. And of course, they're also aiming to cash in. “We think the Gorilla Glue #4 / GG Strains brand is a billion-dollar product,” Watty tells me. “We just want a tiny percentage of that. People have said we're trying to be Monsanto. We're trying to keep Monsanto out.”
And they're doing exactly that by creating a model brand for other growers and breeders to follow. They've become a real company with a real website, marketing team, a lawyer and a full staff. They have two other versions of the strain that go by Gorilla Glue #1 and Gorilla Glue #5 that have not leaked like the #4 has. They even have licensing deals in place in multiple states, and appear poised to spread the real glue and perhaps become the biggest strain-specific brand in the game.
Of course, the question remains: will this actually prevent dispensaries from growing or selling fake Gorilla Glue #4? Or calling a different something close to Gorilla Glue #4 and trying to pass it off as the real deal? Thanks to the original strain's high yields, potency, and availability, probably not. But at least consumers in the know will be able to look for a seal of approval from authorized distributors.
There are plenty of other name-brand superstar strains in the game. From the Cookies brand to California's renowned Hardcore OG by behemoth hash makers West Coast Cure to Zkittlez, these strains are more sought after than Kanye's latest album. The question lingers for all these brands, too: can a cannabis trademark actually accomplish anything?
This wild, wild west ethos of the marijuana game is a forceful tide that even the government can't slow down. Most growers, up until now, haven't cared much about their “brand” or legal issues — they care about making money.
But as the industry shifts out of the closet and into legitimacy, Wales and Watty's historic move could begin a trend of attaching strains to the people behind them. Anyone can grow a strain, and anyone can sell a strain. Few can say they created one of the best strains around.
﻿ "I fight for my corner, and I leave when the pub closes" Winston Churchill Medier Danmark:
Danske tidsskrifter:
Foreninger:
Norge:
Sverige:
Danmark:Danske tidsskrifter:Foreninger:Norge:Sverige:
Kurdisk ‘jøde' iscenesatte konfrontation under Pegida-demo mod ‘fundamentalistisk Islam' og nazisme Selvom systempressen sjældent retter fokus på den yderste venstrefløj, og stort set aldrig sætter navne på problematiske elementer, så kræver det alligevel et godt forhold til centrale aktører på den yderste venstrefløj for at kunne operere frit når de indtager gaderummet. Det bedste eksempel på ‘tålte medier' er freelancerne fra Local Eyes, der blandt andet dækker større demonstrationer i København. Pegida-demonstrationen sidste mandag var ingen undtagelse, hvad blandt andet gav en solohistorie om et racistisk overfald på fire unge af anden etnisk herkomst, “… der fik sig et chok… da de af ren nysgerrighed ville se Pegida-demonstrationen ved den lille Havfrue på Langelinie”. (Local Eyes-fotojournalist Robert Hermandsen til demonstration, 19. januar 2015) Flere medier bragte historien i let nedtonede udgaver. “Blot få gange var der optræk til ballade. Da Pegida-demonstrationen var nået til Den Lille Havfrue, kom en nysgerrig, ung mand lidt for tæt på Pegida-demonstranterne. 20-årige Akar, der er dansk-kurder, var taget til Langelinie for at se, hvad det hele gik ud på.” (BT v/ Jon Kirketerp Jørgensen, Kenan Seeberg, Jesper Vestergaard Larsen, 19. januar 2015) “People are saying, that they are here because of freedom of speech, but… We can't even say the things that we wan't to.” (AEH'er i lang sort frakke; Local Eyes, Youtube, 19. januar 2015)
“Pegida-demonstranter overfalder ung mand… Ved Langelinje blev en ung mand omringet af aggressive demonstranter, da han sang Bella Chiao for at overdøve deres fællessang.” (Dagbladet Arbejderen, 19. januar 2015) Local Eyes-artiklen er decideret usand. Urias-læsere fortæller, at flere af de fire først deltog i den revolutionære moddemonstration, og herefter fulgte Pegida-optoget. Her provokeredes med slagord såsom ‘Ja til medister, nej til halal' og ‘Ja til Mussolini, nej til Muhammed', hvad omgående røg på Twitter via venstreradikale Projekt Antifa (læs: Antifascistisk Aktion). Samme organ berettede også om en happening fra ‘antiracistiske cyklister', og det er selvfølgelig koordineret hjemmefra. Slagordene fik ikke den ønskede effekt, og under fællessangen gik den ene et skridt videre, og sang lidt fra den kommunistiske slagsang ‘Bella Ciao'. Enkelte lod sig nu provokere, men politiet fik hurtigt problembarnet ud. (Projekt Antifa på Twitter, 19. januar 2015) Den yderste venstrefløj har det nemt. De lader en sympatisør ødelægge den fredelige Pegida-demo med pro-fascistiske råb, og kan så hænge Pegida ud som fascister. Bærer provokationen frugt, står massemediernes kameraer klar til at dokumentere militante islamkritikere. Den aggressive ved Pegida-demonstrationen sidste mandag var en 20-årig kurdisk jøde ved navn Akar Chaim Barhon, der smiler bredt, mens flere tv-hold filmer seancen. Skulle nogen være i tvivl om de slette motiver, så indrømmer han faktisk på Facebook, at det hele var et mediestunt for at provokere dem han samme aften kalder for ‘voldsliderlige xenofober!'. Provokationen lykkedes ikke helt – flere greb ind, hvorefter politiet fulgte ham ud. To gange. (Collage: Politiet ekskorterer smilende Akar Chaim Barhon ud efter happening, 19. januar 2015) (Akar Chaim Barhon fejrer mediestuntet på Facebook, 20. januar 2015; Foto: tilsendt) Politisk tilhører han ikke overraskende den yderste venstrefløj, og han ifølge Projekt Antifa på Facebook at dømme, deltaget i en Antifascistisk Aktion-demo mod Danish Defence League-pebernødderuddeling i Frederiksberg Centret. Den endte naturligvis med fysiske angreb. I Ekstra Bladets video ses i øvrigt Local Eyes i færd med at filme forurettede i et Metro-tog, i modsætning til andre pressefotografer, helt uinteresseret i de angribende. Dokumentation. (To fra gruppen deltager uproblematisk i Pegida-demonstrationen, 19. januar 2015) (Akar Chaim Barhon blandt dem han tre timer senere betegner som ‘voldsliderlige xenofober!') Opdate. Kilde fortæller, at selvom Akar (Chaim) Barhon går med davidstjerne og kommer i en synagoge, så er ikke jøde. Han overvejer at konvertere, men det er ikke sket endnu. The URI to TrackBack this entry is: http://www.uriasposten.net/archives/63361/trackback RSS feed for comments on this post. Denne weblog er læst af siden 22. juni 2003.
Product Description
Lighter than a similarly rated sleeping bag. No squirming around to get in and out. Easy to vent for temperature control. It was designed with the ground sleeper in mind. It is wider (52 inches) at the shoulders and down through the hips to eliminate drafts, and then tapers to 42 inches at the foot end; the foot box has been lengthened for better tuck control; and six lacing tabs have been added to the sides to secure the quilt around a pad if desired. Form the foot box and use as a top quilt or wear as a serape using the non-snagging, mixed hook & loop re-sealable head hole. For individuals over 5 feet 10 inches tall we offer a long version (86″ in length). Includes a 1.2 oz. JRB silnyl compression sack, and can be compressed to the size of a small melon 7″x7″x8″.
Activ-dri down™ – Activ-dri™ is a hydrophobic down treatment that keeps the down drier, while having no adverse effects on loft, fill power, or warmth retention. Activ-dri down is still down insulation and should be protected from direct exposure to moisture. All types of insulation, whether down or synthetic, will degrade in insulation capability if wetted.
UPDATE: The champagne corks are popping at PETA because the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has rightly held that California's foie gras ban was not preempted by federal law, thereby reinstating the law that prohibits selling the diseased livers of birds who were overfed forcibly through a tube that was rammed down their throats. PETA has protested against this practice for years, showing videos of geese being force-fed that no one but the most callous chefs could stomach and revealing that foie gras is torture on toast and unimaginably cruel. Now, the court has agreed that California can prohibit its sale. PETA reminds everyone that faux gras, which can be eaten with a clear conscience, is readily available.
Posted December 9, 2016:
The state of California enacted a ban on sales of foie gras in 2012 in response to the cruelty inherent in the production of this vile product, during which workers repeatedly jam pipes down ducks' throats and pump up to 4 pounds of grain and fat into them to sicken them and enlarge their livers. After the ban went into effect, a restaurant group, poultry producer Hudson Valley Foie Gras, and others sued the state to invalidate the law, arguing that it was preempted by the federal Poultry Products Inspection Act (PPIA). In 2015, a federal judge agreed and overturned the ban, meaning that California restaurants were free to serve it again. The state appealed, and on Wednesday, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held oral arguments.
During the hearing on Wednesday, Judge Harry Pregerson—one member of the three-judge panel hearing the case—explicitly stated that foie gras production is “absolutely cruel.”
© StopGavage.com
He refuted the argument used to strike down the ban—which is that the PPIA preempts California's foie gras ban—by pointing out that the PPIA addresses ingredient requirements, not how animals raised for food are treated. Referring to ducks and geese raised for foie gras, he explained,
“[T]hey're treated cruelly. You have to open their mouths, you stuff a device all the way down their throats—jam it in—so that it affects their livers. Their livers become bloated.”
When the State argued that the PPIA does not apply to “how a bird was fed well before it reaches the slaughterhouse,” Pregerson, in agreement, elaborated, “Not only how the bird is fed, but it's how the bird is cruelly fed. That's what it's about.”
When an attorney for poultry producers tried to dodge his question about whether ducks enjoy being force-fed by saying, “California doesn't get to determine the enjoyment of a New York duck,” Pregerson fired back with “But do you think the duck enjoys that? They have to grab the duck and hold it. And jam a thing through its throat.”
Judge Pregerson's strong statements echo the thoughts of every kind person and humane organization in the world. They inspire confidence that California's foie gras ban will be reinstated, and as soon as it is, PETA will call on other states to follow suit.
Share this exciting update with your friends, family, and social media followers. Let them know that foie gras is a product of extreme cruelty to sensitive ducks, and encourage them to avoid it—and all other animal products—by going vegan today.
DeKalb County's leaders have long supported proposals to expand MARTA eastward along Interstate 20 to Stonecrest Mall.
But the latest $8 billion MARTA measure being discussed by the Georgia General Assembly causes some problems for DeKalb.
Interim DeKalb CEO Lee May and the DeKalb Board of Commissioners recently drafted a letter saying the county “has been placed in a very awkward posture” because a vote on raising MARTA sales taxes could conflict with the county's infrastructure sales tax proposal.
The county plans to ask voters to decide in November whether to add 1 cent per dollar to their sales taxes to pay for roads, public safety facilities and other infrastructure through a special purpose local option sales tax (SPLOST).
If a half-cent per dollar proposal to fund MARTA's growth were also on the ballot on the same day, that initiative could undermine the SPLOST effort, according to the county's letter.
“Unfortunately, the proposed half-penny competes with our top sales tax priority to advance a 1-cent SPLOST referendum in November 2016 to meet the basic essential needs of our constituency — crumbling roads,” said the Jan. 26 letter, which was addressed to MARTA CEO Keith Parker and MARTA's board.
Further, the county's letter says DeKalb and Fulton counties have paid for MARTA over the last 45 years without support from the state or the region. DeKalb, Fulton and Clayton counties already pay a 1 percent sales tax for MARTA.
“Therefore, we respectfully request that MARTA reconsider its funding options and instead give focus to expanding partnerships to develop regional funding alternatives to address ‘regional' transit needs,” according to the letter.
The letter won't be sent until the DeKalb Commission votes on it next week at the soonest.
Unsealed Warrant Shows FBI Malware Affected Innocent Tor Users While Agency Ran More Than 20 Child Porn Sites
from the supporting-justifications-cited:-1.-the-ends dept
Thanks to the ACLU's push to unseal documents related to the FBI's targeting of TorMail users and Freedom Hosting, the warrant affidavits supporting its NIT deployment have been released by the agency. Joseph Cox of Motherboard reports:
In 2013, the FBI received permission to hack over 300 specific users of dark web email service TorMail. But now, after the warrants and their applications have finally been unsealed, experts say the agency illegally went further, and hacked perfectly legitimate users of the privacy-focused service. “That is, while the warrant authorized hacking with a scalpel, the FBI delivered their malware to TorMail users with a grenade,” Christopher Soghoian, principal technologist at the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), told Motherboard in an email.
The 99-page affidavit [PDF] is lightly-redacted but contains some completely uncensored and surprising admissions from the agency. Contrary to its post-release statements about the scope of the "narrowly-tailored" warrant not being exceeded, the actual contents show the deployment of the NIT to unmask Tor users is much more aligned with Soghoian's "grenade" description.
As Cox points out, the TorMail affidavit [PDF] says the NIT would only be delivered to logged-in, specifically-targeted TorMail users.
[T]he NIT… will be deployed on the TARGET ACCOUNTS while the TARGET ACCOUNTS operate in the District of Maryland, to investigate any user who logs into any of the TARGET ACCOUNTS by entering a username and password.
In reality, the deployment occurred the moment a user landed on any site utilizing Freedom Hosting -- not just the child porn sites the FBI had taken control of. And the number of sites the FBI was running during this investigation is staggering.
According to the new documents, the NIT was used against users of 23 separate websites.
If you thought the FBI's admin efforts for two separate child porn websites (in two investigations spaced a couple of years apart) were questionable, you have to wonder about the morality (or legality) of the US government becoming one of the world's largest distributor of child pornography. Researcher Sarah Jamie Lewis notes that, according to her numbers, the FBI could have been operating close to half (if not more) of the child porn websites in existence.
And, as for the claims the FBI didn't exceed the scope of the warrant: that's clearly not true. The warrant was issued in Maryland and was delivered to users all over the world. The supporting affidavit contains descriptions of one site apparently located in Hungary, but never makes any attempt to limit the FBI efforts to within US borders, much less Maryland.
The NIT violated Rule 41 limitations and then exceeded the FBI's own assertions about targeting specific users. It continues to deploy the same malware against Tor users with a similar lack of concern for jurisdictional restrictions or its implicit invitation for foreign law enforcement agencies to engage in the same tactics against US citizens.
Filed Under: 4th amendment, child porn, doj, fbi, malware, nit, playpen, warrant
Recent changes to the way Sprint handles customers WiMAX service should make it easier for the company to transition users over to the latest wireless data technology sooner.
Changes to Sprint's Terms of Service that went into effect on May 22 and were spotted over the weekend will allow the service to “migrate” those relying on the company's WiMAX service to be automatically switched to its LTE service without their expressed consent as long as the company gives those users effected “reasonable advance noticed”.
In addition to letting Sprint automatically switch them over to LTE, users can also choose to opt out and finish the remainder of their service agreement, though they'll have to do so without WiMAX capabilities.
The company will provide users switching to the new LTE service with a “standard Sprint LTE-capable device” at no cost, though the Terms and Services changes doesn't provide an exact definition of what constitutes that standard.
For those who wish to not remain a Sprint customer after the change in service, the company will allow users to terminate their contract and take their wireless business somewhere else.
That's huge since wireless companies rarely waive their pretty sizable early termination fees for departing users for any reason. Sprint currently requires users to pay an early termination fee of $350 per line for what it calls “advanced devices” and up to $200 per line for all other devices.
Sprint hasn't announced an official date for when they'll discontinue their WiMAX data network entirely. In a statement with FierceWireless, a representative for Sprint did indicate that the company added the changes to its Terms of Service to give it room to shut down the WiMAX network before some service agreements end saying:
“The change in contract language that took effect May 22 anticipates the possibility that we may be ready to begin decommissioning the WiMAX network before the end of some contracts for customers with WiMAX devices. The new language provides Sprint with the flexibility to give customers LTE devices so that their service is not interrupted.”
Read: Sprint to Buy Clearwire for Spectrum and Upcoming TD-LTE Network
Sprint's WiMAX network is solely based on the services provided by Clearwire. Agreements that the two companies signed in December 2011 indicate that after this year Sprint will be required to pay Clearwire for every user that's actively on the network instead of the flat fee that it pays them now.
While Sprint does own nearly 50% of Clearwire, Dish Network has been angling to buy out the WiMAX provider entirely. That's a counter offer from the buyout proposal Sprint has already offered the company already.
COLUMBIA, S.C. -- Former NFL quarterback Donovan McNabb is a big fan of Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton. He's not a big fan of Carolina's free-agency strategy that left the 2011 Heisman Trophy winner without his top four wide receivers from last season.
"Oh, I would be worried," McNabb told ESPN.com on Wednesday before South Carolina defensive end Jadeveon Clowney began his pro day. "First of all, I didn't have a top wide receiver until pretty much T.O. [Terrell Owens] got there.
"For him, I'm just wondering what they are doing to build around him. You lose Brandon LaFell, you lose Steve Smith, Ted Ginn's gone. All you have at this point is Greg Olsen."
Olsen is Carolina's tight end, who led the team in receptions last season with 73.
I reminded McNabb, now an analyst for Fox Sports, that0 Carolina signed Pittsburgh Steelers free agent Jerricho Cotchery. He didn't seem impressed.
"Greg Olsen," he reiterated as Newton's only legitimate weapon.
McNabb wasn't suggesting the Panthers should have gone after former Philadelphia Eagles teammate DeSean Jackson, who signed with Washington after being cut last week.
He respects the opinions of Carolina coach Ron Rivera and defensive coordinator Sean McDermott, who were with him during parts of his career in Philly.
"But you've still got to give him some help," he said of Newton. "The quarterback is only as good as the people around him. If you don't ever want him to throw to a player that can create big plays out of the passing game, it's not going to go well."
And to Rivera's argument that the Panthers don't have to have a bona fide No. 1 receiver to be successful, McNabb simply rolled his eyes.
"I hate when teams [say] that," McNabb said. "Who are they, Bill Belichick and the Patriots now?"
McNabb's best example is himself. Let's go back to his comment that he didn't have a true No. 1 until Owens arrived in Philadelphia in 2004.
In the two seasons before Owens, McNabb threw a combined 33 touchdown passes. With Owens, he completed a career-high 64 percent of his passes for a career-high 31 touchdowns and 3,875 yards.
He also ran less that season -- 41 times for 202 yards after averaging 69.8 carries and 447.8 yards rushing in his first five seasons.
To further the argument, McNabb had two of his better seasons late in his career with Jackson in 2008 and 2009.
"[A receiver] doesn't have to be considered a No. 1, but in their offense you need a top dog," McNabb said of Carolina. "We've seen what Steve Smith can do in that offense. We've seen how LaFell has been able to get catches off of Steve Smith.
"What are they going to get them off? Jerricho Cotchery? What was Jerricho Cotchery in Pittsburgh? A No. 4? A 3?"
To be fair, Cotchery caught a career-high 10 touchdown passes last season. He was also the third or fourth receiver.
Regardless, McNabb is concerned about the Carolina passing game. But he's not concerned with Newton, who is out approximately four months recovering from recent surgery to tighten tendons in his left ankle.
He recalled overcoming a broken right ankle in 2002 to be stronger than ever.
"The biggest thing is they're going to benefit from making the playoffs," McNabb said. A record of "12-4 is not easy. What did they do? Win eight straight? That says a lot, and the quarterback is responsible for that."
McNabb likes where Newton is mentally, and that Newton no longer feels the urgency to do it all on the field. But will that change due to the loss of weapons from last season?
"It's just a minor setback," McNabb said of the surgery. "He'll be ready for training camp, which is good. Obviously, it's going to take some time to recover. But Rivera understands how to slowly put him in that arena, that progression to be right.
"He's still a franchise quarterback."
Two former allies of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are vowing to appeal after being convicted Friday in a plot to use traffic jams at the George Washington Bridge for political retaliation.
Bridget Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, a Christie appointee to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, were found guilty Friday of all counts against them.
FULL CBS NEW YORK BRIDGEGATE COVERAGE
Kelly and Baroni were convicted of scheming with former Christie ally David Wildstein to punish Democratic Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich for not endorsing Christie when he ran for re-election in 2013. Wildstein pleaded guilty.
Christie said in a statement Friday that the verdict affirmed his decision to terminate Baroni and Kelly and that the jury held them “responsible for their own conduct.”
“I'm saddened by this case and I'm saddened about the choices made by Bill Baroni, Bridget Kelly and David Wildstein. Today's verdict does not change this for me,” Christie said in a statement. “But let me be clear once again, I had no knowledge prior to or during these lane realignments, and had no role in authorizing them. No believable evidence was presented to contradict that fact. Anything said to the contrary over the past six weeks in court is simply untrue.”
Christie added that as a former federal prosecutor, “I have respected these proceedings and refused to comment on the daily testimony from the trial. I will set the record straight in the coming days regarding the lies that were told by the media and in the courtroom.”
The verdict on charges including conspiracy, misapplying the property of the Port Authority, wire fraud and deprivation of civil rights came before the judge ruled on a request by defense attorneys to declare a mistrial in the case.
The most serious charges carry up to 20 years in prison. Kelly cried as the verdict was read, while Baroni showed no emotion. Sentencing was scheduled for Feb. 21.
“We are gratified that the jury saw the evidence the same way we did,” U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman said in a news conference.
Both defendants announced plans to appeal, citing issues including disputed jury instructions. Their attorneys argued that jury instructions allowing them to convict without considering the political revenge motive were unfair.
“My client was innocent walking in there. I thought we presented the case to display her innocence, and obviously surprised and disappointed in the verdict that was returned,” Kelly's attorney, Michael Critchley, said in a news conference as an emotional Kelly stood by his side. She did not speak.
At a second news conference, Baroni said he was “innocent of these charges.”
“I am very, very looking forward to this appeal,” he said.
Bill Baroni says he is innocent. After GUILTY verdict on all counts @CBSNewYork #bridgegate pic.twitter.com/vQiq8g2FiD — Meg Baker (@megbakertv) November 4, 2016
Baroni's attorney, Michael Baldassare, said the U.S. Attorney's Office should have “had belief in their own case to charge powerful people and they did not.”
“I don't have anything specifically to say about the governor, but I will say this: In keeping with the disgrace that was this trial, one of the things that the U.S. Attorney's office should be ashamed of is where it decided to draw the line on who to charge and who not to charge,” Baldassare said.
Fishman said that he only charged people they could by legal standards.
“We indicted only the people who we believed that we had evidence beyond a reasonable doubt, which as you know is the constitutional standard — evidence beyond a reasonable doubt — to convict in this courthouse,” Fishman said.
Democratic state Sen. Loretta Weinberg, who helped lead a legislative effort to investigate the lane closings, said it was a terrible day for New Jersey and “a terrible day to have a spotlight on the kind of administration that was run.”
“Nothing shocks me about New Jersey anymore, but it saddens me,” she said. “I think there's been a spotlight on the Christie administration. I said I didn't care if he knew about it before, during or after. He set the stage and people unfortunately got suckered in.”
The federal jury of seven men and five women were presented with more than 7,000 pieces of evidence over the course of six weeks. They took five days to reach a verdict in the scandal that helped sink Christie's Republican campaign for president.
Kelly and Baroni testified they believed the lane closings were part of a legitimate traffic study because, they said, that was what Wildstein told them. Wildstein testified that both defendants were aware of the plan to punish Sokolich.
The defense portrayed Wildstein as a liar and a dirty trickster, “the Bernie Madoff of New Jersey politics,” and argued that Christie and his inner circle had thrown the 44-year-old Kelly under the bus.
“They want that mother of four to take the fall for them. Cowards. Cowards,” Critchley said in a thundering closing argument.
One of the most damning pieces of evidence was an email in which Kelly wrote: “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee.” Then, as the four days of gridlock unfolded and Sokolich complained about children unable to get to school, she texted: “Is it wrong that I am smiling?”
On the stand, Kelly explained that she was referring to what she thought was the traffic study and expressing satisfaction that it was going well. As for why Kelly deleted the messages, her lawyer suggested she was afraid she was about to be made the scapegoat.
Christie has denied any knowledge of the plot and wasn't charged. But Kelly, Baroni and Wildstein all testified Christie was informed about the lane closings either before or while they were going on.
Wildstein, for example, said that Christie was told about the traffic jam as it was happening and that he laughed and sarcastically joked that nothing political was going on when he learned of Sokolich's distress over not getting his calls returned.
But it was not clear from Wildstein's testimony whether Christie knew the bumper-to-bumper mess was manufactured for political reasons. And Kelly testified that she told Christie the lane-closings were a traffic study when she informed him of the plans about a month ahead of time.
“The testimony of a witness in this courthouse against a person or about a person who is not represented in this courtroom is not actually admissible in a subsequent proceeding,” Fishman said of the claims against Christie.
Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich reacted to Friday's verdict, saying “to have found them not guilty would effectively encourage those that participate in this type of activity to keep doing it, that's not acceptable.”
Siding with prosecutors, U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton told jurors they didn't have to find that Kelly and Baroni knowingly intended to punish Sokolich in order to convict them of conspiracy.
CBS2's Meg Baker reported that Kelly and Baroni will likely receive somewhat more prison time than Wildstein is expected to get in his plea deal, which is about two and a half years plus a fine.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
On Saturday December 17th, a Phoenix / Firestorm Q&A was held at the Rockcliffe University regions, where Jessica took questions on both Viewers from the audience and which had been posted beforehand either to her directly, or via the Phoenix blog.
The event, hosted by Nigma Sterling, was recorded for those who could not attend, and the video has now been released on YouTube. The video is some 2hrs 30 mins long, and covers a lot of ground.
This is an honest and open response to the many criticisms the team have faced from their user community, and for those that have concerns about Phoenix and / or Firestorm it is a worthwhile spending time watching it.
I've not been privy to much of the situation that is alluded to in the video – the heated discussions regarding Phoenix and the perceptions that the team are somehow “abandoning” their users in “forcing” them into the V3 world through Firestorm – and i'm not about to embroil myself in it.
However, I do emphasise very much with Jessica and the team – indeed with all TPV developers in that they all face a difficult hill to climb, whether they are attempting to stay current and work within the constraints of the new Viewer code base or whether they are trying to work within the constraints of a code base (Viewer 1) that has been effectively frozen by LL for a year now, and which LL have themselves indicated is only going to get more and more broken as time goes on.
It's a thankless task, however you look at it, and one that is never going to please everyone, be it for genuine technical issues or simply because of people's unwillingness to take the time to work with a new UI. This being the case, I'm going to take a moment and lift a metaphorical glass of mulled wine to all TPV developers and say “thank you” for all of your efforts over the years.
Sadly, I cannot embed the Phoenix / Firestorm Q&A, as it is locked from doing so. However, you can see it here.
Advertisements
Larry Craig & one of his lovers did not meet at a church social
Craig's assistant used to bring in all the porn Craig would have him download to external drives (Eurocreme, anyone?). Seems he didn't want the discs around so they were put onto drives with boring congressional type names but they were full of Baitbus and Fratmen TV downloads, Eurocreme movies and Tiësto mixes! Can't indict Craig with the behavior of his assistant but the assistant stayed high and horny. His living room was a porn shrine (six monitors running 24/7 and a projection on the ceiling.) He was in the club at all hours and always fucked up. One just had to wonder what kind of boss would tolerate that shit...
...I remember a high up consultant on strategies in Iraq (a psychology specialist on the Iraqi mindset). He'd brag about his friendship with Reagan. He used to get all fucked up and try to lure boys to his home with drugs that he carried in a pouch. He left the pouch behind one night and it was loaded with everything from syringes, hashish and ketamine sealed in vials to coke, meth and viagra! An easy 15 years hard time's worth. That bastard actually called the next day looking for it! When he picked it up, someone here told him he might not want to travel with all that shit and definitely should not call around looking for it! He just laughed and said, "depends on who's in office!"
Caught in a public toilet (again) soliciting anonymous sex from a hunky young plainclothes policeman (right), Craig has been kicked to the curb by his right-wing allies. The far right blogosphere is demanding he resign this week. Mitt Romney fired him as head of his Idaho campaign and senatorial outreach program and has forbidden his son Josh to even travel to Boise. I don't hear any of Craig's barbershop quartet buddies-- like Trent Lott-- coming to his defense and I don't hear the other closeted Republican homophobes in the Congress-- like Senators Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) or House members David Dreier (R-CA), Jim McCrery (R-LA), Phil English (R-PA), Denny Hastert (R-IL), Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA), or any of the others-- asking for understanding and sympathy.
...I think Larry Craig, Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham should give a press conference on the steps of Capitol Hill today and tell the world that they're gay and that they're sorry for their homophobic behavior and that from now on they will lead lives just like ordinary Americans-- no more closets, no more furtive sex in public toilets, no more lying and cheating. Larry, Mitch, Lindsey, come out, be proud of who you are. Save yourselves from the misery and aguish. Congressman Bob Bauman (R-MD) was a far right GOP congressman and a founding member of both the Young Americans for Freedom and the Conservative Union (of which he was chairman). In 1980 the congressman was arrested for having sex from a 16 year old boy. He was defeated in his re-election bid and his wife, who was also a YAF member, had their marriage annulled. Bauman wrote a book which all elected Republicans should read, The Gentleman From Maryland. He wrote poignantly about how his secret double life was so stressful that it led to alcoholism. He finally admitted he was gay and became a bit of a gay activist, in a conservative way.
A few weeks ago Sam Stein took a look at the post-senatorial careers of Larry Craig and other recent ex-Senators. Many, like Craig, are cashing in on their government contacts by peddling influence as lobbyists. You'll recall that the former hysterically and virulently homophobic right-wing extremist from Idaho was caught trying to perform fellatio on a handsome young police officer in a public toilet. He still claims "I am not gay ." Craig is being paid to lobby for taking gray wolves off the endangered species list. Other defeated and retired senators from his class whoring themselves out as lobbyists are Wayne Allard (R-CO), John Warner (R-VA), Senator Gordon Smith (R-OR), John Sununu (R-NH), and Norm Coleman (R-MN).Speaking of gray wolves and gay GOP hate-filled homophobic closet cases, I happened to get an e-mail the other day from an employee at one of the discreet establishments in DC that cater to closeted politicians of the homophobic persuasion who are addicted to boy flesh. Larry Craig was a regular client, and although the e-mail was about another Republican (who doesn't necessarily merit being outed at this time, at least not by me), he mentioned in passing some interesting points about then-Senator Craig and other mentally unbalanced Republicans. "I could have a field day writing about the Republican closet where even the straightest of the GOP know where to go to get serviced, as it were," he wrote. [WARNING: the links below are hard-core; if you're easily offended, DO NOT click on them.]I thought it might be a good time to revisit this since Craig still insists he has never been gay and thinks he can get rich in DC by working his magic on his old Republican colleagues:
Labels: gay Republicans, Larry Craig, Republican hypocrisy
Jerald Loud, a DFL House candidate in northern Minnesota, boasts on his campaign website that he has three adult daughters, but two of them say they have disowned him, and he has no contact with the third.
“He is not a father or a family man, and we are not his daughters,” said Emily Metzger, who said Loud abandoned her when she was 10 after a 2004 divorce, Loud's second.
Metzger's sister Natasha Laumei said she changed her name to disassociate herself from Loud. “I want nothing to do with him, and I don't want him to have any kind of claim on me,” she said.
Loud's campaign is already being hit by Republican attacks stemming from a Star Tribune story that cited a ruling in a divorce more than 30 years ago in which the judge found that Loud had “battered” his ex-wife.
House DFL Minority Leader Paul Thissen released a statement condemning domestic abuse and adding: “The House DFL Caucus has not spent resources in this race, and we have no plans to do so.”
The race is a political headache for the DFL, which is fighting hard to win seven House seats for majority status.
Loud, a 10-year Navy veteran from Puposky, Minn., who runs a program for needy families for the Red Lake Nation, is competing for an open seat now held by a Republican.
His daughters Metzger and Laumei contacted the Star Tribune, saying they were alarmed by Loud's candidacy and resentful they are cited — even incidentally — in his campaign materials.
Loud responded with this statement: “Divorces are emotionally painful for all involved, especially the children. I take full responsibility for my actions or inaction in how I handled our relationship following the divorce.
“If there is anything I could do over, that would be one of them,” he said. “I wish my daughters the very best. My phone has always been available, and my heart will always be open.”
Annette Bellino, Loud's first wife, said his abuse sent her to the emergency room several times. Bellino said Loud has no contact with their daughter or five grandchildren.
Laumei said there were scattered incidents of “yanking, grabbing, pushing” during her teenage years but classified most of the trouble with Loud as emotional abuse. She could not recall the police being called, but she said she faced many incidents of threatening, demeaning and bullying behavior from Loud.
She said her passion to become a trauma counselor in the Pacific Northwest likely originated from her difficult childhood.
Asked why she came forward, Laumei said, “I kept an eye out, making sure he wasn't trying to get to a bigger position in the community, because if and when that happened, I wanted to speak out.”
J. Patrick Coolican • 651-925-5042
CNN reporter blamed 'stress and a lack of food' for drunkenly biting two EMT workers at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad
Arwa Damon, a CNN foreign correspondent, allegedly drunkenly a bit two EMT workers in Baghdad
She was at the U.S. Embassy in the city when the incident occurred
The workers, Tracy Lamar and Charles Simon, who work for a private contractor in the city, are suing CNN
A CNN spokesperson has denied knowledge of the lawsuit
Lamar and Simon are seeking $1 million each
The State Department has now launched an investigation after one of CNN's foreign ​correspondents ​allegedly bit two medical workers​ ​during a drunken fit at the US Embassy​ in Baghdad​.
Senior international correspondent A​rwa Damon was said to be drunk and abusive to medics stationed on the grounds of the embassy.
Tracy Lamar and Charles Simons, EMTs working for a private contractor in Iraq, say Damon chomped into each of their left arms as they tried to help her.
More than she could chew: Arwa Davis, a respected journalist who covers the Middle East for CNN, allegedly bit two EMTs in a drunken rage
Top reporter: Arwa Damon speaks four languages and was recently awarded the Courage in Journalism Award by the International Women's Media Foundation
It's alleged she bit both EMTs on their forearms as they tried to treat her on July 19.
The medics were called to calm the correspondent after she became 'totally out of control.'
Gossip and rumor column Page Six says the State Department prepared a report on the incident, which was sent to CNN however Damon continued working for the network regardless.
She then penned a groveling apology to US Embassy staff about her 'disastrous behavior,' which she claims she doesn't fully remember.
She said in an e-mail: 'It's been an extremely stressful time, I was exhausted, I had not had proper food all day and clearly miscalculated how my body would handle the alcohol consumed … Needless to say, I am utterly mortified and take full responsibility for my actions, which are inexcusable.'
She added, 'I am being filled in on the details of my behavior. I am beyond embarrassed. My actions and words were entirely out of my character, and I hope that everyone can at some point forgive me.'
'So once again, I am apologizing and extending my thanks to all that were involved in ensuring that I am, thankfully, in the end, taken care of and physically at least OK. Everyone was extremely professional and courteous in the face of my unjustified behavior,' she continued.
The suit claims that CNN was aware Damon had a history of drunken aggression, and was even known to be violent when sober
It's now believed a $2 million lawsuit​ has been filed against Damon and CNN in Manhattan​.
According to the New York Post, the papers say Damon, 36, bit EMT​​s Tracy Lamar and Charles Simons as they tried to help her, before threatening them and saying she was a 'major reporter for CNN,' but when this failed she became physically violent.'
She was biting them both pretty furiously. She has good teeth. Eventually they subdued her,' David Jaroslawicz, an attorney for Simons and Lamar said.
The suit claims CNN hired Damon knowing she 'has a history of becoming intoxicated and then abusive,' and a 'penchant for violence even when sober.'
' It's been an extremely stressful time, I was exhausted, I had not had proper food all day and clearly miscalculated how my body would handle the alcohol consumed … Needless to say, I am utterly mortified and take full responsibility for my actions, which are inexcusable.'
CNN are still denying all knowledge of the lawsuit and are refusing to comment on the case.
The EMTs' lawyer, David Jaroslawicz, added, 'To get so very drunk and attack people who are trying to help you is somewhat disturbing, particularly as a reporter.'
Damon's biography on CNN states that she's an award-winning journalist whose recent focus has been on the situation in Syria.
She won an Emmy for Outstanding Live Coverage of a Current News Story for her reporting on the Arab Spring, as well as a Peabody Award.
Recently, she was given the Courage in Journalism Award by the International Women's Media Foundation .
The water crisis in Flint, Mich., has elicited a lot more hand-wringing and apologies than concrete actions to provide for the needs of children and adults whose health may be damaged by water from pipes that are leaching lead into taps all over the city. The state government, whose officials caused this crisis, has been loath to commit substantial funds to long-term needs, and Congress, under the control of Republicans, is finding excuses not to rescue this poverty-stricken, majority-black city of nearly 100,000 people.
The evasions were on prominent display on both sides of Congress this week.
A House oversight committee held a hearing on Wednesday whose purpose was purportedly to identify those responsible for the Flint crisis and determine what could be done to alleviate it. But the committee failed to summon Rick Snyder, the Republican governor of Michigan, whose environmental officials and emergency managers were the ones who made monumental blunders that led the city to draw water from the polluted Flint River without treating it properly. Instead, Republicans heaped blame on the Environmental Protection Agency, which made mistakes but was a bit player in this drama.
Then on Thursday, in the Senate, negotiations between Republicans and Democrats on a financial aid package for Flint, to be attached to a bipartisan energy bill awaiting passage, broke down, and Democrats refused to approve the bill without the aid package, pushing any hope of assistance into next week.
The Democrats have already yielded a lot of ground, cutting their original $600 million aid package to less than half of that, only to meet Republican objections that the costs were not fully offset by other cuts in federal spending and that no money should be provided until Michigan had a more thorough plan on how the money would be spent.
The new LEGO Marvel Super Heroes sets are now available for pre-order on Amazon UK and as a result, the official images of these new sets are now available as well. Below are the new LEGO Guardians of the Galaxy sets as well as the X-Men set. There is also a video demonstation of the Milano set from Marco.
Starblaster Showdown (76019)
Launch into battle against the Sakaaran's Necrocraft in the awesome Starblaster and help Star-Lord to escape with the orb! Place the Nova officer in the cockpit and launch into the sky. Fold back the wings for high-speed pursuit mode and then flip them up to activate arrest mode. Use the space blasters and boot thrusters of Star-Lord to outwit the enemy and protect the priceless orb! Includes 3 minifigures with assorted weapons and accessories: Star-Lord, the Sakaaran and a Nova officer.
Knowhere Escape Mission (76020)
Team up with Groot and Rocket Raccoon to plot an escape from Knowhere! They've discovered the rare orb in the mining fields, only to be ambushed by the bad guys. Evade shots from the huge bazooka assembled by the Sakaaran and the evil Nebula and return fire with Rocket Raccoon's custom space blaster. Leap into action with the gigantic posable Groot to confront the sword-wielding Nebula. Launch a fierce counter-attack so Rocket Raccoon can get away in the mining pod with the precious orb in its grabbing claw! Includes 3 minifigures with assorted weapons: Rocket Raccoon, Nebula and the Sakaaran, plus Groot figure.
The Milano Spaceship Rescue (76021)
Prepare for an epic clash between the Guardians of the Galaxy and the ultimate villain, Ronan! Ronan zooms into this epic deep-space battle in his personal Necrocraft, backed up by the Sakaaran, and holding his all-powerful Cosmi-Rod ready to strike. Luckily, Star-Lord is prepared to launch a counter-attack with the equally potent Hadron Enforcer and 2 iconic space blasters. Steer the mighty Milano Spaceship into battle with Gamora and Drax, firing the stud shooters and flick missiles to repel this evil threat to the Galaxy. Includes 5 minifigures with assorted weapons and accessories: Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Ronan and the Sakaaran.
X-Men vs. The Sentinel (76022)
Magneto is using his powers to control The Sentinel in an attempt to capture Wolverine. Fight back fiercely with Wolverine and the other X-Men, dodging the huge robot's large laser-style weapon and rotating flick missiles. Swoop to the superhero's aid with Storm and Cyclops in the iconic Blackbird jet, firing the flick missiles and the spring-loaded shooter. Free Wolverine from The Sentinel's grabbing hands so he can rejoin the battle. Includes 4 minifigures with assorted accessories: Wolverine, Cyclops, Storm and Magneto, plus The Sentinel robot figure.
**Via Brick Heroes**
For six years now the United States has waged a drone war in the Middle East, targeting al Qaeda operatives from the sky. The strikes have been concentrated mostly in Yemen and Pakistan. They've killed, according to one tally taken early last year, about 2,400 people. Hundreds more have likely been blown to pieces since then.
One study done in 2012 found that drones were ineffective at targeting al Qaeda operatives, but very effective at accidentally killing civilians, leading to a hardening of anti-American sentiments where they're used.
But drones were necessary to win the twenty-first century war on terror, we were told. As we learned this morning, that logic has deafeningly backfired:
Al Qaeda-linked fighters seized a large army base in a dawn attack in southern Yemen on Thursday, militants and residents said, hours after the United Nations warned that the country was on the brink of civil war. The base in the southern province of Shabwa, housing a brigade of up to 2,000 government soldiers, fell after several hours of heavy clashes, residents and local news sites said. The al Qaeda-affiliated Ansar al-Sharia said on Twitter it had set off a suicide bomb at the gate and imprisoned some of the troops.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is one of the terrorist group's most dogged franchises. The drone campaign was supposed to destroy them and preserve the existing government, an American ally. Instead they and Ansar al-Sharia is on the march and the United States is evacuating its embassy.
Meanwhile Yemen's president was taken hostage by a Shia militia called the Houthis that opposes both al Qaeda and the United States. Houthis have reportedly looted American weapons and vehicles, and effectively sidelined the government.
Vast swaths of territory are now under either al Qaeda or Houthi control. Yemen, the poorest country in the Middle East, has become the southern front in a Sunni-Shia civil war that threatens to engulf the region. The UN secretary-general warned yesterday that Yemen “is collapsing before our eyes.”
President Obama defended the drone campaign in 2013, calling it “a just war – a war waged proportionally, in last resort, and in self-defense.” Yemeni civilians whose lives were immolated via remote control would probably disagree, but either way, we now seem to be on the losing side of this “just war.”
Update: The organizers have announced the date of the March for Science in Washington, D.C. The original story from January 25 is below, with minor revisions to reflect this news.
On Monday, a college student started a Facebook group calling for a march on Washington in support of science. On Tuesday, the group had fewer than 10 supporters, and the march was little more than an idea shared by a few likeminded individuals. On Wednesday, the group had more than 370,000 members — up to 800,000 by the beginning of February — with the initial organizers promising they would turn the idea into reality.
In an email to Vocativ, organizers Jonathan Berman and Caroline Weinberg said their motivation for the march was straightforward: “Scientists worldwide have been alarmed by the clear anti-science actions taken by the Trump administration,” they wrote. Berman is a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Texas Health Science Center San Antonio. Weinberg has a medical and public health background and is now a science writer in New York. (She has written three articles for Vocativ as a freelancer.)
“It has been less than a week and there have already been funding freezes and efforts to restrict scientists from communicating their findings (from tax-funded research!) with the public,” they said. “These actions are absurd and cannot be allowed to stand as policy.”
These comments refer to the Trump administration's efforts to freeze all of the Environmental Protection Agency's grants and contracts and institute a gag order on scientists at various government agencies. In news on Wednesday, the Associated Press reported that political staff will now also review all of the U.S. EPA's scientific reports and data before their public release, outraging scientists further.
The Facebook group includes scientists, concerned citizens, and more than a few people who work for the government as either employees or contractors — which explains why the group is now secret and invitation-only, though a public page also exists. Even so, the group has already grown beyond all original expectation, much as the recent Women's March went from a Facebook event created by a Hawaii retiree to a global movement of more than 2.5 million people. The hashtag #ScienceMarch offers a public record of people's motivations for getting involved.
#ScienceMarch Because, 2011 – Oklahoma had 64 man-made 3.0 earthquakes, 2016 – over 600. EPA & science matter @realDonaldTrump No to Pruitt! — I am Jen (@greendragonf1y) January 25, 2017
I am going to the #ScienceMarch because teaching science and investing in science is the only way for a country to have a future. — Brasilmagic (@Brasilmagic) January 25, 2017
Because science saves lives, creates technology, and helps the world become a better place. #ScienceMarch pic.twitter.com/DVkWlCTkhH — Kyla Jean (@KylaScientist) January 25, 2017
I support #ScienceMarch. I am alive today because of science. — KimmieLou (@jmanandmegzmom) January 25, 2017
Before the organizers set the official date, several posters in the Facebook group suggested March 14 or April 22 — Pi Day and Earth Day, respectively — as natural choices, with the latter eventually being the organizers' choice. Berman and Weinberg told Vocativ the planning is still in the very early stages and that they are in the process of meeting to flesh out just what, and who, the march will represent. Taking a lesson from the Women's March, which was critiqued early for a lack of diversity, those behind the scientists' march say they have brought in experienced organizers and a diversity committee to ensure all are represented.
“Diversity in science — both in the researchers who participate and the topics we are focused on — is a critically neglected area,” Berman and Weinberg said in their email. “We fully intend to emphasize diversity in both the planning of and mission statement for this march.” The march's explanatory page specifically mentions “science is done by POC, women, immigrants, LGBTQ, indigenous people, people of all beliefs and non-belief.”
While the main group is working toward an eventual march on Washington, several additional groups have already sprung up to offer more local solidarity with the cause. A likely non-exhaustive list of the supporting groups include cities and college towns from Boise to West Palm Beach and from Tucson to Boston, as well as statewide groups like those in Minnesota and Oklahoma. These groups are still small in number, but they offer some concrete sense of the national — international, with Vancouver included — scope of the march represented by the more than 800,000 people in the main group.
The march's purpose can't be separated from the actions of the Trump administration, but the explanatory page doesn't mention the 45th president by name. The aim, according to the organizers, is to march in support of empirically demonstrated, apolitical realities like global warming and evolution. That the Republican Party has politicized the discourse around science doesn't change those facts.
“This is not a partisan issue — people from all parts of the political spectrum should be alarmed by these efforts to deny scientific progress,” Berman and Weinberg told Vocativ. “Scientific research moves us forward and we should not allow asinine policies to thwart it.”
Great news for music fans this week. Gallant Apple executive Jimmy Iovine appeared on American television announcing that Apple's new music service makes it “easier” for women to find music.
Sitting alongside wannabe music fan Mary J Blige (who despite her inferior lady equipment has somehow – presumably through dumb luck – ended up selling over 50 million albums and becoming the most successful R&B artist of the past quarter of a century), Iovine explained that “women find it very difficult at times – some women – to find music. And this helps makes it easier with playlists, curated by real people.” I can only imagine how relieved 30-time Grammy nominee Blige was to hear that a sensible solution has been found which may one day allow women to discover music with something approximating the natural ease that men do. (On a side note, isn't it great to have someone acknowledging the unspoken truth that women aren't real people. It's about time a captain of industry said that out loud, right?!).
Our digital Mr Darcy's innovation will reassure women who want to start listening to music, but simply don't know how, with their tiny, female ears which (as science has shown) are unable to process sounds as accurately as men's; and their inferior “hands” which are so often filled up by things like shoes, babies or sexism, making record shopping or searching online for new music impossible for the average lady. Iovine also helpfully explained that one of the reasons women need music is to help them think about men “Girls are sitting around talking about boys. Or complaining about boys, when they have their heart broken, or whatever, and they need music for that, right? It's hard to find the right music. Not everybody knows a DJ.”
Iovine backtracked on his statements later (Twitter got very upset – haters gonna hate, I guess) but I think we should build on them. It's a thrill that this problem has been solved at last, particularly for a woman like me, who – through a series of hilarious misunderstandings – finds herself 20 years deep in a career in the music industry. Hot on the heels of this breakthrough, I thought I'd grab a few minutes away from trying to work out how on earth to get this 12” out of its sleeve (any ideas, guys?!?) to scribble down a few other problems women have with music. Perhaps the clever boys at Apple might like to turn their attention to these issues next.
Widespread gender inequality within the music industry
The music industry is structurally unequal. In 2013, national skills academy Creative & Cultural Skills reported that music industry jobs are 67.8 per cent male to 32.2 per cent female. It's not that women don't know the ropes – research by the Association of Independent Music shows that they are more likely to have better qualifications than their male colleagues. They just earn less – almost half of women in the music industry earn less than £10,000 a year (compared to 35 per cent of men). And of course they're less likely to be at the top – only 15 per cent of A.I.M.'s member labels are majority-owned by women.
Inequality in music production
PRS for Music report that their membership of over 95,000 songwriters and composers is only 13 per cent female. In Music Producers Guild, which represents music producers and engineers, less than 4 per cent of registered members are female. Research conducted by the Cultural Leadership Programme found that male leaders in the creative industries outnumbered female leaders by two and a half to one in 2009.
Sexual assault at gigs
This has always been a problem, but is finally part of the wider conversation. Grassroots organisations like @safegigs4women and @girlsagainst are bringing the issue to the fore and debating how to address it. Sadie Dupuis from the band Speedy Ortz (@sad13) is taking direct action – the band recently set up a helpline for fans who experienced harassment or groping at their live shows, aiming to “leverage our privilege as performers to help keep our friends in the crowd safer”.
Misogyny in music industry culture
For more on this, check out the Twitter timeline of Pitchfork critic Jessica Hopper. A few months ago, she invited music-loving women to share their experiences of industry sexism, and was inundated with a flood of responses, which were a piquant combination – simultaneously unsurprising, depressing, enraging and invigorating (to hear women speaking up). From the singer who was told to try another take of a vocal track “naked this time” to the DJ who has been asked “are those your boyfriend's records?”, so many times she lost count to darker tales of power wielded against women in very ugly ways.
It's great that women now have the help they so badly need to “find” music. Wouldn't it be even better if - once they did - the industry that sells it treated them like they were “real people”, too?
@laurenlaverne
Questions are being raised about shift lengths of Calgary Transit drivers after a CTrain operator refused to go any further along the Red Line in the city's northwest Wednesday night.
“He came over the speaker and said that just due to the fact that he had been scheduled for over 12 hours that day, he would no longer be going any further until someone came along to relieve him of his duty,” passenger Nikki Warnock said.
The train was unusually busy shortly after 11:30 p.m., following the conclusion of a Calgary Flames game at the Saddledome.
@calgarytransit family stuck at the Sunnyside Train stop and driver says he can't continue on because he has worked 12 hours? #seriously — Kimberly Natt (@YYC_Mom_) November 17, 2016
@calgarytransit CTrain driver refusing service after a 12 hour shift? Replacements should be on hand or train should at least finish route. — Alistair Delday (@AlistairD93) November 17, 2016
Related Calgary Transit driver injured in CTrain derailment at Tuscany LRT station
“Very sorry folks, like everybody, I also want to go home,” the driver said over the loud speaker. “I'm very sorry about this. This is terrible. No one should have to go through this.”
Rick Ratcliff with the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 538 said the driver contacted them Thursday morning.
“The member had some safety concerns because he had been, ultimately, at work for 12 hours, which is basically the limit of any shift at Calgary Transit.”
Ratcliff said the standard protocol would be for a driver to advise a supervisor when they don't feel fit to carry on, then a supervisor would make the call on how to proceed.
Warnock is trying to see the situation from both the employer and the driver's perspective.
“Obviously when you're short-handed, you do have to schedule people for overtime,” Warnock said. “It's not safe for somebody who is operating a giant vehicle like that to be driving for over 12 hours a day, but I think he could have handled the situation better.
“He held up every single car behind us as well as the people that were on the train. It kind of felt like I was being held hostage by the situation.”
Calgary Transit sent out a tweet about a 15-minute delay on the Red Line due to a “CTrain malfunction” – something it later said may have been a miscommunication or multiple issues.
CTrains on the #RedLine are running 15 minutes behind schedule from Sunnyside to Tuscany due to a CTrain malfunction. — Calgary Transit (@calgarytransit) November 17, 2016
The company said an internal investigation is underway.
Introduction and Related Information
There are only a select few events in the PC hardware world that get hardcore enthusiasts truly excited. For example, when popular trade shows like Computex, IDF, and CES take place, there is a fair amount of buzz. Also, anytime the major players in graphics release next-generation GPUs, things definitely heat up; or likewise when a hot new game hits. Finally, when either of the processor big guns, Intel or AMD unleash new CPU micro-architectures on the world, you can almost bet on the community to come alive with enthusiasm. We're sure we've missed a few other momentous occasions as well, but you get the gist. It takes something new and exciting to get a PC Enthusiast's pulse racing.
Thankfully, today is one of those times. Although Intel won't be officially launching their Core i7 processors, formerly codenamed Nehalem, and the X58 Express chipset until sometime later in the month, we've had them in house for a while now and can finally show you all the goods. We've tested every Core i7 speed grade that will be available at launch, along with at trio of X58 Express based motherboards. We've even thrown in some high-resolution multi-GPU SLI and CrossFireX testing for good measure as well.
There's a lot to cover, so we'll keep the introduction short and dive right in. Below are some Core i7 features and specifications to whet your appetite--the main course is available on the pages ahead. Also, our video spotlight of all this new Intel technology can be found here.
Intel Core i7 Processor and Corsair Triple-Channel DDR3 RAM
On The DX58SO 'Smackover' Motherboard
Intel Core i7 Processors Specifications & Features
Core Frequencies - 3.2GHz (965), 2.93GHz (940), 2.66 (920)
QPI Speed - 6.4GT/s (965), 4.8GT/s (940, 920)
TDP (Thermal Design Power) - 130W
Stepping - 4
Number of CPU Cores - 4
Shared L3 Cache - 8MB
L2 Cache - 1MB (256K x 4)
Processor input voltage (VID) - 1.160v
.045-micron manufacturing process
Shared Smart Cache Technology
PECI Enabled
Enhanced Intel SpeedStep Technology (EIST)
Extended HALT State (C1E) Enabled
Execute Disable Bit (XD) Enabled
Intel 64 Technology
Intel Virtualization Technology (VT) Packaging - Flip Chip LGA1366
Total Die Size: Approximately 263mm2
Approximately 731M Transistors
MSRP - $999 (965), $562 (940), $284 (920)
45nm Nehalem Quad-Core Die
Intel hasn't exactly kept many details regarding Nehalem and the X58 Express chipset a well guarded secret this past year or so. In fact, we've already posted a number of articles related to both, dating back to March of last year, in which we write about many of the main features and specifications of Nehalem, its naming convention and the supporting X58 Express chipset. Here is a breakdown of a few of the most pertinent stories... Intel Core i7 Processors: Nehalem and X58 Have Arrived
Core i7 Extreme Overclocking With Liquid Nitrogen
Overclocking Intel's Core i7 920 Processors
Intel Showcases Dunnington, Nehalem and Larrabee Processors
IDF: Inside Nehalem
Intel Nehalem Processor and SSD Sneak Peek
Intel Penryn and Nehalem Details Emerge
Intel Reveals Nehalem Naming Convention
NVIDIA To Support SLI On Intel X58 Chipset
We're going to summarize many of the main details again here, but if you'd like to check out our complete coverage of the Core i7 (Nehalem) and the X58 Express chipset, the list of articles above covers just about all there is to know.
Minors in progress. Many of you wanted to know if they'd be illustrated and yes they are.
"We are stardust, we are golden, we are billion year old carbon, And we got to get ourselves back to the garden." - Joni Mitchell, Woodstock
Ace of Cups
2 of Cups
3 of Cups
Finding a deck that really connected with my personal energy became a daunting task. There were very few that allowed me to see myself in them. I set out to create my own deck, and after months of not having a vision for what it'd look like a dream came to me. Then it came to me again. In the dream was an intensely gorgeous black portrait which has become the inspiration behind this deck. I began the work using my current knowledge of tarot and mostly my own intuition. The imagery that comes forth is as new to me as it is for the readers who will use this deck. It is coming from a place that is far beyond my conscious mind.
(rendering)
Dust II Onyx: A Melanated Tarot Deck will be a full 78+ card tarot deck. Each card will feature spot gloss and gold foil accents to maintain varying surface quality of the original works. The cards will be high quality 3.5″ x 5” cards on 350GSM stock with rounded corners. The decks will come in a limited edition lidded box.
“… Dust II Onyx Tarot will reach people the others don't. Its unique, powerful and masterfully created.” – Pamela Steele Tarot Reader and Deck Creator (www.steelewizard.com)
“When I look at the cards I don't see people or color I just envision the ether and those beings that embody it.” – Retta Ware (Tarot Reader and Collector)
(rendering)
The majority of the costs are in the printing and shipping fulfillment. There is also a substantial amount that goes to fees and taxes. The scanning/editing is of additional costs than normal because I chose to use a giclee scanning process to ensure the quality and integrity of the images.
Along with each deck will be a signed thank-you postcard featuring one of the major arcana, options to purchase a digital print on paper as well as prints offered on this beautiful and durable metal surface.
I have one stretch goal! That is to create the ultimate tarot journal featuring descriptions of each card plus additional note pages, spiral bound with a sturdy cover. $35,000 can make that a reality so let's hit it!
Courtney Alexander is a recent graduate with her Bachelor's in Studio Art from the University of South Florida. In her past work she dug into issues of duality, hyper sexuality, and self-awareness; a much more personal dialogue which served to create vulnerability and explore the complex nature of her existence. Her paintings and sculptures are abstract and experimental, allowing for a more tactile sensory experience. The Dust II Onyx Tarot Deck is her largest project to date.
“Dust II Onyx was created from my desire to make artwork that resonated with my soul, and now has become a work I want to share with others. I consider it an honor to create this deck and I look forward it being a tool for beautiful and transformative experiences for each and every reader.”
Please continue to stay up to date at:
www.dust2onyx.com
facebook.com/dust2onyx
Thank you for all of your support!
Justice
Empress
Sun
Fool
Hermit
Lovers
Thank you so much for your support. The journey to this moment has been amazing and I can't wait to see all the lives transformed by this deck.
Grab a badge and spread the word!
Updated at 12:45 p.m. Saturday with additional information.
An eaglet has been rescued from the nest of a bald eagle that was shot to death by a 17-year-old in Houston.
Two days after the shooting, the 5- to 6-week-old eaglet was found dehydrated and malnourished, according to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services.
After the shooting, the dead eagle's mate remained near the nest, indicating fledglings were present, but was not seen bringing food to the nest, authorities said. Multiple wildlife agencies helped rescue the eaglet from the tree, which was over 100 feet tall.
The eaglet was taken to the Wildlife Center of Texas where it was given fluids and fed. It will be cared for at a rehabilitation center until it can survive on its own in the wild.
Photo: Marianne Helm
Hey, everyone! It's good to be back. As if there isn't enough exciting hockey to write about in DC, Ian Oland and the RMNB team have hired me to be their Swedish correspondent so I can give a player's perspective on what's going on in the wonderful world of hockey.
I want to begin the second tour of my blogging career with a tribute to a guy who, from a young age, inspired me to become a hockey player and to work on my game — despite us not crossing paths until I was 25 years old. That man is Teemu Selanne. He's the NHL player we all love to love. That in and of itself is a strange phenomenon in any sport. For hockey fans to (almost) unanimously appreciate a player is rare. People love Ovi, but there are people who hate Ovi. People love Carey Price, but there are people who hate Carey Price. In all my years of hockey I don't think I have ever heard a person on either side of the glass say that they don't like Teemu Selanne. You either like him or love him. Not a bad way to go through your career.
To give you a little backstory, Teemu and I started our careers at the same time… kind of. I first strapped on skates and took to the ice in an organized practice as a six-year-old in the same season that Teemu left Finland to join the Winnipeg Jets in 1992-93. My father was born in Nova Scotia but spent the majority of his first 25 years living in Winnipeg and thus was an avid Jets fan. At the time I was barely old enough to watch hockey on TV and figure out what was going on. I wanted to like the same things as my dad. So, early on, Teemu had a couple big fans watching him from the east coast.
It was easy to find updates on him that season: he scored 76 goals. Still a mind-numbing figure and a record I don't think will ever be broken. From that season on I was hooked. I wore number 13 whenever I had a chance up, until Teemu switched to number 8 (I am back in #13 this year). I had Teemu posters on my bedroom walls. I had a DVD of his rookie season highlights (called “The New Boss”) that I watched daily, and whenever I was on the ice or in the basement playing road hockey I was Teemu and I was working on whatever move I just saw him pull or reenacting the latest goal I saw him score. The way Wayne Gretzky looked at Gordie Howe, that's how I looked at Teemu.
Fast forward 19 years. It's July 1, 2011. It's my first trip through the free agent market and who is the first team that calls? The Anaheim Ducks. After accepting the offer I spoke to my dad on the phone. He was so thrilled that I was going to get to meet Teemu. He wasn't excited about the opportunity or the salary, at least not at first. He was just excited I would rub shoulders with Teemu Selanne.
Once training camp rolled around, I was too starstruck to talk to him. I had played only 12 NHL games at that point, so I was far from a lock to make the team. I didn't have any reason to walk up and introduce myself as if I were noteworthy. But Teemu being Teemu, he came and found me. He asked me about my sticks, the curve, the flex, how I came up with the pattern and so on … which I'm sure he didn't care about seeing as he had used the same pattern since dinosaurs roamed the earth. But he showed an interest when he didn't have to.
This would become a common theme with Teemu.
By the end of training camp I was on the Ducks roster and on my way to Finland for the season opener. We spent ten days in Helsinki and a few more in Stockholm playing an exhibition game against the local SM-Liiga club (at the time, now a member of the KHL) Jokerit Helsinki before playing our first two regular season games against the Buffalo Sabres and the New York Rangers. I remember thinking, “wait…so I'm still technically in the NHL, AND I get to go travel around Finland with Teemu Selanne and Saku Koivu? This cant be real.” My father almost passed out when I told him. Saku was another of my boyhood idols, as we were also Montreal fans. (I'm sorry if that offends some readers, ha).
I remember really watching those two guys in Helsinki. How they conducted themselves blew my mind. They were kings in that city, but they treated every person they met like an old friend. They had time for everyone. This is not an exaggeration when I say every single person. If you wanted to talk to Teemu about your home town and your beer league team, he would oblige, and he'd be wildly impressed by your story! He and Saku found a way to make people around them feel important. They made the interactions about the other person, not inflating their own egos.
As the year went on, our team was struggling. We were underachieving, playing with tons of pressure and we were finding ways to lose games instead of finding ways to win them. A good example is when we went to DC. Yikes. I still wake up in a cold sweat over that one.
There weren't a ton of on-ice highlights from me in the early going, as I was playing a 3rd/4th line role and had not registered a goal through 20-some games. Frustration was setting in, and I was starting to feel like I had to start producing or get waived. We were playing against Philly at home and as I was driving the net a puck came off the goaltender, hit me somewhere between my stick and my foot, and bounced into the net. I felt 1000 pounds lighter.
When I came back to the bench after doing the fly-by, the first guy to give me a pat on the head was Teemu. He grabbed me on my helmet and said, “only 640 more till you catch me.” Then he laughed.
He was that kind of guy. He enjoyed the success of those around him, he made others feel good, and he was able to laugh at just about anything.
This last story is a 3-in-1. We were playing on the road in Winnipeg during the Jets' first year back in the league. It was Teemu's return. Like me and my father, the NHL had circled that day on the calendar. When we arrived at the hotel in the ‘Peg, there were a hundred Teemu fans wearing throwback number-13 Jets Jerseys, t-shirts, and hats ready to be signed.
(Keep in mind these people stood outside in Winter-peg on December 17 for god knows how long just to see T walk into a hotel.)
As usual, Teemu made sure everyone got what they came for, be it an autograph or a handshake. But there was one moment that is etched in my memory. As I was walking past on my way to the lobby, one of the people waiting for Teemu was a boy with Down's syndrome. He was an adult man, probably in his mid 20s, standing with someone who I presumed to be his father. As Teemu walked towards the crowd, the boy called out from the second row, “Teemu, do you remember me?” The boy's father chimed in, saying quietly, almost sheepishly, “we met you at a season ticket holder night when you played for the Jets”.
With that, Teemu's face lit up and he responded with a quick, “Yes, how are you?” and shook their hands like it was all coming back to him. The boy didn't respond with much after that; he was just so beside himself, but you could see the boy's father send Teemu a nod and silent “thank you” as he moved on down the autograph line.
Later on, I asked Teemu about the boy. He said he didn't actually remember him, he was just trying to make sure the boy had the experience he was hoping for when he showed up that night. This is Teemu taking three seconds out of his day to create a lifelong memory for a boy who could never have that moment back again. By this point in the season I was no longer surprised to hear that he was just being quick-witted enough to make someone's day, but to see the way he handled the situation was something I have carried around with me ever since.
The game itself was insane. My dad and his high school pals were in attendance while my mother watched from home. She said that it was strange watching the pregame ceremony to see me and Teemu standing shoulder to shoulder on the bench. I guess for her it was one of those “dreams do come true” moments. It was for me too.
After the puck dropped, the crowd gave Teemu a standing ovation for the entire length of his shifts during the first period. The building was electric, as it usually is in Winnipeg, and although we lost the game, it will still go down as one of the greatest nights of my career. After the game, I went to meet my father and his crew in the family waiting area, where there were about 100-plus of Teemu's friends and family. He took his time and did his thing with everyone who had been supporting him in Winnipeg all those years, but on his way out he stopped and talked for a couple mins with my father and I, again. This time, probably without knowing it, Teemu had created a lasting memory for the two of us. Me, my dad, and Teemu Selanne hanging out having a laugh after an NHL game in Winnipeg. I bet my father didn't see that coming when he tightened the laces on a six-year-old's skates for the first time.
When people ask me about Teemu, I can say that, from my short experience, he is without a doubt one of the greatest people in hockey. Bold but true. The term ambassador is tossed around a lot, but I feel it fits for Finnish Flash. From his first shift to the final buzzer, he was an outstanding player. Few have left the game with more respect. I personally learned a lot from him in the few months I spent in Anaheim, and although I wish I could have stuck around for a lot longer, I will always cherish that time.
Not everyone gets to watch and learn from their idols, and the funny thing is, of all the things I learned from Teemu, the best of them had nothing to do with hockey. Enjoy your cigars and scotch, Teemu. No NHL'er has earned it more.
“You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.”
– Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Until next time, adjö! (Thats goodbye in Swedish.)
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Team Grave Neutral kept riders fed while the Belligerantes bike club grilled in the infield.
(Photos: Josh Roppo)
The Ladd's 500 went off without a hitch on Saturday. And given the reactions we've seen so far, it appears the organizers have hatched a grand new Portland tradition.
For the uninitiated, Ladd Circle is a small traffic circle in the middle of the Ladd's Addition neighborhood of inner southeast Portland. It sits along a very popular bike route and the inside of the circle is a city park. In the spirit of events like Zoobomb, Pedalpalooza, and the Thursday Night Ride, organizers of the Ladd's 500 just wanted to have fun on their bikes in a creative, fun, and respectful way. Imagine a bunch of fun-loving people pedaling around the circle on all types of crazy bikes while a big group picnic and BBQ went on in the infield. It was like the Portland bike scene's version of the Indy 500, complete with cheering fans, a pit lane, teams, and even a leaderboard to keep track of the lap counts.
Josh Roppo was there most of the day taking photos and hanging out. He said the event drew a diverse group of onlookers and participants. “Some riders really wanted to win, some just have fun, but by the end everyone wanted to finish!”
500 laps is roughly 75 miles so it wasn't easy to finish — especially if you were like the team on the cargo bike that was grilling cheeseburgers while they went around.
There was some concern before the event about how the neighbors would respond (it's a quiet residential area that has complained loudly about stop-sign running over the years). But Roppo said everything went smoothly. “The neighbors seemed really friendly,” he said. “Traffic really wasn't a problem either. One nearby family came out and kids sold soda on the sidewalk.” Organizers made it clear that it wasn't a race (it was a relay) and among the rules were: “Try not to fuck with cars. This is not a closed course, share the right of way,” and “Absolutely don't fuck with pedestrians. Hitting a ped will result in a DQ.”
Here are a few more of Roppo's photos:
Solo winner Nathan Jones crossing the finish line after 500 laps (he switched between a fixie and a fat bike).
Thanks for reading BikePortland. Please consider a $10/month subscription or a one-time payment
to help maintain and expand this vital community resource.
What fun!
For more coverage check out the posts on the event's Facebook page and read this writeup from Aixe Djelal on Medium.
— Jonathan Maus, (503) 706-8804 – jonathan@bikeportland.org
BikePortland can't survive without subscribers. It's just $10 per month and you can sign up in a few minutes.
Front Page, Rides/Events
ladd circle, Ladd's 500
It looked like the Saturday of the spring game would be kind of dreary, with the game somewhat in peril. I don't mind saying that I had absolutely no intentions of watching a spring game in the rain. Luckily, I was able to line up a press box credential, so it wasn't an issue.
Fittingly, I wound up sitting with Cody Worsham and James Moran of Tiger Rag, who are both good guys. We were just a Matt DeVille and a Greg LaRose from a full-on reunion.
Anyways, with the first(ish) team offense putting up some 505 yards of offense, including 356 passing yards from Anthony Jennings and Brandon Harris with a combined for a 68 percent completion rate, I don't imagine there are too many complaints. People saw, more or less, what I would imagine they wanted to see. Certainly, if you're somebody that's complained after past spring games, you should probably be in a good mood.
Still, talkin' bout practice and all that. No questions are really answered right now, but it definitely looks like LSU's quarterbacks have progressed somewhat from last season.
Here are a couple of observations:
Vaccinating girls against the sexually-transmitted human papillomavirus (HPV) does not make them more likely to have sex, according to a new study. The findings are the latest in a string of research showing that vaccination does not encourage promiscuity, the authors say, and should go a long way in extinguishing lingering concerns about "disinhibition" among pre-teenage girls who receive the vaccine.
Study co-author Robert Bednarczyk, a clinical investigator with the Kaiser Permanente Center for Health Research–Southeast, said in an interview with The Huffington Post that researchers found "no difference" in sexual activity when comparing girls who were vaccinated to those who were not.
In findings published in the journal Pediatrics on Monday, investigators combed the electronic medical records of nearly 1,400 girls who were between the ages 11 and 12 from 2006 to 2007 -- the year following the Food and Drug Administration's approval of the first vaccine. Nearly 500 of the girls had received it; 900 had not.
Unlike previous studies that have largely relied on self-reported sexual activity, the new study measured clinical signs of sexual activity over several years, like whether the girls had been tested for a sexually transmitted infection, received contraceptive counseling or become pregnant.
"What we've done here is taken a more objective approach and use clinical data to look at outcomes that are related to sexual activity and compare them," Bednarczyk said.
Vaccination was not linked to any increased sexual activity, according to the measures used by the researchers.
"This article supports what several years of data have shown again and again," said Gypsyamber D'Souza, an assistant professor at the cancer prevention and control program at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, who did not work on the study. "There are no differences in sexual behavior in those getting the vaccine compared those who have not."
Recent reports suggest that many girls are not vaccinated in part because of fears about increased sexual activity. One such report, a 2011 paper in the journal Sexually Transmitted Infection, found that 16 percent of parents in areas of North Carolina felt that teenage girls who were vaccinated might be more likely to have sex.
"The reality is that [the rate] of HPV vaccination is substantially lower than other recommended adolescent vaccines," said Dr. Matthew Davis, an associate professor of adult medicine and pediatrics at the University of Michigan's C.S. Mott Children's Hospital.
In 2011, some 80 percent of teens were vaccinated against tetanus, an infection of the nervous system, and 70 percent against meningitis, an infection of the membranes around the brain and spinal cord, according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates. But only 35 percent of teenage girls received the full three doses of the HPV vaccine, which has been recommended for all girls age 11 or 12 by the CDC since 2006. (The recommendation also extends to women up to age 26 who were not vaccinated when they were younger.) The vaccine protects against infection by certain strains of HPV, about 30 types of which can lead to cervical cancer in women.
Davis recently led a poll using a national sample that found that 40 percent of parents have moral or ethical concerns about the HPV vaccination, while 36 percent said they felt pre-teen girls were too young to get it.
"Those [rates], to me, indicate that there remain concerns that adolescent's choices will be influenced by this vaccination," he said.
But D'Souza argued that other factors may be more influential.
"Parents have concerns about the cost of the vaccine, the utility of the vaccine, its side effects and whether it's truly necessary," she said, also noting that the way doctors describe the vaccine to patients can impact patients' perception of it. Cost is a major issue, especially for college-age women, D'Souza added. Though most private insurers now cover the HPV vaccine, and the federally-funded Vaccines for Children program provides free shots for eligible individuals, many young women do not know that.
Davis said parents' fears about risky sexual behavior are a powerful deterrent, but expressed hope that the new findings could impact their thinking.
"It's hard to know what impact a study like this can have on parental opinions," he said. "We do know that physicians and nurses can be very trusted sources of information about vaccines for parents. Therefore, if health care providers hear this news and can themselves reassure parents that teenagers' sexual behaviors are not likely to change based on this vaccination, that may reassure parents."
Jazz guitarist Russell Malone taught himself to play guitar. He went on to play with Jimmy Smith, Ron Carter, Diana Krall, and others. We spoke about influences and mentors and facing up to the greats. Malone will play at the Germantown Performing Arts Center on Saturday, March 22nd.
What music did you hear growing up?
The Dixie Humming Birds' guitarist, Howard Carroll. He was very prominent in that band. Then there was Leroy Crume in the Soul Stirrers, another of the groups I was doing my best to try to pick up some of the riffs that they were doing. You used to be able to turn on the television and see musicians playing instruments. I remember seeing Chet Atkins playing guitar on television when I was a kid. And there was Merle Travis. Glen Campbell had a show called the Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour. I'm sure you know that Glen Campbell was a formidable guitar player in his own right.
But a turning point for me was when I saw B.B. King performing on television. That was an epiphany. I had never heard the guitar played quite like that. And the way he sang was so similar to the way the minister in my church would deliver a sermon.
You saw George Benson and Benny Goodman on TV as a kid and later said it changed your life.
Once I saw that, I knew there was a whole different level of guitar playing that I wasn't aware of. I made a mental note of the name George Benson. During that time, I had a job raking leaves in my neighborhood. We'd rake yards for five dollars. At the end of the day, you'd rake five yards and put $25 in your pocket. You could get some things done in 1975, as a 12-year-old kid. One of the first things I went out and bought — I bought two records — The George Benson Cookbook and Uptown. They were $2.99. There was a gentleman in my church who saw the direction I was going. So he turned me on to two records that I still listen to today for inspiration: two Wes Montgomery records, Smokin' at the Half Note and Boss Guitar. So that was my introduction to jazz guitar. He was playing with such fire. It was clean. It was precise. And I didn't know what soulful was back then. Looking back, it was definitely some soulful guitar playing. So what I did was spend time in the library and read up on jazz.
How does a kid go from the library to jumping onstage with Jimmy Smith? That's quite a leap.
I played with the local guys in my hometown of Albany, Georgia. Then I ended up in Atlanta. That's where I met Jimmy Smith. I was playing a gig at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza and heard that Jimmy Smith was going to be in town that week at a place called Castles and Carousels. That was the buzz in the city. So the drummer in my band and I drove down to see Jimmy. He was everything that I expected and then some. He had this way about him. This charisma. So one of the local musicians who was playing with him introduced him to me. Jimmy looked me up and down and said, 'Go get your guitar.' So I sat in on a track or two. I tried to play a few tunes with him. It was a humbling experience. But I ended up working with him for two years after that.
Tell me about Mulgrew Miller.
Oh my goodness! I met Mulgrew that same year in Atlanta. Mulgrew came in with the guys from his trio. He was very personable. He had this way about him that made you want to love him. He was modest. We became friends and did a lot of work together. We traveled the world with Ron Carter. He was one of my mentors and my brother.
How about Ron Carter?
I've been so fortunate. I've been in the presence of a lot of my heroes. Ron Carter is someone I had wanted to play with since I was 12-years-old. When I first started getting into jazz guitar, I was listening to Wes Montgomery and George Benson. While I was focusing on the guitarists, who were the leaders on the records, there was something about the bass player. Ron's presence and personality were so strong on those records that it made you want to listen to what he was doing. Then I started listening to the Miles Davis records. And I was thinking that Herbie Hancock, with all of his harmonic knowledge and awareness, that he was the one dictating where the harmony goes. And that's true to a certain degree. But having played with Ron Carter, I strongly believe that he was the catalyst for the harmonic direction of that band.
How do the words of Jesus guide us in praying for Muslims during Ramadan (August 1–29)? One of the aims of fasting during Ramadan is that Muslims aim to bring greater focus to their worship of Allah.
A Question With Two Meanings
One of the questions that followers of Jesus often ask is, Are Muslims truly worshiping the same God we worship? That question can have two meanings. One focuses on the word “worship” and the other focuses on the phrase “same God.”
The second meaning of the question boils down to the definition of “same.” Some say that if you can list enough similar propositions about deities, then they are the same. They say, That is what “same” means. For example, “he is sovereign;” “he is all-wise;” “he is all-knowing;” “he is infinitely good;” “he is merciful;” “he is holy.”
If enough of these statements can be said truly of two deities, then they are the “same” deity. Which of course is true if that is the way one defines “same.”
The Focus Is on the Second Meaning
But it is far more personally important to answer clearly the second meaning of the question. “Do Muslims and Christians truly worship the one true God?” The focus is on worship, not sameness.
On this question, Jesus speaks repeatedly and unequivocally. First, he identifies himself:
He said he would die. “The Son of Man is going to be delivered into the hands of men, and they will kill him” (Mark 9:31).
He said he would die as a ransom for many. “Even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many” (Mark 10:45).
He said he would rise from the dead. “And when [the Son of Man] is killed, after three days he will rise” (Mark 9:31).
He said he was the Messiah, the Son of God. “‘Are you the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?' And Jesus said, ‘I am'” (Mark 14:61–62).
He said he was God. “Jesus said to them, ‘Truly, truly, I say to you, before Abraham was, I am'” (John 8:58).
Traditional Muslims deny all of these truths about Jesus: that he died; that he ransomed sinners by his death; that he rose from the dead; that he is the Son of God; that he is God.
Seven Things About Those Who Deny Jesus
Jesus speaks clearly about people (of whatever religion) who deny him in this way. He says seven things about them:
They do not “know” the true God. “You know neither me nor my Father. If you knew me, you would know my Father also” (John 8:19; see also 7:28; 14:7). They do not “honor” the true God. “Whoever does not honor the Son does not honor the Father who sent him” (John 5:23). They do not “love” the true God. “I know that you do not have the love of God within you. I have come in my Father's name, and you do not receive me” (John 5:42–43). The true God is not their “Father.” “If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God and I am here” (John 8:42; see also 2 John 1:9). They do not “have” the true God. “No one who denies the Son has the Father. Whoever confesses the Son has the Father also” (1 John 2:23). They have not “heard” or “learned” from the true God. “Everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me” (John 6:45). They “reject” the true God. “The one who rejects me rejects him who sent me” (Luke 10:16).
Jesus' answer to the question is No. Neither Muslims nor anyone else truly worships the true God if they reject Jesus as he really is in the Gospels. Whatever we are doing, we are not worshiping the one we do not know, honor, love, and accept.
Suited to Be Loved
Therefore, Muslims in particular (along with Jewish people and others who reject Jesus as he offers himself in the Gospels) are especially suited to be loved by Christians. Jesus came into the world to awaken and save those who rejected him (Mark 2:17) — like we once did.
It seems to me, therefore, that the way Jesus calls us to pray during Ramadan is that God would reveal to Muslims the emptiness of their worship. Jesus says they are not connecting with the true God. This is tragic. And it is more tragic when they think they are. Awakening to this emptiness would be a precious awakening.
And, of course, Muslims are not the only ones who are not connecting with the true God in their outward acts of worship. Any person who rejects the Jesus of the Gospels, whatever their religion (including professing Christians), is worshiping “in vain” (Matthew 15:9).
Pray and Speak
So pray that all such people would realize this. Pray for a precious sense of emptiness for every non-worshiping worshiper (in churches, synagogues, and mosques). Pray that millions would sense profoundly the need for a Mediator, a Redeemer, a Messiah who “was wounded for our transgressions” (Isaiah 53:5).
And every chance you get, open your mouth and offer Christ crucified and risen. The prayers of millions of Christians may have made a way of faith that you never dreamed.
CLOSE Judge: "He's a diabolical monster. He set all of this in motion." Bill Bresler
Buy Photo Kobi Taylor, described by Judge Quiana Lillard as "a diabolical monster" received 65-95 years for his role in the murders. (Photo: Bill Bresler | hometownlife.com)Buy Photo
Wayne County Circuit Judge Qiana Lillard did not mince words when sentencing Kobi Taylor for his involvement in the shooting deaths of two people in Westland earlier this year.
She cited several reasons, including his demeanor during his trial and testimony, that showed the 19-year-old homeless man was a main driver behind the armed robbery and shooting deaths of Jordan Baker and Howard Wick that took place in February near Norene and Treadwell in Westland.
"He's a diabolical monster," she said. "He set all of this in motion."
Lillard sentenced Taylor to a minimum of 65 years in prison, the lone sentence she had discretion over and well above what his attorney, Wyatt Harris, requested. Harris had requested a sentence of between 25-30 years. She set the maximum sentence at 95 years.
More on hometownlife.com
Hines Park sex assault suspect to return to court
STILL WAITING: Family doing what they can to find missing Hills woman
Bloomfield Township woman charged after choking boyfriend
Police: Milford woman charged with robbery after assaulting Hallmark employee
Taylor was found guilty by a separate jury on two counts of second-degree murder, two counts of armed robbery and one count of felony firearm. Another defendant in the case, Dominik Charleston, 19, of Romulus, was found guilty by a jury on all charges he faced, including two counts of first-degree murder, two counts of felony murder, two counts of armed robbery and one count of felony firearm. Their trials took place last month.
Buy Photo Dominik Charleston listens to the victim's relatives speak of their loss. (Photo: Bill Bresler | hometownlife.com)
The other two originally charged in the case had their sentences settled before Wednesday's sentencing hearing in Detroit's Frank Murphy Hall of Justice: Charleston of Romulus was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, the mandatory sentence for a first-degree murder charge.
The last defendant, 17-year-old Taylor resident Amber Tackett, took a plea deal and will serve between 7-22 years in prison.
The three were charged earlier this year after they arrived to the Westland neighborhood back in the early morning hours of Feb. 6. Police say the three orchestrated a robbery of some marijuana, though that resulted in both Wick, 35, and Baker, 19, being shot and killed.
Wick's mother, Sue Varner, said during the hearing her son planned on becoming a tattoo artist. He had just recently gotten his certification days before his death.
She said she won't forget all the times she had with him and was incredibly sad she'll only be able to visit his grave from now on.
"I have to go to the graveyard ... where Dominik, Kobi and Amber put him," she said. "He was all I had in this world."
'Left with no chance to live at all'
Buy Photo Family of the victims listen to impact statements from relatives. (Photo: Bill Bresler | hometownlife.com)
Charleston, Taylor and Tackett were also ordered to pay more than $22,000 in restitution, though Lillard said that burden will most likely fall on Tackett, who could be out of prison as early as 2024.
None of the three sentenced said anything during the hearing. Taylor and Charleston's case will be automatically appealed to the Michigan Court of Appeals based on the fact they were both convicted by a jury.
Baker's mother, Patricia Lantz, said she wakes up routinely with panic over what happened to her son and how he was not given a chance to grow up.
"He was left bleeding in the street with no chance to live at all," she said. "Jordan deserved to live a long and happy life."
Buy Photo John Strong, grandfather of 19 year old victim Jordan Baker, reads an impact statement for his family. (Photo: Bill Bresler | hometownlife.com)
John Strong, Baker's grandfather, said Baker was an uplifting man to be around and said he wished Michigan sentencing could mandate a harsher penalty for the two men convicted in his death.
"I wish this state had the death penalty," he said, "so I could watch you two die."
dveselenak@hometownlife.com | 734-678-6728 | Twitter: @DavidVeselenak
Read or Share this story: http://www.hometownlife.com/story/news/local/westland/2017/07/12/judge-calls-man-convicted-westland-murder-diabolical-monster-during-sentencing/469537001/
During a secret hearing at Guantánamo, the military judge in the 9/11 death-penalty case ruled against a secret government request to withhold information from defense lawyers for accused Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed and his four alleged co-conspirators, according to a redacted transcript released Tuesday.
The hearing, held Aug. 19 at the U.S. Navy base in Cuba, was the first closed pre-trial hearing of the Sept. 11 capital case. The subject matter was so secret that the judge cleared the court of the public and the five men who, if convicted, could be executed for conspiring in the worst attack on U.S. soil, including 2,976 counts of murder.
And, although the 31-page transcript of the 29-minute hearing is so riddled with redactions it is unclear what the Pentagon prosecution team was trying to shield from the defense attorneys, it shows the judge denying the request.
“I'm ruling it is discoverable,” Army Col. James L. Pohl said in response to a secret prosecution motion that argues something “is not discoverable.”
At issue in the hearing was a pretrial motion labeled AE52 by the prosecution that sought a secret ruling from the judge. It was called a “government consolidated notice regarding ex parte, in camera filing and motion for finding” on the Pentagon's war court website whose motto is “fairness, transparency, justice.”
A government protective order in the case blocks from public view the details of the CIA's secret prison network where the five alleged plotters were held for years and, they and their lawyers say, were tortured. A censor inside the court can cut off the audio to the public if he or the judge fear national security secrets will be spilled.
But the judge ruled that the risk was so great he closed the Aug. 19 hearing entirely. Tuesday, the Pentagon released the partial transcript after U.S. intelligence agencies redacted secret information from it.
Prosecutor Joanna Baltes, a Justice Department classification expert, tried to pin Pohl down on what he will allow the defense lawyers to see.
“I'm not ruling on whether they [redacted],” the judge says in the public portion of the transcript. “I'm not ruling on whether [redacted]. I'm not ruling on whether [redacted]. I'm simply saying the information is discoverable and I will address the form at a later date.”
Discovery, in a legal setting, is evidence that the prosecution is obliged to show the accused before a trial.
At the Pentagon, chief prosecutor Army Brig. Gen. Mark Martins declined to answer a question on whether the ruling constituted a setback.
In his place, Army Lt. Col. Todd Breasseale, a Pentagon spokesman, refused to elaborate on what went on in the secret session.
“All rulings are of some consequence to the path forward,” Breasseale said, adding that the Pentagon prosecutor “remains committed to seeking accountability under law and will continue to do so.”
Retired Air Force Col. Morris Davis, who was chief prosecutor when the 9/11 accused were brought to Guantánamo in 2006, questioned what needed to be kept secret in the case a decade after Mohammed's capture. Declassified CIA documents have already disclosed that agents waterboarded him 183 times.
“Whatever need there was for secrecy, you'd think a decade would have cured,” he said Tuesday. After reading the partially redacted transcript, he said there was “so much blacked out” that it was hard to discern the significance of the lost prosecution motion.
Disclosure of the ruling itself is “beneficial,” Davis said, because it challenges “the perception that the government can do whatever the hell it wants. To the extent that the judge said, ‘au contraire,' there's some value in it.”
In this case, because of the national security court being run by the Obama administration, some discovery will be shown to the accused Sept. 11 plotters' attorneys, who have security clearances, but not the men being put on trial.
Human Rights Watch counterterrorism counsel Andrea Prasow, who has followed the proceedings from the start, called the substance disclosed Tuesday “breathtaking.”
“The over-classification is of course troubling,” she said. “But what I find more concerning is that the government believed all along that the defense had no right to the information.
“The defendants are on trial for their lives, and while they sit in their cells, forbidden from entering the courtroom, the prosecution tries to hide evidence from their lawyers. If you want to know what is wrong with the military commissions, read this transcript.”
Earlier this week, Animal Collective's "My Girls" soundtracked the very first scene of the godawful American MTV version of the British teens-fucking soap opera ["Skins"](http://www.mtv.com/shows/skins/series.jhtml ""Skins"" ). This is not the sort of thing a band needs on its resume. But in more positive Animal Collective news, they have now announced a European tour.
AnCo-- a quartet now that sometime member Deakin has rejoined the fold-- will cross the continent in May, after they hit Coachella in April headline their own ATP weekend in England. We've got their dates below.
Animal Collective:
04-16 Indio, CA - Coachella
05-14 Minehead, England - All Tomorrows Parties
05-16 Eastbourne, England - Winter Gardens
05-17 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Paradiso
05-18 Brussels, Belgium - Les Nuit
05-19 Cologne, Germany - Electron
05-20 Berlin, Germany - Melt Wee
05-21 Warsaw, Poland - Stodola
05-22 Krakow, Poland - TBA
05-23 Vienna, Austria - Arena Vienna
05-24 Zagreb, Croatia - Pogon Jedinstvo
05-28 Barcelona, Spain - Primavera Sound Festival
This is Mentoring Moments—a series of stories about triumphs and skids from successful women. Mentoring Moments is now a podcast.
Liz Elting is a self-made woman whose success landed her on the FORBES' list of America's Richest Self-Made Women. She's the cofounder and CEO of TransPerfect, one of the world's largest translation firms. She's also a linguaphile—by the time she was 25, Elting lived and worked in five countries (Portugal, Spain, Canada, Venezuela and the U.S.) and studied four languages. At 26, armed with her MBA from New York University, she took that “perfect” job that didn't turn out to be so perfect. But that's when the romantic entrepreneurial story begins—with her boyfriend, in a NYU dorm room, with no outside funding, TransPerfect was born. Today TransPerfect is valued at over one billion dollars, but it hasn't been all wine and roses. This is Elting's Mentoring Moment, in her words:
Needless to say, there have been several points throughout both my life and career that I consider “defining” – however, one moment in particular has always stood out to me because it involved making a difficult decision that ultimately had a profound impact on who I am today.
I was 26 years old living in New York City and had just graduated from NYU with my MBA. Eager to begin my career in international corporate finance, I immediately took a position doing equity arbitrage—investing and trading—in the proprietary trading division of a French bank in midtown Manhattan. I was elated to have earned this position, tasked with what was sure to be a challenging but stimulating role, and could not wait to get to work.
As my first few weeks passed however, an unnerving reality began to set in. As the only woman in the office, I quickly recognized a concerning tendency among my colleagues. No matter where I was or what I was doing, whenever the phone rang, I would hear insistent and commanding shouts across the office, “Liz—phone!” Now I knew that I was not hired to take on the duties of an assistant, office manager, or any other administrative position that would perhaps explain my colleagues' assumption that I was responsible for answering the phone. I wasn't even the junior-most employee in the office. Yet this happened over and over and over—all day long. Unfortunately, the unavoidable explanation I was left with, although far from surprising, was nonetheless upsetting and painful. I knew that this wasn't happening because my knowledge, skills or qualifications were any less than those of my colleagues. It was due to something well beyond my control—it was because I was a woman.
Despite my intellect, experience, qualifications, ambition and work ethic, I was assumed less capable and less adequate than my peers. As one may imagine, confronting the harsh reality of blatant yet insidious gender-bias and workplace sexism was daunting if not devastating—the guilt that I had somehow failed, that what was happening was my own fault, began to set in. While I have nothing but the utmost respect for assistants and offices managers, that was not the job I was brought on to do. And I knew that I had not spent tireless years studying, honing my skills and working my tail off so I could make coffee and take messages for my colleagues. So although I had never quit anything in my life, with the deeply-held belief that I deserved to lead, I gave my two-weeks notice.
Although at the time it felt risky and yes, even a bit scary, that very decision is what led me to create TransPerfect. We are who we choose to be, and I knew that if I wasn't going to be allowed the space to utilize my talents and fulfill my potential, I would have to create that space myself. This was a moment of complete and utter self-awareness – one in which I had to quiet my self-doubts and criticism and instead trust in my abilities, know my value and refuse to apologize for who I am. It's worth noting that the traits identified as strength, assertiveness and ambition in men, are often given very different names when exhibited by women: bossy, aggressive, difficult. As a woman and innovator in the language and technology solutions industries for 25 years, I have grown to wear these titles proudly. They are qualities that should be encouraged and celebrated, not quieted or criticized. I think what this defining moment reiterated for me was that, as a woman, when others view you as bossy, outspoken and overly ambitious, you're very likely making the right choices. When you're not permitted to collaborate, lead, stretch your wings and utilize your talents, you may very well find your own defining moment by forging your own path forward, chasing after what scares you and taking what's yours.
Nobody knows what ambitions you have laid out for yourself, and nobody will be as sorry as you if you don't go after your goals unapologetically and with everything you have. So, if the space is not there for you to lead, create it. If there are obstacles in your way and boundaries to be crossed, push past them . We all have the potential to be great, but achieving greatness does not happen by chance – it happens, through grit and determination, in the moments we choose to ignore tradition, step outside of our comfort zone, be true to who we are and get down to work.
Through creating my own space, I have been able to stay ever-passionate about my work, push industry boundaries, challenge myself professionally and above all—remain true to myself. Although there is no one indicator to know if you are on the right path or heading toward success, many of my life's most defining moments were when I have rejected the status quo, questioned what was expected of me, took risks, felt scared and even made mistakes. While I might not have been consciously aware of it at the time, it was my choices that ventured outside of my comfort zone and into these heart-pounding moments, often accompanied by uncertainty and doubt, that ultimately came to define my career, life and who I am today.
Somali government troops, backed by the African Union, have for the first time seized an area outside the capital from the Islamist group al-Shabab.
The BBC's Mohamed Dhoore, who travelled to the area of Galgalato, 30km (20 miles) north-east of Mogadishu, said it appeared to have been used as a military camp.
Most al-Shabab fighters seemed to have withdrawn without much resistance.
Al-Shabab controls many southern areas but is losing territory.
It is under attack from Ethiopian forces in the west, Kenya to the south and was forced out of Mogadishu last year.
However, it continues to stage suicide attacks in the capital - on Wednesday five people were killed when a bomber blew himself up at the gates of the presidential palace.
Our reporter says he saw abandoned trenches and tents in the coastal area of Galgalato.
Al-Shabab earlier this year announced that it had merged with al-Qaeda.
The UN-backed government only controls the capital.
The country has been racked by fighting since its last effective national government was toppled 21 years ago.
Sonoma Humane Society opens free wellness clinic, urges reporting of lost and found pets
Not all those displaced or injured by the fires are human.
As of Tuesday, more than 600 pets were listed as lost in a database kept by the Sonoma Humane Society, and fewer than 80 as found.
Animal protection authorities urge anyone who has lost or found an animal to report it at sonomahumane.org. From the homepage, click on Updates, then on Lost & Found.
As they work to reunite families with pets scattered by the fires, Humane Society staffers also have begun to offer free wellness clinics for animals of local people who struggle financially because of the disaster.
The clinic at the Humane Society offices on Highway 12 between Santa Rosa and Sebastopol will offer services that include veterinary exams, vaccinations, wound care, flea prevention, de-worming, microchipping, treatment of common infections and basic urgent care.
Local veterinarians, vet techs and vet assistants are volunteering to assist the Humane Society with the free service.
If there are health issues beyond what the clinic can handle, those pets' owners will be referred to other veterinary care practices.
The Wellness Clinic opens Wednesday and will be available to pet owners from 9 to 6 a.m. Monday through Friday, for as long as the need exists and resources allow. It's first come, first served.
Urgent care for the pets of people impacted by the fires is available at the Humane Society from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day.
Chris Smith is at 707-521-5211 and chris.smith@pressdemocrat.com.
WHOA: Explosive new Clinton emails demand investigation
While Hillary Clinton is soaking up the media attention from her new book, new revelations have come to light about her mishandling of classified information as secretary of state and the special favors Clinton donors received from the State Department.
Judicial Watch released a blockbuster 1,617 new pages of documents from the U.S. Department of State revealing multiple new instances of classified information being transmitted through top Clinton aide Huma Abedin's email account, along with several emails revealing how Hillary Clinton donors got special favors from the State Department.
According to Judicial Watch, there are 97 email exchanges with Clinton that were not previously turned over to the State Department — contradicting Clinton's claims under penalty of perjury that “as far as she knew,” all of her government emails had been turned over to the State Department.
“The emails show ‘what happened' was that Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin obviously violated laws about the handling of classified information and turned the State Department into a pay for play tool for the corrupt Clinton Foundation,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. “The clear and mounting evidence of pay for play and mishandling of classified information warrant a serious criminal investigation by an independent Trump Justice Department.”
There are no less than 20 new examples of classified information being transmitted through Abedin's unsecure, non-government email account. The documents were released in accordance with a court order from a 2015 lawsuit Judicial Watch filed against the State Department seeking “all emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non-‘state.gov' email address,” in Freedom of Information Act request.
Additionally, there are instances of plain sloppiness. On August 18, 2009, Abedin forwarded logins and passwords, a PIN number, and instructions on how to access her email from a secure State Department website to her unsecure email account.
Clinton Foundation officials were given access to Clinton's daily schedule several times. Judicial Watch highlights how donors also received special favors:
On July 14, 2009, Gordon Griffin, a XL Keystone lobbyist, sent an email to Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band, asking if Band could get him into a Council on Foreign Relations dinner at which Clinton was speaking. Band forwarded the email to Abedin, saying, “Can u get him in?” Abedin replied: “Yes will get him in.” Band was a top aide to President Bill Clinton and co-founder of Teneo. Griffin was a major donor to Hillary Clinton's Senate and presidential campaigns. On July 16, 2009, Zachary Schwartz asked Band for help getting visas to travel to Cuba for a film production crew from Shangri La Entertainment. Band forwarded the request to Abedin, telling her, “Please call zach asap on this. [Redacted.] Important.” Abedin responded, “I'll call zach when we land in India.” Abedin concludes with “Enjoy. Cuba is complicated. Am sure you aren't surprised to hear that.” Schwartz worked for Steve Bing, a mega-donor to the Clintons and owner of Shangri La Entertainment. Bing has reportedly donated $10-25 million to the Clinton Foundation and paid Bill Clinton personally $2.5 million a year to be an adviser to a green construction company Bing owned. … On May 5, 2010, major Clinton Global Initiative member, Clinton Foundation donor and real estate developer Eddie Trump forwarded to “Dougie” Band a request for assistance from Russian American Foundation Vice President Rina Kirshner to get the Russian American Foundation involved in a State Department program. Band forwarded the request to Abedin, saying, “Can we get this done/mtg set.” As Judicial Watch previously reported, the State Department doled out more than $260,000 to the Russian American Foundation for “public diplomacy.”
The White House has recently said that the Department of Justice “should certainly look at” prosecuting former FBI Director James Comey for “improper” and potentially “illegal” behavior.
Will the White House now called for a renewed investigation into Hillary Clinton's criminal mishandling of classified information and corrupt pay-for-play relationships with Clinton Foundation donors?
We've had the Nintendo Switch here in Ars' orbiting HQ for a few days now, and while we're still working on a more thorough review ahead of launch, we're now able to share some initial impressions of the final retail system to add to our hands-on time from last month
So far, testing out the Switch has exclusively meant playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, the only one of nine confirmed launch games we have our hands on as of yet. Any significant non-gaming or online functions are tied to a "Day One" system update that likely won't be available in time for pre-launch reviews. Further thoughts on the experience of motion controlled games (like 1-2-Switch), or games that support individual Joy-Cons held horizontally (like Super Bomberman R) will also have to wait.
At a glance, Breath of the Wild doesn't look like it would be out of place on the nearly five-year-old Wii U. Perhaps that's not surprising since the game started life as a Wii U title, and a version of it is releasing concurrently on that older console. Still, played on a TV, the one Switch game we've had significant time with so far doesn't sport any of the graphical "wow factor" you might usually associate with a new console launch.
Where Breath of the Wild ends up being much more striking is in portable mode. I've primarily tested the system on the Switch's 6.2", 720p screen as I've travelled for work over the past few days. The screen's size and relatively high resolution means that elements like text, health displays, and button prompts can be both small and clearly legible. After years spent tolerating Nintendo portables with relatively low-res screens and big, pixelated graphical elements, the level of fine detail that can be held in your hands is a wonder.
My favorite way to play Breath of the Wild so far is with the Joy-Cons detached from the system, one held in each hand. You can connect the individual controllers to a centralized Grip to make them feel more like a standard dual-stick controller, but I'm not sure why you would want to. Held separately, you can lounge around comfortably with your hands and arms resting literally anywhere, rather than having to scrunch them together directly in front of you.
That said, the extremely thin and small Joy-Con controllers can be a little hard to get a solid grasp on when they're not connected to a controller Grip or the tablet system itself. The rounded corner of the controller ends up crooked in the very center of your palm, which has to offer most of the support as your fingers struggle to wrap around the tiny base. It's not uncomfortable by any means—the Joy-Cons are so light you'll practically forget they're there—but it still feels a little odd, like trying to hold a Milano cookie when you're more used to holding a thicker Twinkie.
Despite its thin profile, the Switch feels relatively hefty in the hand and comes across as much denser than the likes of the 3DS or Vita (and especially the airy, toy-like tablet on the Wii U). The tablet itself is solidly built and doesn't feel in danger of snapping apart under stress.
The one exception to that solid build quality so far is the extremely flimsy kickstand on the back of the unit. In about two days of frequent use, that thin, roughly one-inch wide piece of plastic has already broken off two times under normal use. It's easy enough to snap back into place, but it's enough to make you worry about putting any accidental weight on the system when it's propped up.
Battery life so far conforms to Nintendo's stated specs—I can get about three hours of portable Zelda play on a full battery charge, depending on the screen brightness. The included AC adapter seems to fill about 1 percent of the battery per minute (give or take) when the system is in sleep mode (that mode is very power conscious, incidentally—after eight hours in "sleep," a fully charged battery had only drained to 98 percent).
I thought the Switch's USB-C charging port would mean I could use any standard external battery pack to charge the system away from an outlet on long trips. Testing with the Jackery Titan S, though, I was only able to get a trickle charge of about 1 percent every six minutes. That charge was so weak that, during normal gameplay, the Switch actually died on me while it was still plugged in to the external battery pack.
This could just be an issue of Voltage—the packaged wall outlet is rated for 15V/2.6A, while the battery pack is only rated at 5V/3A—or it might be an issue with confusing USB-C charging standards. In any case, don't expect perfect compatibility with third-party chargers.
While we're talking about charging, let me just say that the decision to put the charging port on the bottom of the system is a horrible one. This means the system is impossible to charge when it's propped up on the kickstand (unless you have a table with a convenient hole in it). Even if you're holding the system in your hands, the charging cable sticks out awkwardly, preventing you from resting the system comfortably on your chest, legs, etc. Even if the design makes the system easier to use with the included dock, it's pretty annoying.
Other miscellaneous observations:
The back of the Switch tablet gets noticeably warm to the touch after prolonged use or charging, but never so hot that it can't be comfortably handled. The warmth is less apparent on the attached controllers, which is where it's going to be making the most contact with your hands anyway.
The touchscreen seems is perfectly functional when using one finger to tap on system menus. It seems likely that's all the touchscreen will ever be used for, though, since it's totally inaccessible when the system is docked to a TV.
The analog sticks and buttons on the Joy-Con are actually slightly smaller than those on the PS4 or Xbox One controller. And the front shoulder button on each side has to be ridiculously thin to fit atop the tablet. It's still usable, but it feels weird to hit a target so much thinner than your finger.
Sliding the Joy-Cons on and off the system is still extremely satisfying and seems well-poised to be a new nervous habit for me. When you slide the controllers into place, there's a small visual cue on the edge of the screen, and the speakers let out a cute little "click" sound effect, too.
You can slide the Joy-Cons onto the tablet backwards if you want to play blind with the screen facing away from you. You can't slide them in upside-down, though.
We'll be putting the Switch through as much testing as we can leading up to its March 3 launch next week. For now, though, my inner seven-year-old is still marveling at how far Nintendo handhelds have come since the original black-and-white Game Boy.
The Lady Racing Drivers of Brooklands Reading time: about 4 minutes. American
British
Cars
Photography
Racing
Women
The significant influence had by women on motor racing, especially in the formative years of the sport, has been largely forgotten and even swept under the rug in some instances. It seems like a shame to let this history disappear into the ether, especially when you consider the enormous odds that these ladies had to overcome to even be allowed into a car in the first place – let alone permitted to race shoulder-to-shoulder with men.
This collection of images was provided by the Brooklands Museum, along with a small amount of information of who is in the images and when they were taken. Some of these ladies have a traceable history and some don't – but we've provided as much information as we could gather with each photograph.
⇞ This is American-born driver Kay Petre, she was born Kathleen Coad Defries in 1903 and moved to England with her husband Henry Petre in 1930. Kay took an interest in motor racing after being events held at Brooklands, a circuit that also had an airfield where her husband would often fly.
Henry bought Kay her first car for her birthday – a Wolseley Hornet Daytona Special that she landed on the podium in her first two races. By 1933 she was ready for something more and upgraded to a far more capable 2 litre Bugatti.
⇞ The image above is the most famous photograph of Kay, it also features the monstrous 1924 Delage – a 10.5 litre V12-engined Land Speed Record car she had been racing against the menfolk. Due to her relatively demure stature, Kay needed large wooden blocks strapped to the pedals to allow her to operate them. In 1935 she took the Ladies Land Speed Record at 134.75mph in the Delage.
⇞ This photograph shows Kay Petre when she was recuperating after she had been seriously injured by an out of control car in 1937. She was clipped from behind and lost control at high speed, leaving her pinned under the car and suffering injuries that were very nearly fatal. She didn't let this stop her however, and she was still racing across Europe in events like the Alpine Rally and the Monte Carlo Rally. After retiring from racing Kay became a motoring journalist and a designer – she created the fabric patterns used on the first Minis.
⇞ These 3 MGs were all piloted by women at Le Mans in 1935, the team was dubbed “The Dancing Daughters” after a popular variety act and the drivers were: Margaret Allen & Coleen Eaton, Doreen Evans & Barbara Skinner, Joan Richmond & Joan Simpson.
⇞ This is Violet Cordery in 1930. She won multiple races in her humble little 2.5 litre Invicta and she had to be talked out of racing the 4.5 litre version of the car in reverse around Brooklands – just to see if she could. A year earlier in 1929 Invicta hired Violet and her sister to drive a total distance of 30,000 miles around the track at an average speed of 61.57mph – to prove that the car was reliable.
⇞ The no-nonsense pairing of Mrs Elsie “Bill” Wisdom and Miss Joan Richmond – taken in July 1932.
⇞ Doreen Evans having a sip of tea at Brooklands in July of 1936, she was one of the leading female racing drivers of the 1930s and she came from a family of dedicated racers who owned the Bellevue Garage in Wandsworth. She was also one of “The Dancing Daughters” to race for MG at Le Mans in 1935.
⇞ Mrs Gordon Simpson and her young protege Joan Richmond, sitting in Joan's 3 litre GP Ballot racer in July 1934, enjoying a pre-race cigarette.
⇞ Elsie Wisdom in 1930 at Brooklands, Elsie was most famous for mastering the exceptionally difficult to drive 7.2 litre Leyland-Thomas. She won Britain's first 1000 mile race partnered with Joan Richmond, at an average speed of 84.41mph.
⇞ Miss J Alwyne – a respected mechanic working on a battered racer at Brooklands in 1931.
⇞ Kitty Brunell, a renowned driver and mechanic working on her AC Ace Sports engine. Kitty was the only woman to ever win the British RAC Rally, she used Brooklands to tune her car's engine and suspension for the demanding rally stages.
⇞ Paddy Naismith pushing her car to to the track for a race at Brooklands – June the 5th 1933.
⇞ Gwenda Stewart took the Ladies Outer Circuit lap record in 1935 at an average speed of 135.95mph.
⇞ A Brooklands' mechanic helps Dorothy Turner fasten her helmet in July 1937.
⇞ Left to Right: Gwenda Stewart, Doreen Evans, Kay Petre and Elsie Wisdom. Taken in September 1935.
⇞ Doreen Evans taking over the sash during a relay race at Brooklands in July 1935.
⇞ Fay Taylour at Brooklands in 1930. She was known as “Flying Fay” and started out as a speedway motorcycle racer, she switched to cars full time in 1930 and she was still racing during the 1950s against drivers like Stirling Moss and Peter Collins.
⇞ Eileen Ellison racing a Bugatti during the Mountain Race at Brooklands in 1934.
⇞ Mrs Aclace signals the drivers from the pit lane during the JCC 200-mile race at Brooklands in August 1938.
⇞ Miss Patten, Baroness Dorndorf, leans on her Peugeot in May 1939.
Information via the Brooklands Museum, Flashbak, MotorSport and The Selvedge Yard.
Updating three issues from Wednesday (the Wednesday buzz column can be found below that):
### The Dolphins hope to strike a deal with an offensive tackle very soon after working out right tackles Eric Winston, Tyson Clabo and Winston Justice on Wednesday and left tackle Bryant McKinnie earlier in the week.
The Dolphins prefer to do a short term deal (one or two years) at modest money. Financial parameters were discussed with agents for some, but not all, of the four players.
The Dolphins are considering not only what player would be the best fit on the field, but also what would make the most sense financially. The Dolphins want to leave their options open to be able to acquire a long-term answer at tackle next offseason, but they also have not ruled out trading for a longterm tackle this offseason.
Even while the three right tackles were visiting Wednesday, the Dolphins continued discussions with the representative for McKinnie, who also is considering San Diego, Baltimore and recent overtures from Dallas. Serious negotiations are underway with the Chargers.
McKinnie's appeal to the Dolphins is that he can play left tackle well, unlike the others. But they might be reluctant to pay what he can get elsewhere, including San Diego; that remains fluid. And the right tackles remain under consideration, too.
Clabo started every game for the Falcons the past five seasons and was rated 14th among 80 tackles by Pro Football Focus for 2012. Winston started 15 games for the Chiefs and was ranked 26th by PFF.
Justice started 12 games for the Colts and was rated 45th. McKinnie started for the Ravens during their playoff run last season after not starting a game during the regular season.
### Point guard Angel Rodriguez, who is transferring from Kansas State, has signed with UM, according to his Miami Tropics coach, Art Alvarez. Rodriguez, who was second-team All Big 12 last season, wanted to attend school closer to his family in Puerto Rico. He will apply for a family hardship in an attempt to become eligible this season, but it's questionable if that will be granted. Rodriguez visited UM Wednesday, Alvarez said.
### After receiving permission from UM to talk to other schools - and having conversations with several of those schools this week - quarterback Preston Dewey has decided to stay at UM, his father told me today. That's a surprise to UM people. UM was prepared to grant him his release.
Several UM people expected he would leave after he asked for permission to contact other schools about transferring. Dewey received that permission Monday and spoke to several schools this week. UM specified some schools with whom he could not speak.
Dewey's father declined to explain why Preston asked for permission to speak to other schools, or why the conversations with other schools didn't materialize into a transfer.
His father said he was comfortable saying only this: "Preston loves the U, is making good grades and has no plans to transfer. And yes, he would be willing to stay at Miami even in the event he is not a starter."
Asked if Preston would be comfortable here even if he doesn't play, his father said "yes" but then said he didn't want to answer that question.
It's unclear how Preston feels about everything, because he was not available for comment. He likes attending UM and likes the players and coaches but has been frustrated at times about his situation, according to a very close associate.
UM's Al Golden does not pull scholarships from players unless they've committed a violation, so it's unlikely Dewey's scholarship would be yanked now that he has declined the opportunity to transfer.
Recruited by former coordinator Jedd Fisch, Dewey is unlikely to play at UM anytime soon, if at all. He's fourth on the depth chart (behind Stephen Morris, Ryan Williams and Gray Crow) and could fall further when David Thompson moves over from baseball and top prospect Kevin Olsen joins the team this summer. Dewey was an All-American in high school in Austin, Tx., and is considered a highly intelligent quarterback. But arm strength has been a question.
############################################################################
WEDNESDAY BUZZ COLUMN
If medical tests at the NFL Combine hadn't turned up a worrisome red flag, the player that the Dolphins hope will become a long-term starting cornerback might still be on the road toward a transplant. And that health scare contributed to Jamar Taylor sliding into the Dolphins' lap at No. 54 in the draft.
According to a source, here's the behind-the-scenes story that played out with Miami's second-round pick: Taylor has had high blood pressure since high school. He was placed on medication that has serious side effects for some, especially black males.
The medication damaged his kidneys. Anti-inflammatories made matters worse. When he was tested at the Combine in February, his kidneys were functioning at 42 percent efficiency, alarming both Taylor and NFL teams.
When Taylor had a biopsy, it was determined the blood pressure medication was causing the problem, and there was no pre-existing kidney condition. So he was placed on new blood pressure medication and told not to take anti-inflammatories.
His kidneys were left with scar tissue, but doctors expect their operating efficiency to improve. He'll have another test in a few months.
This was explained to teams, but several picking between 25 and 45 nevertheless voiced concern about his kidneys in deciding to pass on a player many considered a first-round talent.
So at 54, the Dolphins came away with “good value” and a likely starter, as Mel Kiper said. And more importantly, as a friend of Taylor said, “the Combine helped him from needing a kidney transplant in 10 years.”
CHATTER
### Kiper gave the Dolphins' draft a B-, asserting that though Dion Jordan “is a gifted athlete that can help their pass rush, I can't totally disagree with Jon Gruden, who was critical of the move. I'm not sure you can cast him in a 4-3 defensive end role, because he could be a physical liability against the run. But I don't think Miami will.”
### A longtime NFC scout who we trust said “Mike Gillislee could play 8 to 10 years as a backup. He's similar to [UM's] Mike James, but more explosive. Neither is special. I see Jelani Jenkins as a cover guy who will play a lot against a Tom Brady, not nearly as much against power teams.
“We thought at most Dallas Thomas would be a starting guard and backup tackle, not a starting tackle. We considered Dion Sims but had concerns about his speed.”
### Please see our last post for news on three more free agents visiting the Dolphins.
### Remember how former Canes Ray Ray Armstrong and Vaughn Telemaque talked about being one of the great safety tandems in college football? Telemaque still hasn't found a team willing to invite him to rookie minicamp; Armstrong went undrafted and signed with the Rams… Here is the final list of where the undrafted Canes ended up: Ramon Buchanon (Seattle contract), Jeremy Lewis (Tampa tryout), Kendal Thompkins (Kansas City tryout), Dalton Botts (Saints and Buccaneers tryouts). Jake Wieclaw has found nothing, his agent said.
### The Heat went from last in the league in rebounding during the regular season to outrebounding Milwaukee by 35 in the first round. But Chris Bosh said he saw this coming because “we're a different team in the playoffs. It's different when you know you have to get the rebound.”
### Celtics coach Doc Rivers doesn't agree with the notion that a team with a good post presence is better equipped to beat Miami. “It's going to be team toughness and mental toughness,” Rivers said. “You can have great size, but if you are not mentally tough, you are going to get smacked by them.”
### Predictably, Heat players insisted Tuesday they don't have a preference for their next opponent, though Miami was 3-0 against the Nets and 2-2 against the Bulls. The Heat will play the winner of the Bulls-Nets series, with Game 1 set for Monday in Miami. The rest of the schedule hasn't been announced.
### Marlins advisor Jack McKeon said outfield prospect Marcell Ozuna – promoted to the Marlins Tuesday – reminds me [of two-time American League home run champ] Tony Armas, with his power and speed.”
One NL scout said he believes Ozuna has more upside than Christian Yelich, the Marlins' top position prospect. Ozuna hit 22, 23 and 24 home runs the past three seasons. “Ozuna can do it all – can run, can hit, can throw,” manager Mike Redmond said.
Ozuna was promoted ahead of Yelich for three reasons: Yelich recently returned from injury; he wasn't hitting as well as Ozuna, who was hitting .333 with five homers and 15 RBI; and unlike Ozuna, Yelich isn't yet required to be on the 40-man roster, so the Marlins would have needed to make room for him by purging a player.
### Miami Tropics coach Art Alvarez said point guard Angel Rodriguez, who is leaving Kansas State after being named second-team Big 12 to be closer to family in Puerto Rico, plans to commit to UM during his visit this week and then apply for a family hardship exception to try to become eligible this season.
### Former NBA All-Star Kenny Anderson, arrested for DUI in Pembroke Pines this past weekend -- he was more than twice the legal limit -- will not be retained as coach at Jewish Day School in Davie. He was the most famous high school basketball coach in Florida.
### I'm on Twitter now: @flasportsbuzz
"We must ensure that this institution handles complaints to create an environment where staffers can come forward if something happens to them without having to fear that it will ruin their careers," Gillibrand said in a statement.
She added that "you see time and again in institutions all around the country ... a culture where power and fear keep sexual assault and sexual harassment in the shadows. Congress is no different."
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition to requiring that the Office of Compliance's voluntary sexual harassment training be mandatory, the forthcoming legislation — according to a breakdown from Gillibrand's office — would streamline the office's system for reporting sexual harassment and filing complaints, as well as create a new position "to serve as a confidential advisor for victims of harassment."
It would also give interns more resources, require that staffers post information around a lawmakers's offices and require a survey to study the breadth of potential sexual harassment around the Capitol.
Four in 10 of the women who responded to a Roll Call survey earlier this year said they believed Capitol Hill had a sexual harassment problem, while 1 in 6 said they had experienced it personally.
One current lawmaker and three former lawmakers told The Associated Press that they had experienced sexual harassment or hostile comments around the Capitol. Staffers also described to Roll Call the worry that reporting an incident would negatively impact their careers.
The push for Congress to take a tougher stance on sexual harassment has gained momentum in the wake of a spate of high-profile allegations of sexual harassment and assault around the country.
Shelby told The Washington Post that "Senator Klobuchar and I are working closely with our colleagues to address the issue in the most effective manner."
Klobuchar is supportive of making sexual harassment training mandatory.
As a growing number of nations around the globe embrace the potential of Fintech to provide superior services to consumers, businesses and the under-banked, one country stands out as lacking in leadership in the evolution of finance.
The US has been the epicenter of financial services and markets for many decades. New York City is a global hub of banking, markets, and affiliated services. Depending on how you measure things, both London and New York have topped the list of financial center rankings (Singapore is in the mix too). But while New York is a global hub for traditional finance when it comes to Fintech innovation usually London and Singapore first come to mind.
This is not to say there are not a growing number of Fintech firms setting up shop in the Big Apple but more a comment on public policy. While both Singapore and the UK have seen firm governmental support in developing a Fintech ecosystem – the same cannot be said about the US of A.
Sure. US policymakers are slowly coming around. But too many hurdles remain.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the UK created the concept of a Fintech Sandbox to allow disruptive financial firms to test their models without being hindered by ill-suited regulations. The FCA is accepting applications for its 2nd round of participants now. Simultaneously the Bank of England has launched its own Fintech Accelerator.
The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) announced guidelines for their Fintech Sandbox last week. The public consultation on the Sandbox started in June 2016, finished in July and is now ready to push forward. Singapore has launched the largest Fintech Accelerator in the world with the backing of the government. In the US there has been ongoing discussion, but little real movement from the public sector acknowledging the importance for our financial industry.
SEC Commissioner Piwowar, to his credit, stated at the recent Fintech Forum organized by the SEC (it was Piwowar's idea), stated in his opening remarks;
“As it is obvious to any market participant or observer, our financial regulatory structure is a fragmented, sometimes contradictory, alphabet soup. A recent study by Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business Center for Financial Markets Policy correctly points out that the most common regulatory struggle for FinTech firms in the United States “does not concern a specific regulation or regulator, but rather the extremely complex process of navigating multiple regulatory portals.” The great potential of FinTech should not be hindered by our current regulatory structure.”
Piwowar believes the SEC should take the lead regulatory role in the emerging Fintech sector and he has a strong argument.
The Commission is a bipartisan group, beholden to Congress, with offices spread across the country that can uniquely provide local support for emerging innovative financial firms. The SEC is perhaps best poised in the incredibly encumbered financial regulatory world to provide blocking power for entrepreneurs hoping to provide better services to the US population while benefitting the economy.
Will the incoming administration see the potential of Fintech that is so obvious to the rest of the world? Let's hope this is the case.
Commissioner Piwowar's opening statement at the Fintech Forum is republished below.
Nov. 14, 2016
Good morning. Welcome to all of you, especially the distinguished panelists. I want to thank Chair White for holding today's forum, as well as being forward-thinking about financial technology (“FinTech”) by creating the Commission's first ever FinTech working group. In her opening remarks, Chair White already mentioned a number of staffers who helped make this forum happen. I also want to recognize Michael Liftik and Ryan VanGrack from the Chair's Office for all their efforts in coordinating this event.
I am delighted that the Commission has convened this forum to discuss FinTech and, specifically, FinTech's potential benefits to investors and our markets, the risks that FinTech may create, and the role of the Commission in fostering further FinTech innovations while staying true to our mission of protecting investors, maintaining fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitating capital formation.
FinTech is frequently lauded as a disruptive force that is transforming the financial services industry, and that is clearly true. On a recent trip to East Africa, I saw firsthand the transformational impact of FinTech. In a region where a significant portion of the population does not have access to the creature comforts we take for granted in the United States — let alone bank accounts — the pervasive M-Pesa technology facilitates payment for services and money transfers on early generation cellular telephones. Financial inclusion rates have grown dramatically and crime rates have dropped substantially since the introduction of that technology.
But I hope that today's discussion will go further than simply celebrating the successes, momentum and future promise of FinTech. I encourage the panelists to tackle the difficult regulatory questions that FinTech presents. We should also explore various constructs that have been proposed, both domestically and internationally, to encourage FinTech innovations without creating undue risks to the marketplace or imposing artificial limits on activities (e.g., regulatory sandboxes).
As it is obvious to any market participant or observer, our financial regulatory structure is a fragmented, sometimes contradictory, alphabet soup. A recent study by Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business Center for Financial Markets Policy correctly points out that the most common regulatory struggle for FinTech firms in the United States “does not concern a specific regulation or regulator, but rather the extremely complex process of navigating multiple regulatory portals.” The great potential of FinTech should not be hindered by our current regulatory structure.
Therefore, I believe the Commission should take the lead regulatory role in the FinTech space. Many of the firms pursuing FinTech are already SEC registrants, and others are providing services that are squarely within the Commission's oversight, such as investment advice and trading and settlement functionalities. And we are the only agency with a mission that explicitly includes facilitating capital formation. In that regard, our recent crowdfunding initiatives provide us the relevant experience and expertise for understanding the regulatory challenges of small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and their investors. Finally, the Commission has 11 regional offices, several in areas that are centers of FinTech innovation, that could serve as intake centers for FinTech startups seeking regulatory information and guidance.
All that is to say that the SEC is uniquely situated to determine whether and how FinTech currently fits, and ultimately should fit, within a financial regulatory structure. Today's forum is an important first step in that journey.
Thank you.
Today the Blockchain technology in not just a distributed ledger Bitcoin transactions are based on, but a cutting-edge technology that becomes widely used by ambitious startups, giant software companies, major world banks and even governments. Just as decades ago the Internet came to change our ordinary lifestyles, the Blockchain may change the future.
Blockchain technology seems to have come to stay, despite being in its early stages yet. Like previous inventions and developments, the journey from concept to implementation involves conquering challenges ranging from acceptance, trust, adoption, and more.
Blockchain technology and cryptocurrency experts speaking to CoinIdol.com told about the future development of Blockchain technology. From concept to implementation, several factors will come into play as the Blockchain develops. However, proper use cases, constant work and patience are factors that cannot be overemphasized if implementation must be achieved soon for the Blockchain.
Insufficient use case criteria
Speaking to Coinidol on the subject is the Executive Director of Strength in Numbers Foundation, a US "Digital Trust" established to develop and certify pro-social cryptocurrencies for public benefit, David V. Duccini. Duccini points out that one of the factors that has slowed acceptance of the Blockchain is insufficient use case criteria.
”There will certainly be more broadstream acceptance when we have really good criteria and use cases for things other than value attribution”.
Duccini says that bitcoin is a kind of “stored value”, and most other altcoins according to him are “brand only coins with no actual utility”
“I think one of the best use cases is what Nathan Wosnack and team are working on with regard to land and title registries”.
He concludes by explaining that the Blockchain is a protocol, a technology. Saying that we may demand that certain things use one, in the same way that we now require that certain documents have notary or medallion stamps on them for attestation.
There's still a long way to go
Founder of Bitcoin Alliance India, and CEO at SearchTrade, Vishal Gupta, says that the Blockchain is a distributed trust network and its acceptance is around the ideological trends within the system.
Gupta says to Coinidol:
“The technology around the implementation of the Blockchain is still at a very nascent stage. I don't see it being mass adopted by large institutions any time soon. All the half baked news outlets that keep publishing about banks adopting is deceiving since most of these guys are still trying to learn or at best test this solution. After 8 years of development, industry is still struggling with standardised implementation of managed wallet services and we see hacks and thefts year on year. To me, most of the benefits spoken about are still theoretical and could take around 5 to 10 years before they reach product grade reliable code”.
It all depends on the industry
In his own opinion, Nathan Wosnack, CEO at Ubitquity, says that it all depends on the industry and the implementation of the blockchain.
“To say blockchain by itself is vague. The technology doesn't matter so much as the why, the customer and the use of said blockchain”. He says.
Wosnack makes clear that if there is a market demand, and if there is a pain point to address, blockchain technology has the potential to disrupt and change an entire industry. Often, using a tech before there is a problem, is putting the cart before the horse.
Patience is key
For Kumar Gaurav, Founder and CEO at Cashaa, the journey from concept to implementation is a process that requires work and patience.
According to Gaurav, first the Blockchain industry must “Overcome the Hype” and secondly a repeated process of “try, fail and try again” is the certain route to achieve implementation of the technology.
However, Gaurav agrees that the developments seen so far within the Blockchain ecosystem are positive enough to encourage acceptance and implementation.
He says:
“I think the development is underway and we have to keep patience, it is not easy to suddenly replace the old functional system with some new architecture, it will take time. Many firms have already developed some good use cases where trust based system can replace the current mechanism. Development will take time but it will happen faster than the development of internet”.
Gaurav points out the numerous projects that are underway by companies like Deloitte, PwC, Allianz, Accenture, Philips Healthcare and many others. Also, startups like Abra, Bitpesa and Cashaa, that he says are solving real world problems by using the current potential of the Bitcoin Blockchain for services which are directly being used by the average user.
“We will see more startups and projects very soon which will help in building a complete ecosystem faster and leaner”, he concludes.
Caleb Porter (born February 18, 1975) is an American soccer coach who is the head coach of Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew SC.[1]. He was previously head coach of the Portland Timbers from 2013 until 2017, the coach of the United States U-23 team in 2011–12 and of the University of Akron men's team from 2006 to 2012.
A former midfielder, he played college soccer for Indiana University before his short professional career in Major League Soccer and the United Soccer League was ended by persistent knee injuries.
Player [ edit ]
Porter attended Indiana University where he played on the men's soccer team from 1994 to 1997. He graduated in 1997 with a Bachelor's degree in sports management. In February 1998, the San Jose Clash selected Porter with the 3rd round (27th overall) in the 1998 MLS College Draft. He did not join the Clash until 1999 but his tenure there was short - he made just four appearances and, in his one start, was ejected in the 32nd minute.[2] Following that performance, the Clash sent him on loan to the Sacramento Geckos of the A-League[3] before waiving him in June. He quickly returned to MLS after being signed by the Tampa Bay Mutiny in July.[4] He suffered from several knee injuries and had arthroscopic surgery on both knees during the off-season before retiring on June 30, 2000.[5] In 1997, Porter was a member of the U.S. soccer team which took the bronze medal at the 1997 World University Games.
College coach [ edit ]
In 2000, Porter returned to Indiana University as an assistant soccer coach. After Ken Lolla left the University of Akron in December 2005, the Zips hired Porter as head soccer coach. After taking the Zips to two consecutive Mid-American Conference titles, and being named the 2007 MAC Coach of the Year, Porter signed a two-year contract extension in June 2008.
Following Akron's near-perfect season of 2009, Porter was rumored to be in talks with Major League Soccer club D.C. United about their vacant head coaching position.[6] However, the University of Akron and Porter agreed on terms of a new contract, keeping him in Akron for the next five years.[7]
Under Porter, the 2010 Akron squad captured the NCAA Men's Division I Soccer Championship, defeating the Louisville Cardinals, 1–0.[8]
National team coach [ edit ]
Porter was named the head coach of the U.S. Under-23 Men's National Team on October 20, 2011, while retaining his duties as coach of the Akron Zips.[9] His first task was attempting to guide the U-23 team to a successful qualifying run in March 2012 for the 2012 Olympic Games in London; however, following a 2–0 loss to Canada and a 3–3 draw with El Salvador, the Americans were eliminated.
Professional coach [ edit ]
On August 29, 2012, it was announced that he would become the head coach of MLS club Portland Timbers after the conclusion of the 2012 NCAA season.[10]
Porter was named the 2013 MLS Coach of the Year after leading Portland to a 14–5–15 (57 pts) record, finishing the regular season in first place in the Western Conference and with the third-best record in the league – two points shy of MLS Supporters' Shield-winners New York Red Bulls. In 2013, the Timbers set new single-season club marks in points, wins, goals (54), goal differential (+21), shutouts (15) and fewest goals allowed (33). Porter was awarded the 2013 Slats Gill Sportsperson of the Year Award from the Oregon Sports Awards.[11]
In the 2014 MLS All-Star Game, Porter coached the MLS All-Star team to a 2–1 victory against Bayern Munich.[12]
Helping guides the Timbers to the MLS Western Conference Championship in two of the last three seasons, Porter has compiled one of the league's top winning percentages among active MLS head coaches (41 wins - 25 losses – 36D, .578) since 2013. The 25 career losses in his first 100 career games as an MLS head coach ranks tied for the fewest losses with San Jose's Dominic Kinnear among all MLS coaches who have reached 100 or more games in the league. Under Porter's guidance, the Timbers have made Providence Park one of the toughest places to play in the league, registering a regular-season mark of 24–7–20 at Providence Park over the three seasons 2013–15.[13]
In 2015, the Timbers once again reached the MLS Cup Playoffs, setting a new single-season club record in wins (15), while leading the league with 13 shutouts. Since 2013, Porter has helped guide the Timbers to the fourth-most points among all MLS clubs (159), behind only the New York Red Bulls (169), Seattle Sounders FC (167) and LA Galaxy (165).[14] Porter led the Timbers to their first MLS Cup final, which they won, 2–1, against Columbus Crew SC.[15]
On January 27, 2016, Porter signed a long-term contract extension with the Timbers.[16] On November 16, 2017, Porter and the Timbers mutually agreed to separate.[17]
On January 4, 2019, Columbus Crew SC announced Porter as their new head coach, to replace Gregg Berhalter, who had left to become the head coach of the United States men's national soccer team[18]. Porter's appointment was made simultaneously with the announcement of Tim Bezbatchenko as Crew SC's new president.
Honors [ edit ]
Portland Timbers
Head coaching record [ edit ]
College [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Story highlights "Hillary Clinton is not running against me, she's running against change," Trump said
Trump's served up the biting remark in a speech just 17 days from Election Day
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania (CNN) Donald Trump on Saturday ratcheted up his attacks on his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, accusing her of "running against all of the American people."
"Hillary Clinton is not running against me, she's running against change. And she's running against all of the American people and all of the American voters," the Republican nominee said Saturday, 10 minutes into a speech billed by his senior aides as his "closing argument" in the presidential race.
Trump's remark came as he argued that an outsider was needed to come into Washington and shake up the system, arguing that "we will never solve our problems by relying on the same politicians who created these problems in the first place."
But his accusation that Clinton is running against all Americans is the latest in a long line of escalating attacks against Clinton, whom he has previously called "the devil" and said he would seek to jail should he be elected president.
JUST WATCHED Trump: I am asking the American people to dream big Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump: I am asking the American people to dream big 00:50
A message left with the Clinton campaign seeking response to Trump's comments was not immediately returned. But Christina Reynolds, a Clinton spokeswoman, called Trump's speech -- in which he also threatened to sue women who have accused him of sexual impropriety -- "full of conspiracy theories."
Read More
POEMate is ios/android mobile skilltree app.
IOS:
Android:
This app is available for free and without any adds and functions exactly like any online skilltree with automatic pathing. It has fast scroll and zoom, you can select a node and app will build a path to it, you can search for nodes, you can copy/paste URLs with builds, you can even specify bandit rewards and see your char level when you add nodes. So its complete skilltree experience on a tablet.
There is an in-app purchase available for people that like to support all the work i've done and i included some very nice features in the Supporter Pack to express my gratitude:
- You can insert jewels with radius into sockets and the tree will transform according to jewel. So dex transforms to str, melee weapon nodes to bow, and Intuitve Leap allow you to pick nodes with no connection to the tree. Full jewels with radius support for all of them.
- You can specify your weapon and skill type and you will see a total for each important stat. You specify 2h axe attack melee aoe, and phys dmg with 2h gets added to phys dmg with axe and aoe damage. Same for crit, attack / cast speed, accuracy etc.
- You can specify your life/mana/es stats from gear and see exactly how how much will be your total max,your regen, your total leech cap and per target leech cap for all of them.
- You can select all the Auras and other Reservations and see exactly how much life and mana you have left. Active auras are taken into account into appropriate areas of the planner (like adding EX, regen etc)
- You can select your skill setup and see how much mana it costs, casts per second and how long can you sustain spamming it.
- You can save unlimited number of builds.
You can see video overview of all the supporter pack features here:
http://youtu.be/G8QM16bFLbE
It's video for the first release so it does not include some newer features like aura calculator and ascendancy classes.
Pls forgive my accent, english is not my first language.
I would really like to develop this app into full featured DPS calculator, but that is a lot of work. I hope your support for this app allows me to spend more time on this project.
If you like the app please tell your friends and guild mates about it, this will really help. And leave comments here to keep this thread visible.
You can post any bugs you encounter here and i will deal with them asap. Please specify your device and system version when you do.
Version History
1.3.0:
- Begineer's Tips section
- Mana Sustain calculator
- 2.5 skilltree
1.2.5:
- 2.4.0 skilltree data
- various jewel fixes
1.2.3:
- 2.3.0 skilltree data
- 8 ascendancy points cap
- clear node search button
1.2.1:
- Full support of Ascendancy Classes
In Supporter Pack:
- New panel to show attributes summary. Their effect added to appropriate areas.
- Enabling Auras now give it's effect to appropriate areas. This effect is modified by Aura - effectiveness from tree and gear.
- Essence Worm support for auras.
- Resistances added to pseudo totals.
- Can now select multiple weapon types at once
- Various small bug fixes
1.1.2:
- Full support for Talisman, including Blasphemy and Threshold Jewels
1.1:
- You can save up to 3 builds in the basic version.
- Added Reservations calculator to the Supporter Pack.
- fixed a bug with Infused Shield and some jewel stats not included in calculations.
1.0.3:
Jewels updated to changes from 2.0.2 patch and skilltree updated to marauder changes from 2.0.3 patch.
1.0.2:
- Fixed a crush that occurred for some users after purchasing Supporter Pack if they pressed back button before purchasing was finalized.
- Added Totem, Minion, Trap and Mine to Pseudo Totals Settings.
- Various Pseudo Totals fixes.
Update: 1.3 - Beginner's Tips section , Mana Sustain calculator, 2.5 skilltreePOEMate is ios/android mobile skilltree app.IOS: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/poemate/id987117713?mt=8 Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.xavdev.poemate&hl=en This app is available for free and without any adds and functions exactly like any online skilltree with automatic pathing. It has fast scroll and zoom, you can select a node and app will build a path to it, you can search for nodes, you can copy/paste URLs with builds, you can even specify bandit rewards and see your char level when you add nodes. So its complete skilltree experience on a tablet.There is an in-app purchase available for people that like to support all the work i've done and i included some very nice features in the Supporter Pack to express my gratitude:- You can insert jewels with radius into sockets and the tree will transform according to jewel. So dex transforms to str, melee weapon nodes to bow, and Intuitve Leap allow you to pick nodes with no connection to the tree. Full jewels with radius support for all of them.- You can specify your weapon and skill type and you will see a total for each important stat. You specify 2h axe attack melee aoe, and phys dmg with 2h gets added to phys dmg with axe and aoe damage. Same for crit, attack / cast speed, accuracy etc.- You can specify your life/mana/es stats from gear and see exactly how how much will be your total max,your regen, your total leech cap and per target leech cap for all of them.- You can select all the Auras and other Reservations and see exactly how much life and mana you have left. Active auras are taken into account into appropriate areas of the planner (like adding EX, regen etc)- You can select your skill setup and see how much mana it costs, casts per second and how long can you sustain spamming it.- You can save unlimited number of builds.You can see video overview of all the supporter pack features here:It's video for the first release so it does not include some newer features like aura calculator and ascendancy classes.Pls forgive my accent, english is not my first language.I would really like to develop this app into full featured DPS calculator, but that is a lot of work. I hope your support for this app allows me to spend more time on this project.If you like the app please tell your friends and guild mates about it, this will really help. And leave comments here to keep this thread visible.You can post any bugs you encounter here and i will deal with them asap. Please specify your device and system version when you do. Last edited by Xavyer on Dec 1, 2016, 4:12:17 PM Last bumped on Feb 4, 2018, 3:49:52 AM
Tropical Storm Bertha forms out in the Atlantic and is heading straight for the Caribbean
Tropical Storm Bertha has formed, becoming the second named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season.
The U.S. Hurricane Center in Miami said the tropical storm's maximum sustained winds Thursday night were near 45 mph (75 kph).
The storm is centered about 275 miles (445 kilometers) southeast of Barbados and about 385 miles (620 kilometers) southeast of St. Lucia, and is moving northwest at 20 mph (31 kph).
Scroll down for video
The newly named Tropical Storm Bertha was forecast to move through the Lesser Antilles and pass close to Puerto Rico
This season has gotten off to a slow start, in many ways. Hurricane Arthur was just a few days ahead of the normal timing for the season's first named system, though the season's first hurricane doesn't typically arrive until early August.
RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Can you guess the location by the Lego scene? Ingenious... Single mom, 24, wins lottery and plans to spend $66million... Share this article Share This season was the first since 2004 without a tropical storm forming in May or June. The long-range forecast still calls for a mild season. In part, that's based on the formation of an El Nino in the tropical Pacific. During El Nino, the warming of surface waters result in upper-air winds from the west that can snuff out potential Atlantic hurricanes. Tropical Storm Bertha has formed, becoming the second named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season
As afar as Bertha is concerned, a tropical storm warning has been issued for Barbados and Dominica. A tropical storm watch has been issued for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Bertha was expected to pass near Barbados on Friday afternoon and travel through the central Lesser Antilles on Friday evening.
The hurricane center said little change is expected in the storm's strength over the next couple of days.
The meteorological service of Barbados has issued a Tropical Storm Warning for Barbados and Dominica.
Acting Secretary of the Air Force Eric Fanning and an analyst from National Air and Space Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, August 28, 2013. United States Air Force
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, Ohio (AP) — When North Korea launches a ballistic missile over the Pacific, the United States top leaders turn to the National Air and Space Intelligence Center based at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
Analysis by NASIC keeps the White House, Congress and the Pentagon aware of air, space and cyber threats and determine what dangers a missile from the rogue country has for the U.S. and its allies.
"It is no exaggeration to say that the assessments NASIC generates can make the difference between war and peace," said Loren B. Thompson, a senior defense analyst with the Virginia-based Lexington Institute.
NASIC last week opened a $29.5 million building expansion in a remote part of Wright-Patterson. The Air Force allowed the media to be at the opening, but revealed very little about the work that will be going on at the expansion.
The secretive agency with a MiG-29 jet fighter outside its headquarters assesses the intercontinental ballistic missile threat capabilities of China, Russia, Iran and North Korea, among others, and disassembles foreign technology to find out the secrets an adversary has flying in air or space.
"They are clearly focused on cutting-edge problems that our country faces and that frankly many of my constituents ask me about every day," said US Rep. Mac Thornberry, R-Texas, the House Armed Services Committee chairman who got a behind-the-scenes tour of NASIC this month. "What are we going to do about North Korea? Where is Iran headed? What about the Russian and Chinese capabilities?"
US Rep. Mike Turner, R-Dayton, has invited several members of Congress, including Thornberry, to tour NASIC and Wright-Patterson, which he called "critical" to national security.
Today, NASIC has 3,100 civilian employees and military personnel and a $430 million budget.
Along with the nation's highest-ranking political and military leaders, it provides intelligence to warfighters and to acquisition weapons experts to counter adversary threats.
"There are certainly issues that you hear about that are high in the national dialogue like North Korean ballistic missiles, but there are plenty of other things going on in the world that we watch," NASIC commander Col. Sean P. Larkin said in an interview with this newspaper.
NASIC will need future funding for a major expansion of its main headquarters to meet demands, Larkin said. He projected "modest" growth of the workforce, which has added an average of about 100 employees a year since the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The agency workforce has mostly science, engineering and technology skills, and high demands in cyber, and data processing experts as the volume of intelligence to interpret and evaluate grows.
"The main thing we need at NASIC is innovative, hardworking, dedicated people to come here to do the nation's business," he said.
Second Lt. Michael Emard creates slides during a demonstration of the new Enhanced Reporting, Narrative Event Streaming Tool developed by the Air Force Research Lab, at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, October 15, 2014. United States Air Force
NASIC has a key role assessing the severity of military threats against the United States, said Thompson, who also serves as a defense industry consultant.
"It typically relies on technical means of collecting intelligence, which in the case of North Korea may be the only reliable intelligence we have," he said. "There are probably not many US spies operating on the ground in North Korea.
"NASIC not only analyzes what weapons an enemy has, but what weapons it is seeking to acquire, when those weapons will become available, and how they might be used."
Turner, a member of both the House armed services and intelligence committees, said lawmakers understand the work NASIC does have grown in importance as the nation faces increasingly complex threats.
"By continuing to bring other top congressional leaders to Wright-Patt to see firsthand the important work done here, I am better able to advocate for Wright-Patt funding in Washington," he said in a statement that also credited his advocacy for congressional dollars to build a recent NASIC expansion.
NASIC marks its 100th anniversary in Dayton this year, tracing its history to the Army's old McCook Field in Dayton where engineers took apart foreign airplanes in World War I to learn the secrets they held. Since then, the predecessors of the agency and NASIC itself has dissected Russian-built MiG fighter jets and air-to-air missiles, among other bounty, and once lead the Project Blue Book investigation into reports of UFOs in the 1960s.
North Korea, which has threatened a nuclear strike against the US if the communist regime is attacked, has had a series of escalating missile and nuclear tests that have rattled neighboring US allies Japan and South Korea and others.
"North Korea is a very tough problem set for us to analyze because it's so insular and so we only get to see their advancements when they test," said Gary O'Connell, a retired NASIC chief scientist. "It's getting predictive as possible against a country like that, trying to find out how far they've gotten before they actually launch."
The most difficult is trying to determine a nuclear-armed North Korea's intentions, he said. NASIC collaborates with other US intelligence agencies to try to find that answer, he said.
"The biggest (nuclear arsenal) is definitely Russia simply in terms of numbers and destructive capability, but North Korea is probably the most unpredictable," O'Connell said.
The Defense Intelligence Agency assesses an adversary's nuclear warhead threat, while NASIC analyzes a foreign adversary's missiles with a range over 1,000 kilometers, he noted.
"Understanding precisely what capabilities North Korea has could be crucial to the survival of millions of people in the US and allied states," said Thompson, a former deputy director of the security studies program at Georgetown University in Washington, DC.
"It isn't enough to know that the North Koreans are testing long-range missiles," he said. "We need to know whether they have nuclear warheads that might be carried on the missiles, what the explosive yield is, how accurately the warheads can be delivered, and whether they can survive fiery reentry into the Earth's atmosphere.
The US has an array of arcane systems for collecting such technical intelligence, Thompson said, but added NASIC has to apply experience and expertise to the information to figure out precisely what it means to America's security.
In June, NASIC publicly issued a "Ballistic and Cruise Missile Threat" report reviewing global threats. The analysis, put together with the Defense Intelligence Ballistic Missile Analysis Committee, noted North Korea had launched the Taepo Dong-2 space rocket that carried a satellite into orbit in December 2012 and February 2016.
If configured as an ICBM, it could reach the United States," the report said, adding the country had "unveiled road mobile ICBMs," and was developing submarine-launched ballistic missiles, among a range of short- and long-range weapons.
"The pace of North Korea's ballistic missile flight tests have increased dramatically in recent years," NASIC experts reported.
In July, North Korea launched two Hwasong-14 ballistic missiles raising new alarms about the reclusive country's capabilities after the NASIC report was released.
Based on those flight tests, three independent researchers however concluded the Hwasong-14 was not currently a nuclear threat to the US lower 48 states, but a "carefully choreographed deception by North Korea to create a false impression" it was a threat to the continental United States, said their report, published in the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists in August and also reported in Newsweek.
First Lt. Kristin Spencer watches a video for suspicious behavior during a demonstration of a new Enhanced Reporting, Narrative Event Streaming Tool developed by the Air Force Research Laboratory, at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, October 15, 2014. United States Air Force
The researchers' conclusions also raised doubts the missile could strike Anchorage, Alaska with a nuclear bomb. But they noted North Korea was advancing its skills.
Some questions remained unanswered, said Theodore A. Postol, one of the researchers. He is a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor emeritus of science, technology and national security and a former scientific adviser to the chief of naval operations.
Among the unknown issues: Could North Korea build a lightweight nuclear weapon that a rocket could carry as a payload; could a warhead survive the gravitational forces of a trip through space and the fiery re-entry through the atmosphere; and how accurately could the weapon strike, Postol said in an interview with this newspaper.
"I would basically say that they probably do not have a nuclear capability against the United States at this time," the rocket expert said. "I'm making what I think I could claim is a highly informed guess. But it is a guess and to be absolutely transparent, I have guessed wrong about these guys in the past."
In an email, he added it was "extremely unlikely" North Korea has built a miniaturized warhead. "However, to be absolutely transparent, nobody - including the US intelligence community — knows how far along North Korea has advanced in the miniaturization technology and ruggedizing of warheads," he wrote.
The United States has pushed to increase spending on anti-ballistic missile technology in the wake of North Korean tests.
The expansion of the Foreign Materials Exploitation labs bode well for NASIC's future at Wright-Patterson, Michael Gessel, Dayton Development Coalition vice president of federal programs in Washington, DC.
"In the foreseeable future, that work is soundly planted at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base," he said.
NASIC collaborates with MSIC, which analyzes ballistic missiles with a range under 1,000 kilometers and surface-to-air missiles, Larkin said.
"We know where the lines are drawn between our missions but together is where we do our best work to answer those key intelligence questions for our customers and help defend the nation," Larkin said.
Two high schools in the northwestern Jendouba Governorate also face scrutiny after students unveiled banners depicting Nazi and IS propaganda. The teens at one school waved the black IS flag next to pictures of militants and messages such as "We only obey God's power," and "Al Qods [Jersualem], here we come." Giant portraits of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates were also involved, though it's still unclear why. Students at the other high school adorned their celebratory banner with a huge drawing of Adolf Hitler making the Nazi salute next to a German flag.
Students at an all-girls high school in Kairouan, a city located about 100 miles south of the capital Tunis, put an image of sword-wielding IS executioner on their banner next to drawings of hostages in orange jumpsuits, some with slit throats. The banner also featured an illustration of a man being engulfed in flames, an apparent reference to the Jordanian fighter pilot who was burnt to death by IS in January 2015.
Every year in Tunisia, high school students across the country undergo "sports exams," a sort of rigorous gym class where they are tested on their knowledge and skills in a variety of athletic contests. The exams are followed by a celebration known as "Dakhla," which features huge football stadium-style banners handmade by the future graduates. The festivities are usually innocuous — except when the Islamic State (IS) and Hitler get involved.
Read more
Every year in Tunisia, high school students across the country undergo "sports exams," a sort of rigorous gym class where they are tested on their knowledge and skills in a variety of athletic contests. The exams are followed by a celebration known as "Dakhla," which features huge football stadium-style banners handmade by the future graduates. The festivities are usually innocuous — except when the Islamic State (IS) and Hitler get involved.
Students at an all-girls high school in Kairouan, a city located about 100 miles south of the capital Tunis, put an image of sword-wielding IS executioner on their banner next to drawings of hostages in orange jumpsuits, some with slit throats. The banner also featured an illustration of a man being engulfed in flames, an apparent reference to the Jordanian fighter pilot who was burnt to death by IS in January 2015.
Related: Islamic State claims responsibility for deadly Bardo Museum attack in Tunis
Two high schools in the northwestern Jendouba Governorate also face scrutiny after students unveiled banners depicting Nazi and IS propaganda. The teens at one school waved the black IS flag next to pictures of militants and messages such as "We only obey God's power," and "Al Qods [Jersualem], here we come." Giant portraits of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates were also involved, though it's still unclear why. Students at the other high school adorned their celebratory banner with a huge drawing of Adolf Hitler making the Nazi salute next to a German flag.
A government counter-terrorism unit has reportedly opened an investigation into the three incidents.
Related: Father of Tunis museum gunman: 'If I knew, I would have stopped him'
Hitler et Daesh 'invités d'honneur' de la fête dans un lycée tunisien... — Erwann Gaucher (@egaucher)April 24, 2015
Tunisian news site Business News responded by issuing a scathing critique of modern-day education in Tunisia, blaming the incidents on "ignorance" and claiming that the country's young people had been "left to their own devices" by an out-of-touch government. The authors said that instead of "mentoring" young people, the nation had "given up on them long ago."
Sathi Hannachi, the principal of a secondary school in Jendouba, agreed that the education system is to blame for a growing sense of disenfranchisement among Tunisian students. "The quality of education in Tunisia has been going downhill for years," Hannachi told VICE News. "Every year, students perform worse on tests."
The situation "goes back to Ben Ali," Hannachi said, adding that the 2010 revolution that toppled the country's longtime ruler "did not change anything" for Tunisia's young people, who today are faced with a crippling lack of prospects."
Tunisian sociologist Abdessatar Sahbani, head of the Tunisian Social Observatory under the Tunisian Forum for Economic and Social Rights, agreed that Tunisian students are being failed by an outdated educational system. "Ever since the '50s, very little thought has gone into education reform," Sahbani told VICE News. "The current education system is not adapted to the current context," he said, "which explains the high level of unemployment."
Hannachi explained that the controversial banners do not necessarily reflect an ideological commitment to IS or Nazi views, but rather are a form of provocative "release" in the face of dwindling prospects and marginalization within society. Students are "despairing," he said, and feel defeated by the country's high unemployment rates.
According to Sahbani, there are more than 300,000 unemployed Tunisian graduates, 60 percent of which are women. He said the banners embody a form of "protest, against the social, political, and schools system." The sociologist noted that young people were "the most active group during the revolution," but they were subsequently excluded from politics.
"We need a true education reform," Hannachi said, "one that involves all Tunisians."
Follow Matthieu Jublin on Twitter : @MatthieuJublin
From the music of Italian horror flicks and German expressionist films to popcorn scarefests and all-night movie-thons, these events will help you get your scare on.
While precious natural resources like land, water, and oil helped give our city life, for film fiends celluloid is the most sacred substance of all. And Los Angeles has loads of the stuff, original prints and rare reels that other cities never get to see. Craving sanguine splashes and ear-searing shrieks? L.A.'s indie theaters will sate your cinematic bloodlust throughout the month. This week, the Halloween celebration goes into overdrive as local haunts put screams on the big screen. We've cataloged the ton of macabre movie events but here are some choice cuts for this week:
Suspiria with Goblin
Monday-Wednesday, October 21-23, the Egyptian Theatre
Dario Argento's horror classic Suspiria screens at the Egyptian Theatre on Monday night after a performance by the Italian synth rockers who scored the soundtrack. The show marks the first time the four-decades-old band has played Los Angeles. The band returns for sets on Tuesday and Wednesday that preceed 35mm screening of classic Argento movies Deep Red and Tenebrae. The dates are currently sold out but with some clever Craigslisting or string-pulling you may be able to get in. This is unmissable but if you do miss it, you can listen to Goblin on full blast while you work.
Nosferatu
Tuesday, October 22, Cinefamily
Vampires today look more like dreamy pop singers than hideous monsters. While it's hard to say which is more terrifying, this 1922 flick exposed the legendary bloodsucker for who he was: a mangled, old man stealing the elixir of life. This gem of German expressionism was remade by Werner Herzog in 1979, who, incidentally, sounds like dracula from time to to time. Like the 1920 silent film The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, and, later, the Tom Waits, William S. Burroughs, and Robert Wilson theater collaboration, The Black Rider: The Casting of the Magic Bullets, this film is all shadows and jagged angles, adding Modernist flair to a Victorian tale. For the Cinefamly screening, the restored hi-def transfer will be accompanied by composer Hans Erdmann's score, which played alongside the original by F.W. Murnau in 1922.
Beetlejuice / Addams Family drink-along
Friday, October 25, Downtown Independent Theater
Boos and booze coalesce at a double feature of cult classics for the Hot Topic generation. Both films are responses to increased suburbanization and the explosion of commercial culture. Beetlejuice is really about the destruction of history, real estate development, and yuppie gentrification, likely based on Tim Burton's experiences growing up in Burbank. Both versions of The Addams Family (the original and the 1991 movie) address the culture clash of a strange, intergenerational family that moves into a homogenized community. The flicks are also hilarious and fun, especially if you take a drink any time Lydia or Wednesday looks annoyed.
Dusk ‘Til Dawn Horrorthon
Saturday, October 26, Aero Theater
Spend all night watching movies, freaking out and eating junk food, just like you did when you were a kid. For $20 you can stay all night, juicing up on free coffee from Peet's and energy drinks from Monster while snacking between contests and zany trailers. The lineup includes Amityville II: The Possession, Kingdom of the Spiders, The Fly, Hell High, The Car, and The Sentinel.
United States of Horror
Various dates, Cinefamily
Travel across the U.S. one terrifying state at a time. This series showcases an effed up film from various states in the nation–okay, mostly the South–with highlights including Evil Dead and the ridiculously great Chopping Mall featuring an appearance by director Jim Wynorski. Feel free to ask him why the killer robots shoot pink lasers.
Monday, Oct. 21st, midnight – MARYLAND: The Alien Factor
Tuesday, Oct. 22th, midnight – GEORGIA: Squirm
Wednesday, Oct. 23rd, 10PM – FLORIDA: Shakma + Shock Waves
Thursday, Oct. 24th, midnight – MISSISSIPPI: If Footmen Tire You, What Will Horses Do?
Saturday, Oct. 26th, midnight – TENNESSEE: The Evil Dead
Sunday, Oct. 27th, midnight – ARKANSAS: The Town That Dreaded Sundown
Monday, Oct. 28th, midnight – TEXAS: Eaten Alive
Tuesday, Oct. 29th, midnight – COLORADO: Endangered Species
Wednesday, Oct. 30th, midnight – NEW MEXICO: The Brotherhood of Satan
Thursday, Oct. 31st, midnight – SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA: Chopping Mall (director Jim Wynorski in person)
St. Patrick's Day is one of the most beloved American holidays—a day many celebrate by wearing as much green as possible, consuming green-dyed beverages and parading through the streets pretending to be Irish. But, more importantly, it's also an important holy day in Ireland and has been for centuries. For hundreds of years, the feast day of St. Patrick was considered a time of celebration in the country, and when more and more Irish immigrated to the U.S., they used St. Patrick's Day to celebrate their Irish heritage.
But St. Patrick is also an significant figure in church history, who Ireland owes much of its Christian heritage to.
Here are five things about St. Patrick's life you may not know:
He wasn't Irish. He was Scottish.
Born in 373 to Roman British parents in Scotland, Patrick was raised in a relatively wealthy Christian home. His father was either a politician or a high-ranking soldier, and his mother had clergy in her family line.
Around the time he was 16 years old, Patrick was kidnapped by Irish marauders and taken to Ireland—and that's where the trajectory of his life would be changed forever.
He was made a slave in Ireland.
Once St. Patrick was brought to Ireland, he was sold to a chieftain as a slave. He spent his days watching sheep, and for six years, he dreamed of going back home. However, it was this time in slavery that was essential to helping him reach the people of Ireland with the Gospel. During his captivity, he picked up the Druid language and learned many of the Druid customs.
One day, he fled from his captivity and made his way back home to Britain. He was finally in the warm embrace of his family and friends again—but not for long.
Patrick decided to devote himself to God, and soon became a priest. When the Church made a push to evangelize the Irish people, the bishop appointed Patrick to go. He knew he had to go back to the place he was enslaved in order to set the souls of men free and spread the good news of Christ. Patrick's dreams were filled with visions of the Irish people crying out to him to come back.
He wasn't the first Christian to evangelize Ireland.
Patrick is the patron saint of Ireland, but he wasn't the first missionary sent to the country. In earlier decades, the Roman church sent a missionary named Palladius to set up churches in Ireland, but he hadn't had much success.
Ireland was still largely under the pagan Druidic culture, so the churches were constantly under attack from the Druidic priests. Certain chieftains chased Palladius away from his mission.
When St. Patrick stepped foot in Ireland, he did not make the same mistake as Palladius. Instead, he tried to find a different route to win the people over. He set up another church in a quieter area and started to evangelize. He even went to see his old slave master and paid the ransom amount that a rescuer would have had to spend for him.
It was because of Patrick's knowledge of the cultural customs, his mastery of the language and his boldness that the Gospel soon spread throughout Ireland and he was able to establish churches all over the island.
He didn't chase any snakes out of Ireland.
There aren't any snakes in Ireland, but legend has it that St. Patrick chased them all out. That is more than likely a myth, but it carries a spiritual metaphor. Over the years, Patrick faced off against many powerful Druid leaders, but he won people over with his soft-spoken demeanor and love. He was also said to have healed many people and worked miracles in the name of God.
In a sense, Patrick chased the pagan forces out of Ireland by rapidly spreading the Gospel to the people. He converted many of the Druids, and he won favor with the kings in the area. People repented of their sins of slavery and idolatry and came to know the love of Christ. He preached Christ, baptized and converted people to Christianity until the day he died. Patrick finally passed on March 17, 461 in Saul, Ireland.
He used shamrocks to teach people about the trinity.
The shamrock has become a huge symbol in Ireland in large part because the plant is everywhere, but also because of its connection to St. Patrick. Patrick is reported to have used the shamrock as a way to explain the mystery of the Trinity to the Irish people. It was something the Druid people very easily picked up because three was considered a sacred number in the Druidic religion.
So, as you go about with your St. Patrick's Day celebration, think about the man who almost single-handedly spread the Gospel to an entire nation. St. Patrick is a model for us of humility, boldness in the face of adversity, forgiveness and bringing the Gospel to the world.
Rupert Murdoch took to Twitter to criticize the Koran on Sunday, in the aftermath of the Woolwich attack.
The media mogul said it was "unbelievable" that Prime Minister David Cameron went on vacation "with UK on terror alert." Then, he scoffed at those who said the country was not in a state of terror.
"Many UK tweeters say no terror," Murdoch tweeted. "Admirable, gutsy, but get real and go listen at some mosques. Admit most okay, but others really scary."
He went on to criticize the Koran, writing,
Get real. Koran says(1) "whoever killed a human being...it shall be regarded as having killed all mankind... — Rupert Murdoch (@rupertmurdoch) May 26, 2013
Koran(2) "except as punishment for murder or other villainy" then defined as "those who wage war against Allah" punishable by beheading. — Rupert Murdoch (@rupertmurdoch) May 26, 2013
Murdoch was reacting to the gruesome killing of Lee Rigby, a British soldier, on a London street last week. Two men are suspected of having killed Rigby with a knife and a meat cleaver. One of the alleged attackers was filmed on camera saying, "We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you."
"We must fight them as they fight us," the man had said. "An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth." The police investigation into the brutal attack is being led by the counterterrorism division of the Metropolitan police.
ERIC THAYER / Reuters A file photo of now-Rep. Kathleen Rice (N.Y.) in 2010. Rice says the Office of Personnel Management declined to respond to an inquiry unless she could get a Republican to co-sign it.
A major government agency refused to answer a Democratic legislator's routine inquiry unless she got a Republican to co-sign her request, the congresswoman told HuffPost.
Rep. Kathleen Rice (N.Y.) said she faced an unprecedented barrier when she asked the Office of Personnel Management about its training process and suggested changes that would help the agency recruit more cybersecurity workers. Janel Fitzhugh, OPM's legislative director, told Rice's legislative aide that she needed a Republican committee chairman to co-sign the letter in order to get a response.
It's extremely unusual for a routine inquiry initiated by members of Congress to face a political hurdle, said former Rep. Tom Davis (R-Va.), who reviewed Rice's letter. Davis served as chairman of the House Government Oversight Committee during his tenure in Congress.
“This is a vanilla letter,” Davis told HuffPost. “It's not controversial at all. These are entirely appropriate questions. Congress has the right to ask these question and have these questions answered. Particularly on homeland security, you would hope this would be the one issue that could rise above the partisan divide.”
This is a vanilla letter. ... Particularly on homeland security, you would hope this would be the one issue that could rise above the partisan divide. Former Rep. Tom Davis (R-Va.)
The apparent stonewalling is part of a troubling pattern. Democrats have expressed concern that President Donald Trump's administration is encouraging federal workers to withhold information from them, The Washington Post reported in April.
Although federal governmental agencies are under the executive branch, Congress is charged with providing oversight and members of Congress send thousands of letters of inquiry to federal agencies every week. Most of these inquiries are routine and answered in an expeditious manner.
Rice and two colleagues, Reps. Derek Kilmer (D-Wash.) and Josh Gottheimer (D-N.J.), sent their letter to the OPM on May 1. Eight days later, a legislative aide in Rice's office contacted Fitzhugh to check on the status of a response. Fitzhugh said the congresswoman's office wouldn't receive a response to the inquiry unless it was co-signed by a committee chairman. Given that the Republicans are in control of the House of Representatives, this meant that OPM was asking a Democrat to seek Republican approval before it would answer a simple inquiry.
Rice offered to get a top Democrat on the committee to also sign the letter, she said, but the OPM said that would not suffice.
Rice's aide asked Fitzhugh where the edict to require a committee chairman signature was coming from. She replied that Jason Simmons, the OPM chief of staff, had passed down the order.
“This is not OPM's policy,” an agency spokesperson told HuffPost. “OPM has recently been engaged in conversations with Congressional staff and OPM will acknowledge their requests with written communication.”
Gary Cameron / Reuters The U.S. Office of Personnel Management building in Washington, D.C.
Before Simmons was appointed as OPM's chief of staff, he was the Trump campaign's North Carolina state director and the intergovernmental director for former North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R). Placing a political staffer who has no federal government experience in charge of the office that manages civil service employees is quite unusual. The last two OPM chiefs of staff, Elizabeth Montoya and Kiran Ahuja, came to the role with extensive federal government experience.
Simmons' appointment isn't unusual in this administration, however. In March, ProPublica listed him as a member of the 520-person Trump White House “beachhead team.” Members of the beachhead team are intended to serve as the eyes and ears (or “spies,” as one congressional staffer put it) for an administration that is increasingly convinced that career federal government employees are trying to undermine the White House.
Neither Fitzhugh nor Simmons responded to a request for comment.
When told of Simmons' previous experience, Davis said he was surprised that someone with no federal government experience was serving in a critical role that deals with the intricacies of the federal bureaucracy.
Although the language of Rice's letter was routine, she says the topic ― cybersecurity at the OPM ― is critical. OPM essentially serves as the human resources department for all federal employees that quality for civil service status, which adds up to about 2 million people. Chinese hackers were reportedly behind a massive security breach at the agency in 2015. Over 21 million records were stolen, including highly sensitive security clearance forms, military records and millions of fingerprints. The breach led to multiple investigations, and Katherine L. Archuleta, who was serving as director of the OMB at the time, resigned under pressure.
The letter that Rice and her colleagues sent asked OPM to detail its overall training and testing policies, as well as its education requirements for cybersecurity jobs. Government agencies have a difficult time recruiting top cybersecurity talent because the compensation and benefits provided by the federal government often pale in comparison to what is offered by tech companies. Removing the requirement of a four-year degree, the representatives said, would allow for more successful recruitment.
Rice still hasn't received a response to the letter of inquiry.
SAN DIEGO -- Five male staff sergeants at Camp Pendleton face dismissal from the Marine Corps after being convicted of fraternization with a female lance corporal, Marine officials said Monday.
After a court-martial, one of the five received a bad conduct discharge. Another pleaded guilty to fraternization and adultery and waived his right to an administrative hearing to avoid being dismissed.
Three others were convicted of fraternization at court-martial and were recommended for administrative separation from the Marine Corps for "commission of a serious offense." Those three have the right to a hearing before an administrative separation board consisting of officers and non-commissioned officers.
All five of the staff sergeants fraternized with the lance corporal over a period of months. Four of the five are married; at court-martial, three of those were found not guilty of adultery, the fourth pleaded guilty to the charge.
Bordeaux -
Es ist eine der Geschichten, an die man sich wahrscheinlich sein Leben lang erinnern wird.
Eine Gruppe junger und vor allem betrunkener Franzosen sind nach einem Disco-Besuch auf dem Weg nach Hause. Sie kommen an einem Platz vorbei, auf dem ein Zirkus seine Zelte aufgeschlagen hat.
Dort, angebunden in einem Gehege, steht Serge, das Lama. Völlig angetan von der unverhofften Begegnung mit dem exotischen Paarhufer hat die feierlaunige Truppe eine Idee. Kurzerhand legen sie Serge dem Lama einen Strick um den Hals und führen es aus dem Gehege.
Nachdem sie ein wenig durch Bordeaux gewandert sind, steigt die Gruppe - samt Lama - an der Haltestelle Bassins à Flot in die Straßenbahn.
Der Fahrer der Bahn versteht jedoch nicht so viel Spaß und verständigt die Betreibergesellschaft, die das Tier wieder aus der Bahn locken soll. In der Zwischenzeit knipsen verdutzte Mitreisende den kuriosen Anblick des Paarhufers und Serge, das Bahn fahrende Lama, verbreitet sich schnurstracks über Twitter und Facebook.
Während der ganzen Aufregung mit der Betreibergesellschaft schaffen es die Lama-Entführer schließlich, sich klammheimlich aus dem Staub zu machen.
Kurz darauf können sie jedoch gefasst werden und müssen sich nun auf ein Verfahren einstellen. Serge wurde wieder dem Zirkus übergeben.
Teaching your new pooch where to go potty is easier than you might think. Follow these six simple steps to successful housetraining.
It doesn't matter whether you're adopting a puppy or an untrained adult dog. As soon as you bring him home, one of the first things you need to do is teach him not to do his business on the floor. For many people, housetraining a dog or puppy can be a daunting prospect, but it doesn't have to be. Here are six suggestions to help ensure your pooch learns to go potty in the right place.
1. Pick a location
As with real estate, the first decision to make when housetraining a dog is location, location, location.
Start by picking a particular spot in your yard (a place that's easily accessible for both you and the dog, but away from human traffic).
When taking him outside to do his business, use the same door to go in and out by. Eileen Proctor, dog trainer and pet lifestyle expert, says using the same door lets the dog know that he's going on a potty break.
Don't send him outside by himself. Go with him and take him to the approved area. After all, you don't want him going in your veggie garden or on your patio.
Going for short walks along a familiar route will also encourage your pup to eliminate – just make sure you clean up any solid waste he leaves behind. “Short leash walks not only help with nice leash manners, but the dog will potty multiple times during a walk instead of just going once and returning to the house,” says dog trainer Amy Robinson.
2. Follow a routine
“Get a routine set in stone for the first few weeks,” says Kathryn Smith, who shares her life with several Scotties. “The best investment is a kitchen timer or alarm clock. In the morning, get out of bed, and do not stop at the bathroom, do not brush your teeth, do not turn on the coffee – take the dog out first!”
Make sure the whole family knows the routine. “Use the same cue word each time the dog goes out,” says Eileen. “Everybody has to follow the same script or the dog will be confused and training will take longer.”
3. Praise – never punish
“When he goes (in the right spot), praise him like he's just won the Pulitzer Prize,” says Eileen. “Always reinforce appropriate behavior and ignore unwanted behavior.”
If your pooch has an accident in the house, never rub his nose in it. He won't understand what he did wrong and may learn to hide his mistakes rather than ask to go outside. For all accidents, use a cleaner that will penetrate tiny cracks in wood flooring or go all the way to the carpet pad. Never use ammonia; urine and ammonia smell alike to a puppy and he'll see it as a big red target that says, “Go here!”
“For poop mistakes, one trick is to relocate the mistake, or as I call it, tamper with the evidence,” says Eileen. “Take it outside and put it in the designated area. It will clue the dog in to realize, ‘Oh yeah, I went here before' so he'll do it again – where he should.”
4. Monitor access to food and water
“Don't free feed your dog or give him unlimited access to water,” adds Eileen. “Put your dog on a feeding routine. Regulate the time and quantity of food and water, and that regulates potty breaks. Take up the water bowl a couple of hours before bedtime.” During the housetraining process, a small quantity of water offered frequently is a better idea than a big bowlful. It will keep your dog from getting into the habit of 3am potty breaks.
5. Keep him close
During the housetraining process, keep your pup or dog close by, either with a short leash or by keeping him confined to one area. A crate can be handy for this, as long as he isn't spending all his time in it. “Two weeks of crate time and leash walking helped housetrain Shadow,” says Cindy Bryan of her year-old rescue dog. “I also made a huge deal of praising him. He had a few accidents at first but now will go to the back door and squeak if he has to go.”
6. Know the signs
What are the signs that your pup or dog needs to go out? “Look for a pause in play, a sit, sniffing or a thoughtful look,” says Amy. If he starts wandering distractedly around and sniffing the floor as if he's looking for something, it's time to take him out.
“Housetraining a puppy takes the vigilance of a Navy Seal,” says Amy. “I liken it to potty training a naked toddler. One moment of inattention and the puppy has found a spot to take care of his business. Take comfort in the fact that puppies housetrain faster than toddlers potty train!”
Housetraining is likely the first training experience you will have with your new pup. Make it as pleasant as possible so he'll look forward to learning more things with you. Know that dogs are eager to please, and that once he's learned his manners, the rewards of sharing your life with a dog really begin!
ICONOMI presents the token issuance process
Jani Valjavec Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 20, 2016
Hours after the Ethereum network stabilised, ICONOMI successfully deployed the special test contract and test coins to demonstrate the ICN apptoken issuance process that will follow next week.
We are happy to report that the Ethereum network returned to normal operation after the hard fork. Since transactions started to be picked up into the blockchain again we were finally able to launch the special test contract that has assigned test tokens (t-ICN) to everyone who provided their ETH addresses on the ICO site before 18 October at 5.00 p.m. UTC.
The purpose of the test contract is to get you familiar with our token issuance process. It consists of two phases; phase 1: token issuance (you will see t-ICN tokens assigned to provided ETH address), phase 2: token unlocking (you will be able to send t-ICN tokens from your wallets).
The ICONOMI test token is a tool to help you verify that your private key works. You should check whether you can access tokens assigned to your address. t-ICN are not related to real ICN tokens, spending them will not affect your ICN balance. Furthermore, t-ICN tokens will self-destruct with the launch of the real ICN tokens.
If you are keeping the ICN tokens in ico.iconomi.net's wallet, you do not need to do anything.
Managing test tokens
You have received 1.x t-ICN, where x represents the decimals of your real ICN balance. You can check your t-ICN token balance here:https://etherscan.io/token/0x384e762dAd922B22a0d06f4D1229582473D2DEe6; just enter your ETH address in the Filter By Address box (the same one you have entered in the ICO site).
You can control your t-ICN tokens with any ETH wallet that supports ERC-20 apptokens. To display them properly, you will have to enter the test contract's address (0x384e762dAd922B22a0d06f4D1229582473D2DEe6). Please read our instructions on how to do that in the official Ethereum Wallet and MyEtherWallet.
In order to provide everyone with an equal chance of accessing the tokens, the contract will keep them locked until a certain time. The test contract unlocked t-ICN tokens at block height 2.473.590, allowing you to send and receive t-ICN tokens.
Before the real thing
Monday, 24 October 2016 at 6.00 a.m. UTC is the deadline to change your withdrawal settings on the ICONOMI ICO website. If you do not wish to keep ICN tokens in the ICONOMI ICO wallet, it is your responsibility to enter a valid ETH address for which you hold the private key before this deadline. If ICN tokens get assigned to the wrong address or an address for which you do not hold the private key, then they are lost forever. There is no undo! Alternatively, you can login into your ICONOMI ICO account and remove your withdrawal address!
After the deadline, the real ICN contract will be deployed, and real ICN tokens will be assigned to your addresses. ICN tokens will, however, remain locked. On Monday, 24 October 2016 at aronud 1 p.m. UTC we will announce the block height (and approximate time) at which the ICN contract will unlock the ICN tokens. We are targeting the next day, Tuesday 25 October 2016.
With the unlocking of the ICN tokens we will simultaneously enable withdrawals of custom amounts of ICN tokens from the ICONOMI ICO website.
I designed 3 different stamp patterns for this experiment:
-A geometric stamp that I thought would look good stamped in a grid
-A stamp loosely based on a circuit board for more random pattern creation
-A faceted stamp that would create a simple interesting texture
I created the first two by finding images I liked, importing them into Fusion as canvases and sketching over them. I then extruded these sketches to a height of about 2-3mm and added details. In my first iteration, I left the top surfaces of the stamps fairly flat, but I found that chamfering the edges so they came to more of a point at the top helped the pattern have better definition when stamped.
I created the faceted stamp by making simple pyramid shapes in Fusion and putting them together. My first version of this stamp had too much relief, so that when it was stamped, only the very tips of the pyramids made imprints in the leather. I fixed this by playing with the scale in the Z axis.
By varying the depth of features in your stamps, you can create some difference in line weight, relief and shading, but this will only work within a very small range of about 2mm or less.
I also kept my stamps between about 2 and 3 centimeters across and printed some in different scales to see what looked good. I think you could potentially go bigger, but eventually you won't be able to exert enough pressure with a hammer to make a good impression with a large stamp.
To finish my stamps, I gave them each a solid base about 5mm thick. I cropped the profile of the bases roughly around the shape of my designs to make it easy to see when you are stamping and line up your stamps. I also cut out a socket on the underside of each stamp. I made this socket the diameter of my aluminum rods and about 2mm deep. This will help hold the rods in place on the stamps.
Plebs is a British television series broadcast on ITV2.[1] It was first broadcast in March 2013, and is produced by Tom Basden, Caroline Leddy, Sam Leifer and Teddy Leifer. It stars Tom Rosenthal, Jonathan Pointing (from series 4) and Ryan Sampson, who play young residents of ancient Rome. Joel Fry played 'Stylax' in series 1–3. The format has been compared to The Inbetweeners, Up Pompeii and Blackadder.[2] The first series, comprising six episodes, was broadcast between 25 March and 22 April 2013. Three subsequent series of eight episodes each were broadcast between 22 September and 3 November 2014, between 4 April and 16 May 2016, and between 9 April and 21 May 2018. A fifth series has been commissioned to air sometime in 2019 with Rosenthal, Sampson and Pointing all expected to return.[3]
The show makes comical use of anachronistically modern parlance and concepts in a historical setting and uses predominantly ska/rocksteady music during all the opening and closing titles and during each episode as background music.
Premise [ edit ]
The show initially follows Marcus, Stylax, and their slave Grumio, as they deal with daily life in Ancient Rome. Marcus and Stylax work in the scriptorium of a grain company with their manager, Flavia, the water-carrier Aurelius, and communications officer Claudius. They live next door to two Britons: Cynthia, an aspiring actress, and her slave Metella. Series 3 replaces Cynthia and Metella with a woman from Gaul called Delphine who begins a troubled relationship with Marcus.
The fourth series replaces Stylax (who was killed in the opening scene of the first episode) with a new character, Jason, played by Jonathan Pointing and gives Aurelius a leading role. The four endeavour to run a bar in a renovated public toilet.
Cast [ edit ]
Only main and recurring characters are listed.
Production [ edit ]
Plebs are filmed at Nu Boyana Film Studios, Sofia, Bulgaria, as were 300:Rise of an Empire, The Expendables and The Hitman's Bodyguard.
Series overview [ edit ]
Series Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired 1 6 25 March 2013 ( ) 22 April 2013 ( 2013-04-22 ) 2 8 22 September 2014 ( ) 3 November 2014 ( 2014-11-03 ) 3 8 4 April 2016 ( ) 16 May 2016 ( 2016-05-16 ) 4 8 9 April 2018 ( ) 21 May 2018 ( 2018-05-21 ) 5 TBC 2019 ( ) 2019 ( 2019 )
Episodes [ edit ]
Series 1 (2013) [ edit ]
No.
overall No. in
series Title Directed by Written by Original air date UK viewers
(millions) [4] 1 1 "The Orgy" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 25 March 2013 ( ) 1.16 Marcus and Stylax are pleased when two attractive young women, Cynthia (a would-be actress) and her slave Metella, move into the apartment next door. Marcus offers to show Cynthia around the city, but his attempts to form a relationship with her are ruined when he tries to invite her to an orgy. Meanwhile, Stylax arranges to attend the party with their boss, Flavia, but discovers that he is part of the entertainment. 2 2 "The Gladiator" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 25 March 2013 ( ) 0.94 Cynthia's charming new gladiator boyfriend Cassius (Danny Dyer) impresses everyone except jealous Marcus, who arranges with their sleazy landlord to have him put up against a formidable opponent in his next bout. In the meantime, Cynthia breaks with Cassius when she finds out what he really does for a living, but Marcus is unable to call off the fight. However, a devastated Cassius is not in the right frame of mind for the occasion. 3 3 "The Erotic Vase" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 1 April 2013 ( ) 0.80 It's Grumio's birthday and he receives an erotic vase featuring a girl that the boys think looks like Cynthia at a certain angle. Marcus, under pressure from the girls to be nicer to his slave, suggests they swap roles for the day. Grumio takes full advantage of the situation by blackmailing Marcus, threatening to tell Cynthia about the vase. Meanwhile, Stylax hangs out with his cousin Lucretia (Naomi Bentley), with whom he has an unusually close relationship. Marcus and his other friends consider this to be incest, and he is forced to break it off with her. 4 4 "The Herpes Cat" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 8 April 2013 ( ) 0.69 To endear himself to Cynthia, Marcus befriends a mangy cat she's rescued from the courtyard, but the cat is accidentally killed. Stylax is suffering from a disturbing itch and visits a sexual health clinic where he falls for an attractive nurse. Flavia recommends an ointment for his condition. Meanwhile Grumio buys a lottery ticket from the landlord. 5 5 "Bananae" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 15 April 2013 ( ) Under 0.59 Mass immigration from Thrace puts the boys into contact with a sexy Thracian lodger Irina and a dazzling yellow exotic fruit, the banana (plural, "bananae"). Meanwhile, Marcus has an unfortunate encounter with an aggressive elderly war veteran (played by Brian Murphy) who is collecting for charity. Irina, far from being the useful addition to the household that Stylax anticipates, has brought along her husband, and yet more Thracian couples turn up, overcrowding the apartment. The bananae catch on and become a craze with Marcus' fellow-workers. When Marcus is approached again by the veteran, he fights back and injures him, and has to avoid the veteran's friends who are looking for revenge. Grumio points the old soldiers in the direction of Irina's husband. The Thracians flee Rome, leaving behind a pineapple. 6 6 "Saturnalia" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 22 April 2013 ( ) Under 0.66 It is the festival of Saturnalia and the celebration on the stroke of midnight is the perfect opportunity for Marcus to make a move on Cynthia, but she thinks she is cursed and doesn't feel like coming out. They think they have struck lucky when Flavia invites them to her party along with Aurelius the water carrier, until all three discover that they are expected to wait on the real guests; to escape in time for the public festivities, they rig the water clock so that Flavia thinks it is already midnight. Meanwhile, Grumio goes on a mission to make sure that sacrificial meat doesn't go to waste. Befriended by a priest, he thinks his luck is in until he discovers he is being taken to Cyprus for castration.
Series 2 (2014) [ edit ]
Series 2 began on ITV2 on Monday 22 September 2014 at 10 pm with a series-opener double bill. Rosenthal's father Jim Rosenthal appeared in the first episode as a commentator on a chariot race.[citation needed]
No.
overall No. in
series Title Directed by Written by Original air date UK viewers
(millions) [4] 7 1 "The Chariot" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 22 September 2014 ( ) 1.09 Having won 100 denarii each through Stylax's betting on a chariot race, he and Marcus have very different ideas on how to spend the money. Marcus, naturally, wants to spend it on Cynthia, whilst Stylax prefers a more laddish approach. After being rejected for a date with Cynthia, Marcus asks the next-door neighbour out. 8 2 "The Best Men" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 22 September 2014 ( ) 0.87 Surprisingly, Aurelius is getting married. Even more surprisingly, he invites his "best mate" Marcus to be his best man. Reluctant to say the least, Marcus plans a night on the cheap, avoiding the hottest club in town. 9 3 "The Baby" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 29 September 2014 ( ) 0.78 Grumio finds an abandoned baby at the bins, which he decides to parent and starts to develop affection towards her despite Marcus wanting her out of the house. Stylax uses it to get closer to a young wet nurse. Marcus doesn't want to see Cynthia's one-woman play. 10 4 "The Patron" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 6 October 2014 ( ) 0.74 Marcus is unwilling to pay for the medicine that Grumio needs, as he uses his slave's sickness to get closer to Cynthia. A nobleman (James Fleet) shows an interest in Stylax's charioteering career, but seems too good to be true. 11 5 "The New Slave" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 13 October 2014 ( ) 0.84 At an auction, Marcus and Stylax purchase a new slave (Tim Key) who might be a psychopath. 12 6 "The Candidate" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 20 October 2014 ( ) 0.57 Marcus and Stylax get involved in the campaign of Victor of the Gracchi (Simon Callow), a local politician; Grumio takes up with Victor's opponent 13 7 "The Phallus" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 27 October 2014 ( ) 0.77 The boys bump into a former schoolmate, Fabianus, who is now a lawyer. Stylax fails to connect with an old flame, Cordelia. 14 8 "The Race" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 3 November 2014 ( ) 0.94 Marcus and Stylax need to raise 3,000 denarii to keep the girls from being deported. Grumio discovers that the landlord is in prison
Series 3 (2016) [ edit ]
Series 3 began on ITV2 on Monday 4 April 2016 at 10 pm, with the broadcast of "The Beasts" and "Justin Junior".
No.
overall No. in
series Title Directed by Written by Original air date UK viewers
(millions) [4] 15 1 "The Beasts" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 4 April 2016 ( ) 1.06 The Games are taking place in the city and the boys are desperate for tickets. Marcus meets Delphine (Bella Dayne), a fiery activist from Gaul who is later revealed to have an interesting past, while Grumio clashes with Landlady (Maureen Lipman), the mother of their missing landlord. 16 2 "Justin Junior" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 4 April 2016 ( ) 1.04 Grumio's estranged father returns, prompting a father-son reconciliation. 17 3 "The Vestal" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 11 April 2016 ( ) 1.07 Marcus' parents are staying with the boys, prompting Marcus to attempt to hide Delphine from them. Stylax becomes obsessed with a Vestal Virgin. Grumio begins a business endeavour. 18 4 "The Cupid" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 18 April 2016 ( ) 1.11 After being accused of being uncultured by Delphine, the boys take their first steps into the theatre where Grumio wins the role of Cupid. 19 5 "The Crime Wave" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 25 April 2016 ( ) 0.91 Marcus, Stylax and Delphine take a self-defence course; Grumio begins dating a cake maker. 20 6 "Jugball" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 2 May 2016 ( ) 1.03 The son of the owner of the office where Marcus and Stylax work visits on work experience; before long Flavia is fired and Marcus finds himself in charge. Stylax invents a new ball game. 21 7 "The New Master" Sam Leifer Matt Morgan 9 May 2016 ( ) 1.15 Grumio is sent to work for another master after injuring his slave, where he then prompts a rebellion. Marcus wants Stylax and Delphine to get on better and gets more than he bargained for. 22 8 "The Weatherist"[5] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 16 May 2016 ( ) 1.10 When a Weatherist moves in next door and predicts an earthquake, Marcus and Stylax use the opportunity to improve their love lives. Grumio also plans to take advantage of the impending quake when he is denied a dish of curry.
Series 4 (2018) [ edit ]
Series 4 began filming in September 2017.[6][7] The first two episodes aired on 9 April 2018 on ITV2.[8]
No.
overall No. in
series Title Directed by Written by Original air date UK viewers
(millions) [4] 23 1 "The Accident" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 9 April 2018 ( ) 1.19 Stylax is crushed by a slab and unemployed Marcus tries to blackmail builder Crassus for compensation, but ends up serving his evictions. Aurelius moves in as flatmate while Grumio and ladies' man Jason is in the doghouse. They later burgle Crassus's home for valuable art. 24 2 "The Critic" Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 9 April 2018 ( ) 1.06 Marcus spends his savings to open the Crown and Toga pub, and agrees to Grumio's avant-garde menu to appease food critic Athena. They later forge an unprecedented review and enjoy brief popularity. Meanwhile, Jason tries to connect with the waitresses he hires. 25 3 "The Marathon"[9] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 16 April 2018 ( ) 1.20 Aurelius is running in a charity marathon and Jason sabotages him to win a bet. Grumio is mistaken for being mentally disadvantaged and Marcus tries to scam money through a charitable foundation, but Grumio soon takes advantage. 26 4 "The Satirist"[10] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 23 April 2018 ( ) 0.98 Marcus begins a relationship with stand-up comedian Minerva but becomes insecure when she reflects on their relationship at pub shows. Jason, Aurelius and Grumio start a house band. 27 5 "Lupercalia"[11] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 30 April 2018 ( ) 0.92 Marcus receives mixed signals when Gloria asks him out for dinner on Lupercalia. Jason tries to break up couples for rebound sex, while Grumio accidentally swallows a customer's engagement ring. 28 6 "The Bath House"[12] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 7 May 2018 ( ) 0.90 The lads extend a "free session" at a bath house for access to great food, a yoga instructor, and business investors. 29 7 "The Accountant"[13] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 14 May 2018 ( ) N/A Threatened with liquidation for the bar's tax debt, Marcus woos a Jewess to do their accounting. Jason takes a barber's tab in hair styling. And Grumio attempts to end their money troubles through snail racing. 30 8 "Beer"[14] Sam Leifer & Tom Basden 21 May 2018 ( ) N/A Crown and Toga lose business to a Germanian pub, and try to steal their recipe for beer. Meanwhile, Marcus runs afoul of an incompetent fire brigade.
Series 5 (2019) [ edit ]
A fifth series was announced on 24 August 2018 where ITV2 will air the show sometime in 2019.[15]
DVD releases [ edit ]
Name Region 2 Discs Series One 29 April 2013[16] 1 Series Two 5 January 2015[17] 1 Series Three 18 July 2016[18] 1 Series Four 4 June 2018[19] 1
International broadcast [ edit ]
Plebs premiered in Australia on 8 January 2015 on ABC2.[20]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The PM has warned Europe to be 'open-eyed' to the threat of Vladimir Putin
Theresa May has warned European leaders to remain "open-eyed" to the threat of "hostile" Russia as she accused Moscow of attempting to destabilise the continent.
Arriving in Brussels for an EU summit focused on the bloc's partnership with eastern European countries, the Prime Minister offered a stark assessment of Russian President Vladimir Putin's actions.
Speaking ahead of the Eastern Partnership summit, Mrs May said: "The summit here today is all about taking stock and about looking ahead to see how we can tackle the shared challenges together, both in security and development.
"We must be open-eyed about the actions of hostile states like Russia who threaten the potential growth of the Eastern Neighbourhood and who try to tear our collective strength apart.
"I'm looking forward today to renewed commitments from European countries to working together to tackle these shared challenges in both security and development."
PM: We must be 'open-eyed' about Russia
She added: "I'm also here to say again that the UK is unconditionally committed to continuing to play our leading role in maintaining Europe's security.
"We may be leaving the EU, we're not leaving Europe."
The Prime Minister will use the EU summit, which will also be attended by the leaders of Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Belarus, to reaffirm Britain's support to eastern Europe.
She will highlight the UK's £50m spend to support reform and security in the region via projects such as tax reform in Moldova and de-mining in Ukraine; as well as pointing to Britain's pledge of £100m over five years to counter disinformation in the EU's neighbouring countries.
It is Mrs May's second warning to Russia in the space of two weeks after the Prime Minister used a speech at the Lord Mayor's Banquet in London earlier this month to accuse Moscow of seeking to "weaponise information".
She highlighted Moscow's recent hacking activities and Kremlin-operated "fake news" initiatives as "an attempt to sow discord in the West".
After the summit, the Prime Minister will hold talks with European Council President Donald Tusk as she continues to try and persuade EU bosses to progress Brexit talks on to discussions about future trade.
Refocused: Cincinnati Bengals 31, Cleveland Browns 7
By PFF Analysis Team • Oct 1, 2017
This one was all Cincinnati, as the Bengals dominated from the opening whistle. QB Andy Dalton threw three first half touchdowns, one each to to WR A.J. Green, TE Tyler Kroft and HB Giovani Bernard. Cincinnati entered halftime with a 21-0 lead over their cross-state rival.
The second half was more of the same as the Bengals would get another Kroft touchdown and a field goal before a late touchdown from the Browns kept them from being shutout. Cincinnati cruised to an easy 31-7 victory and with that, we give you our PFF exclusive takeaways from the contest for each team.
Top 5 Grades:
QB Andy Dalton, 88.7 overall grade
S George Iloka, 84.3 overall grade
TE Tyler Kroft, 82.7 overall grade
DT Geno Atkins, 82.0 overall grade
CB Darqueze Dennard, 81.3 overall grade
Performances of Note:
QB Andy Dalton, 88.7 overall grade
This is the Andy Dalton the Bengals needed to start the season. Dalton was quick (1.95-second average time before attempt) and precise, missing his target only three times all day long. It's not a stretch to think Cincinnati would be 4-0 if this guy showed up every week.
TE Tyler Kroft, 82.7 overall grade
Kroft did a spot on Tyler Eifert impersonation all day Sunday. He caught all six of his targets for 68 yards and two touchdowns.
CB Darqueze Dennard, 81.3 overall grade
Dennard quietly had his second nice game in a row. He was targeted five times in coverage and only allowed two catches for nine yards. Dennard's six coverage stops over the past two weeks are the most of any corner in the league.
CB William Jackson, 39.6 overall grade
After a breakout game against Green Bay, Jackson came back down to Earth a bit versus Cleveland. He made multiple nice plays with two pass breakups to his name, but also gave up a big 26-yard first down conversion and commited two interference penalties.
Top 5 Grades:
RT Shon Coleman, 86.3 overall grade
CB Jamar Taylor, 84.3 overall grade
DE Emmanuel Ogbah, 83.6 overall grade
CB Briean Boddy-Calhoun, 80.5 overall grade
DT Larry Ogunjobi, 79.6 overall grade
Performances of Note:
QB DeShone Kizer, 71.1 overall grade
The numbers look worse than the grade once again because of five drops from his receivers (one of which resulted in a pick). But at the same time the grade isn't quite indicative of Kizer's struggles to move the offense because of how often he refused teo pull the trigger. 26 of Kizer's 39 dropbacks took 2.6 seconds or more and on those passes he was only 8-of-23.
RT Shon Coleman, 86.3 overall grade
Coleman handled himself well against Carlos Dunlap in pass protection, yielding only three hurries on 51 pass blocking snaps. It was the highest graded game of Coleman's young career.
DE Emmanuel Ogbah, 83.6 overall grade
Sunday was a career-day for Ogbah overall. He had a sack and a hurry as a pass rusher, and three stops in run defense. He also forced two fumbles for an all-around superb day.
CB Jamar Taylor, 84.3 overall grade
It seems like the only player in the Browns secondary who didn't get exposed at one point or another on Sunday was Taylor. In 34 coverage snaps, he was targeted once and he broke that pass up.
PFF Game Ball: Andy Dalton, QB
*Grades are subject to change upon review
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - At least 13 workers were wounded by rubber bullets or machetes in fighting at a mine in South Africa on Monday in the first major mine violence this year after deadly strife in the sector in 2012.
Police said the bloodshed at the Anglo American Platinum mine was provoked by a dispute between the established National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) and the growing Association for Mineworkers and Construction Union (AMCU) over access to a mine office.
The membership turf war between the rival unions has rocked the country, which has the world's largest known reserves of platinum. It has dented investor confidence and slowed growth as production has fallen.
Police said the violence started when four likely NUM workers on special leave tried to occupy the union office at the mine in the Rustenburg region, about 120 km (70 miles) northwest of Johannesburg. About 1,000 suspected AMCU workers gathered to force them out.
“The alleged NUM members survived by running for their lives,” police spokesman Thulani Ngubane said in a statement.
The mine's security guards used rubber bullets to disperse the rival union members. The 13 have been admitted to hospital and there were no fatalities, police said.
Anglo American Platinum, or Amplats, the world's largest platinum producer, said: “A total of nine employees were injured when rubber bullets were fired by Anglo American Platinum security personnel.”
TROUBLED MINES
More than 50 people were killed in labor strife last year, including 34 shot dead by police at Lonmin's Marikana mine in August - the deadliest single security incident in South Africa since apartheid ended in 1994.
South Africa's ruling African National Congress has tried to reassure investors the strife is not undermining Africa's largest economy, which had its sovereign credit rating downgraded by Fitch last month due in part to the labor problems.
Amplats this month reported its first-ever annual loss, battered by six weeks of violent strikes last year, soaring costs and flagging platinum prices.
The company, which is 80 percent owned by mining giant Anglo American, has announced a drastic cost-cutting plan that risks sparking more labor unrest.
Amplats plans to cut 14,000 jobs, mothball two South African mines and sell another to right its ailing business.
While a turnaround at Amplats is critical for the fortunes of its underperforming parent, unions have promised to fight any cutbacks.
Amplats is the third worst-performing stock on Johannesburg's benchmark Top-40 index over the last 12 months, down nearly 21 percent.
Its shares closed down nearly 5 percent on Monday in trading in Johannesburg.
Older graffities in Rattlesnake Canyon | Photo: Courtesy National Park Servic
Two months to the day after a spate of vandalism promoted officials to close the popular Barker Dam area in Joshua Tree National Park, a new rash of graffiti has prompted the closing of yet another popular day use area, this time at Rattlesnake Canyon near the Indian Cove campground.
Photo: Courtesy National Park Service
The canyon, which runs uphill into the Wonderland of Rocks area from the Indian Cove facility, will be closed effective immediately for assessment and restoration until at least the end of April, at which point the Park Service will decide whether the canyon can be reopened.
Rattlesnake Canyon's closure will seriously cramp the style of canyoneering visitors, who use the rugged, non-technical climb through the ravine as a connecting route between Indian Cove and Willow Hole. Known for its water-polished slot canyons and waterfalls, the canyon is a favorite destination among Southern California boulderers.
According to a Park Service press release, vandalism in the canyon has increased markedly since January, to the point where the problem has overwhelmed management resources:
The continued malicious desecration of the national park has now impacted archeological sites. Limits to fiscal and personnel resources restrict the immediate remediation of the area. Therefore to prevent continued damage to scenic, natural, and cultural resources, the entire day use area of Rattlesnake Canyon from the day use closure gate to the top of the canyon is closed to public entry.
So now two popular spots in Joshua Tree are closed due to some people who have inexplicable urges to deface beautiful wild places. This is why we can't have nice things.
Say hello: "Like" SoCal Wanderer on Facebook and follow @SoCal_Wanderer on Twitter.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Chairman said his party might reconsider the timing of the Raiwind march, if tensions between Pakistan and India increased. Khan is scheduled to lead a protest on Sept 30 in the residential estate of the ruling Sharif family.
“We will stand by our armed forces and the nation, if tensions with India escalate,” Imran said during an interaction with senior journalists at a hotel in Karachi. In the same vein, however, he said he didn't think India could go beyond sabre-rattling.
Imran said India was using Uri attack to divert international attention away from its human rights abuses in the disputed Kashmir state. He was particularly critical of the Indian media which, he said, was stirring up war hysteria in the region with its irresponsible reporting and skewed analyses.
The PTI is scheduled to lead a march to Raiwind, where the residences of the Sharif family are located, to pressurise the PML-N government to launch an inquiry into the Panama Leaks scandal. “It will be a historic march. We are expecting a huge turnout on September 30,” Khan said, but he would not say if they would stage a dharna or wind up the protest that day.
What if the Raiwind protest fails to bring the government on its knees? “I'll announce the next step on Friday,” Imran said.
PML-N workers have raised a force, called Janesaraan-e-Nawaz Sharif, to deter PTI supporters from marching to Raiwind. Footages of baton-wielding members of the force were aired on some private television channels. “It's our constitutional right to protest,” Khan said, citing at least three articles of the 1973 Constitution.
Imran said the Supreme Court and the Election Commission of Pakistan would be taking up two cases next week and the Raiwind march would send a message to the two institutions that people wanted accountability of the Sharif family for looting nation's wealth.
In its Sept 21 meeting of the Public Accounts Committee, heads of key state institutions, like FBR, SECP, SBP, NAB and FIA, reportedly expressed their helplessness to investigate the Panamagate.
Wouldn't street agitation lead to derailment of democracy in the country? “I'm not asking for winding up the government. I'm just calling for the accountability of [Prime Minister] Nawaz Sharif,” Khan said. “He is the biggest thief. If we don't hold him accountable, then we cannot hold anyone.”
If you're the type of person who regrets having your phone number in your email signature or that you didn't get a second SIM, then TextMe Up is for you.
Dual-SIM phones aren't the norm in Europe and aren't enough for people who need multiple numbers to keep everything on track, without compromising on privacy or time.
From the creators of TextMe, the service that turns any connected device into a phone, TextMe Up lets you create multiple phone numbers to call and text anyone in the world, even if they are not using the app. The various numbers can be managed from one account and updated or deleted as you need them.
Numbers can be set to appear to be based in the US, UK, Canada, Germany and France. Multiple numbers are easy to recognize in the app with customizable labels and colors for each one shown at the top of the keypad. Your first number is free but you will need to purchase additional numbers, which start at $1 per month depending on the location.
Credit: TextMe Up
While the calls are described as being free, you do need to earn credits to make them. This can be done by watching ads (sigh) or if you're not up for that, you can buy credit as you would for any normal ‘pay as you go' phone. There is an option for US and Canadian users to have unlimited calls and texts locally for US$2.99 or CA$3.49 a month.
Having multiple phone numbers is one way to maintain a level of privacy and manage your contacts and also means that you can disconnect more from specific calls when needs be. So if you go on vacation, you can disable your work account and avoid getting interrupted.
There are similar services available from the likes of Swytch in the UK or Burner and Shuffle, so TextMe Up has some competition. However, with TextMe already having 35 million downloads, according to its creators, it's got a head start.
➤ TextMe Up [iOS | Android]
Read next: How to become an online teacher: Part 1
A judge on Friday denied a request from Richard Gates, who was indicted in special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE's Russia probe, to leave house arrest to attend a New Year's Eve party.
ADVERTISEMENT
Gates, a business associate of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort Paul John ManafortManafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump looks for boost from Korea summit The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump MORE, had asked to "accompany his family to events for the New Year's Eve holiday from Sunday, December 31, 2017, through Monday, January 1, 2018."
Judge Amy Berman Jackson rejected Gates on Friday, saying the motion was not filed before a court-mandated deadline.
BREAKING: Judge Denies Rick Gates' Request To Leave His House To Celebrate New Year's Eve https://t.co/yx7ONhbStR pic.twitter.com/aDmyxSdSvR — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) December 29, 2017
Gates has been under house arrest since October, when he was charged with crimes including money laundering and failing to register as a lobbyist for a foreign government. The charges come from Mueller's probe into Russia's election meddling and any potential collusion with the Trump campaign.
The judge previously granted, in part, a request from Gates to attend events outside his home over the Christmas holidays. But an order detailing which events he was allowed to attend was sealed.
Judge Jackson previously denied a request from Gates to leave house arrest to drive his children to school.
This story was last updated at 4:51 p.m.
In a slight twist of fate, we might have been traveling between London and Paris in one of these thing-a-majigs– or more accurately, a propeller-driven ‘Flying Railplane‘. This fancy futurist contraption was invented by George Bennie and launched in 1930 as a prototype, designed for a more economical and rapid transport system between the two European capitals.
The test track was built in a commuter town called Milngavie in Glasgow, Scotland. It ran over 120 meters suspended a dozen feet above the ground with rails to support the cigar-shaped train both overhead and underneath. Electric propellors at either end moved the train forward.
When the media was invited to take a ride on the rail plane in July of 1930, they were quite taken with it, and hailed it a ‘wonderful product of British brains'. Compared to the bumps and whistling of a conventional train, traveling in Bennie's railplane coach was luxuriously smooth and quiet. There was only one problem. No one wanted to fund it.
After financing the original test track himself, in 1937 Bennie went bankrupt and the inventor's dream was over. The test track hung around, quite literally, for another 25 years, rusting and abandoned before it was finally demolished for scrap in the mid 1950s, around the same time Bennie died in obscurity. Ten years after that, the prototype itself was also scrapped. Only the original shed where the carriage was built is still standing with a blue plaque commemorating the Railplane on the wall outside.
And then the French had a go…
The above article published in May 1930, features a monorail design by engineer Joseph Archer, but not for another 35 years would the French see their own ‘flying railplane' realised from an inventor's sketchbook…
Enter the Aérotrain, the monorail hovertrain developed in France from 1965 to 1977 by engineer Jean Bertin. While this revolutionary yet experimental mode of transport is now very much defunct, unlike its British counterpart, you can still find its abandoned elevated tracks parallel to the the Paris-Orleans railway route…
In Gometz-la-Ville, where the track is most overgrown, a vandalised sculpture of the aérotrain is the sole clue as to what purpose the aged and forgotten concrete structure served. Some parts of the tracks (originally more than 25km in total) have been demolished to make way for highways while others are completely intact more than 40 years later. The first prototype aérotrain set the speed record for trains in the 1960s at 430 km/h, a time that would take France's current high-speed rail service, TGV, another 20 years to beat.
Under President Georges Pompidou, the project received government approval in 1965 and continued its successful development until the mid 1970s. Political power shifted and with it came the adoption of the TGV by the French government as its high-speed ground transport solution, subsequently ending the aérotrain adventure. The financial interests of some were too powerful for the visionary engineer Jean Bertin and his talented collaborators, who had dedicated their lives to the project. Bertin's death from cancer came soon after and what seemed like continuous sabotage of the aérotrain's future eventually saw the whole venture entirely abandoned.
The prototypes were kept in the hangar at Chevilly but some disrespectful visitors saw to it that they didn't stay in good condition for very long…
The first prototype was restored and moved to Jean Bretin's association in a secure location, but in 1991 a fire destroyed one of the remaining prototypes in Chevilly while the others were badly damaged. Talks for a museum housing the surviving aérotrains began in 1992, but just before approval from the Ministry of Transport came through, another fire almost destroyed everything left in the hangar. Charred remains of the trains were scrapped and the abandoned hangar was demolished in 1997.
It wasn't until 2001 that the last restored Aérotrains from Bretin's association would be seen again by the public at the Retromobile exhibition in Paris. The only other visible trace of the Aérotrain's existence are the remains of the concrete track it once flew over.
As fine and dandy as the Eurostar and the high-speed TGV trains are, who doesn't wish the future had brought us the flying railplane?!
Images via here, here and here.
Damien Rice delivered an unforgettable performance at the Greenpoint Loft for his episode of Live from the Artists Den. The Irish singer-songwriter concentrated largely on material from his acclaimed new album, My Favorite Faded Fantasy. While the concert—in an intimate, in-the-round setting on the top floor of a 19th century warehouse on the Brooklyn waterfront, with a dazzling view of the Manhattan skyline—was mostly played solo, Rice thrilled the fans with a full choir backing him on “Trusty and True.”
ARTIST BIO
Irish singer-songwriter Damien Rice first achieved international success with the release of his debut album O in 2002. The album spent 10 weeks on the Billboard 200 charts and 80 weeks in the UK Top 75 album chart, and sold over 2 million copies worldwide. In 2004, Rice was nominated for both a BRIT Award and an NME Award, while in the United States, he became the first UK-signed artist ever to be awarded the prestigious Shortlist Music Prize. His sophomore record, 9, was equally critically acclaimed. In 2007, Damien was nominated for Best International Male at the BRIT Awards and also played a sold-out arena tour. His first collection of new material in eight years, My Favourite Faded Fantasy, was released globally on November 10, 2014. Rice has also made notable contributions to civil rights campaigns worldwide, including the Freedom Campaign and Campaign for Burma.
VENUE BIO
Located in the vibrant Greenpoint neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, the Greenpoint Loft was originally built in the 1890s as part of the Greenpoint Terminal Market, a historic complex of warehouses on the Brooklyn waterfront. Once home to the largest rope making factory in the United States – the American Manufacturing Company – the complex covered 14 acres and six city blocks and, at its peak, employed over 2,500 workers. However, by the end of the 20th century, the Greenpoint Terminal Market had been largely abandoned and became known as “the Forgotten City.” After sitting vacant for several decades, the warehouse at 67 West Street was recently restored and revived.
Photography courtesy of Adam Macchia
JREF Swift Blog
Prophecy Results
Some of you may remember my article last year, wherein I invented a new form of mysticism related to iTunes, and shared my prognostications with the world. A year has passed, and it's time to to check my score. Though I don't actually claim to have any paranormal powers of prediction, I think you'll agree that I was quite accurate.
Here they are:
A major celebrity couple will break up amidst rumors of infidelity
Well, there were many this year in fact, but it was clearly Tiger Woods that was coming through so strongly.
An earthquake in South America will raise concerns over larger earthquakes in the future
I was only a few hundred miles off on this prediction, which actually referred to Honduras and Belize, in Central America. Residents have been warned to prepare for tsunamis, which often follow offshore events such as this one.
NASA will lose one of its spacecraft
While NASA spectacularly crashed a vessel into the Moon's surface in October, I'm sure it was the beleagured Mars Rover Spirit that was calling to me. With a name like that, it certainly makes sense. Poor Spirt broke though some crusty soil and became trapped in the sand underneath. NASA has tried for months to free her, but to no avail.
A blockbuster movie, years in the making, will unexpectedly flop at the box office
It may surprise many of you, but Avatar was a flop. 12 years in the making, a $73,000,000 take on opening weekend was more than 25% lower than anticipated. And if you had invested as much as $500,000,000 in a film, you might call it a flop too.
A major automaker will merge with another
Sure enough, one of the "big three," Chrysler, merged with Fiat in June. It really is hard to define "American car" these days.
A leading union will strike and picket lines will form with reports of violence
In an event that actually affected some aspects of TAM London, British postal workers voted to strike causing massive delays in the mail system.
There will be fewer hurricanes hitting the US this year
As predicted, 2009 was a very quiet year for hurricanes. There were nine named storms, which is only 60% of an average season.
The Internet will suffer a failure causing speculation of terrorism
While there were several smaller outages caused by such things as cut cables, the "denial of service attack" against Twitter, the ubiquitous micro-blogging service was exactly what I foresaw.
President Obama's approval rating will steadily decline throughout the year
Yes, as the blue line shows, enthusiasm for the Obama presidency sank as dissatisfaction rose.
A previously unknown species will be found in an unexpected place
In fact, an entire forest of new species were found using Google Earth.
So there it is, near 100% accuracy. Well, it would be if I were doing what many of the "professionals" do. While none of these events was too hard to imagine in the first place, my evidence is suspect in many of these examples. Consider the following:
Does Tiger Wood really count as a "celebrity couple?"
There was no major earthquake in South America, and the Mars Rover Spirit isn't lost, just stuck.
Chrysler and Fiat did merge, but there were talks about mergers long before Jan 4, 2009.
I could find no reports of actual violence in the British postal strike.
There were fewer hurricanes, a direct hit, but it was really a 50/50 shot, and I could have compared it to any year I wanted if it had turned out to be an average year.
As for the Internet, it suffers outages all the time, and these days, whenever anything goes wrong, "terrorism" springs to mind as an explanation. Note that I didn't say it would be caused by terrorism.
President Obama's decline was easy to predict, given the state of the economy, but was it really steady? Yeah, I have to admit it was, but again, an easy one.
And for new species, new species are ALWAYS being discovered. Finding a new forest with Google Earth, however, is the cool part of that story, and I didn't mention it at all.
So if someone offers you a prediction or prophecy, take my advice: accept nothing less than lottery numbers. If they win, share a bit with the "psychic." And if they don't, you'll understand why the psychic wasn't playing alongside you.
Many of you posted your own predictions in last year's comments. How did you do?
If you don't believe me, do a Pub Med search. There is something called a teddy bear sign. It is positive when a patient is found to have a teddy bear at bedside or in bed with them. It usually indicates that the patient is regressing to childhood and also has a high likelihood of non-organic disease. Of course, this only applies to adults. I don't think anyone would fault a six year old for finding comfort in stuffed animals.
However, the teddy bear isn't the only signal that your patient is going to be trouble. Here are some signs that I know of, some of which I've read about, others are my own creation.
Parents Sign is when someone over the age of 40 is found to have their parents at bedside. Always bad news and along with the teddy bear sign often represents mental and emotional regression.
Scrubs sign is when a patient in the hospital is dressed in scrubs, a sure signal that they've spent so much time in the hospital that they start requesting clothing instead of the gowns.
Retrobulbar micturalgia is a screening question used for patients with a 'positive review of systems' syndrome. You ask, "Does it hurt behind your eyes when you pee?" and if the answer is yes, your diagnosis is confirmed.
Radiology sign is when a radiologist mark an x-ray so that even an idiot internist can interpret it.
The radiographic criteria for fibromyalgia are (1) at least 2 MRI scans of spine (count each spine segment, so a CTL scan counts as three), (2) carrying the MRI films and/or reports to initial visit, (3) need for Xanax or Ativan (by name) prior to MRI and CT scans, (4) symptoms in distribution contralateral to radiographic findings. Criteria are met if 2 of 4 findings are present.
Can you think of any others? Most of these are pretty cynical and jaded, but I have to admit are good for a chuckle.
"I can guarantee for holiday, and not at the last second of holiday," Krzanich said in an interview. "Back to school - that's a tight one. Back to school you have to really have it on-shelf in July, August. That's going to be tough."
A leaked Intel roadmap for 28-watt chips appropriate for 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has stated that Intel's next-generation Broadwell processors will launch during this holiday season, reports Reuters (via MacG ).Originally expected to launch in Q3 2014, Krzanich noted that new manufacturing technologies are responsible for the delays surrounding Broadwell, but maintained that Intel is now on schedule to ship its new chips to manufacturers later this year. The statement comes after a leaked Intel roadmap surfaced this past February, which appeared to show an uncertain timetable for Apple's 2014 Mac updates.With Intel's Broadwell chips launching near the end of this year however, it is possible that Apple could either choose to wait until next year to integrate Broadwell chips into the Retina MacBook Pro or launch updated models with slightly faster Haswell chips. Apple updated its standard models of the MacBook Air last month with a faster 1.4 GHz dual-core Intel i5 processor while cutting the price by $100.It is also possible that Intel's new Broadwell chips could be used in the rumored 12-inch MacBook Air, which may coexist alongside or replace the current MacBook Air line. However, it is uncertain which specific chips Apple would use for the new notebook, as prior reports have pointed to the machine coming out towards the end of the third quarter As far as a next-generation iMac goes, Apple could also choose to hold off on an update until the appropriate Broadwell chips are out. However, a report last month claimed that Intel's faster Haswell desktop CPUs could arrive in May, with Apple perhaps launching updates sooner rather than later.Apple is also rumored to have a low-cost iMac in the works, which could utilize more cost-efficient chips. According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the low-cost desktop computer could boost sales in critical foreign markets and increase shipments by up to 30 percent.
West Coast managed to beat Melbourne by 6 points in an ugly slog at Subiaco Oval, despite getting far fewer inside 50s than their opposition. The Demons recorded 66 inside 50s to the Eagles' 37, a net inside 50 differential of -29 to the home team. It is quite rare for a team to be so comprehensively beaten on the inside 50 count, yet manage to win the game.
In the 3411 home and away games played since the start of 1998, only 156 games have featured an inside 50 differential of 29 or more. In 152 of those 156 games, the team that won the inside 50s won the game. The Eagles were just the fourth team over this period – spanning nearly two decades – who managed to get so comprehensively smashed in the inside 50 count and still come away with the four premiership points.
On average, each net inside 50 is associated with an increase of 2.28 points in the final margin.[1] Given this relationship between inside 50s and margin, you'd expect a home team that lost the inside 50 count by 29 to lose the game by 64 points, not win the game by 6 as the Eagles did today.
The net inside 50 count is a pretty reliable guide to which team will win. Out of the 3411 regular season games since 1998, the team that won the inside 50s won the game 74.4% of the time.
Outcome Number of games Percent of games Draw 29 0.9 Home team lost I50s, lost game 975 28.6 Home team lost I50s, won game 396 11.6 Home team won I50s, lost game 450 13.2 Home team won I50s, won game 1561 45.8
The Eagles got very lucky today.
NOTE: the figures in this post include games up to and including Round 17, 2016, plus the Eagles-Demons game in Round 18. They do not include other Round 18 games.
1. This is the estimated coefficient from a bivariate regression, which doesn't take into account other statistical measures, such as contested possessions. The standard error on the slope coefficient is 0.03, highly statistically significant. The intercept is 1.82 (indicating a slight home team advantage even when net inside 50s are 0), also highly significant. R2 in the bivariate linear regression is 0.515, indicating that the net inside 50 count ‘explains' 51.5% of the variation in margins.
I don't know if peaches + arugula + balsamic is an actual thing, but it really should be. I stumbled upon this flavor combo about a month ago and I've been experimenting with it ever since. Something magical happens when you combine the sweetness of the peaches with the acidity of the vinegar and the bitterness of the arugula.
In my experiments with these flavors, this salad is the best way to highlight each of them. It's a base of about equal parts fluffy quinoa and arugula (which is one of my favorite combos in its own right), then we're adding in grilled peaches, walnuts, mint, and an incredible dressing of a fresh peach puréed with balsamic and maple syrup. It might be simple to throw together, but the flavors are awesome.
Makes 2 big servings
Ingredients: 1 cup uncooked quinoa
3 large peaches
Juice of 1 lemon
Salt & pepper, to taste 3 large handfuls of arugula
1/3 cup walnuts
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon maple syrup
Step One
Cook some quinoa according to package instructions. To make 2 big meal-sized salads, I'd start with about 1 cup of dry quinoa and 1 3/4 cups of water. While this is cooking, slice two large peaches and grill them by whatever means necessary: a BBQ, a grill pan over a burner, or even in the oven. You can use raw peaches, but grilling them until both sides are slightly charred and caramelized makes a huge difference.
Step Two
When the quinoa is finished cooking, toss with the juice of 1 lemon and salt & pepper (which is something I do with quinoa no matter what I'm using it for) and allow to cool to room temperature. Then, toss with about an equal amount of arugula (3+ handfuls) and 1/3 cup walnuts.
Step Three
Make the super-simple and delicious dressing by adding 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar to a blender along with 1 peach (peeled), 1 tablespoon maple syrup, a pinch or two of salt, and 1-2 tablespoons of water. Blend until smooth, give it a taste, and adjust as necessary.
Step Four
Return to the salad bowl and drizzle half the dressing right into the salad, tossing until evenly coated. Then, divide into serving bowls and place several peach slices on top of each. Finish with some finely-chopped mint, salt, pepper, and another drizzle of the dressing.
The following packing list for sensitive skin is brought to you by Dara. See all packing list posts here. All affiliate links are denoted by an asterisk.
My relationship with acne as a teenage and into my early twenties was pretty average. I had a few seemingly horrendous breakouts and a consistent but easy to hide 1-2 pimples at any given time, but I never needed to branch out beyond a drugstore or see a dermatologist for my skin.
After a few years of long-term travel (which included seven months with no sunscreen in West Africa…), my skin drastically changed.
When I moved to India for work, my face broke out into multiple large cysts that created mounds of pus and swelling redness across my face. All combinations of make-up could not hide them. Teachers and even my own students would ask me what was going on with my face. Once a complete stranger, a teenage Indian boy walking down the street, pointed at my face and quizzically asked: “Pimple or mosquito?”
Today I live in Cairo, but I am acne free. Even though I will be dealing with the leftover scarring for awhile, I don't even get the 1-2 pimples that I used to always sport during my teenage years. I saw two dermatologists (one in India and one in Egypt), and each time I was prescribed creams and oral antibiotics with few results.
To be truthful, I got the most success by following a routine using these easy-to-locate items:
1. Sunscreen
Before I lose all credibility hear me out: I used to be one of those people who got glossy-eyed and bored when people waxed poetic on the sunscreen. But if you are experiencing cystic acne (especially if you think it is linked to pollution like mine was), this is a must. In addition to it protecting your skin from the sun, it will also protect your skin from the environmental stressors like pollution. It also keeps your acne scars from getting darker, thus helping them to fade more over time.
2. Two cleansers
One for make-up removal and one foam cleanser. When I was scrubbing my face raw with St Ives twice a day, even though my skin felt clean, it really wasn't. The beloved apricot scrub was actually creating micro-tears in my face and grinding dirt into my pores. Now I use one cleanser for make up removal (like Ponds Cold Cream) and one foaming cleanser. This makes my skin actually clean without using a hard scrub.
3. A spot treatment
To treat the acne you do have, you should always have a spot treatment that includes benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid. In some countries you can get great acne treatments over-the-counter. In Egypt I use a .5% tretinoin on my face every night which has greatly reduced scarring and rate of cysts.
4. Moisturizer and Vaseline
I always thought that to get rid of acne you had to dry it out. That oil created acne, and if I didn't have any of it, I wouldn't get cysts. Wrong. It turns out that I was dealing with a broken moisture barrier. Now every night I put on a layer of moisturizer and a layer of vaseline to lock it all in. (Vaseline, by the way, very likely will not break you out. It is an occlusive, which means that it sits on top of your pores, not clogging them.)
5. Hydrocolloid bandaids and Neosporin
For when you do get a cyst, put some Neosporin on it and cover with a hydrocolloid bandaid overnight. It will drain the pus out of the cyst and significantly reduce your healing time. (I have used regular bandaids with some success too.)
Neosporin should be used sparingly, so only on your worst cysts.
If on the move a lot and traveling light, be sure to store your skin care items in travel size bottles and tubs.
Have you ever experienced skin problems on the road? What's on your packing list for sensitive skin?
>> Check out Dara's other post on The Sensitive Traveler Survival Kit.
About the author: Dara Denney currently lives in Egypt where she is a Kindergarten teacher by day and a freelance writer by night. Find her at: The Traveller's Cookbook
Join the Packing List email community! Subscribe to get our latest packing lists, gear deals, and travel news by email. Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
Replicas, Keanu Reeves' New Science Fiction Thriller, Released It's First Trailer and a Release Date!
Keanu Reeves, aka Neo, aka John Wick, aka Constantine, aka the conspiracy theory meme we all know and love, can now be enjoyed in trailer format. That's right, Replicas, the sci-fi thriller directed by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and written by Chad St. John has released its first trailer, and it's… Well, just look. ﻿
The critics are excited, but not exactly in the way that Keanu probably hopes. In the words of Ars Technica writer Annalee Newitz,
Every once in a while, a movie comes along that is so resoundingly terrible that it achieves perfection. It doesn't just have a lame twist, awful acting, or some kind of cheesy technology. [Replicas] has everything.
Take that how you will, but I personally agree with Miss Newitz. With the jarring jump cuts and flashes in the beginning, the all-too-familiar scenes of a naked woman waking up covered in goo or someone is pierced in the eye with a needle, super attractive blonde girls, and hastily scribbled math formulas, I think we're in for a wild ride.
Luckily for us, we don't have to wait too much longer. The release date is set as June 15th, 2018, as announced by Entertainment Studios. So buckle up boys and girls, and get ready for Keanu as you've probably seen him before- glaring dramatically and taking everything super seriously.
UPDATE 8-23-2016: No release date has been set for sci-fi thriller Replicas.
Every so often, I remember that Keanu Reeves has another sci-fi movie coming out, and I do a little searching to see if there are any updates on Replicas. And it's been quiet for a while. However, I've just found that I missed an update, included as a short line in a Variety piece on Lotus Entertainment at the end of November. So, here's the update:
“Lotus recently wrapped production with Keanu Reeves vehicle Replicas.”
There was no other information supplied, like a potential release date or word on an upcoming trailer. We've reached out to Lotus to see if we can get an update, but it's nice to know the production's wrapped, and the movie's in post-production.
ORIGINAL POST 8-23-16: Sci-Fi Thriller Replicas is Not Only Happening, It's Already Shooting!
All the way back in October of 2014, it was announced that Keanu Reeves was coming onboard the Replicas movie project, an indie sci-fi thriller. The movie was being produced Lotus Pictures and Di Bonaventura Pictures (Lorenzo Di Bonaventura's production company, notable because he was a producer of Constantine and head of production at Warner Bros. when they produced the Matrix trilogy), with a script by Chad St. John and Tanya Wexler directing.
Then, the project sort of disappeared off the radar, seemingly just another stalled project. But whatever issues may have needed to be sorted out appear to have been sorted out, and things got moving again this year. First, in May of this year, it was revealed that Jeffrey Nachmanoff (best known as the writer / director of Traitor) would be directing, and then in July it was announced first that Alice Eve (Star Trek Into Darkness) had joined the cast opposite Reeves in the role of his wife. This was followed shortly after by more casting news, with Silicon Valley star Thomas Middleditch joining up in an unspecified role. Now, it's been revealed that not only is the movie currently shooting in Puerto Rico (and has been since August 10th), two additional companies (Riverstone Pictures and Remstar Studios) have come onboard to help finance the Replicas movie. (Maybe financing was the thing holding the movie up?)
So, What's the Replicas Movie About?
Reeves plays Will Foster, a scientist (described alternately as a ‘neuroscientist' and ‘synthetic biologist') who loses his wife Mona (played by Eve) and children in a tragic car accident. According to the official IMDB synopsis, he “will stop at nothing to bring them back, even if it means pitting himself against a government-controlled laboratory, a police task force and the physical laws of science.” Other sources indicate that he brings them back through cloning, and then has to protect them from “a ruthless corporation discovers their existence and calls for their destruction.” And when the project was first announced, di Bonaventura described it as a “unique take on what lengths a person will go to alter the past and the implications of those actions.”
Which definitely sounds like it could be an interesting premise. Traitor was a solid movie, and Keanu Reeves, despite enduring more than his fair share of “Whoa-s,” remains an engaging actor.
So Why Does It Take Four Companies to Produce?
Well, actually, according to the most recent Variety report, there are now five companies involved in producing the movie, with Blue Rider joining the previous four companies mentioned. And here's (to the best of my understanding) the breakdown in producing duties: Lotus Entertainment is handling worldwide sales, including selling Replicas at the upcoming Toronto Film Festival next month; Riverstone, Remstar, and Di Bonaventura Pictures will be co-financing the film; and Blue Rider is handling the local financing of the movie in Puerto Rico.
Having a long list of production companies to share the different costs associated with making a movie isn't a new thing, though it's become more common recently. Common enough that Family Guy poked a number of years ago.
So, what do you think? Does the Replicas movie sound interesting to you?
Adult Swim has comfortably made a name for itself by programming avant garde outside of the box series, but one that is particularly eclectic and feels representative of the network's brand is Casper Kelly and Dave Willis' Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell. Kelly and Willis' eccentric trip to the underworld has managed to fly reasonably under the radar. It's about to go into its third season but the live-action series has been in production since 2011. Having assembled a formidable cast amongst the likes of Matt Servitto, Craig RowIn, Dana Snyder, and of course, Henry Zebrowski as the lovably pathetic Gary.
Coming back from a lengthy hiatus, Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell's new season is looking to be its most memorable yet. We had the privilege of talking with Matt Servitto, the show's' resident ruler of Hades, regarding the evolution of the series, exploring Hell's mythos in pop culture, and what makes Satan tick.
Den of Geek: Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell always kind of sweeps in under the radar, but is there anything different about this season? What's it trying to say?
Matt Servitto: (laughs) Please, put down that I laughed. Any different messages? I think the message is in the title: You're going to hell!
I think this season is definitely a more polished season. I feel like it's taken us a few seasons to find our sea legs. I think initially with the show there was talk of going a traditional sitcom length. 22 minutes. We even kind of shot them that way in season one and then cut them down to the traditional Adult Swim length. So in the first season everything was kind of overwritten because they were written for longer episodes. Some of it was kind of hard to follow because they had to cut out a lot of comedy; a lot of funny stuff. A lot of that has ended up places like DVDs and outtakes.
In season two we knew the length and started refining things. This year the writing is just super crisp and so smart.
There are some episodes that are just really--you know rather than a more traditional kind of comedy that Adult Swim does, it's just a smarter season. Every episode has a beginning, middle, and an end while packing in so much.
There are a lot of interesting characters. There are callbacks to situations that we've been doing for three seasons. You kind of know the characters now. You know, Henry Zebrowski said to me, "Traditionally with Adult Swim shows it takes a season or two to set the rules for the audience and define the parameters of what the story is and what the characters do because every show of theirs has such a ridiculous premise. The audience needs to get behind the premise, and once they have it and know what the ground rules are, then you can start moving the show outward."
And that's how I feel this season was. They really started running story lines that would carry over multiple episodes, characters can come and go and the audience knows who they are...I just enjoyed this season so much because we had our sea legs! We also do a lot of improv on this show, so just comedically being comfortable with each other and trusting one another in every situation is crucial. Now I know exactly how Henry is going to come into a scene or how Craig is going to respond. So that's kind of what season three is!
Even just the special effects and production department work is continually getting better and more surprising, too! It's always been great but it's impressive to see what you guys come up with.
You know we've been working on the show on and off. We're only in season three but I honest to God think my audition for the show was over five years ago. The technology keeps getting ahead of us and the stuff that used to be super expensive, complicated, and the stuff that only a major studio could do is becoming more and more affordable. So naturally things are looking better along with that. I also think there's a bit of an intentional look of like an old '60s science fiction thing.
Now it's just very polished and we're totally aware of what we're capable of doing in post. The only downside of that is that we're doing more and more green screen. In the first season we would build practical elements to scenes, but now they'll just put a green screen and they'll be nothing. So I miss that. They still put in some practical elements, but it gets harder and harder. It all looks so great in post where we can get the world we want with a green screen. But I sometimes can be like, "Where are we? What's going on here again?" and miss the old days.
You've got to also remember that the creators came from the animation world so directing live-action was very new to them. But by this season they know exactly what they want and how to shoot it.
Satan is so often in a position of control on this show. Would you like to see him somehow be put into a position of subservience instead and get to play things a little more powerless? Maybe he gets dethroned as Satan?
Well, without giving too much away, you'll definitely see some moments of vulnerability with Satan this season. There's always been talk--and this is just me saying things because I'm not sure what's fully realized this season--that I am not the All-Mighty Satan. That I am just the ruler of one ring of Hell. That there are other rings that we will discover as the show goes on. So we begin to introduce some ideas of that, but my favorite episodes are always the ones where Satan is vulnerable. Like in the episode from last season, "Byle," where I was kind of a groupie to a heavy metal band and I was clearly such a nerd. There are some episodes this season that also similar to that where you see--I guess we'll call it, the softer side of Satan.
But those are always my favorite because when you're playing all-powerful--it's always been my dilemma with superhero movies, so many of these characters are invincible. Once you introduce invincibility in any piece of storytelling it kind of loses my interest. It ends and begins all stories if someone can't die. What are we doing? I think it sort of takes every interesting story in human history and throws it out the window. So the best stories are always people that are fallible and can rise up from that failure, so I'm happy that this season you'll see a wide range of emotions from Satan.
Off that note, the show has done such an effective job at fleshing out Hell and building its own mythos. We got a glimpse of Heaven in last year's finale but would you like to see more of the show's take on that?
It's funny because the Hell that we inhabit, it is a conglomerate of Biblical elements, stories, and legends. I feel that we've always been trying to forge our own Hell, with a little help from Dante and pop culture, but then there will be an episode that clearly makes reference to a Bible story or something from the Old Testament, and I like that mix. It also allows us to play with a bunch of characters that are already sort of established. We sort of traffic in that. But I loved when we went to Heaven last year.
This year I think we do something with the snake, apple, and Adam and Eve story, so there's some of that. The beauty is that there's just so much to pull from. We're always like, "So we're obviously going to keep this thing going, right?" We sit on set and come up with like five seasons worth of stories because it's a never-ending--you know, people are obsessed with the idea of Hell, the idea of eternal damnation. It lends itself to so many stories. I feel like we've just begun to scratch the surface.
Last season also introduced a number of classic monsters and demons into the show like witches, Cerberus, even Krampus, but with your own sort of slant on each of them. What sort of traditional monster would you like to see dealt with in the series next?
Oh man...One of the things that we started to do this season is that if this is the traditional Judeo-Christian Hell, then who's there? What kind of really interesting, awful people from history are there? And are they all just hanging out together? That was something that we began to toy with this season, we begin to introduce people like Hitler into the show. When the actor came to set and we saw him, we were like, "Well, obviously this is going to be a recurring character on the show..." Every once in a while you should just be in the coffee room and like Hitler walks through, and there's Gengis Khan with Mussolini and Jeffrey Dahmer. We are always thinking of who should be down here.
In regards to things like monsters and pop culture mythology, I'm always amazed at things like Cerberus and Krampus that they put in the show. I was only sort of familiar with them beforehand and then read up. But oh my God, what amazing stories! It's all about stories and myths about the Devil and how he reveals himself on Earth. Those are some of my favorite episodes too, when Satan has to go to Earth and we see whether he looks like himself or if he's disguised as some sort of creature.
The main thing that I think is sort of missing from the show is the introduction of women. A lot of time has been spent on the idea that the ring of Hell that we're spending time in is almost like a fraternity. They introduced the idea at one point that the women were on another side of Hell, but that's part of Hell, that you don't get to be with women! Of course so many of the awful people throughout history have been men, so it lends itself to that area. Besides, men don't have a monopoly on the concept of being evil.
On the topic of women in Hell, one of my favorite episodes that you guys have done is that National Lampoon's sex parody last year. Do you get into any more genre homages this season?
We did one which I definitely want to keep under wraps, but we do another that's a big homage to the traditional three-camera sitcom. I know that we do a science fiction thing a little bit--without giving away too much, we might see visitors from another planet...
Amazing, because I was going to bring up the idea of aliens or even just looking at Hell on other planets.
And that's kind of what happens.
Wonderful.
Everyone on the show is also just so musically inclined--like we did that High School Musical episode--but we talk about doing something like a rock opera or musical theater, since that's so many people's idea of what hell is--just non-stop singing!
Banshee was one of my favorite shows, but the final season became pretty divisive for some fans. Now that some time has passed since then, what are your thoughts on what that series accomplished as a whole, and the success of its final year?
Boy, Banshee was such a great ride. I've been doing this for a long time and I've never done something quite like Banshee. I know it all sounds cliche, but it was just a great four-year cocaine trip. It was always amped up and aerobic, and the way it was to watch the show was the same way we shot it. Very guerilla filmmaking. We shot the show in nine days, which everyone said is insane and that we'd need 12 or 13 days, and we knew that and it just pushed us harder. Initially, a show like this wouldn't have been on my radar as a television watcher. So many people told me that, but it absolutely grows on you and gets under your skin.
But onto that last season, clearly my character still had more of a story left and that wasn't finished. But I wish we had maybe just ONE more season to go out on. If we had gone back and done another more traditional season. In the fourth season we took some risks and tried some things. At times it didn't work, but when it did, it was amazing. But I always had big respect for the writing and wanting to do ambitious things like a big time jump or immediately killing off a main character. Then we spend the entire rest of the season on this murder mystery.
Fans take things personally! The same thing happened to me and The Sopranos finale where people respond viscerally to me, as if I was responsible. The thing now though, with it all being over and people binge watching it all as a unit, I think it does perhaps play a little better all together. I could talk about that show forever though, it was the best.
Lastly, are there any particular episodes from this upcoming season that you're excited for people to see?
Yeah, there was one particular episode that was just the smartest thing to me--the sitcom one--but again I don't want to spoil too much. I will say though that it's the one day that my kids have come to visit on set. I've kept pushing them away, but when they finally came it was when we were taping the sitcom part of the episode.
It was snowing in Hell, let me just say that. So we had fake snow that was very slippery as well as this three-camera set-up. Also because Hell is freezing over we have to wear sweaters, hats, and scarves, and it's already hot in Atlanta where we film. So my kids are watching all of this, and my red makeup is melting off my face, and they're just like, "This is what you do for a living?" And I thought, I can't believe this is the first time they've seen me working. But they also had this look that was like, "You have the greatest job of all time," and you know what? I do. On days like that I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell season 3 premieres on Adult Swim on October 23rd at 11:30pm
Not to be confused with Call for bids
An invitation to treat (or invitation to bargain in the United States) is a concept within contract law which comes from the Latin phrase invitatio ad offerendum, meaning "inviting an offer". According to Professor Andrew Burrows, an invitation to treat is:
"...an expression of willingness to negotiate. A person making an invitation to treat does not intend to be bound as soon as it is accepted by the person to whom the statement is addressed."[1]
A contract is a legally binding voluntary agreement formed when one person makes an offer, and the other accepts it. There may be some preliminary discussion before an offer is formally made. Such pre-contractual representations are known variously as “invitations to treat”, “requests for information” or “statements of intention”.
True offers may be accepted to form a contract, whereas representations such as invitations to treat may not. However, although an invitation to treat cannot be accepted it should not be ignored, for it may nevertheless affect the offer. For example, where an offer is made in response to an invitation to treat, the offer may incorporate the terms of the invitation to treat (unless the offer expressly incorporates different terms). If, as in the Boots case (described below) the offer is made by an action without any negotiations—such as presenting goods to a cashier—the offer will be presumed to be on the terms of the invitation to treat.
Case law [ edit ]
Generally, advertisements are not offers but invitations to treat, so the person advertising is not compelled to sell. In Partridge v Crittenden [1968] 1 WLR 1204, a defendant who was charged with "offering for sale protected birds"—bramblefinch cocks and hens that he had advertised for sale in a newspaper—was not offering to sell them. Lord Parker CJ said it did not make business sense for advertisements to be offers, as the person making the advertisement may find himself in a situation where he would be contractually obliged to sell more goods than he actually owned.
In certain circumstances called unilateral contracts, an advertisement can be an offer; as in Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Company [1893] 1 QB 256, where it was held that the defendants, who advertised that they would pay £100 to anyone who sniffed a smoke ball in the prescribed manner and yet caught influenza, were contractually obliged to pay £100 to whoever accepted it by performing the required acts.
A display of goods for sale in a shop window or within a shop is an invitation to treat, as in the Boots case,[2] a leading case concerning supermarkets. The shop owner is thus not obliged to sell the goods, even if signage such as "special offer" accompanies the display. Also, in Fisher v Bell [1961] 1 QB 394, the display of a flick knife for sale in a shop did not contravene legislation which prohibited "offering for sale an offensive weapon". If a shop mistakenly displays an item for sale at a very low price it is not obliged to sell it for that amount.[3]
For an offer to be capable of becoming binding on acceptance, the offer must be definite, clear, and objectively intended to be capable of acceptance.
In England, auctions are governed by the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (as amended). Section 57(2) provides: “A sale by auction is complete when the auctioneer announces its completion by the fall of the hammer, or in other customary manner. Until the announcement is made any bidder may retract his bid”. S. 57(3) provides further: “An auction sale may be subject to a reserve price”. However, if the auction is held "without reserve" then the auctioneer is obliged to sell to the highest bidder.[4][5] It is implicit from Payne v Cave (1789),[6] an early case concerning auctions, that each bid is deemed to expire when others make higher bids; but some auctioneers (such as eBay) have lawfully amended this presumption so that, should a higher bidder withdraw his bid, they may accept a lower one.
The tender process is a debated issue. In the case of Spencer v Harding,[7] the defendants offered to sell stock by tender, but the court held that there was no promise to sell to the highest bidder, merely an invitation for offers which they could then accept or reject at will. In exceptional circumstances, an invitation for tenders may be an offer, as in Harvela Investments v Royal Trust of Canada [1986],[8] where the court held that because defendants had made clear an intention to accept the highest tender, then the invitation to tender was an offer accepted by the person making the highest tender. The Harvela case also made it clear that "referential bids" (e.g. “$2,100,000 or $101,000 in excess of any other offer which you may receive, whichever is the higher”, as in the Harvela case) are void as being "contrary to public policy and not cricket".
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
AKRON - An Amish girl with leukemia spent time at a natural cancer treatment center in Central America after she left home with her parents in Ohio to avoid being forced to resume chemotherapy treatments, the girl's grandfather said.
AKRON � An Amish girl with leukemia spent time at a natural cancer treatment center in Central America after she left home with her parents in Ohio to avoid being forced to resume chemotherapy treatments, the girl�s grandfather said.
Sarah Hershberger, who recently turned 11, her parents and the couple�s baby daughter now are in hiding in the United States, Isaac Keim said.
The family left the small Amish community where they live in rural northeastern Ohio just days before a state appeals court appointed a guardian in October to take over medical decisions for Sarah, said Keim, who told the Akron Beacon Journal that he accompanied them to the unnamed clinic.
The Hershbergers have been fighting doctors at Akron Children�s Hospital in court for months after the parents decided to halt the treatments because they were making Sarah sick.
Doctors say her leukemia is treatable, but she will die within a year without chemotherapy. The hospital sought to force treatment after the family opted to try natural medicines, such as herbs and vitamins.
The family has appealed the court decision that gave an attorney who�s also a registered nurse limited guardianship over Sarah. They don�t plan on returning until the ruling is reversed.
�What kind of gift would that be, if we could get this resolved and they can come back home without a fear of being in contempt of court or having their child snatched away,� Keim said. �We�r e praying every day that this thing can be resolved and get their lives back together.�
The Hershbergers� five other children are staying with community members near their farm outside the village of Spencer in Medina County, about 35 miles southwest of Cleveland.
Keim said that CT scans and blood tests show that the natural treatments are working. He said she is cancer-free.
�She�s a vibrant, healthy girl,� Keim said.
The Amish are deeply religious and shun many facets of modern life, but they don�t reject modern medicine.
Andy Hershberger said this past summer that the family agreed to begin two years of chemotherapy for Sarah last spring but stopped treatment in June because it was making her extremely sick.
Officials at Children�s Hospital in Akron have said they are morally and legally obligated to make sure the girl receives proper care. They said the girl�s illness, lymphoblastic lymphoma, is an aggressive form of non-Hodgkin�s lymphoma, but there is a high survival rate with treatment.
The Imperial couple's visit, regarded as a goodwill trip to the Kingdom, marks the 130th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Thailand and Japan.
Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko are due to arrive this afternoon and shortly after are scheduled to lay a wreath and sign a condolence book for the late King Bhumibol at the Grand Palace.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said recently during an announcement of their visits that the Emperor and Empress will pay a condolence visit to Thailand to show respect for HM King Bhumibol's tremendous leadership for the development of friendship and goodwill between Japan and Thailand.
They will later meet with HM King Maha Vajiralongkorn at Amphorn Satharn Villa at Dusit Palace.
Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko have had a cordial relationship with the Thai royal family for more than half a century. In December 1964, when they were Their Imperial Highnesses the Crown Prince and Crown Princess, the royal couple returned a visit on behalf of Their Majesties the Emperor Showa (Hirohito) and Empress Kojun (Nagako) in response to a visit to Japan by King Bhumibol months before.
Emperor Akihito took the throne in 1989. He chose Thailand for his first foreign visit after he became emperor – being welcomed in Bangkok in September 1991. King Bhumibol gave him the most auspicious order of Rajamitrabhorn, which is Thailand's highest royal order. The Empress Michiko also became a Dame of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri.
The Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko were in Thailand again in June 2006 to attend the 60th anniversary celebrations that marked King Bhumibol's accession to the throne.
The Thai royals forged close relations with the Imperial Palace long ago. King Bhumibol began ties with the Japanese Emperor and Empress when he visited Japan as a state guest in May 1963.
The then Emperor Showa and Empress Kojun were seen in an old archive welcoming Their Majesties King Bhumibol and Queen Sirikit when they were stepped down from their aircraft. Crown Prince Akihito was also there to receive the royal visitors from Thailand.
Like the Japanese Emperor, HM King Maha Vajiralongkorn has made close relations between the two royal families since he was Crown Prince and represented the Thai royal court when he attended the Imperial funeral of Emperor Showa in February 1989.
HM the King, while Crown Prince, visited Japan again in November 1990, when the ceremony of accession was held for Emperor Akihito.
Among other Imperial family members, Prince Akishino has frequently visited Thailand. With the cooperation of Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn, he has done research into the process of domesticating chickens. Meanwhile, Crown Prince Naruhito was in Thailand in 2012 for a trip that also took him to Ayutthaya.
While royal families of both countries are above politics, their relations and visits to each other are regarded as a precious gesture for relations between the two. Thailand and Japan are ‘strategic partners' now in economic, security and political matters in bilateral and multilateral ties. The two countries also cooperate to encourage development in the Mekong region states.
The Imperial couple's visit to Thailand is part of a week-long tour to the Mekong region, which took them to Vietnam five days ago.
The 83-year-old Emperor spent time seeking to soothe any lingering wounds from World War II. He undertook similar efforts on a trip to the Philippines last year.
Thailand is the only country in Southeast Asia which appears to have few grievances with Japan from the traumas of the war. The Imperial couple is due to leave Bangkok for Japan on Monday afternoon.
After Romney's Loss, Mormons Lament What Might Have Been
Enlarge this image toggle caption George Frey/Getty Images George Frey/Getty Images
Poor Chris Stewart. The former Air Force pilot had just won a landslide victory in his first bid for Congress in Utah, but the crowd of Republicans listening to his acceptance speech at a Salt Lake City hotel kept pointing to the massive television screen behind him.
"Do you want me to stop?" Stewart asked. "You would rather listen to Gov. Romney than to me, wouldn't you?"
Some in the crowd shouted "Yes!" and the sound of Romney's concession speech filled the room.
Given Utah's Mormon majority, and its dominance of the Republican Party and most elected positions in the state, it's safe to say the crowd was predominately Mormon. There was complete silence for the first time all night as Romney spoke. Some in the crowd choked back tears.
Utah gave Romney his biggest election victory Tuesday night with 73 percent of the vote.
"This is not about religion," said Lara Marriott, a health and fitness saleswoman who attended Romney's Mormon congregation in Massachusetts when he was the top local leader.
"This is about our country," Marriott added.
But she and others deeply disappointed by Romney's loss also reflected on the gains and losses for their faith as its latest spotlight fades.
"He definitely helped bridge the gap between believing things that are not true and what Mormons really believe," Marriott said.
"There's more acceptance of our faith," added Elizabeth Crofts, who was seated at a table with Marriott as they watched election night returns. "There's more interest in our faith."
Romney's candidacy focused intense attention on the faith. Last Sunday, television crews from around the world filmed at Mormon Sacrament Meetings in Utah and Massachusetts. It was a regular monthly day of fasting and prayer, and some of the faithful told reporters they were fasting and praying for a Romney presidency.
"I don't know what would have been," said Louvonne Newman, a customer service representative from Willard, Utah, at the deflated Republican gathering Tuesday night. "I guess we'll never know."
Romney, she said, is "definitely a great ambassador for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It would be nice for people to know more about our religion. I get tired of being called a cult."
Newman said that a Romney presidency would have, by example, presented a positive image of the faith.
"He's a fine man, and he has a good character; and that comes from his roots, which are influenced by his religion," she said.
But some also recognized that a Romney presidency could have triggered even more scrutiny for the faith. Some would have tried to link Romney policies and decisions to Mormon leaders, including the president of the church, who followers believe is a prophet of God.
"The prophet guides us," explained Bill Marriott, who sells farms and ranches in Utah. But "we choose what to do."
Bill Marriott insisted that Romney, as president, "would choose the best course for the nation."
Brian Birch, an administrator at Utah Valley University in Orem, Utah, told The Salt Lake Tribune that Romney's loss "may be a blessing for Mormons concerned about further public scrutiny of their faith."
Birch told the Tribune that "a Romney presidency would almost certainly have kept Mormonism under the microscope for many years to come."
Mormon leaders issued a statement late Tuesday night congratulating President Obama and calling for Mormons and people of all faiths to pray for the re-elected president.
"It is a long tradition among Latter-day Saints to pray for our national leaders in our personal prayers and in our congregations," the statement said. "We also commend Governor Romney for engaging at the highest level of our democratic process ... We wish him and his family every success in their future endeavors."
A church spokesman did not respond to NPR's request for further comment.
"People now understand that Mormons don't have green horns," said Lamont Green, an airline worker and state Republican convention delegate. Romney's candidacy, he added, "dispelled a lot of the criticisms."
In fact, Romney's Mormon faith wasn't much of an issue after the primary season ended and he secured the nomination. Even evangelical Protestants, who were wary of Romney's candidacy in the 2008 primaries, supported him in great numbers going into the general election, according to a July survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press.
Philip Barlow, who teaches Mormon history and culture at Utah State University, told the Tribune that the faith itself "developed a thicker skin in the eyes of the world" during Romney's presidential quest. "And the world could see that a Mormon who runs for office isn't, by definition, a nut case."
SSTC Gate Drive Transformer (GDT) Design Guidelines
Thanks go to Richie Burnett for sharing his notes on SSTC design - credit is shared with him for the content here, although any errors are most likely mine. If you have any comments or corrections, please email me: james at pawson dot plus dot com
This guide is primarily aimed at Solid State Tesla Coil builders, but the notes apply equally to half/full bridge designs e.g. induction heating applications.
Quick Start
Quick Tips - A brief summary for those that want to lash something up quickly. The rest of this guide is worth a read, especially if you are new to SSTCs
The Theory
Practical GDT Design
Practical design to reduce leakage in a GDT
Part selection
Some existing designs have been added to this thread on 4hv.org
I've put some specific GDT construction notes on my Stubby SSTC page
I've made a basic GDT design spreadsheet in Excel that allows calculation of the critical parameters, available for download soon (.zip)
Driver Circuits
It should be noted that the GDT merely couples the drive power to the gate of the transistor. As a result, whatever devices used to drive the GDT primary need to be able to supply the high peak currents required to rapidly charge and discharge the transistor gate.
MOSFET gate drivers are ideal for this task, such as the following devices
Texas Instruments UCC37322 non-inverting and UCC37321 inverting drivers are the most popular choices, with a 9A peak drive current capability.
For the more difficult, higher capacitance IGBT gates, Ixys make a selection of high current gate drivers, including the popular IXDD414
Maxim also make a selection of gate driver ICs
For higher power drive of MOSFETs, although not entirely necessary, is a half bridge of low voltage, high current small MOSFETs. Cross conduction in these smaller transistors can occur if the gate drive circuitry is badly designed. Steve Ward has an example of this circuit.
Jan Wagner has some good design notes on SSTC gate drive design.
Further Reading
I'm assuming you missed the DNC leaks, and how they actually were trying to work together against Sanders.
It wasn't originally expected that Sanders would get as far as he did, she was given soft opposition. They always expected a fight in the general election, and the need for more spending.
There was a lot of support for Sanders here, and in addition to the smaller budget, it's harder to turn both Sanders, Trump, and other 3P supporters against Bernie when they all hated Hillary. It also wasn't directly a race against Trump yet.
3P, Sanders, and Hillary supporters all hate Trump. It's much easier to use a wave than reverse one, so drowning out any other talk (and working to hide negative Clinton articles) and with more funding makes it substantially easier than in the primaries. The "would've buried Sanders" argument really doesn't hold much water.
There was always going to be more anti-Trump stuff. That's expected and natural (or mostly would've been, since that first weekend had all the new accounts flooding at first). The insta-down vote for negative Clinton stuff is not normal for this community, though.
I actually got work in the morning, so going to need to drop out of the conversation. Look, I don't want Trump to win, but I want a more honest look at the candidates and our leaders. Not manipulation. We're not Russia or China. A "Trump's daughter bought some Jewelry, you won't BELIEVE what the store did next!" Is not more relevant than a politifact article pointing out lies and misleading statements by the actual candidates.
President Donald Trump listens people speak in support of Republican tax policy reform, during an event in the Grand Foyer of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 13, 2017, in Washington. Americans are painting a pessimistic view of the country and President Donald Trump as 2017 comes to a close. That's according to a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. The survey shows less than a quarter of Americans think Trump has made good on the pledges he made to voters while running for president. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump frequently casts his first year in office as a string of successes and campaign promises fulfilled. But less than a quarter of Americans think Trump has made good on the pledges he made to voters while running for president, according to a new poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
Among Republicans, just half say Trump has kept his promises, which included vows to overhaul his predecessor's health care law, withdraw the United States from a nuclear accord with Iran and invest millions in new projects to fix the nation's aging infrastructure. None of those steps have been taken.
“Everything has stalled out,” said Mark Krowski, 37, an independent from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, who leans Republican but didn't vote for Trump last year.
As 2017 comes to a close, the majority of Americans painted a broadly pessimistic view of Trump's presidency, the nation's politics and the overall direction of the country. Just three in 10 Americans said the United States is heading in the right direction, and 52 percent said the country is worse off since Trump became president — worrisome signs both for the White House and Republicans heading into a midterm election year where control of Congress will be at stake.
Along with the 23 percent who think Trump has kept his promises, another 30 percent think he has tried and failed and 45 percent think he hasn't kept them at all.
In a second AP-NORC poll conducted this month, Trump's job approval rating sits at just 32 percent, making him the least popular first-year president on record. A quarter of Republicans say they're among those who disapprove of the president.
One relative bright spot for Trump? The improving economy.
With a soaring stock market and unemployment hovering around 4 percent, 40 percent of Americans approved of Trump's handling of the economy. That's higher than the three in 10 Americans that approved of the president's handling of health care, foreign policy or taxes.
Still, Trump continues to talk about his presidency with lofty rhetorical flourishes, declaring that his first months in office outshine those of his predecessors. But there's no doubt that 2017 has been devoid of any significant legislative accomplishments, though Republicans are urgently trying to pass a sweeping overhaul of the nation's tax system. The package would give generous tax cuts to corporations and the wealthiest Americans, and more modest tax cuts to low- and middle-income families.
“We're very, very close to a historic legislative victory, the likes of which rarely has this country seen,” Trump said during a meeting with lawmakers earlier this week.
Republicans are banking on the tax overhaul being enough to carry them through next year's House and Senate contests, elections that will largely be a referendum on Trump's first two years in office and the GOP's stewardship as the majority party on Capitol Hill. But with the legislation rushed through Congress and negotiated largely in private, Trump and lawmakers may have more work to do to sell the public on its benefits.
“There's so much back and forth and so many adjustments being made. It's just so uncertain,” Edward Hale, a 72-year-old independent, said of the tax legislation.
One thing Hale, a retired federal government employee from Clarion, Pennsylvania, is certain of in the proposal? “It definitely favors Mr. Trump and his wealthy friends,” he said.
The survey results suggest that with or without a tax overhaul, Trump has work to do in convincing the public that his presidency is benefiting them. Just 25 percent of Americans think the country is better off since Trump took office — and only 20 percent say they personally are doing better.
By contrast, an AP-NORC poll conducted a year ago found that Americans were more likely to think the country had become better off over the course of Barack Obama's presidency than worse off, 46 percent to 33 percent.
Only 9 percent think the country has become more united as a result of Trump's presidency, while 67 percent think the country is more divided because of Trump. That's far higher than the 44 percent of Americans who said in a poll one year ago that Obama's presidency had served to divide the country further.
Even Republicans are more likely to say Trump has divided America than united it, 41 percent to 17 percent.
Notably, the deep-seated pessimism about the president and national politics doesn't extend to local communities. Overall, about half of Americans said they feel optimistic about their local communities. And that feeling is shared across the political spectrum: 55 percent of Democrats and 50 percent of Republicans feel optimistic about the way things are going locally.
___
The AP-NORC polls surveyed 1,444 adults from Nov. 30-Dec. 4 and 1,020 adults from Dec. 7-11 using samples drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 3.7 percentage points for the first survey and plus or minus 4.3 percentage points for the second.
Interviews were conducted online and using landlines and cellphones.
___
This version corrects voter Mark Krowski's age to 37.
___
Online:
Poll results: http://www.apnorc.org/PDFs/AP-NORC%20December%202017/AP%20Custom%20Poll%20Topline%20December_Trump.pdf
_
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Emily Swanson at http://twitter.com/EL_Swan
OAKLAND — Giving a boost to Oakland's ambitions to become a tech employment hub, ride-booking pioneer Uber Technologies is expanding its corporate operations to downtown Oakland and planning to fill a historic building with about 2,500 workers, the company announced Wednesday.
Starting in 2017, Uber employees will work in the old Sears Building, a now-vacant, 380,000-square-foot complex that fronts both Telegraph Avenue and Broadway, right above the 19th Street BART station.
“Uber is a game-changing company and this is a game changer for Oakland,” Mayor Libby Schaaf said during a City Hall event to formally announce the Uber expansion. “It solidifies our place as the center for urban innovation in America.”
High-tech companies now employ about 5,600 people in Oakland, according to a recent report by the Oakland Chamber of Commerce. That means that Uber by itself would increase the number of tech workers in Oakland by nearly 50 percent.
“The Uber deal marks a very dramatic shift for downtown Oakland,” said Sid Ewing, a senior vice president with Colliers International, a commercial realty brokerage. “This is a high-profile tech company going into Oakland and gives the downtown much more credibility.”
The Oakland building, now known as Uptown Station, includes 330,000 square feet of offices and 50,000 square feet of retail space. Uber also is planning another headquarters building of 423,000 square feet in San Francisco's Mission Bay district.
At present, Uber has about 2,000 employees in the Bay Area, not including its contract drivers.
“This is a milestone not only for Oakland but for Uber Technologies,” said Renee Atwood, Uber's global head of people and places. “The Bay Area is our hometown. We are proud our global headquarters is going to include Oakland.”
About 20 percent of Uber's workforce now lives in the East Bay. Uber predicts that in about two years, about 25 percent of the company's workforce will reside in the East Bay.
The Oakland offices will be a co-headquarters for Uber, since the company will retain all of its San Francisco facilities, even after it expands into Oakland. “Technologists, product developers, human resources, operations, sales, marketing and business development” will be among the kinds of employees at the corporate office in Oakland, said Adony Beniares, Uber's director of real estate and facilities.
Oakland leaders and developers of Uptown Station for months have been seeking to attract a tech company from San Francisco or other locations to the historic building, which is close to dining, entertainment, arts and retail stores that make up the Uptown district, a cornerstone of a remarkable revival of downtown Oakland.
“We are excited to deepen our roots across the bay by investing in the revitalization of historic downtown Oakland and to become a permanent part of the fabric of the East Bay community by adding thousands of jobs at our Oakland site,” Atwood said.
In March, a gourmet market was announced as the first tenant for the structure. Uber said it will keep the ground-floor retail.
“We will support and invest in the ground-floor retail,” said Eva Behrend, an Uber spokeswoman. “We will encourage and support homegrown restaurants and retailers” for the first-floor spaces.
Scott Smithers, managing principal with Lane Partners, said the realty firm is “thrilled” and would continue to work with Uber to finish the building's $40 million renovation now that the sale has been completed.
The building opened in 1929 as Capwell's department store and was bought by Sears a few years after the 1989 Loma Prieta quake damaged the structure.
For Oakland, the deal could help spur more expansions of San Francisco companies and tech firms to the city's downtown — a priority for the new mayor.
“We're proud that Uber was attracted to Oakland's creative energy, incredible talent, progressive values, prime location and accessibility to the entire region,” Schaaf said.
A number of development projects could be sparked by Uber, Colliers broker Ewing said. These include the 1100 Broadway building by SKS and a 23-story office tower at 601 12th Street in Oakland's City Center by Shorenstein Properties. Ewing also is tracking two other prime sites in downtown Oakland.
“Uber is like a pebble hitting still water,” Ewing said. “You will see ripples throughout Oakland and the East Bay from this.”
Those ripples, though, may trigger higher housing, office and retail rents in Oakland. As more well-paid workers work and live in Oakland, that could force home prices and apartment rents higher.
“This is fantastic that Uber is expanding into Oakland,” City Councilwoman Lynette Gibson-McElhaney said in an interview Wednesday. But she also warned, “I'm concerned about the displacement that is already happening in Oakland.”
Thousands of residential units are in the pipeline, but thousands more are needed, and suburban cities in the East Bay must pitch in, Gibson-McElhaney said.
Uber also said it will scout for further expansion sites in Oakland's downtown.
“Oakland is now part of the Uber world,” Beniares said.
Contact George Avalos at 408-859-5167. Follow him at Twitter.com/georgeavalos. Mike Blasky covers Oakland City Hall. Contact him at 510-208-6429. Follow him at Twitter.com/blasky.
IT WAS supposed to be a simple act of kindness from a grieving widower dining alone for the first time in response to a happy couple sitting nearby.
But when Lee Ballantyne wrote them a note offering to pay for their meal because it would make his late wife smile, he had no idea the response it would receive.
The Ontario native, who lost wife of 43 years Carol on December 30, was so inspired by the happy couple dining across from him that he wrote them a note explaining why he would pay for their meal.
News_Image_File: Lee Ballantyne was so touched by the happy couple dining nearby he paid for their dinner and sent them this note. Picture: Reddit
"You don't know me, but my beautiful wife of 43 years died last week. Tonight I dined alone for the first time. You remind me of us many years ago. Please allow me to buy your dinner. It will put a smile on Carol's face and make me happy ... for now," the note read.
Mr Ballantyne also wished the couple a happy New Year and asked them to pay the gesture forward.
But unknown to him, the napkin soon found its way onto imgur and Reddit and led to some people questioning whether the note was in fact real or a hoax.
Mr Ballantyne's son, who posts as Axe34, noticed the thread, which now has hundreds of comments, and responded to the trolls saying the note was indeed authentic and why he himself had written about his mum's death.
"Mom died on Dec. 30. Dad went to dinner last night [Tuesday] and then told me this morning about what he did. A friend sent us the link to the photo that had been uploaded here. It's all true. That's my dad's abysmal handwriting."
News_Image_File: Lee Ballantyne's son Jason responds to the trolls who questioned the gesture.
In another post he wrote: "I'm posting a link in the hopes it might help some of those so quick to dismiss the loss of a loved one see that not only is the story true but it's about real people dealing with a devastating loss."
Either way he said he wasn't going to show the thread to his grieving father because "it wasn't what he needed to see right now".
Long-time friend and The Intelligencer journalist Chris Malette also confirmed the authenticity of the note and said he couldn't believe the "soul-sucking and vile" observations which appeared on the thread.
"Many of us struggle with the loss of a loved one. Lee and Carol were an inspiration in coping - most always, at least to us friends and family - with a smile and a kind word, caring always about how the rest of us were faring," he wrote in his column.
"Now he moves on to a new chapter in his life without his dear wife and it's heartening to see he's taking the next steps on the wings of an angel.
"Nice work, old son. Internet trolls aside, your gesture was an inspiration and brought a smile to this crusty curmudgeon's day."
In her obituary, Mrs Ballantyne was described as a "loving and nurturing mother and grandmother ... who had three sons and five grandchildren, her pride and joy".
The 62-year-old had been diagnosed with lung cancer in September and endured previous health battles before she died last month.
Many economists agree: The risk that Europe may stagger back into the economic abyss is far from over.
"We now have a different form of the euro crisis," analyst Robert Halver of Baader Bank said in an interview with DW. "Previously, the national debt was the focus in discussions of the eurozone crisis. Now, the focus is on the risk of a renewed recession."
In many countries of the euro zone, serious reforms to improve regional competitiveness had not been undertaken, Halver said.
"But only economic reforms will bring business investment into these countries and so generate stable new jobs," he added. He feared a return to "the times of debt barbarianism, where government policymakers think they must try to stabilize the economy by taking on more debt." That, in his view, would be very dangerous.
More dangerous than the Lehman bankruptcy
The economist and investment manager Max Otte was one of the few economists who predicted, in 2006, the world financial crisis that started a year or two later. He believes that the current economic downturn could prove even more dangerous than the one set off by the Lehman bankruptcy of 2008.
"The financial crisis six years ago started with a panic. People realized that the world financial system might break down. We solved the problem with great heaps of cheap money," Otte told DW.
"However, there was a failure to follow up with structural reforms, and a number of fundamental problems were not addressed, let alone solved."
Watch video 04:08 Share EU Sanctions against Russia - Orders Slump for Saxony's Manufacturers Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/1DRoU EU Sanctions against Russia - Orders Slump for Saxony's Manufacturers
Accumulation of negative trends
The consequences of these policy failures are now becoming apparent - in an accumulation of negative trends. The national debts of most European countries have risen even further, and southern Europe is in a catastrophic depression with mass unemployment. The existing economic policy package has failed to regenerate growth.
International political developments are making things even worse. "The economic war we are stupidly waging with Russia has primarily harmed Germany and Austria. ISIS and the situation in the Middle East are further worsening the mood," said Otte.
Moreover, political instability in Europe has been a "gift" for the United States economy: "Corporations are beginning to shift their investments from Europe to America."
Hans-Werner Sinn, president of the Munich-based Ifo Institute for Economic Research, fears the European economy will stay weak for years to come. He recently told reporters that he saw no easy way out of the bad situation in the southern euro countries, adding: "The crisis is very clearly not over yet."
Alarming signal from Italy
The Ifo Institute has observed volumes of capital flight from Italy in recent months that were last seen before the ECB's eurozone government bond support pledge two years ago. 67 billion euros of capital were withdrawn from the country in August and September, when creditors refused to replace old loans with new ones.
"This is an alarming signal that shows the capital markets are once again losing confidence," said Sinn.
In 2012, the European Central Bank announced it was prepared to buy government bonds in unlimited quantities if necessary, in order to stabilize bond yields. It thereby defused the crisis - without, so far, having had to actually buy any government bonds.
ECB chief Mario Draghi said in July 2012: "Within our mandate, the ECB is ready to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro. And believe me, it will be enough."
Since then, eurozone countries have been able to borrow on favorable terms, at low rates of interest. That has served as an invitation for national governments to take on additional debt. This has masked, but not solved, economic problems. At some point, the new debt must be repaid, and that will become more difficult as the accumulated debt load grows.
"At this point, we have countries in the eurozone taking on new debt in order to pay back previous loans to some extent," said Robert Halver.
Courageous action
However, Halver also criticized the austerity policy of the German government, saying it must not slavishly stick to the goal of a budget surplus for 2015.
"We saw very clearly in 2008 how a boom became a massive downturn" as a result of the global financial crisis - and budgetary flexibility staved off even worse consequences.
Hans-Werner Sinn argues for a bold approach to the problem of excessive debt in the crisis countries. He proposes a "haircut", or partial write-off of debt at the expense of creditors.
"My opinion is we won't make progress in the eurozone if we stick to small measures."
Max Otte said the European Union is far too dependent on America, and allows its economic crisis management policies to be dictated "from the outside", by Anglo-American interests. Their policy prescription is to use the central bank to pump ever more cheap money into the financial markets. Otte believes Europe should avoid following their example.
Drastic measures
Like Hans-Werner Sinn, Otte is calling for really drastic measures: "There are things that must changed in the construction of the euro, that's the important thing," he told DW.
His recommendations include an immediate exit of some peripheral countries from the eurozone, but not from the European Union - "we need to emphasize that again and again," said Otte.
Waiting and hoping that the crisis might somehow sort itself out at some point is not a serious option. The situation is too dangerous for that. In the same spirit, Robert Halver said: "We need to take effective measures now. We can not accept any further worsening of the economic crisis. In the extreme, even the existence of the eurozone and its currency will be in play."
Bangalore: Girls of std I to get Rs 2 for daily attendance in govt schools
From Our Special Correspondent
Daijiworld Media Network - Bangalore
Bangalore, Jan 10: As part of the drive to give a boost to enrolment of girls and their regular attendance to classes, the State Cabinet has decided to pay a daily allowance of Rs 2 to all girl students of Standard I'm studying in Government schools for everyday from Janaury 1.
The scheme will be implemented from January 1 itself to ensure increase in enrolment of girl students in schools located in slums and rural areas, Law and Parliamentary Affairs Minister T B Jayachandra said while briefing reporters after a State Cabinet meeting presided over by chief minister Siddaramaiah on Friday.
The implementation of the scheme would cost the State exchequer Rs 4.49 crore in the next three months of the current fiscal year 2013-14.
The scheme would be applicable only for girl students enrolled in Class I in government schools, he said explaining that the Chief Minister had made the announcement in the State Budget for 2013-14.
The Primary and Secondary Education Department would work rules with regard to modalities of payment for attendance in class one by girls.
KBJNL to raise Rs 750 cr from market
A decision was taken to provide the government guarantee to Krishna Bhagya Jala Nigam Limited (KBJNL) to raise Rs 750 crore through issuing pubic bonds in 2013-14.
150 acres for Rail Coach Factory
The State Cabinet has decided to release the amount required for acquisition of 150 acres for establishment of a rail coach factory at Kadechur village between Saidapur and Chegunta railway stations in Yadgir district.
Recently, Railway Minister Mallikarjun Kharge has recently inspected the land for the factory in the village.
Rs 20 cr for Pashu Bhavan
Jayachandra said the Cabinet has approved to sanction Rs 20 crore for construction of a Pashu Bhavan of the Animal Husbandry Department at Hebbal in Bangalore.
It would be constructed on four acres. All offices of the department would be shifted to the Pashu Bhavan after the completion of the building.
Tenders would be called for Rs 20 crore and work would be commenced, he said.
Rs 1,310 per quintal MSP for maize
In view of the increase in the production of maize, a decision was taken to fix the minimum support price for maize at Rs 1,310 per quintal.
The government would procure maximum of 75 quintals from each farmer.
It was decided to procure 1.20 lakh quintals of maize, Jayachandra said.
Sahai to head Biodiversity Board
A decision has been taken to appoint retired IFS officer, R M N Sahai, as the chairman of the Karnataka Biodiversity Board.
The Board was established vide section 22 of Biodiversity Act 2002.
The search committee headed by Chief Secretary Kaushik Mukherjee recommended the name of Sahai.
Main objectives of the Board are promotion of conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity and increase awareness with respect to biodiversity.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Trump White House has excluded LGBT and black reporters from its annual media Christmas party.
It is the first time since President George W. Bush that LGBT reporters have been left off the invite list, and the first time in 20 years that black groups have been excluded.
Chris Johnson, the chief political and White House reporter for the Washington Blade, one of the world's oldest LGBT publications, is among those uninvited.
The first Mr Johnson knew of his awol invite was over Thansgiving.
“My first reaction was I assumed it must have been an oversight,” Mr Johnson told The Independent.
After emailing White House officials, he was passed between numerous spokespeople, none of which could answer his question.
“It is consistent with the White House press secretary not calling on me during the on-camera press briefings,” he told the newspaper, noting that he had been called on just twice in the last six months.
He believes that the issue over the invite is “just kind of consistent with the policy of the administration to exclude LGBTQ people”.
April D Ryan, the White House correspondent and DC bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks, who is black, was also excluded from the invite list.
“I don't think I was overlooked,” Ms Ryan told the Washington Post of this year's party.
“I think they don't like me. For whatever reason, they have disdain for me.”
Ms Ryan had been invited for the previous 20 years.
Reporters from the New York Times, Washington Post and Politico have been invited as usual.
CNN, however, has opted to boycott the event this year.
A spokesperson for First Lady Melania Trump said: “As with Christmas parties in past administrations, this is off the record.
“This is not meant to be a news event, rather, it is an opportunity for the media and their guests to enjoy a reception at the White House this Christmas season.”
It's not the first time Trump has ignored the LGBT community in recent days.
President Trump gave a statement to mark World AIDS day that somehow does not feature a single mention of the LGBT community.
In a signed statement on the White House website, President Trump has said: “Today, on World AIDS Day, we honor those who have lost their lives to AIDS, we celebrate the remarkable progress we have made in combatting this disease, and we reaffirm our ongoing commitment to end AIDS as a public health threat.”
Trump continued: “Since the beginning of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, more than 76 million people around the world have become infected with HIV and 35 million have died from AIDS.
“As of 2014, 1.1 million people in the United States are living with HIV. On this day, we pray for all those living with HIV, and those who have lost loved ones to AIDS.”
This statement stands in comparison to President Obama's final World AIDS Day address where he urged then President-elect Trump to maintain HIV/AIDS prevention work and highlighted the impact of HIV on the LGBT+ community.
As LGBT+ people are disproportionally affected by HIV/AIDS, previous presidents have used their World AIDS Day proclamations as an opportunity to reach out to the LGBT community.
President Obama explicitly mentioned the LGBT+ community in his 2016 statement, saying: “In the United States, more than 1.2 million people are living with HIV.
“Gay and bisexual men, transgender people, youth, black and Latino Americans, people living in the Southern United States, and people who inject drugs are at a disproportionate risk.”
Unlike Democratic Presidential candidate Hilary Clinton, Trump did not release any policy information regarding HIV/AIDS prevention during his campaign, prompting concern about funding early on.
President Trump's failure to mention the LGBT+ community in this statement has been met with significant criticism.
Beaming with Pride: Sending Solar Power Down from Space
There's a nearly endless source of energy out there in the center of our solar system, and the collection methods we have here on the surface of the Earth only grab a very small fraction of it. If we could harvest solar energy directly from space, the useable amount would increase dramatically. The US Navy Research Laboratory is testing out two modules that would float in space to collect solar power and beam it to Earth. Arrays of the modules could produce enough energy to power entire cities.
The team, headed by Dr. Paul Jaffe, is working on two designs. One uses a “sandwich” model: the electrical components are all packed between two square panels. The top of the module is a solar collector and the bottom is an antenna that beams the power down to a receiver on the ground. The other design uses a “step” model which is more or less an opened-up version of the sandwich model. The open design is far more efficient; the larger surface area allows it to capture more solar power without overheating.
Although the idea of sending a solar power collector into space isn't new, the scope of this proposed project is impressive. Dr. Jaffe expects the finished modules to span a full kilometer, which would necessitate their being built in space by robots. Small scale models of the modules have been tested in space-like conditions and have been found to be more than four times as efficient as previous concepts. While many people have expressed concern over the safety of beaming solar power down from space, Jaffe explains that there wouldn't be a high-powered death laser aimed at Earth; the power would likely be transmitted using safer microwaves, and they would only hit specific receivers set up to receive the space power.
The FBI on Friday arrested an Omaha man for making threats against Republican Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa.
According to the arrest affidavit, Robert William Simet, 64, made several threatening comments about Ernst on Wednesday at a motorcycle shop in Pacific Junction, Iowa, where the senator was scheduled to speak.
Simet is accused of telling one employee he "could kill" Ernst at the event, and told another employee that "everyone in the government needs to be killed off."
He also allegedly said he thought Ernst belonged to the Islamic State.
In a separate incident targeting a senator on Thursday, a man was arrested for telling staffers for Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., that liberals will "solve the Republican problem" by having "better aim," a reference to the shooting at a practice for the congressional baseball game last month.
A campaign committee has formally filed to draft actor and former WWE wrestler Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for president.
“Run the Rock 2020,” the name of the official organization, was filed on behalf of Johnson with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) on Sunday, according to FEC records.
ADVERTISEMENT
The paperwork was filed by a man named Kenton Tilford under a West Virginia address. Tilford's connection to Johnson and his motivation for filing the organization is not clear.
Johnson has long joked about a White House bid, playing a buff Obama on "Saturday Night Live" and standing in front of podium labeled “The Rock Johnson 2020” on the show in May. But he revealed earlier this year that his run is “a real possibility.”
In an interview with GQ in May, he spoke about how he would take on Trump's policies, adding that he would like to see better leadership, responsibility and “poise” from the Oval Office.
The actor spoke at the Republican National Convention in 2000 and attended the Democratic National Convention the same year. He has said that he is registered as an Independent.
There is no question that the cost of water in San Juan Capistrano has spiraled out of control. Water bills have doubled and in many cases tripled, just within the past two years. For many residents, especially those on fixed incomes, water, a basic necessity, is becoming unaffordable.
I came to the City Council with the mission to bring clean water to residents in the most cost-effective manner possible. I did not bring with me any preconceived notions as how best to achieve this mission. After researching the complex interrelated financial and engineering issues for more than a year, I have concluded our city must get out of the water business.
The reasons for the high cost of water are numerous. Some of the factors contributing to the high cost of water were outlined in a recent independent water-utility audit report commissioned by the City Council. The audit listed inefficiency, mismanagement and debt as factors contributing to the high cost of water. However, the primary culprit lies in the groundwater recovery plant itself. It is tremendously expensive to operate. The groundwater recovery plant devours millions of dollars each year in personnel, maintenance and basic operation costs. Despite whatever talking points you may have heard or read, the costs are only expected to increase. For example, with the expansion of “green” energy being mandated throughout the state, both the cost of our water and the electricity it requires to operate it will only further skyrocket the household budget in the future.
Furthermore, the bond debt for the groundwater recovery plant construction is over $42 million, which costs us more than $2.8 million per year in bond debt payments. If you add the cost of personnel, maintenance and basic operation costs needed to run the plant, all of us taxpayers are on the hook for more than $5 million per year, according to the recent audit report. It is no wonder the groundwater recovery plant has bled cash from its inception and the present deficit in the water utility is estimated at $6 million. What began as a noble if not naïve idea has become an insatiable monster that is threatening to consume the fiscal health of San Juan Capistrano.
If the plant offered cost-effective clean water, we would be applauding its efficiency and usefulness. Instead, all these expenses add up to one glaring reality: San Juan residents cannot afford the groundwater recovery plant, especially when buying our water elsewhere would cost less than what we are currently paying to produce our own water. My colleagues continuously assert that imported water is also increasing in cost, and it is. However they fail to acknowledge that the groundwater recovery plant water costs increase equally if not faster than that of imported water. Furthermore, we only lease the groundwater recovery plant and will never truly be water-independent. Sadly, there is no short- or long-term benefit for you, the taxpayer.
Many constituents have asked what we can do to rein in our spiraling water costs. In my opinion, the answer is for our City Council to acknowledge their mistake(s) and simply yet assertively get out of the water business. There will be a few issues that need to be worked out, most notably to renegotiate the bond debt with the San Juan Basin Authority, but with a determined City Council, these issues can easily be resolved.
Unfortunately, the current City Council majority lacks the will and continues to stubbornly ignore reality, all the while defending the fiscal black hole that is the groundwater recovery plant. In November, we, the victims of this debacle, will have the opportunity to gain control by sending fiscally responsible representatives to the City Council.
'Millionaire' No Prize for Insurance Company
TV: Lloyd's of London, which pays show's big winners, decries easy questions. By contrast, its British predecessor asks, 'What is the SI unit of magnetic flux density?'
The hugely successful ABC-TV quiz show did not spring fully formed from the creative mind of Regis Philbin. Rather, "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" complete with the multiple-choice questions and "Is that your final answer?" was invented here and first broadcast on Britain's ITV network. The British production company Celador has licensed it to ABC and a dozen other TV networks around the world.
And now Americans have taken that formidable British contribution to the world's television schedules, "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" and dumbed it down to the point where just about anybody can take home the jackpot.
Americans took the noble language of Milton and Shakespeare and turned it into gangsta rap. They took the fluid, manly sport of rugby and turned it into football, with helmets, huddles and (ugh) TV timeouts.
LONDON — As the English see it, there's a predictable pattern to the way Americans borrow and debase the great British contributions to international culture.
And now the British insurance syndicate that funds the big payoffs on "Millionaire" has filed a lawsuit claiming that the American version of the show has questions so basic that the game is too easy to win.
Goshawk Syndicate, a group of brokers at Lloyd's of London that agreed to pay off in case any contestant won a major prize, has filed suit in London's high court complaining that it faces "unacceptable" losses because producers have made the show too easy.
Nobody has won the million on the British show, but one contestant took home the second prize, $800,000. By contrast, ABC has paid off two million-dollar winners and three other contestants who answered $500,000 questions.
The London insurance brokers argue that the questions on the U.S. edition have been dumbed down in a deliberate effort to produce more winners. Accordingly, Goshawk asked the court here to void the insurance policy covering big payouts.
ABC replied that "the integrity of 'Millionaire' is beyond reproach" and said the lawsuit is just a typical example of an insurance company "trying to deny coverage." No matter what happens in court, though, the legal action has given the gleeful British media another excuse to haul out all their favorite stereotypes about stupid Americans.
"You don't have to be a rocket scientist to become a millionaire-- you just have to be an American," noted the Guardian newspaper. The lawsuit, said the Guardian, "has confirmed the suspicion of many British viewers that questions on the U.S. version of the show are easier" than the ones asked in Britain.
The Daily Telegraph ran a graphic showing "Recent questions from the U.S. show," with such brain twisters as "How many full bags of wool are there in 'Baa Baa Black Sheep'?" and "Which condiment is also known as a Latin dance: mustard, mayonnaise, relish or salsa?"
Even the toughest questions on the U.S. show have been belittled here. The first million-dollar winner, John Carpenter, took the prize when he correctly chose Richard Nixon as the U.S. president who appeared on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In," a popular comedy show in the late 1960s.
To win a million pounds (about $1.7 million) on the British show, however, you have to know things like "What is the title of the third part of T.S. Eliot's 'The Waste Land?' " or "What is the SI unit of magnetic flux density?" (Answers: "The Fire Sermon," Tesla.)
One thing that "Millionaire" has in common on both sides of the Atlantic is enormous popularity. The 30 million American viewers who tune in three times a week made the crucial difference in giving ABC first place in the latest ratings sweepstakes. In Britain the show always ranks in the top 10, and a collection of "Millionaire" questions is on all the paperback bestseller lists.
Senate Republicans are mulling over a provision to their healthcare overhaul measure that could bar Americans from purchasing insurance on the individual market for six months if they don't maintain continuous coverage, Vox reported Saturday.
The provision would address concerns over the bill's current lack of penalties for those who choose not to purchase insurance, and could be introduced as soon as Monday, according to the report.
The Senate bill prohibits insurers from denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions. But without penalties that would otherwise encourage healthy people to buy insurance, the bill could lead to a system in which only the sickest people purchase coverage, leading to staggering insurance premiums, Vox noted.
ADVERTISEMENT
Under the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate, Americans who don't purchase health insurance are subject to a fine.
The addition of the six-month waiting period to Senate's Better Care Act, however, could make it more difficult for Republicans in the chamber to pass the measure with the budget reconciliation process.
That process limits what policies can be included in the legislation, and the waiting period could be among the restricted provisions, Vox reports.
Budget reconciliation would allow Senate Republicans to pass their healthcare overhaul with only 50 votes, as opposed to the 60 required for normal legislation, allowing the GOP to avoid a Democratic filibuster.
Republicans hold a 52-seat majority in the chamber and five GOP members have said that they cannot vote for the bill in its current form.
Actress Amber Tamblyn bashed the creators of the naked, life-size Donald Trump statues that popped up in several U.S. cities in recent weeks.
“Body-shaming is never OK, even when it comes to Trump,” the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants star said in a brief Facebook post late Sunday.
“These statues aren't art: They are a lazy, unoriginal concept, stolen mind you, from Ilma Gore's painting which already made this exact same point earlier this year,” Tamblyn wrote.
In February, Los Angeles-based artist Ilma Gore unveiled a humiliating painting of a nude Donald Trump.
Not made it down to see @illmagore's trump masterpiece yet? It's here until 22nd April so add it to your diary. pic.twitter.com/vl6YoKOmmD — Maddox Gallery (@MaddoxGallery) April 14, 2016
Last week, life-size statues of Trump popped up in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Cleveland, New York City, and Seattle.
A group named Indecline, founded by Bum Fights creators Ryan MacPherson and Daniel Tanner, have claimed credit for the unflattering Trump sculptures, titled “The Emperor Has No Balls.”
“Like it or not, Trump is a larger-than-life figure in world culture at the moment,” an Indecline spokesperson told the Washington Post Friday.
The group approached a Las Vegas sculptor named Ginder, who happily took on the project.
“When the guys from [Indecline] approached me, it was all because of my monster-making abilities,” he told the Post. “Trump is just yet another monster, so it was absolutely in my wheelhouse to be able to create these monstrosities.”
However, Tamblyn says there's nothing creative about the statues.
“This is wholly unoriginal and uncreative,” the actress said.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
Hey there tech fiends, it's that time of the week again. Once again, I've got another sick exclusive for your ears today, and that'll hold true for next week as well so be sure to check back next Tuesday. Before we dive into today's focus, here's the usual weekly reminder that if you're looking for even more sick bands, all prior editions of this series can be perused here.
For those who are new to SlaveOne, the group hails from France, and their name comes from the ship Boba Fett uses in Star Wars. This is hardly their first go around, having released a 2009 demo and a 2012 ep, Cold Obscurantist Light, before releasing their 2016 full-length, Disclosed Diotropic Principles which I loved quite a bit and covered here in this column last year. Now only a year later, and they're back again with a new EP called An Abstract and Metaphysical Approach to Deceit. Luckily, we've got you covered since this is an exclusive early stream of the EP ahead of its official release this Friday through Dolorem Records.
While their music is still often informed by old school progressive death metal influences, SlaveOne on their new release have done away with the mainly mid-tempo mode of their 2016 songs and are exploring something new on An Abstract and Metaphysical Approach to Deceit. This is quite a bit different sounding than their 2016 effort, a lot of their identity from last year's album is still here, with flourishes of old-school prog/tech in a Death, Pestilence, and Cynic influenced way paired with some airy middle eastern type melodies and pauses. But on the three core songs here, there's more of a Behemoth and Nile gone Ulcerate with a touch of Gorguts flavor to the material, paired with a noticeable Obscura influence. Overall, the music here shows a far more dissonant, atmospheric focused, and speedier version of SlaveOne, and the result is an interesting evolution in sound only one year after their last release.
The three new songs that form the core of the material are fucking sick and add up to almost 20 minutes of quality material. Kicking off in high gear right from the onset with opener "Tunguska", which segues nicely into the even more expansive and adventurous following track, "Through illuminated void and meditative resonance". Closing out on a strong note with "Urobic", which stands as the track here that hews closest to their prior progressive death focused sound, but with those darker and speedier upgrades woven in that are the more prominent focus musically on tracks one and two. An Abstract and Metaphysical Approach to Deceit is high-octane powerful technical death metal with an adventurous prog death-tinged vibe to it, and the quality is always top notch no matter what they're exploring musically. After track three, it ends with a Dimmu Borgir cover as a bonus, which is for their song "Blessings upon the throne of tyranny", and while I personally am not a fan of it, the three main songs on the release are well worth nabbing this for even if the cover isn't to your liking either.
I was already a fan of SlaveOne prior to this EP, but this new release feels like a big step up for them which is always exciting to hear from a band you enjoy. So jam our early exclusive stream below, and if you dig what you're hearing, An Abstract and Metaphysical Approach to Deceit can be pre-ordered through the Dolorem Records Bandcamp page. Be sure to follow SlaveOne over on their Facebook page as well.
Massimo Pinca/Associated Press
Juventus took a major step towards their fourth consecutive league title on Saturday, led once again by the easily recognisable stars who have been responsible for so much of the success the club has enjoyed in recent years. There were superb saves from Gigi Buffon, an impressive midfield performance from Arturo Vidal, and of course the obligatory goal from Carlos Tevez.
The striker netted his 26th goal of the campaign, continuing his excellent season which was analysed is detail in this previous column. Leonardo Bonucci added a well-taken second goal to seal all three points against an impressive Lazio side, extending Juve's lead at the top of the Serie A standings to 15 points ahead of Sunday's games.
Claudio Marchisio and Patrice Evra also turned in impressive displays, but another man who shone was Simone Padoin, a player rarely given credit for his contribution to the cause. The 31-year-old arrived in Turin in January 2012 to very little fanfare, and has continued to operate below the radar ever since that € 5 million transfer from Atalanta.
Never a regular in the first-choice XI under either Antonio Conte or Max Allegri, Padoin has become increasingly versatile over his three-year stint with the Bianconeri, filling a variety of roles and almost always turning in a resolute display.
Having previously played almost exclusively in midfield, he has learnt to play as both a wing-back in the 3-5-2 formation, or indeed as an orthodox full-back when Allegri deploys a four-man defence. He has featured on both flanks, seemingly favouring neither and diligently sticking to whatever task he has been handed.
Massimo Pinca/Associated Press
There have of course been occasions where his lack of natural flair for a role in defence has been punished, with perhaps Mohamed Salah's Coppa Italia goal for Fiorentina the most obvious example. Stationed on the halfway line at a Juventus corner, Padoin attempted to match pace with the Egyptian, where a player more familiar with the role would likely have committed an early tactical foul at the expense of a yellow card.
Yet Padoin would have the last laugh—as he so often has since joining Italian football's grand Old Lady—playing 90 minutes against the same player in the second leg of that semi-final and denying him any similar opportunities. When the final whistle blew it was he, not Salah, who celebrated, the former Italy Under-21 international playing a significant but unheralded role in yet another Bianconeri victory.
He has featured in 22 matches this term, with all but 10 of those coming as a substitute, Allegri sending him on to shore up the defence and ensuring the introduction of Padoin becomes synonymous with the game being over. Statistically he makes a minimal impact, with figures from WhoScored.com showing he has averaged 1.1 tackles, 0.9 interceptions and 22.5 passes per game this term, but he has often been on the field in the club's biggest games.
Squawka.com
With injuries robbing Allegri of Kwadwo Asamoah, Martin Caceres and Romulo, resting Stephan Lichtsteiner and Patrice Evra has been increasingly difficult. The coach knows he can count on Padoin to cover for his regular stars and has played him much more in recent weeks as a result. His performance against Empoli recently—when he featured as a defensive midfielder—drew praise from the coach, singling out his performance in a post-game interview with Sky Italia (h/t Football Italia):
Padoin is proving himself to be a great professional. As well as being able to play in many different roles, he also has the characteristics to become a Coach! He's tactically intelligent and it's tough to play in front of the defence. He brings balance to the side and anywhere you put him, he does the job.
That is ultimately the simple truth when discussing the 31-year-old: Simone Padoin does the job, and he does it very well.
This report was published Dec. 12, 1982, in The Washington Post.
LOS ANGELES -- Garfield High School, a drab block of concrete in the middle of a low-income, Hispanic neighborhood in East Los Angeles, has been known for high absenteeism and youth gangs, but never for higher mathematics. Perhaps that is what fooled the Educational Testing Service of Princeton, N.J.
In the May 19 national advanced placement calculus test, which is so difficult that only 2 percent of graduating from high school seniors ever attempt it, a startling total of 18 Garfield students passed. Many had similar correct answers and seven made the top score of five, what one Garfield teacher compared with "walking on water."
Sensitive to the slightest hint of invalid scores, the service, which composes the Scholastic Aptitude Test and other national examinations, demanded a retest for 14 of the students, but the results were the same. It had stumbled across, not a cabal of cheaters, but the students of Jaime Escalante, 51, a Bolivian immigrant who has performed a miracle in a tough, big-city school.
In the process, he also has shown what a rigidly organized classroom routine and a deep devotion to teaching might do to solve what is becoming a national crisis.
In the third decade since the Soviets put the first artificial satellite in orbit, science and mathematics in American high schools have fallen on hard times. Qualified teachers are quitting in droves for better-paying jobs in private industry.
In California, according to a recent study by University of California researchers James W. Guthrie and Ami Zusman, 750 science and mathematics high school teachers are retiring each year, but only 250 students in the state university system currently are training for such jobs.
Some school districts are trying to retrain athletic coaches to fill the gap, but students still graduate woefully ill-equipped for the new era of high technology, thus adding to the unemployment rolls at a time when high-tech jobs are going begging.
To motivate his students, Escalante uses a Spanish word, ganas, which loosely translates as "the urge" -- the urge to succeed, to achieve, to grow. It is difficult to teach, and impossible to legislate, but a look at one remarkable teacher can show how it grows and the forms it comes in.
Garfield High School sits five miles east of downtown Los Angeles, drawing students from long, flat blocks of small stucco and frame houses, the homes of middle- and lower-income families, almost all of Hispanic descent. The community, said principal Henry Gradillas, "does not have that great love for education. They have large families, they have to go to work, they start families early."
Escalante's routine includes a five-minute test at the beginning of every class. He insists that homework be done; he has taped the assignments for the whole year into each textbook so no one can claim forgetfulness. His tests are long and difficult, and after-school work is usually a must.
Escalante came to the United States in 1964, with 11 years' experience as a teacher in Bolivia. But he could not speak English well and could only find a job as a busboy in a Pasadena restaurant. Within six months he had been promoted to head cook. He studied electronics in his free time at Pasadena City College and soon won a job with the Burroughs Corp. as a technician. The money was good, "but I hoped to go back to school and teach again."
This poem is my way of celebrating the 237th birthday of the United States of America.
This poem is a deep, warm, cleansing shower for the soul of any American who despairs for the future of the country.
This is the Langston Hughes poem that every school child in America should be made to memorize and recite. Don't get me wrong, “I, Too, Sing America” is a great poem, expressing some great thoughts and feelings in just a few words, but this poem could remove so much poison from so many people if it were read and studied by American children.
I feel like I've made a contribution to America today, just by reading this poem. I will sleep well, tonight.
When a man starts out with nothing,
When a man starts out with his hands
Empty, but clean,
When a man starts to build a world,
He starts first with himself
And the faith that is in his heart-
The strength there,
The will there to build.
First in the heart is the dream-
Then the mind starts seeking a way.
His eyes look out on the world,
On the great wooded world,
On the rich soil of the world,
On the rivers of the world.
The eyes see there materials for building,
See the difficulties, too, and the obstacles.
The mind seeks a way to overcome these obstacles.
The hand seeks tools to cut the wood,
To till the soil, and harness the power of the waters.
Then the hand seeks other hands to help,
A community of hands to help-
Thus the dream becomes not one man's dream alone,
But a community dream.
Not my dream alone, but our dream.
Not my world alone,
But your world and my world,
Belonging to all the hands who build.
A long time ago, but not too long ago,
Ships came from across the sea
Bringing the Pilgrims and prayer-makers,
Adventurers and booty seekers,
Free men and indentured servants,
Slave men and slave masters, all new-
To a new world, America!
With billowing sails the galleons came
Bringing men and dreams, women and dreams.
In little bands together,
Heart reaching out to heart,
Hand reaching out to hand,
They began to build our land.
Some were free hands
Seeking a greater freedom,
Some were indentured hands
Hoping to find their freedom,
Some were slave hands
Guarding in their hearts the seed of freedom,
But the word was there always:
Freedom.
Down into the earth went the plow
In the free hands and the slave hands,
In indentured hands and adventurous hands,
Turning the rich soil went the plow in many hands
That planted and harvested the food that fed
And the cotton that clothed America.
Clang against the trees went the ax into many hands
That hewed and shaped the rooftops of America.
Splash into the rivers and the seas went the boat-hulls
That moved and transported America.
Crack went the whips that drove the horses
Across the plains of America.
Free hands and slave hands,
Indentured hands, adventurous hands,
White hands and black hands
Held the plow handles,
Ax handles, hammer handles,
Launched the boats and whipped the horses
That fed and housed and moved America.
Thus together through labor,
All these hands made America.
Labor! Out of labor came villages
And the towns that grew cities.
Labor! Out of labor came the rowboats
And the sailboats and the steamboats,
Came the wagons, and the coaches,
Covered wagons, stage coaches,
Out of labor came the factories,
Came the foundries, came the railroads.
Came the marts and markets, shops and stores,
Came the mighty products moulded, manufactured,
Sold in shops, piled in warehouses,
Shipped the wide world over:
Out of labor-white hands and black hands-
Came the dream, the strength, the will,
And the way to build America.
Now it is Me here, and You there.
Now it's Manhattan, Chicago,
Seattle, New Orleans,
Boston and El Paso-
Now it's the U.S.A.
A long time ago, but not too long ago, a man said:
ALL MEN ARE CREATED EQUAL–
ENDOWED BY THEIR CREATOR
WITH CERTAIN UNALIENABLE RIGHTS–
AMONG This LIFE, LIBERTY
AND THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS.
His name was Jefferson. There were slaves then,
But in their hearts the slaves believed him, too,
And silently took for granted
That what he said was also meant for them.
It was a long time ago,
But not so long ago at that, Lincoln said:
NO MAN IS GOOD ENOUGH
TO GOVERN ANOTHER MAN
WITHOUT THAT OTHER'S CONSENT.
There were slaves then, too,
But in their hearts the slaves knew
What he said must be meant for every human being-
Else it had no meaning for anyone.
Then a man said:
BETTER TO DIE FREE
THAN TO LIVE SLAVES
He was a colored man who had been a slave
But had run away to freedom.
And the slaves knew
What Frederick Douglass said was true.
With John Brown at Harper's Ferry, Negroes died.
John Brown was hung.
Before the Civil War, days were dark,
And nobody knew for sure
When freedom would triumph
“Or if it would,” thought some.
But others new it had to triumph.
In those dark days of slavery,
Guarding in their hearts the seed of freedom,
The slaves made up a song:
Keep Your Hand On The Plow! Hold On!
That song meant just what it said: Hold On!
Freedom will come!
Keep Your Hand On The Plow! Hold On!
Out of war it came, bloody and terrible!
But it came!
Some there were, as always,
Who doubted that the war would end right,
That the slaves would be free,
Or that the union would stand,
But now we know how it all came out.
Out of the darkest days for people and a nation,
We know now how it came out.
There was light when the battle clouds rolled away.
There was a great wooded land,
And men united as a nation.
America is a dream.
The poet says it was promises.
The people say it is promises-that will come true.
The people do not always say things out loud,
Nor write them down on paper.
The people often hold
Great thoughts in their deepest hearts
And sometimes only blunderingly express them,
Haltingly and stumblingly say them,
And faultily put them into practice.
The people do not always understand each other.
But there is, somewhere there,
Always the trying to understand,
And the trying to say,
“You are a man. Together we are building our land.”
America!
Land created in common,
Dream nourished in common,
Keep your hand on the plow! Hold on!
If the house is not yet finished,
Don't be discouraged, builder!
If the fight is not yet won,
Don't be weary, soldier!
The plan and the pattern are here,
Woven from the beginning
Into the warp and woof of America:
ALL MEN ARE CREATED EQUAL.
NO MAN IS GOOD ENOUGH
TO GOVERN ANOTHER MAN
WITHOUT HIS CONSENT.
BETTER DIE FREE,
THAN TO LIVE SLAVES.
Who said those things? Americans!
Who owns those words? America!
Who is America? You, me!
We are America!
To the enemy who would conquer us from without,
We say, NO!
To the enemy who would divide
And conquer us from within,
We say, NO!
FREEDOM!
BROTHERHOOD!
DEMOCRACY!
To all the enemies of these great words:
We say, NO!
A long time ago,
An enslaved people heading toward freedom
Made up a song:
Keep Your Hand On The Plow! Hold On!
The plow a new furrow
Across the field of history.
Into that furrow the freedom seed was dropped.
From that seed a tree grew, is growing, will ever grow.
That tree is for everybody,
For all America, for all the world.
May its branches spread and shelter grow
Until all races and all peoples know its shade.
KEEP YOUR HAND ON THE PLOW! HOLD ON!
This poem can be found in a number of Langston Hughes poetry books, including The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes.
* * *
Welcome to Mystery of Ascension! Добро пожаловать в Тайну просветления! We document the study of the New Message from God in general, and the book Steps to Knowledge in particular. Мы тут делимся своим опытом изучения Нового Послания от Бога, в общем, и книги Шаги к Знанию в частности. Find out more about us here. Узнайте больше о нас здесь. Find out how to contact us here. Узнайте, как связаться с нами здесь.
To Understand Blockchains, You Should Understand Cryptographic Hashes First
Bitcoin is first and foremost a child of cryptography
Isaac Simpson Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 19, 2017
For me, the key to grasping blockchains is understanding cryptographic hashes. I think a lot of us normies make the mistake of conceiving of blockchains as basically lists of anonymous transactions distributed across decentralized networks. While this is indeed what a single blockchain is, what sometimes gets lost is that the foundation of blockchain technology lies not in decentralization, anonymity, or even distributed ledgers, but in cryptography itself. While this may be obvious to anyone with a basic understanding of computer science, for most of us it is entirely new.
Ultra Brief History of Digital Money
Bitcoin is a new take on previous experiments with digital money. In the 1990s, this was a hot, albeit speculative, topic. Even Alan Greenpsan said during a speech in 1996,
“We could envisage proposals in the near future for the issuers of electronic payment obligations, such as stored-value cards or ‘digital cash,' to set up specialized issuing corporations with strong balance sheets and public credit ratings.”
Establishment use of digital currency was thus on the table well before Bitcoin. To liberate digital currency from the establishment, another wrinkle was needed. That wrinkle was cryptography.
At the same time as Greenspan's speech, the Cypherpunks were already experimenting with digital currencies with the express intention of subverting banks. Their experiments, all of which existed before Bitcoin, included Adam Back's hashcash, Nick Szabo's bit gold, Wei Dai's b-money, and Hal Finney's RPOWs. All of these harnessed the power of cryptographic hash functions and together they compose the giant shoulders upon which Bitcoin stands today.
What Are Cryptographic Hash Functions?
A cryptographic hash function takes data and essentially translates it into a string of letters and numbers. Ever use a URL shortener like bitly or tinyURL? It's sort of like that. You put in something long, and something short comes out that represents the longer thing. Except with cryptographic hash functions, the input doesn't need to be long. It can be extremely short (e.g. the word “Dog”) or almost infinitely long (e.g. the entire text of A Tale of Two Cities), and you will still get a unique output string of uniform length. Also unlike URL shorteners, the hash functions involved in Bitcoin only work one-way. While the same data will always result in the same hash, it is impossible to reconstitute your original data from hash it produces.
So data goes into a hash function, the function runs, and a string of letters and numbers is produced (you can try it for yourself here). That string is called a hash. In the Bitcoin blockchain hashes are 256 bits, or 64 characters.
It may seem impossible that a near infinite amount of data can be translated consistently into a unique string of only 64 characters, but this is miraculously how cryptographic functions work. Entire books full of text can be translated into a single string of 64 numbers and letters using this incredible technology. And every time you put the same data in, you will get not only the same identical hash, but one that is unique and different from any other hash.
For example
The hash of:
“It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way — in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.” is:
df0a199c7fef0a53d9a4144bc9122441b94510c13faf424ca26b65aa5035048f
While the hash of “Dog” is:
cd6357efdd966de8c0cb2f876cc89ec74ce35f0968e11743987084bd42fb8944
How Cryptographic Hash Functions Work
There are different types of cryptographic hash functions and each works differently. The way the above hash function — SHA-256, the hash function utilized by Bitcoin — works is via an insanely complex formula involving the way light bounces off ellipses. Don't worry too much about this. The bottom line is that cryptographic hash functions are motherfucking magic and you will never fully understand them unless you are a mathematician.
How Hash Functions are Used in Blockchains
In order for the blockchain to work, it has to update itself. Like a bank, it has to keep up-to-date records of all transactions and the assets (e.g. bitcoins) that each member of the network has. It is in updating transactional information that any authenticating system opens itself up to attack. A bank mitigates this risk by having a rigid centralized hierarchy that guarantees authenticity at its own peril. So how does the blockchain manage to update itself while staying decentralized? It uses a crytpographic hash probability game called “Proof of Work.”
Cryptography Ensures Consensus
In order to continue functioning, a blockchain must create new blocks. Since blockchains are decentralized systems, new blocks must be created not by a single authenticating entity, but by the network as a whole. In order to decide what the new block looks like, the network must arrive at a consensus. To achieve this consensus, miners propose certain blocks, the blocks are verified, and, ultimately, the network chooses a single block to serve as the next portion of the ledger. However, many, many miners propose identical blocks that qualify as verified. So how is a specific block chosen to be the next in the chain?
Computers compete in a hash game. It's very simple. Basically, to win the game, a mining computer has to guess a number, called a “nonce,” which, in combination with all the previous data in the blockchain, outputs a certain hash when run through the SHA-256 hash function.
You know the hackers in the movies that use a program that guesses a million passwords a minute in order to hack a computer? It's sort of like that. All the miners in the world simultaneously run a similar guessing program searching for the correct nonce which, when added to the blockchain data and run through the SHA-256 hash function, produces a random hash that the blockchain itself has “decided” is the “solution” to the problem. The computers are, in a way, working together, as each hash that's already been guessed cannot be guessed again. The first computer to guess the correct number wins the right to create the next block, and is rewarded 12.5 bitcoins, currently worth about $50,000.
This ensures consensus and also prevents attackers from manipulating the system. Since every input results in a completely unique hash, only a certain nonce combined with the correct previously verified blockchain data will result in the hash that solves the equation. If inaccurate or fraudulent previous records are input, the correct hash cannot be guessed. In this way, cryptography makes blockchains more secure than any human-verifying bank could ever be.
However, as more and more people have dedicated more and more computer power to mining bitcoins over the years, a new problem has arisen. Innovators have designed high powered computers designed only to mine bitcoins. These computers can guess hashes many more times than an average computer, making them able to arrive at correct guesses much faster, and thus mine many more coins.
The problem with this is that, as fewer and fewer people can afford mining technology, the potential for centralization increases. Blocks are created and bitcoins are mined as soon as the solution to the next block is found. Thus, someone with resources could simply build a more powerful mining machine than anyone else, and they could mine a huge percentage of the remaining bitcoins faster than anyone else simply by guessing more guesses in shorter time.
The 10 Minute Solution
Satoshi baked in a mechanism to mitigate this problem, and it also relies on the power of hash functions. Here's how I like to think about his solution:
Imagine that your hash function outputs animals instead of strings of numbers and letters. There is an equal chance that given a random data input, the hash function will output an elephant or a monkey. Taken at random, your data is no more likely to translate to one animal than it is any other.
However, now imagine that you put certain criteria on what sort of animal your hash function must translate your data into in order to work. This affects the probability that any given data will be hashed into an animal that satisfies your criteria. The data “abc123,” for example, is more likely to output any animal (in fact it's 100% certain in this example) than it is output any biped, because there are many, many more potential guesses that qualify as any animal than they do any biped. It's even less likely to output any monkey.
The way the Bitcoin blockchain works is that the guessing game self-adjusts to always be difficult enough to be guessed by all computers on the network only every 10 minutes, no matter how powerful the guessing computers are. This means that guessing a hash and mining a block today is theoretically much more difficult than it was when Bitcoin debuted in 2009, because there are so many hyper powerful computers on the network. Indeed, it is impossible to mine a bitcoin today with an ordinary laptop, whereas in the early days of Bitcoin everyone on the network was using a standard computer.
So how does the Bitcoin protocol ensure that the guessing game gets hard enough to require approximately 10 minutes of guessing time, even by extremely powerful mining computers? Remember the monkey example. The more specific criteria put on the output of a hash function, the more guesses will have to be made in order to receive that more specific output. Instead of “right” answer being an animal (easy), biped (hard), or monkey (harder), increasingly particular criteria are put on the “right” hash string that must be guessed in order to win the game. Specifically, the game gets harder by requiring the right hash to have a certain number of zeroes at the beginning.
Think about it this way. If I ask you to guess a random three-digit number in order to receive a chocolate, you have a better probability of guessing right if the correct number is any three-digit number than it is if the correct number is any three-digit number that begins with a 0. This is difficult to wrap your mind around, but it is rooted in a mathematical law that says that there only needs to be square root of N random occurences for them to have a 50% chance of collision. It's the same math that supports the Birthday Paradox — if you have only 23 random people in a room, there is a 50% chance two of them will have the same birthday.
Unfortunately, by making the number harder and harder to guess, the Bitcoin blockchain has inevitably evolved to exclude ordinary folks from mining. But this is a fair price to pay for decentralization. Without it, one wealthy company could theoretically create an extremely powerful computer and mine all remaining bitcoins instantly.
I should note that I only (barely) understand how the Bitcoin blockchain works. Other blockchains could use cryptography entirely differently than I have described here. For example, I don't know if Proof of Stake, allegedly a more efficient improvement on Proof of Work, uses the same system.
However, as the model for all other blockchains, understanding the Bitcoin blockchain is the most important step in grasping the world of cryptocurrencies. While understanding many other aspects of blockchain is essential, conceptualizing how it uses cryptography is perhaps the most important piece of the puzzle.
NOTE: This article has been syndicated on my Urbit (click here). This is a lot more significant than it might appear. Here's why:
On my Urbit, this article is published independently and appears via a fully decentralized peer to peer network. That means that when you're reading it there, there is no central server (a la Facebook, Twitter, Medium), no centralized content management system (a la Wordpress), and no middlemen editors/managers/marketers (a la New York Times) involved. There is no third party providing or exploiting the connection between you and me, outside of Urbit's distributed network of private cloud computers operated by ordinary single users. There is of course an ISP (e.g. Time Warner) involved and a web host (DigitalOcean in this case), but both of those parties are passive, and provide the connection without any ability to own, monitor, or exploit the content therein.
Think of publishing on an Urbit like publishing on a blockchain—we are connected by a passive, non-human, decentralized network instead of an interested, human, centralized third party. Unless the way the internet works changes drastically, no institution currently possesses ability to censor our connection.
Decentralized publishing platforms will hopefully soon begin implementing Bitcoin/cryptocurrency-based micropayment systems, meaning that you will be able to pay me something like 1 cent per article, cutting out middlemen altogether.
English | 中文 | Español
Results Summary
November 8, 2011 - Consolidated Municipal Election Why Election Results Change After Election Night
At the end of Election Night, the Department of Elections reports results from all polling places. However, there are ballots that cannot be processed on Election Night, including vote-by-mail ballots that the Department of Elections receives on Election Day, provisional ballots that are cast at polling places, and ballots with write-in votes. In general, it takes the Department two weeks or more to process these ballots. Each afternoon after Election Day the Department will release a cumulative report that includes provisional and vote-by-mail ballots processed that day. All aspects of the election process are open to public view, so candidates, members of the media and the public may observe signature verification and processing of provisional and vote-by-mail ballots and write-in votes. Official Statement of Votes (XLS)
Official Statement of Votes (PDF)
Neighborhood and District Statement of Votes(PDF)
Neighborhood Turnout (XLS)
Neighborhood Turnout (PDF)
Official RCV Results
Mayor
District Attorney
Sheriff
Total Registration and Turnout
District Attorney Votes Percent 76043 41.5% 43319 23.64% 37854 20.66% 19172 10.46% 6567 3.58% 283 0.15%
Sheriff Votes Percent 70204 38.4% 51410 28.12% 49631 27.15% 11274 6.17% 287 0.16%
Mayor Votes Percent 59663 30.72% 37395 19.25% 21882 11.27% 17893 9.21% 14566 7.5% 12515 6.44% 9193 4.73% 6914 3.56% 6620 3.41% 3096 1.59% 1662 0.86% 1013 0.52% 532 0.27% 440 0.23% 377 0.19% 247 0.13% 165 0.08% 9 0% 9 0% 7 0% 5 0% 3 0% 3 0% 2 0% 0 0%
Measure A - School Bonds Shall San Francisco Unified School District repair and rehabilitate facilities to current accessibility, health, safety and instructional standards, replace wornout plumbing, electrical and other major building systems, replace aging heating, ventilation and air handling systems, renovate outdated classrooms and training facilities, construct facilities to replace aging modular classrooms, by issuing bonds in an amount not to exceed $531,000,000, at legal interest rates, with guaranteed annual audits, citizens' oversight and no money for school administrators' salaries? Votes Percent 134751 71.11% 54754 28.89% This measure requires 55% affirmative votes to pass.
Measure B - Road Repaving and Street Safety Bonds SAN FRANCISCO ROAD REPAVING AND STREET SAFETY BOND, 2011. To fix potholes and repave deteriorating streets in neighborhoods throughout San Francisco, repair and strengthen deteriorating stairways, bridges and overpasses, improve safety for pedestrians and bicyclists, improve disabled access to sidewalks, and construct and renovate traffic infrastructure to improve Municipal Transportation Agency transit reliability and traffic flow on local streets, shall the City and County of San Francisco issue $248,000,000 in general obligation bonds subject to independent oversight and regular audits? Votes Percent 129175 68.02% 60741 31.98% This measure requires 66⅔% affirmative votes to pass.
Measure C - City Pension and Health Care Benefits Shall the City amend its Charter to adjust pension contribution rates for most current and future City employees based on the City's costs; reduce pension benefits for future City employees; limit cost-of-living adjustments to pension benefits; decrease City contributions to retiree health care costs for certain former employees; require all current and future employees to contribute toward their retiree health care costs; change the composition and voting requirements of the Health Service Board; and make other changes to the City's retirement and health benefits systems? Votes Percent 129554 68.91% 58460 31.09% This measure requires 50%+1 affirmative votes to pass.
Measure D - City Pension Benefits Shall the City amend its Charter to increase pension contribution rates for most current City employees based on the City's costs; reduce contribution rates and pension benefits for most future City employees; limit cost-of-living adjustments to pension benefits; prohibit the City from picking up any employee's contribution for pension benefits; and make other changes to the City's retirement system? Votes Percent 124051 66.55% 62358 33.45% This measure requires 50%+1 affirmative votes to pass.
Measure E - Amending or Repealing Legislative Initiative Ordinances and Declarations of Policy Shall the City amend its Charter to allow the Board of Supervisors and the Mayor to amend or repeal initiative ordinances and declarations of policy that the Board of Supervisors or the Mayor place on the ballot and that the voters approve after January 1, 2012? Votes Percent 121248 67.13% 59369 32.87% This measure requires 50%+1 affirmative votes to pass.
Measure F - Campaign Consultant Ordinance Shall the City amend its campaign consultant ordinance to redefine "campaign consultant;" require campaign consultants to file monthly reports; authorize the City's Ethics Commission to require electronic filing instead of paper reports; change the calculation of City fees campaign consultants must pay; and allow the City to change any of the ordinance's requirements without further voter approval while still permitting voters to make additional changes? Votes Percent 98800 56.12% 77259 43.88% This measure requires 50%+1 affirmative votes to pass.
Measure G - Sales Tax Shall the City increase its local sales tax by 0.50% for up to 10 years to fund public safety programs and programs for children and seniors, unless the State increases its sales tax by either 1.0% before November 30, 2011 or 0.75% before January 1, 2016? Votes Percent 100506 53.87% 86075 46.13% This measure requires 66⅔% affirmative votes to pass.
Measure H - School District Student Assignment Shall it be City policy to encourage the San Francisco Unified School District to change its student assignment system so that it places the highest priority on assigning each student to the school closest to home, after placing siblings in the same school? Votes Percent 91678 50.04% 91525 49.96% This measure requires 50%+1 affirmative votes to pass.
In what may be the most unexpected rumor of the year, Microsoft is reportedly close to completing a deal that will see it acquire Mojang AB, better known as the studio that makes Minecraft .
The story comes out of the Wall Street Journal , which quotes "a person with knowledge of the matter" saying that the deal is near completion. The source claims that the deal could be signed this week and will be worth more than $2 billion when it's completed.
The report is particularly extraordinary given Minecraft creator and Mojang founder Markus "Notch" Persson's notorious commitment to independence, exemplified by his decision to pull the plug on the development of an Oculus Rift version of Minecraft when Oculus VR was acquired by Facebook. But even more to the point is the question of how this acquisition could possibly benefit Microsoft. Minecraft is hugely popular but it's also hugely cross-platform—the PlayStation 4 version launched less than a week ago, and the PS Vita edition is scheduled for November. Mojang's other game, the collectible card-based Scrolls, has not been as popular as Minecraft.
We've reached out to Mojang for comment and will update if and when we receive a response. In the meantime, why don't you go have a look at Notch's rig ?
Eidos Montreal says Deus Ex bosses were a 'weakness' Deus Ex: Human Revolution producer David Anfossi has admitted that the boss sequences in the Eidos Montreal-developed title were a misstep, noting: "We knew that would be a weakness for the game."
Deus Ex: Human Revolution producer David Anfossi has admitted that the boss sequences in the Eidos Montreal-developed title were a misstep, noting: "We knew that would be a weakness for the game."
Eidos Montreal outsourced the boss battles to crowd AI specialist Grip Entertainment; however, Anfossi says blame for the issues surrounding sequences should be put on Eidos Montreal alone.
"The problem was not the supplier, it was what we did with them," Anfossi told Edge at this week's Montreal International Game Summit "The boss fights were too much for the team to do internally in the time we had. We totally underestimated the effort to do that correctly. We had to work with an external supplier with that, but the design and everything is from the team at Eidos Montreal.
The producer went on say Eidos Montreal was forced to "make a compromise" in two ways: forcing the fights, which is "not the Deus Ex experience"; and not offering a "mix [of] solutions to tackle the boss fights," another ideal that goes against what Deus Ex is known for.
"It has been a nightmare, to be honest," Anfossi said. "We started from scratch. From recruitment to release date, it's been a nightmare."
Beyond that issue, which we stated was a hindrance to our overall enjoyable experience in the review for Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Anfossi says he is proud of the what his team was able to achieve. "It took us two years to do it," he said. "At the end I'm very proud of that, the stealth, hacking, social and combat within the game--it's well done, I think. I'm very proud of that because it's difficult to do."
If he had to do it all again, Anfossi wouldn't remove the boss sequences from Deus Ex: Human Revolution, but he says the team would do them correctly. "I'm pretty sure that now we have the knowledge to do it correctly," he added.
We'd like to thank everyone who has supported this proposal and everyone who will in the future! We are so grateful to see support being garnered across the FIRST community and here on LEGO Ideas. If you like the idea of LEGO STRONGHOLD, we'd appreciate if you could share the project's link. We believe that together we can get this set approved!
Originally, we wanted to propose two stand-alone sets: Blue Alliance and Red Alliance. However, plans change, and we are now proposing that this set include a few extra pieces that will allow it to be converted into the Red Alliance side of the field. This could be achieved in a similar way as to how the LEGO set for the Back to the Future Delorean includes parts to make the car unique to each of the 3 movies.
This set will now additionally include: the remaining 3 mock robots from the game reveal video, 9 more boulders, a minifigure of FIRST co-founder Woodie Flowers, and all of the field pieces, which are currently blue, such as standards, in red. If someone would like to build a full field of play, they'd be able to purchase two of the sets, an investment we believe many would be willing to make.
On one of the many social media platforms we've been frequenting, a supporter reached out to us with a concern about how we plan to market this set to the greater LEGO community. They asked, “Why would a non-FIRST customer want to buy LEGO STRONGHOLD? Could any 6-10 year old kid be interested in it?” We appreciate all questions and concerns, and we encourage every viewer to please let us know if they have any of their own.
Our response to this previous supporter's question can be read below:
“Hi, on LEGO Ideas, I'm the Brick Engineer. I was an FRC student through high school and currently mentor the team I was on, when I'm not volunteering in the FLL. I've also been a member on LEGO Cuusoo and have spent a long time trying to think of an idea that meets LEGO's target audiences.
I chose LEGO STRONGHOLD to bring both current FIRST students and mentors to and, in many cases, back to LEGO, where there is already a strong partnership with FIRST. This should make 3rd party protected information less of a barrier in the set's distribution.
My collaborative partner on this set, RoboEmmy, and I believe that, in this case, it's okay that the set targets people who already know FRC.When you take a look at other successful LEGO sets, many of the themes are based on movies and TV shows, such as Star Wars, Doctor Who, the Simpsons, the Big Bang Theory, and Back to the Future, which would only appeal to their respective, established fans. Some of these very sets were created through the Cuusoo or LEGO Ideas programs.
While the previously mentioned pop culture themes may have larger current audiences than FIRST, I don't think the set is niche, especially for children aged 6-10. Both FIRST and LEGO foster creativity. Kids will love LEGO STRONGHOLD, because it will allow them not only to build the set and model robots but, also, to use their own pieces and imaginations to build a LEGO robot, one better than those provided.
These kids, while exercising their own potentials and creativities, would have exposure to FIRST and could then actively seek teams and competitions, starting with FLL and moving up. This will inspire.
FIRST and its fans are the perfect pathway to the set's immediate market and to advertise the set to a more general audience, and, in return, LEGO is the perfect pathway for spreading the excitement and positivity of FIRST. RoboEmmy and I believe LEGO STRONGHOLD could be, in this way, prime in its mutual beneficence of FIRST and LEGO, as huge general audience potential is not far from reach.”
Thanks for reading. We'd like to end this update by thanking all of those supporting and spreading LEGO STRONGHOLD one more time. Additionally, we'd like to wish any FIRST teams currently competing, no matter the competition, good luck! Stay tuned for more updates.
Kurdish President Barzani To Step Down Amid Fallout From Independence Vote
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris McGrath/Getty Images Chris McGrath/Getty Images
Just over a month since Iraq's Kurdish north voted to declare independence, setting in motion a disastrous series of events for the region, Kurdish President Masoud Barzani has told local lawmakers he intends to step down.
"I refuse to continue in the position of president of the region after November 1," Barzani said in a letter delivered to the regional Parliament, according to Reuters. "I will continue serving Kurdistan as a Peshmerga [Kurdish soldier]."
It will now fall to local lawmakers — who approved Barzani's resignation Sunday — to determine how to redistribute his authorities after his term expires Wednesday. As NPR's Jane Arraf notes, elections were originally scheduled for that date but were delayed until next year amid the recent turmoil.
Barzani's controversial decision stands in the long shadow of the nonbinding referendum held late last month, in which members of the Kurdish ethnic minority voted overwhelmingly to secede from Iraq. Despite Kurds' relative autonomy within the country — and despite strong warning against holding the referendum at all, both from Baghdad and allies such as the U.S. — Barzani promised at the time that "we are ready to pay any price for our independence."
Indeed, that referendum has proven costly.
Not long after the vote was held, Iraqi forces pushed into Kirkuk, reclaiming the oil-rich city that Kurds had controlled since 2014. Baghdad also sought to isolate Kurdish leadership by closing international airspace and seizing other major oilfields in the region. Taken together, the moves turned off "overnight more than half the Kurdish region's revenues and [left] it with little hand to play in negotiations," according to The Guardian.
Despite the troubles of recent weeks, Barzani has long enjoyed the stature of a "father figure" among his supporters, as Jane puts it. He has served as the region's president since 2005 — but the 73-year-old played a prominent role in Kurdish politics for decades before that, as leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party his father helped establish.
The news of his resignation was not received entirely peacefully Sunday, as Jane pointed out on Weekend Edition:
Enlarge this image toggle caption Safin Hamed/AFP/Getty Images Safin Hamed/AFP/Getty Images
"There was basically a shoving match outside of Parliament. Now, it was declared a closed session so journalists weren't allowed inside — but one of the opposition parliamentarians came out, and some of the party journalists loyal to Barzani decided that [the parliamentarian] was being disrespectful. And they started shoving, and he retreated indoors."
Even as the end of Barzani's tenure approaches, his similarly pugilistic tone in a televised speech Sunday made clear he's likely to remain a major voice in Kurdish politics — and a major voice in defense of independence.
"Three million votes for Kurdistan independence created history and cannot be erased," he said Sunday, as Reuters reports. "Nobody stood up with us other than our mountains."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CORRECTION: This story has been amended after NYPD officials denied a report, based on sources, that there was a "credible threat."
NEW YORK – New York City police officers were reminded Tuesday in a memo to be on heightened alert ahead of the especially busy holiday season when tourists flock to the Big Apple, law enforcement sources told PIX11 News Tuesday.
Separately, a federal law enforcement source told PIX11 of a possible threat that could face any one of several major U.S. cities. Few details were released about the nature of the threat.
NYPD officials told PIX11 after the release of this report that there is no specific "credible threat," as the earlier version of this report, based on sources, had stated.
Top NYPD brass including Commissioner William Bratton held an emergency meeting Tuesday to discuss the need for increased vigilance, sources said.
All New York City police officers received a bulletin Tuesday afternoon outlining the department's tactical plan and warning officers to stay vigilant, according to sources. That internal memo mentioned social media being used as a tactic and that a possible attack could come without warning.
Expect to see increased police presence at iconic locations across multiple boroughs, including Times Square, St. Patrick's Cathedral for Midnight Mass on Thursday, and Barclays Center in Brooklyn, marking the first time a threat has sparked a swell of police presence in a borough other than Manhattan.
This comes exactly one week after a menacing email was sent to public school districts in New York and Los Angeles. That “specific” message, which Bratton said contained outlandish threats that mirrored recent episodes of the show “Homeland,” sparked the total closure of Los Angeles schools. Officials in New York determined the emailed threat was a hoax.
Still, New York City has been on high alert since the Nov. 13 terror attacks in Paris that killed 130 victims and injured hundreds more in a calculated assault executed by three teams of three assailants each, armed with explosive vests, belts and assault rifles. ISIS took responsibility for the carnage.
After the Paris attack, a video released by the terror group surfaced showing several scenes in New York City, including Times Square, a GAP in Herald Square, T.G.I. Friday's and yellow taxi cabs on city streets.
At the time, Bratton and Mayor Bill de Blasio said there was no new or credible threat against the city but urged residents and visitors alike to be vigilant and report suspicious activity.
Then, on Dec. 2, a married couple unleashed a terror attack at a facility for individuals with developmental disabilities in San Bernardino, Calif., stoking the fear of terror attacks happening on U.S. soil.
Armed with multiple assault rifles, Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik burst into a conference room at Inland Regional Center and opened fire. In all, 14 people were killed, ranging in age from 26 to 60, and 21 victims were hurt. The suspects were shot dead when they tried to take on dozens of police officers as they fled in a black SUV.
FBI investigators said Farook and Malik had been “radicalized for some time” but said they likely were not directed by ISIS to carry out the attack.
Any suspicious behavior should be reported to the nearest police officer, by calling 911 or 1-888-NYC-SAFE.
Tips can also be submitted via the app “See Say,” which lets users send a photo or message of any suspicious activity they see to the New York State Intelligence Center. Officials will then review the tip and if it's a major threat, will call in additional law enforcement.
The app doesn't replace the 911 system, but rather is another way citizens can help prevent a potentially deadly attack.
PIX11 News' Doug Kahn contributed to this report.
Not really feeling it.
Before playing the demo at PAX East, I was so sure that Xenoblade Chronicles 3D was a day one purchase. Not only did I love the heck out of it when I first played, but I was looking forward to the novelty of owning a game exclusively on New 3DS. Now that I have tried the demo, I don't know if I'm as excited anymore.
Monster Games, who did the competent 2013 port of Donkey Kong Country Returns on 3DS, came back to do this version of Xenoblade. If you remember playing Donkey Kong on 3DS, you'll remember the game's worst problem: it looked awful. Especially on 3DS XL, the textures looked bad and jaggies were rampant in what was otherwise a beautiful game. Monster Games made the game run well, but they made it look really ugly too.
This is my biggest issue with Xenoblade Chronicles 3D, which as I noted in my review, wasn't the most technically beautiful game to begin with (despite having an otherwise wonderful art design, like Donkey Kong). Don't get me wrong – the fact that the game looks as bad as it does is surely the reason why the draw distance is good and there is so little slowdown during combat. Unfortunately, on New 3DS XL (the only way to play this game in North America), the faces look unrecognizable from all but the most zoomed angles, the character models look lifeless, the world is so stuffed with jaggies that it has none of the life it used to, and nothing of scale seems as impressive anymore. It simply didn't feel like the same world I got entrenched in three years ago.
The game still controls fine on the New 3DS, the combat is still excellent, and nearly every other aspect of the game is intact (see our other previews for more on that). Even if this is the case, and even if this issue does seem like a huge nitpick, I don't think I want to deal with a game that looks this bad for another 60 hours, let alone the 100-150+ some others have spent.
If you've never played the Wii game or now have no other means to play it, I'm sure there is still plenty to love. But for me, outside of the fact that setting up to play a Wii game is kind of a pain, why wouldn't I go back to the vastly better-looking original version on a larger screen with better control options and (almost) identical content?
Of course, the answer is that I have no self-restraint, so I'll likely buy this anyways the day it comes out then beat it again. But man oh man, it'll be a bummer to look at the whole way through.
On Tuesday, only NBC's Today covered Israel's heavy criticism of the Obama administration's effort to push a Hamas-backed cease-fire plan in Gaza. At the top of the broadcast, co-host Savannah Guthrie proclaimed: "...the Obama administration goes on the defensive after Israeli media rip John Kerry's efforts to make peace." [Listen to the audio or watch the video after the jump]
In the report that followed, correspondent Kate Snow observed: "The public and the press seem to have turned on Kerry. Take a look at the headline in this morning's paper. 'Obama and Kerry,' it says, 'are playing with fire.'"
While both ABC's Good Morning America and CBS This Morning covered the ongoing conflict on Tuesday, neither mentioned Kerry's huge diplomatic failure.
On Today, Snow explained:
Kerry's been soundly criticized in the Israeli media for the way he pushed for a cease-fire. A columnist for the liberal newspaper Haaretz said senior government officials in Jerusalem described Kerry's cease-fire proposal as a strategic terrorist attack....One paper called Kerry a "nudnik."
A sound bite ran of one Israeli defining the term: "A nudnik is somebody coming again and again and again and doesn't do much." Merriam-Webster describes "a person who is a bore or nuisance."
Snow remarked that "The coffee crowd in Tel Aviv thinks Kerry is out of his league."
Wrapping up the segment, she noted: "Now back in Washington there is concern that all of this bad talk about John Kerry is going to effect his ability to get anything done over here as a mediator."
Ironically, on Monday, chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel worried that Hamas would get "nothing" from a cease-fire deal.
Here is a full transcript of the July 29 report:
From A is for Alternative Currency to Z is for Zero-Confirmation Transaction, iPad app explains cryptocurrency to kids
Teaching children the A to Z of bitcoin? There's an app for that
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are still a mystery to most adults, so teaching children how they work may seem a strange ambition.
Nevertheless, that's the aim of a new app, The Bitcoin Alphabet – for Kids and Everyone Else, released for Apple's iPad tablet this week by author Chris Bozak and publisher iKandy.
The app is a mixture of illustrations and text explanations in plain English, and as its title makes clear, it has an eye on parents who don't know their blockchains from their hash rates, as well as their children.
It's a no-frills affair, without the voice narration or interactivity that have become standard features in book-apps for children. On the plus side, it does have a jazzy soundtrack.
"This is a movement that forces the world to re-learn all that we thought we knew about money – and more importantly – your money," writes Bozak in the introduction.
"This book is for those of you, young and old, who have not yet gone down this wonderfully inevitable rabbit hole. My hope is that it whets your appetite to learn more."
iKandy is selling the app for £1.99 on iPad's App Store – the equivalent of 0.01 bitcoins, although you'd be advised to check those maths with a passing child.
The Bitcoin Alphabet joins other iKandy apps on Apple's store including Jake the Juggling Octopus, Skate Punk Bird Massacre and Snowboard Penguin Smackdown.
iKandy is also responsible for Twenty Pussies – an app about cartoon cats – with this Apple-baiting App Store listing: "Who says you can't get pussies on the Apple iTunes store? Apple now carries shaved pussies, expensive pussies, wet pussies, hot pussies, tight pussies, sick pussies, hairy pussies and many more."
Suffice to say, all-ages cryptocurrency education is likely to be a safer bet in the apps world than laboured vagina/cat japes. Or, at least, so you'd hope.
• Bitcoin made simple – video animation
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Sixteen years ago, Barbara Lee cast a lonely vote against an ill-defined and open-ended authorization of the use of military force to respond to the September 11, 2001, attacks. The Democratic congresswoman from California warned then that the so-called Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists “AUMF” could be used by the Bush-Cheney administration (and by future administrations) to maintain unending warfare without constitutionally adequate approval from Congress. A lot of Americans agreed; they displayed posters reading “Barbara Lee Speaks for Me.” Ad Policy
But Lee did not speak for Congress. Despite her repeated warnings, the AUMF became a blank check for military interventions and bombing raids that had little or nothing to do with the September 11 attacks.
Lee pointed out the absurdity of the ever-expanding use of the AUMF. And she pleaded with her fellow House members and senators to repeal the 2001 AUMF. Republicans and Democrats refused. Until now.
On Thursday, the House Appropriations Committee approved Lee's amendment to repeal the 2001 AUMF 240 days after enactment of the Department of Defense Appropriations bill. With the vote, Lee celebrated a remarkable accomplishment—not just for herself but for the cause of restraint and reason when it comes to matters of war and people. Congresswoman Barbara Lee wants Congress to respect its Constitutional duty and debate issues of war and peace.
“At long last, I am pleased that my Democratic and Republican colleagues supported my effort to put an end to the overly broad blank check for war that is the 2001 AUMF,” declared Lee. “If passed into law as part of the DOD bill, it would repeal the 2001 AUMF eight months after enactment of this legislation. That would allow plenty of time for Congress to finally live up to its constitutional obligation to debate and vote on any new AUMF.”
Peace groups hailed the development, and recognized the vital importance of Lee's long and, until recently, lonely struggle to take up the specific issue of the endless AUMF and the broader issue of congressional oversight of the executive branch and military operations.
“The 2001 AUMF is the reason the U.S. has been involved in military campaigns in at least seven countries. It's the reason we've allowed the war in Afghanistan to become America's longest war. It's the reason a whole generation has grown up not knowing a time without war,” explained Peace Action Executive Director Jon Rainwater. “Representative Lee has championed opposition to endless war brought on by the 2001 AUMF since day one with her sole vote to oppose it. The adoption of her amendment to repeal it gives Congress a chance to reclaim its constitutional role as an arbiter of war and peace.”
“This,” declared Rainwater, “is an opportunity to course correct after a decade and a half of failed US policy in the Middle East. We cannot afford to let it slip through our fingers.” Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
The concern that the opportunity could be lost remains real. Appropriations bills are subject to intense lobbying and they go through dramatic changes. So antiwar activists must remain loud and vigilant in their support for the amendment.
One thing is certain Barbara Lee will keep speaking. “It is far past time for Congress to do its job and for the Speaker to allow a debate and vote on this vital national security issue,” the congresswoman says. “I am glad that this amendment passed in a bipartisan manner and I look forward to continuing to work to finally have the debate and vote that our service members and our nation deserves.”
Parasitic wasps turn spiders into zombie construction workers.
The wasp Reclinervellus nielseni manipulates a spider's web-building habits to get a custom-built nursery, Japanese researchers reportin the Aug. 5 Journal of Experimental Biology. In lab observations, the researchers discovered that wasp larvae compel Cyclosa argenteoalba spiders to build webs that resemble those that the spiders use to protect themselves while shedding their exoskeletons.
The spiders build delicate round webs to catch prey. But that changes after an adult R. nielseni wasp stings a spider, paralyzing its victim long enough to lay a single egg on the spider's body. When the wasp larva hatches, it hijacks the spider's behavior — maybe through a bite that delivers a chemical cocktail resembling the spider's natural molting hormones. The spider then begins building
So far I posted images consisting in color encoded representations of the following complex functions:
Riemann zeta function, 2 images: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_zeta_function.
Jacobi elliptic functions, 4 images: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacobi_elliptic_functions
Complex Fresnel integrals S(z), and C(z), 2 images: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fresnel_integral
Hurwitz zeta function, 3 images: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hurwitz_zeta_function
Dirichlet eta function https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirichlet_eta_function
Gamma function, 3 images: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamma_function
Digamma function, 2 images: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digamma_function
Trigamma function http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trigamma_function
Rogers-Ramanujan continued fraction, 2 images: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rogers%E2%80%93Ramanujan_continued_fraction
All above Wikipedia destinated plots, except for the last one, are based on evaluations of the special functions provided by the Python library mpmath ( zeta , altzeta , hurwitz , fresnels , fresnelc , dirichlet , kleinj or Jacobi elliptic functions ellipfun of kind sn , cn , dn ).
In a previous IPython Notebook are defined the Python color functions used by mpmath.cplot to generate different domain coloring type representation of these special functions.
The last plot for Wikipedia, with a slightly different approach, is the Rogers-Ramanujan continued fraction.
We've known for the better part of the year that GoPro was working on a consumer-oriented, camera-equipped drone. Now, the company has made it official and even given it a name: Karma. Outside of a forecasted 2016 launch date, however, not much else is known about GoPro's first camera drone.
Way back in May, GoPro CEO Nick Woodman revealed that his company was developing a quadcopter that would serve as their entry into the rapidly expanding (and profitable) drone market. In October, GoPro teased us with some footage captured using a developmental prototype drone and stabilization system - the same footage used in its official announcement.
GoPro electing to go with the name Karma may be a subtle jab at drone titan DJI.
In an interview with Forbes several months back, DJI CEO Frank Wang said the two companies initially wanted to work together on a product that GoPro would sell. The problem, according to Wang, is that GoPro dealt with DJI as it did with Taiwanese OEMs (I assume that's disrespectfully).
GoPro allegedly wanted two points of profit to DJI's one while Wang believed it should be the other way around. Ultimately, the two decided not to partner on the venture. Naming its first drone Karma could be GoPro's way of rubbing it in DJI's face that they made it without their help.
Last we heard, the GoPro drone would retail for between $500 and $1,000 when it goes on sale next year.
Origins of happiness: Evidence and policy implications
Andrew Clark, Sarah Fleche, Richard Layard, Nattavudh Powdthavee, George Ward
Understanding the key determinants of people's life satisfaction will suggest policies for how best to reduce misery and promote wellbeing. This column discusses evidence from survey data on Australia, Britain, Germany, and the US which indicate that the things that matter most are people's social relationships and their mental and physical health; and that the best predictor of an adult's life satisfaction is their emotional health as a child. The authors call for a new focus for public policy: not ‘wealth creation' but ‘wellbeing creation'.
In 1961, the OECD organised a conference on human capital that propelled education into the centre of policy-making worldwide (OECD 1962, Schultz 1961). This month, the OECD and the London School of Economics (LSE) are holding a conference on subjective wellbeing that they hope will usher in another revolution – where policymaking at last aims at what really matters: the happiness of the people.
As Thomas Jefferson once said, “The care of human life and happiness… is the only legitimate object of good government”. But to make policy requires numbers. Human capital took off once people realised its high rate of return. Wellbeing will only take off when policymakers have numbers that tell them how any change of policy will affect the measured wellbeing of the people, and at what cost.
Key determinants of wellbeing
The first step is a clear unified account of how wellbeing is currently determined. Our book, the first draft of which will be presented as the conference, aims to provide this, using large surveys from four major advanced countries (Clark et al, forthcoming).
One key issue is to adopt a single definition of wellbeing. The right definition, in our view, should be life satisfaction: “Overall how satisfied are you with your life, these days?”, measured on a scale of 0 to 10 (from “extremely dissatisfied” to “extremely satisfied”). That is a profoundly democratic concept because it allows people to evaluate their own wellbeing rather than have policymakers deciding what is more important for them and what is less so.
Moreover, policymakers like the concept – and so they should. Work in our group at LSE shows that in European elections since 1970 the life satisfaction of the people is the best predictor of whether the government gets re-elected – much more important than economic growth, unemployment or inflation (see Table 1).
Table 1. Factors explaining existing government's vote share
Notes: Eurobarometer data on life satisfaction and standard election data for most European countries since the 1970s.
Source: Ward (2015).
So the task is to explain how all the different factors affect our life satisfaction, entering them all simultaneously in the same equation. There are of course immediate influences (our current situation) but also more distant ones going back to our childhood, schooling and family background. Figure 1 gives a stylised version of how our life satisfaction as an adult is determined.
Figure 1. Determinants of adult life satisfaction
We can start with the immediate causes, as shown in Table 2. The first column measures how far different factors can explain the wide dispersion of life satisfaction in the population. As can be seen, the big factors are all non-economic (whether someone is partnered, and especially how healthy they are). The partial correlation coefficient on income is 0.09, which means that less than 1% of the variance of life satisfaction is explained by income inequality.
Table 2. Explaining the variation of life satisfaction and of misery among adults
(partial correlation coefficients)
Notes: Data mostly from the British Household Panel Survey (BHPS), using pooled cross-sections. The non-criminality result comes from the British Cohort Study using arrest data up to age 34. The mental health result comes from cross-sectional analysis of the Household, Income and Labour Dynamics in Australia (HILDA) and the US Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), which both give very similar results.
An obvious question is: do economic factors play a bigger role if we focus only on those who are least happy (the bottom 10% of the population in terms of life satisfaction)? We investigate this in the second column of Table 2, which explains whether somebody has as little life satisfaction as the lowest 10% of the population. The results are almost the same as before.
The misery caused by mental illness
When we ask what distinguishes Les Misérables from the rest, the biggest distinguishing feature (other things equal) is neither poverty nor unemployment but mental illness. And it explains more of the misery in the community than physical illness does.
Watch Richard Layard explain why treating mental illnesses should be on the public agenda in the video below
In fact, it is interesting to ask: “If we wanted to reduce the numbers in misery, what change would have the biggest effect?” This is addressed in Table 3 – if we could abolish depression and anxiety, it would reduce misery by as much as if we could abolish all poverty, unemployment and the worst physical illness.
Table 3. What would most reduce the percentage of people in misery (ceteris paribus)?
Notes: Data mostly from the BHPS except for depression. Total in misery is 10 percentage points.
Except for poverty, we cannot of course completely abolish any of these things, but we can reduce them all at the margin – and at a cost. So Table 4 estimates very roughly the average cost of reducing the numbers in misery by one person, through different policies.
Table 4. Average cost of reducing the numbers in poverty, by one person
As Table 4 shows, it costs money to reduce misery, but the cheapest of the four policies is treating depression and anxiety disorders. This is why the Centre for Economic Performance at LSE has been involved in two major mental health initiatives.
Since 2008, Britain's National Health Service has developed a nationwide service with different local names but known generically as Improving Access to Psychological Therapies (IAPT). This programme now treats over half a million people with depression or anxiety disorders annually, of whom 50% recover during treatment. Because of financial flowbacks, we believe it in fact costs the government nothing, so that the cost shown in Table 4 is an exaggeration (Layard and Clark 2014).
In addition, we should try to prevent mental illness before it occurs, so a second initiative is preventive – a four-year curriculum called Healthy Minds, one lesson a week. This too has very low costs since children are already spending an hour a week on life skills lessons of unknown, but probably, low effectiveness.
Children's development and adult life satisfaction
The importance of prevention becomes even more evident if we revert to the life course diagram with which we started and try to predict adult life satisfaction from earlier in a person's life, from their child development – their academic qualifications, their behaviour at 16 and their emotional health at 16. Figure 2 shows the relevant partial correlation coefficients.
The best predictor of an adult's life satisfaction is their emotional health as a child. How on earth did so many policymakers come to believe that qualifications were the be-all and end-all – ‘in the interests of the child'?
Figure 2. How adults' life satisfaction is affected by different aspects of their development as children (partial correlation coefficients)
Notes: British Cohort Study data. Intellectual performance is the highest qualification. Behaviour at 16 as reported by the mother and emotional health at 16 as reported by mother and child.
What influences children's emotional health
The final step in our book is the explanation of these child outcomes, using data from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC), which has surveyed children born in and around the city of Bristol in 1991/92. This is shown in Table 5.
Academic performance is the outcome on which most existing research has focused, and it is profoundly affected by family income. But the emotional health of the child is the best measure of the wellbeing of the child, and it is also (as we have seen) the biggest determinant of the wellbeing of the future adult. It is affected to some extent also by family income but above all by the mother's mental health. The same is true of the child's behaviour – which also affects the wellbeing of so many other people.
Table 5. How child outcomes at 5, 11 and 16 (averaged) are affected by different factors
(ALSPAC data, partial correlation coefficients)
What about the effect of schools? In the 1960s, the Coleman Report in the US told us that parents mattered more than schools. Since then the tide of opinion has turned. Our data strongly confirm the importance of the individual school and the individual teacher. This applies equally to the academic performance of the pupils and to their happiness.
So in Figure 3, we look at the emotional wellbeing of children at 16 and show how it is explained. The top bar shows the combined effect of all observed family factors (treated as a single weighted variable). The next bar shows the enduring effect of the primary school a child went to (again a single aggregate of dummy variables) and the last is the effect of secondary schools. Schools really matter.
Figure 3. How child emotional wellbeing at 16 is affected by family and schooling (ALSPAC data)
Source: Flèche (2016).
Income and happiness
Let us end with the thorny question of income. As we have seen, income inequality explains a very small fraction (under 2% in any country) of the variance of life satisfaction. But the effect of log income is well determined, and similar in all countries. One would therefore have expected economic growth to bring considerable increases in life satisfaction. But in many countries, it has not – the so-called ‘Easterlin paradox' (Easterlin 1974). This is illustrated for our four countries in Figure 4.
Our analysis provides an explanation of this. People adapt to higher levels of income over time, but much more importantly, they also compare their own income to that of their peers. Using the BHPS, we find that life satisfaction (0-10) is predicted mainly by an individual's income relative to that of others in their peer group as defined by age, gender and region. The same is true in Australia and Germany.
Figure 4. Average income and wellbeing over time
Notes: Data from Britain/BHPS; Germany/Socio-economic Panel (SOEP); Australia/HILDA; US/General Social Survey.
Happiness and policy analysis
At last the map of happiness is becoming clearer and usable for policy analysis. We now need thousands of well-controlled trials of specific policies from which we can obtain estimates of the effects on life satisfaction in the near and longer term (where our book can contribute valuable coefficients). We can then compare those gains to the net cost of the policies. The optimal mix will surely be very different from the one we have now.
Authors' note: We are extremely grateful to all survey organisations, their staff and their respondents for access to their data. The Conference on 12-13 December 2016 is jointly organised by the OECD, the Centre for Economic Performance at LSE and the CEPREMAP Wellbeing Observatory of the Paris School of Economics, in conjunction with the What Works Centre for Wellbeing.
References
Clark, A E, S Flèche, R Layard, N Powdthavee and G Ward (forthcoming), The Origins of Happiness, Princeton University Press.
Easterlin, R A (1974), ‘Does Economic Growth Improve the Human Lot? Some Empirical Evidence', in R David and M Reder (eds), Nations and Households in Economic Growth: Essays in Honor of Moses Abramovitz, New York: Academic Press: 89–125.
Flèche, S (2016), ‘Teacher Quality, Test Scores and Non-Cognitive Skills: Evidence from Primary School Teachers in the UK', CEP mimeo.
Layard, R and D M Clark (2014), Thrive: The Power of Evidence-based Psychological Therapies, London: Penguin.
OECD (1962), ‘Policy Conference on Economic Growth and Investment in Education, Washington, 16th-20th October 1961: Targets for Education in Europe in 1970', paper by I Svennilson in association with F Edding and L Elvin.
Schultz, T W (1961), ‘Investment in Human Capital', American Economic Review 51(1): 1-17.
Ward, G (2015), ‘Is Happiness a Predictor of Election Results?', Centre for Economic Performance Discussion Paper No 1343, LSE.
International mergers and acquisitions may not be your thing, but if you drink whiskey (and especially if you drink whisky) Diageo's successful bid on June 18 to purchase a majority share in the Indian company United Spirits is a huge deal. Not so much because you are likely to start drinking Indian spirits in the near future, as because your favorite brands may be getting more expensive as they are introduced to the gigantic Indian market.
The key to understanding this deal is that as Roberto Ferdman pointed out in January, India is about half the world's whiskey market by volume:
But even though Indians are drinking all this whiskey, they aren't a big factor in the whiskey market outside the United States. That's because Indian whiskey consumption is overwhelmingly derived from domestic brands — with United Spirits brands leading the way — that are not popular internationally.
One reason Indian whiskeys aren't a big deal in the global marketplace is that by American or European standards they're not even whiskey at all. Typical Indian whiskies are produced with methods that involve molasses, neutral alcohol, and limited aging. Which is to say they're more like what we would call rum, even though the brands are often given Scotland-themed names like the popular McDowell's No. 1 Reserve.
The big advantage of this rum-esque production process is that it's a lot cheaper, and as India is a lot poorer than the United States or Scotland a cheaper beverage is more suited to the market than a proper bourbon or Scotch. But as India gets richer, it seems very likely that its growing middle class that's already accustomed to drinking something called "whiskey" will have a growing interest in higher-quality global whiskies. And yet many international firms find it challenging to distribute products in the Indian market.
This is where buying United Spirits comes in.
Diageo has a large portfolio of Scotch whiskies plus Bulleit, Bushmills, and Crown Royal. Meanwhile, United Spirits has enormous expertise in distributing bottles of liquor to Indian people. A combined entity will be extremely well-positioned to start marketing more upscale brands to the growing Indian market — a classic case of business synergies. It's much easier for Diageo to buy an existing company that build a brand-new distribution network, and much easier for United Spirits to team up with a high-end distillery than to develop expertise in making whole new product categories.
The problem for those of us who aren't Indian, is that the nature of the aged whiskey market is that supply is rather inelastic. Diageo can't travel back in time and increase the volume of alcohol they started aging in the past. So when distillers find new markets to exploit, the impact is felt almost exclusively through higher prices (and profit margins) rather than large quantities.
In other words, better drinks for the Indian market means more expensive drinks for the United States and Europe.
CTV Ottawa
This is the story of the pinball wizard, and of the little girl he wanted to work a little magic on.
Mike Loftus is a retired contractor in Ottawa and life-long pinball enthusiast. Now he's turned his childhood passion into a second career. He's opened the Ottawa Pinball Arcade.
“I started collecting in '92. I bought my first game and I've been amassing games since then,” says Loftus. “And really what I'm trying to do is open a window to the past where we have those classic games from the golden era of the arcade.”
Loftus has set up over two dozen games from his collection in a room adjoining The Neighbourhod Pub in Nepean. He says that makes it by far the largest vintage pinball arcade in Canada.
It makes the Ottawa Pinball Arcade something special, and Loftus wanted to do something special for the official grand opening.
And that's where the little girl comes in.
Six-year-old Lamitta El-Roz was at the grand opening. She was the one sitting on a tall stool at the Pac-Man game, which she prefers over pinball. “Because it's a little easier for me. I can't reach to the sides," she says.
Lamitta is an infectiously-happy child, remarkable considering what life has thrown at her. She was born 28 weeks premature weighing just 2.2 pounds. She has cerebral palsy. She can't walk, crawl, or even sit up on her own. Her father holds her while she plays Pac-Man.
But there is an operation, performed by a specialist in St. Louis, Missouri. He's done it thousands of times with great success. The specialist has reviewed Lamitta's case and believes she's a good candidate.
It's an operation that could change her life.
“The ultimate goal is getting walking on her own,” says her father, Robbie El-Roz. "What the doctor is foreseeing is she'll be able to walk using a walker.”
The operation and the trip will cost tens of thousands of dollars. The El-Roz family has applied to OHIP for funding but Robbie El-Roz says similar requests have been turned down in the past. So they are trying to raise the money themselves. They've started a GoFundMe campaign called Lamitta's Wish to Walk.
Which brings us back to the pinball man.
Upon hearing of Lamitta's situation, Mike Loftus turned his arcade opening into a pinball tournament fundraiser. He even donated a $1,200 game from his collection as the grand prize. “With a hundred percent of the proceeds going towards Lamitta's fund for the Wish to Walk,” he says. “To get her the operation she needs so she can walk."
You could say one man's inner-child wanted to come to the aid of a child in need.
And if it all goes according to plan, Lamitta will be doing a lot more than playing Pac-Man. She knows just what she wants to do once she can walk.
"I would play with my sister and help Mommy and do some other stuff."
Who knows? Maybe some of that other stuff includes a little pinball.
Egyptian authorities announced yesterday that they had decided to postpone the opening of the Rafah border with the Gaza Strip after six soldiers were killed in the Sinai province, according to the Palestinian Information Centre.
Despite planning to open the crossing for four days from today, Hesham Udwan, head of the Commission of Crossings and Borders, notified Gazan authorities of the change after clashes between militants and the Egyptian army in the region.
Egypt had announced that the crossing was to be opened to allow urgent medical aid through to the besieged coastal enclave, particularly in light of the reconciliation of rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas.
Read: Six soldiers killed in North Sinai attack
The Rafah border has been largely closed for the past ten years, making Gaza the world's largest open air prison. Earlier this month activist groups and the EU called for an end to the blockade, as Hamas agreed to surrender control of Gaza to the Palestinian Authority.
Israel responded to the demands by announcing conditions on which it would accept the reconciliation, namely that the factions would accept international agreements, recognise Israel as a state and that Hamas, which Israel considers a terrorist organisation, would disarm. The blockade is still in place.
The Strip has been declared “unliveable” by numerous human rights organisations, three years earlier than the UN had predicted. It is also currently facing an energy, water and healthcare crisis. Residents are only receiving a maximum of two to four hours of electricity each day, making fresh water and sewage systems inoperable. An estimated 40 per cent of necessary medicines are also unavailable or will be depleted within a month, while patients requiring urgent treatment are prevented from leaving.
Last month, the Popular Committee Against the Siege on Gaza found that eight out of ten Gazans were living below the poverty line, with 44 per cent of the population unemployed.
Read: Israel reopens sole commercial crossing with Gaza
Laurent Koscielny has made 291 Arsenal appearances, won three Emirates FA Cups and has played at three international tournaments since moving to north London in 2010.
The France defender has become one of the most senior figures in our dressing room and is perfectly placed to identify which of our starlets could make the step up to first-team football next season.
“I hope it's Jeff Reine-Adelaide,” Koscielny told Arsenal Player. “He's a young boy but I think he has a lot of quality.
“He plays some games every season and I think he can improve a lot. He can learn a lot with us. He has all the quality and after that it's in his head to work more and to want to achieve something with this club.
“I hope he will start next season, play a lot and improve with us.”
More quizzes coming soon...
This article is about the ABB FIA Formula E Championship. For other uses, see Formula E (disambiguation) Formula E, officially the ABB FIA Formula E Championship, is a class of auto racing that uses only electric-powered cars. The series was conceived in 2011, and the inaugural championship started in Beijing in September 2014.[1] The series is currently in its fifth season. It is sanctioned by the FIA. Alejandro Agag is the founder and current chairman of Formula E Holdings.[2] Contents
History Edit
The proposal for a city-based single-seater electric car motor racing championship was conceived by Jean Todt, the president of the world governing body of motorsport, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), and presented to politicians Alejandro Agag and Antonio Tajani and the italian actor Teo Teocoli at a dinner at a small Italian restaurant in the French capital Paris on 3 March 2011.[3][4][5] Tajani was concentrated on the electrification of the automobile industry, reducing carbon dioxide emissions and introducing hybrid and electric systems. Agag supported Todt's proposal after the latter discussed the FIA opening up a tender to organise the series. Agag told Todt that he would take on the task because of his prior experience in negotiating contracts with television stations, sponsorship and marketing.[6]
Regulations Edit
Spark-Renault SRT_01 E unveiled at Frankfurt Motor Show 2013 – used in FIA Formula E from 2014–2018. Overview Edit The Formula E championship is currently contested by eleven teams with two drivers each.[7] The quickly growing sport features electronic powered race cars of stylistic similarity to the non-electric cars of Formula One. Racing takes place on temporary city-center street circuits which are 1.9 to 3.4 km (1.2 to 2.1 mi) long.[8] Race day format Edit All events begin with two practice sessions in the morning, an opening 45-minute session followed by a further 30-minute session. Drivers originally had two cars at their disposal[9] though this was eventually revised to just one vehicle after the introduction of the Gen2 car for the 2018–19 season, with 250 kW (335bhp) of power available throughout.[10] The qualifying session takes place later in the day and lasts approximately one hour. The drivers are divided into four groups of five or six, with each group having six minutes to set their best lap. Full power of 250 kW is available throughout. Since the second season, the five fastest drivers then go out again, one-by-one, in the Super Pole shoot-out to determine the top five grid positions.[9] The race itself is set to 45 minutes plus one lap. Until season four, drivers made one mandatory pit stop to change cars. The two pit crew helped the driver to change seat belts and, for safety reasons, there was a minimum required time for pit stops which differed from track to track (except for the last 10 races of season four).[11] Tire changes, unless caused by a puncture or damage, were not permitted during the pit stop. In race mode the maximum power is restricted to 200 kW (268bhp). Points are awarded using the standard FIA system.[9] Point scoring Edit Points are awarded to the top ten drivers using the standard FIA system (25-18-15-12-10-8-6-4-2-1). Three points are also awarded to the driver securing the pole position, while the driver setting the fastest lap (if they finish in the top ten) receives an additional point (two points during the first two seasons). The championship consists of both a drivers' and teams' championship. A driver's end of season total is made up of a driver's best results. A team's total is made up by counting both drivers' scores throughout the season.[9] Fanboost Edit For each race, fans can vote for their favourite driver via various social media channels to give them an extra power boost. Voting starts six days before the event and closes after the opening 15 minutes of the race. The five winning Fanboost drivers each receive an extra power burst that can be used in a 5 second window during the second half of the race.[9] Attack Mode Edit With the fifth season, a feature called "Attack Mode" was introduced in which drivers receive an additional 25 kW of power by driving through a designated area of the circuit off the racing line. The duration of the boost mode and the number of boosts available are decided only shortly in advance of each race by the FIA to stop teams from anticipating its use and incorporating it into race strategy.[12]
Car Edit
Seasons Edit
Support series Edit
FE School Series Edit During the first season, the FE School Series for student teams that developed their own electric car took place as support races at selected events.[31] However, the series was not continued during the second season.[32] Roborace Edit Main article: Roborace Roborace is developing the world's first autonomous and electrically powered racing car.[33] The company is planning to develop the first global championship for driverless cars.[34] Jaguar I-Pace eTrophy Edit Main article: Jaguar I-Pace eTrophy In September 2017, it was announced that Formula E and Jaguar would launch a production based support series with Jaguar's I-Pace battery electric SUV.[35] The series is called the I-Pace eTrophy and began together with Formula E's fifth season in December 2018.
Records Edit
Media Edit
See also Edit
He is protesting against a school uniform policy which bans boys from wearing shorts during the summer months.
He also addressed 1,368 pupils at morning assembly wearing the black skirt, which boys are permitted to wear due to a loophole in the policy.
Chris believes that forcing boys to wear long trousers during the sizzling summer months affects concentration and their ability to learn.
He said: ''In the summer girl students are allowed to wear skirts but boys are not allowed to wear shorts.
''We think that this discriminates against boys. I will march in a skirt with other boys waving banners and making a lot of noise.
''I will be wearing the skirt at school all day in protest at the uniform policy and addressing the assembly with the student council, wearing a skirt.''
Teachers at Impington Village College imposed a ban on boys' shorts two years ago following consultation with parents and teachers.
But when aspiring politician Chris joined the school he was outraged by the policy and pledged to overturn the ban.
The year 8 pupil marched to school through Impington alongside half a dozen pupils waving banners.
Chris's mum Liz Whitehead, 50, has praised her son for standing up for ''what he believes in''.
She said: ''I am delighted that Chris is taking action on what he believes in, which the school actually encourages, so he is only doing what he is taught.
''I am really proud he is brave enough to wear a skirt to school for what he believes in and back him all the way.''
Headteacher Robert Campbell said the ban on shorts was imposed following consultation with students, teachers and parents in 2009.
He said: ''Our uniform policy had a significant consultation and ours is typical of most schools in Cambridgeshire and the consensus was we were going to go for that.
''The issue creeps up during the summer months.
''Ultimately the boys can wear a skirt to school because it doesn't say they can't in the uniform policy and we would be discriminating against them if we did not allow it.
''Chris is a very bright and articulate student and we have got a very strong student council. He is one of only two year 8 pupils on it.
''I know he wants to go into politics and has got strong principles - so maybe Parliament is not the best place for him.''
A North Vancouver father scored a major victory for learning-disabled children Friday when the country's highest court ruled that a public school district discriminated against his dyslexic son by failing to teach him to read.
Rick Moore, who began his legal battle more than 15 years ago, said his family was thrilled with the Supreme Court of Canada's decision and believes it will have a profound impact around the province, even though the court did not find evidence of systemic discrimination.
"The fact that we won against one district means that all districts have to pay attention to the needs of these kids," a jubilant Moore said in an interview, referring to children who have normal intelligence but require specialized instruction because they learn differently.
In a unanimous ruling, the judges said special education "is not a dispensable luxury. For those with severe learning disabilities, it is the ramp that provides access to the statutory commitment to education made to all children in British Columbia."
Moore's lawyer Frances Kelly said the decision sets a national precedent and sends a message to all public schools. "This is a warning to them that they have to comply with their duties under the human rights code to ensure that students with learning disabilities have the same access to education as other students."
Education Minister Don McRae issued a statement saying the decision is under review but he is pleased the court did not find that the Education Ministry had discriminated against Jeff. He also said services for special-needs students have improved over the years.
Jeff was in Grade 3 and still unable to read when a psychologist recommended he attend the North Vancouver district's Diagnostic Centre, which provided specialized services for a small number of severely learning disabled students. But the district, in a financial crisis, had just closed the centre to save money.
Rick and Michelle Moore concluded they had no option but to withdraw Jeff from his neighbourhood school, Braemar elementary, and send him to a private school catering to learning-disabled children - while mortgaging their house to cover tuition and transportation costs. They will now recoup those costs, approximately $100,000, and Jeff will receive about $10,000 in damages.
Moore insisted the case was never about the money but rather the needs of learning-disabled children, especially those whose parents could not afford to pay private-school tuition and have been languishing in the public-school system.
The school district said it was reviewing the 42-page decision with lawyers and wouldn't be able to comment on its impact until next week. "While we are disappointed with the result, we of course respect the decision of the court," it said.
The district was criticized by the court for closing the Diagnostic Centre when it had other options. While acknowledging the serious budgetary shortfalls from 1991-95, it said the spending cuts were disproportionately made to special-needs programs, without any assessment of the impact on students.
At the same time, the board of education retained some discretionary services, including the Outdoor School.
Arsenal need some big time changes this summer, but without the allure of Champions League, that might be tough. But these 5 can still be acquired.
Arsenal has always been in the running for just about any player they've ever wanted. Such is the reward for being one of the most consistent Champions League qualifiers in the footballing world. However, it's looking like that is coming to an end this season, barring a remarkable comeback with plenty of good fortune to go along with it.
Without the Champions League, the Gunners stand at risk of losing out on Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil while also running another huge risk of not being able to address their needs. Players like Alexandre Lacazette, who have been on the Gunners radar, are making it clear that they won't go to a team that does't have Champions League football.
That's a problem for a team needing an overhaul, but this is when Arsene Wenger can regain some credibility. He is going to have to dig deep to find players who aren't opposed to joining a non-Champions League team. Manchester United should give us hope from last season, as too should Chelsea.
But more than that, this is a chance to find the right kinds of players, the fighters and the troopers who are always going to give their all.
So with that in mind, here are five guys that can still be acquired without the Champions League
5. Dawid Kownacki
The chances of acquiring Lacazette, Antoine Griezmann or Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang without the Champions League are slimming by the day. So in order to find attacking help, particularly at striker, Wenger is going to have to get creative, and that means taking a few gambles on players that look like they are ready to become a bigger deal.
These are the players that look like the next generation of stars and Dawid Kownacki fits that billing. Dubbed “the next Robert Lewandowski,” this 20 year old is rocking out at Lech Poznan, netting 11 times this term and he is also set to star for Poland in the U21 Euros this summer.
Reports indicate that Chelsea and Arsenal are both scouting the young man, and while many will scoff at such a purchase, Rob Holding was scoffed at too. Now he's a hero.
We have another striker coming up in a bit, but first, let's talk midfield.
The People's Democratic Party on Monday remained defiant over its government's controversial decision to release Kashmiri separatist Masarat Alam despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi making it clear the decision was taken without keeping the Centre in the loop.
"What PM Modi has said is the stand of the government," PDP spokesperson Firdous Tak said. "But there is no illegality in the release of Masarat Alam. He has been released on bail in all the cases," he added.
When asked if the issue threatens the PDP-BJP coalition government in Jammu and Kashmir, Tak said, "Reconciliation is part of any alliance. There is no threat to it."
The PDP's response came shortly after Modi expressed his disapproval of Alam's release saying his government was not kept in the loop. "Whatever is happening after the formation of the government in Jammu and Kashmir is being done without keeping the government of India or the Centre in the loop," Modi told the Lok Sabha.
"This is not the anger of a political party. This is the anger of the entire country, of a unified parliament," Modi said, adding, "I share the nation's anger. We do not support the views of the separatists."
Modi spoke after Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured an agitated opposition that necessary actions will be taken over Alam's release. The High Court says that on one ground, we cannot detain anyone for more than two years. We need fresh charges (against Alam)," Rajnath said. "We seek a clarification on this issue," he added.
The showdown between the PDP and the BJP was the second in less than 10 days since Mufti Mohammed Sayeed took over as Jammu and Kashmir chief minister. Shortly after taking his oath of office, Mufti had thanked "people from across the border" - a reference to Pakistan - and Kashmiri militants for allowing smooth elections in the restive state.
A senior Tory backbencher has warned the government's immigration policy risks “immensely serious social dangers” because it does not do enough to curb access to jobs and welfare. Brian Binley, who is treasurer of the powerful 1922 Committee, made the claim in a new study for Civitas with the academic Dr Lee Rotherham.
The two say the countries of origin of immigrants should pay for their citizens' social security until they have made a significant contribution to taxation. Any immigrants convicted of a crime with more than a one year prison sentence would be automatically deported, along with anyone who is given two fines – a much stricter regime than the government is proposing.
As concerns about immigration have grown, David Cameron has stumbled around looking for ways to enact curbs. Grassroots conservatives had hoped for limits on those coming in from the EU, but the Prime Minister was forced to back down on this policy in the face of serious opposition from Germany. Under EU treaties he cannot bring in any curbs without the agreement of the other countries in the bloc.
Instead, Cameron is proposing limits on in-work benefits, including access to social housing, which has put serious additional pressure on the property market. But Binley said EU rules has meant the UK has “surrendered control over its borders”.
The pamphlet continued: “Emerging policies have failed to be wide-ranging and ambitious enough. Failure to address public immigration concerns would carry immensely serious social dangers… The free movement of workers as permitted under EU rules means that the UK has lost control of the supply side of its workforce.
“This would not be an issue but for the fact that it is subsidising its own native workforce to remain unemployed and our long-term uncompetitiveness by hiring in outside labour.
“This may be advantageous to the productivity of the companies in these areas, but it is disadvantageous to the taxpayer who has to effectively subsidise them by dole payments, while the UK workers affected fail to better themselves and rise up the employment ladder.”
Seventy per cent of glacier ice in British Columbia and Alberta could disappear by the end of the 21st century, creating major problems for local ecosystems, power supplies, and water quality, according to a new study by University of British Columbia researchers.
The study found that while warming temperatures are threatening glaciers in Western Canada, not all glaciers are retreating at the same rate. The Rocky Mountains, in the drier interior, could lose up to 90 per cent of its glaciers. The wetter coastal mountains in northwestern B.C. are only expected to lose about half of their glacier volume.
"Most of our ice holdouts at the end of the century will be in the northwest corner of the province," said Garry Clarke, professor emeritus in the Department of Earth, Ocean and Atmospheric Sciences. "Soon our mountains could look like those in Colorado or California and you don't see much ice in those landscapes."
For the study, researchers used observational data, computer models and climate simulations to forecast the fate of individual glaciers.
There are over 17,000 glaciers in B.C. and Alberta and they play an important role in energy production through hydroelectric power. The glaciers also contribute to the water supply and are essential to mining and agriculture. Clarke says while these issues are a concern, increased precipitation due to climate change could help compensate for glacier loss. The greatest impact, he suspects, will be on freshwater ecosystems. During the late summer, glacier melt provides cool, plentiful water to many of the region's headwaters.
"These glaciers act as a thermostat for freshwater ecosystems," said Clarke. "Once the glaciers are gone, the streams will be a lot warmer and this will hugely change fresh water habitat. We could see some unpleasant surprises in terms of salmon productivity."
Background
Researchers predicted changes in the area and volume of glaciers in western Canada under a range of greenhouse gas emission scenarios used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in their most recent assessment of the state of the climate system. Increases in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, released from fossil fuel combustion, is the primary factor that will cause increases in surface air temperatures in the decades ahead.
Researchers say the impact of climate change on glacier health may not be evident at first sight. While the surface area covered by the glacier may not be changing, the glaciers are thinning at a rate of about one metre per year.
"Most glaciers are only 100 to 200 metres thick," said Clarke. "They're losing volume but this loss we're seeing right now is a bit hidden."
This study is a collaboration between UBC, the University of Northern British Columbia, the University of Iceland and the Pacific Climate Impacts Consortium.
The application I work on for my employer makes extensive use of modal dialogs in Internet Explorer. These are a nice feature where you can load a page in a dialog box, and the user cannot access the parent window until the dialog has closed – this includes forward/back buttons, menus, everything.
An issue we have had with supporting Firefox 2 is that it doesn't support modal dialogs.
It seems to have completely been missed by the Firefox 3 fanboys, but Firefox 3 supports modal dialogs. See my previous post on tips on how to use them. This is a very very cool thing which I'm sure many people will find use for. There aren't many examples of modal dialog use around, since up until now it was IE-specific, but hopefully it'll become much more popular.
The Mozilla team seem to have simply copied the window.showModalDialog function exactly from Microsoft, so any code previously used to open modals in IE works just fine in FireFox 3.
You've got to love open source: out-innovating the proprietary guys 99% of the time, then copying whatever you missed 🙂
Update: I've confirmed that in FireFox 3 modal dialogs, unlike in IE, when you click a hyperlink the resulting page will correctly open in the dialog, and NOT open a new window. This makes them infinitely more useful, and should negate the need for the horrendous hacks that IE forces on people.
Advertisements
Bitcoin websites are prime targets for cyber-attacks. Now, a company called Crowdcurity wants to apply the wisdom of crowds to make them more secure. How will it work?
Protecting against attacks isn't optional if you want to keep your web-based bitcoin app in business. Bitcoin apps can often hold hundreds in individual coins, leaving their users incurring significant financial losses if they are compromised. This is particularly true in the case of exchanges.
For example, margin-trading site Bitcoinica was sued for $460,000 in 2012 after being hacked twice. US-based exchange BitFloor suffered major embarrassment after 24,000 bitcoins were stolen following a hack in September 2012 – a figure that represented almost ten years of transaction fees. That's a difficult loss to bounce back from. This isn't the first instance, the problems go back further still: Vicurex saw its wallet compromised in 2011. And these are just examples from a far larger set.
Breaking into a web app
Not all of these bitcoin thefts are explicitly the result of website problems. Some stem from human error, and some are, as yet, unexplained. But one thing is for sure: badly-designed code doesn't help, and is responsible for at least some of these issues.
How many ways can a person break into a web application? There are tens of them, but the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) breaks them down into ten broad categories. It updates the list each year, and 2013's makes gruesome reading.
At the top of the list? Injection. This happens when someone injects code that shouldn't be there into a web application, usually through a parameter passed to a URL. It can be used to execute unintended commands, including putting dangerous malware on a web page to infect visiting machines, or dumping customer details, for example.
Other potential attacks include exploiting poor security configuration (including configuration of hosting servers), and broken authentication, in which sessions are not properly managed, enabling attackers to hijack accounts. Another old chestnut is the cross-site scripting attack, in which bad data is sent to a browser using JavaScript, causing it to misbehave. The fact that these attacks are still possible years after they were first discovered is a discredit to the software development community.
The problem for a lot of software developers in the bitcoin space and elsewhere is that it is difficult to spot all of the bugs. Several bitcoin sites employ ‘bug bounties' to solve the problem, offering eagle-eyed members of the community rewards to spot and fix problems.
Coinbase has one, with a minimum payout of 5 BTC, and no maximum payout. At the time of writing, it had awarded bitcoins to 27 people, amounting to at least 135 BTC. Payward, which runs the Kraken margin trading site, is stingier about its bounty program, offering a minimum of a single bitcoin per bug. Another bitcoin trading site, 1Broker, also ran a program.
Enter Crowdcurity
Crowdcurity hopes to standardize the bug bounty concept by outsourcing the process. The online service connects companies that have software to debug with a community of around 250 software testers, which it has found via security forums.
The firm isn't solely bitcoin focused, as its process can be applied to any web-based application. Nevertheless, it's an important market for the firm. “Bitcoin companies are already very focused on security and they know that they need to focus on it,” says Jacob Hansen, founder of Crowdcurity, who is already negotiating with at least one large bitcoin-based business. “Traditional e-businesses don't always have the same awareness.”
[post-quote]
Customers can create a reward program with the site, setting rules and amounts for bug programs. The challenge is then sent to the testing community, which works on reporting vulnerabilities. The customer validates the bugs in conjunction with Crowdcurity, and payouts are awarded based on bug severity.
More than half of the payouts have been made in bitcoins for the single customer that the firm had dealt with as of last week. “Many of these payments may be $25-$50 if the bugs are low criticality, and with bitcoins you have lower fees, and it makes payments faster,” Hansen says.
The site's testers can target a test site, or an operational site that is already processing live data, Hansen explains. But sites shouldn't just rely on external testers, he argues.
Crowdcurity is effectively a penetration testing service, in which a crowd of testers tries to hack a website. But what they don't do is look at a site's code. In one sense, this is a good thing, because closed source sites won't want people ogling their intellectual property. In another sense, it leaves the analysis of the code up to the company, which then has to find the skills to do it.
“They should do security reviews of their code internally. Then, there are a lot of automatic tools out there which can look at your code and discover common vulnerabilities.” Crowdcurity uses tools like Brakeman for its own site, which scans for vulnerability in Ruby on Rails apps. There are more for other languages – but companies have to have the skills and discipline to use them.
As bitcoin grows up and companies get better funding, software developers will hopefully be in a better position to cover all of their security bases. And maybe we'll see fewer disaster stories like Bitcoinica or Bitfloor.
by
Arab rulers across the Middle East detest free speech. The demand that Al- Jazeera close its operations is no surprise. Al-Jazeera (which means the island) offers talk shows, documentaries, and news in Arabic, the language of the region that reaches more than 350 million Arabic-speaking people from Mauritania to Yemen. Headquartered in Doha, Qatar, a native Arab land, Al-Jazeera has adopted an iconoclastic motto “opinion and the other opinion.”
For most Arab rulers, there is always only one opinion, the opinion of the government, and for them all other opinions are false, alien, and subversive. This commentary analyzes why Arab rulers are hostile to free speech, particularly the home-grown free speech, emanating from within the region, in Arabic dialects and metaphors, by Arab intellectuals, analysts, and critics.
Historical Tradition
For centuries, the Arab rulers are used to reverence, hand-kissing, and bowing. The Arab rulers, be they military officers, kings, emirs, or presidents, share a similar concept of leadership. They truly believe in their hearts that they are the men-in-authority chosen with divine will. They cherish an automatically presumed self-concept of being noble, just, and sagacious. Witness how General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, the Egyptian martinet, who overthrew a democratically-elected government, smiles with condescending wisdom. Such men as sovereigns (and there are no women Arab rulers) are not open to free speech.
Also historically, the Arab rulers have been tolerant of foreign criticism but not of internal dissent. Even today, the Arab rulers tolerate the non-Arab opinions broadcasted by the BBC, Voice of America, Press TV (Iran), or any other foreign outfit because the Arab rulers rely on an overarching paradigm that the foreigners, including Europeans, Americans, and Iranians, brood ill-will against the glorious Arab civilization that once dominated the world for centuries and gifted the world with the religion of Islam. They dismiss the Europeans as colonists, they deride the Americans as Islamophobes, and they scorn the Iranians as Shias, who are corrupting the true message of Islam that only the Arab rulers understand and have been ordained by Allah to preserve.
Al-Jazeera offers internal dissent, which is interpreted as baghyan (rebellion). The real-time reporting that deviates from the official truth, the “unfavorable” documentaries, and intellectual ruminations, aired in various shows at Al-Jazeera, all are seen as internal threat to political order that the Arab governments have imposed without the will of the people. Unintendedly, for that is the fallout of free speech, Al-Jazeera challenges the historical narrative of infallible Muslim rulers who can do no wrong.
In Arab countries, banning Al-Jazeera is seen as the right thing to suppress fitna (mischief), another convenient concept that the Arab rulers frequently invoke to arrest journalists, lash critics in public, and execute intellectuals and scholars. In Egypt, for example, Hassan al-Banna was assassinated in 1949, Sayyid Qutub was hanged in 1966, as both scholars were seen as the purveyors of fitna. President Morsi, elected in 2012, is in prison accused of terrorism and faces capital punishment. Egypt, the most prominent Arabic speaking country, has blocked or banned Al-Jazeera in cahoots with U.A.E, and Saudi Arabia. All are determined to eliminate fitna (fake news, lies, and terrorism) that Al-Jazeera allegedly promotes.
Distortions of Islam
The Arab rulers, the self-appointed defenders of “true religion,” defame Islam as the peoples of the world gather the impression that Islam is hostile to democracy and free speech. Even though the majority of Muslims, living in Indonesia, Turkey, Iran, India, Pakistan, and many other nations, are non-Arabs, the world continues to associate Islam with the Arabs, particularly with Saudi Arabia, where the prophet is buried and where the Qur'an was revealed in Arabic. Despite the expansion of Islam in all continents, what the Arab rulers do or say have significant bearing on the image of Islam for non-Muslims.
Even Islamophobia in the West is a distorted reaction to the Middle Eastern customs that have little to do with the teachings of Islam. Seeing that women cannot drive in Saudi Arabia, seeing that the leaders of Al-Qaeda and Islamic State hailed from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Iraq, and seeing the failed efforts to bring democracy in Arab countries, non-Muslims of the world construct a view of Islam rooted in misogyny, terrorism, and tyranny. The opposition to Shariah in the United States has everything to do with what the Americans witness in the Middle East.
Outside the Middle East, Islam has a different ethos. Consider Pakistan, a country carved out of India in the name of Islam. Only a few days ago, the Supreme Court disqualified a democratically elected prime minister, the highest political office in the country—an unthinkable event in the Arab heartland. In Pakistan, hundreds of newspapers and TV channels are determined on a daily basis to find faults with every aspect of the government and opposition. Although Pakistan has suffered military interventions, free speech has remained vibrant for most of its history. In this country, no credible paradigm paints the ruler as noble, wise, or appointed by Allah. Rulers are seen fallible and replaceable. Sometimes, the military generals get away with murder but this impunity is never associated with the dictates of Islam. In fact, even supporters of military generals advocate equality under the norms of Islamic justice.
Conclusion
Arab rulers detest free speech because they obtain and retain political power without the will of the people. They see free speech as a threat to the unrepresentative form of government they institute. The convenient labels of baghyan and fitna, mentioned in the Qur'an, are arbitrarily invoked to suppress legitimate criticism and dissent. The label of terrorism is also convenient to eliminate opposing viewpoints. The proposal to shut down Al-Jazeera reflects how the Arab rulers build their castles in sand that cannot tolerate the winds of free speech.
(The author has no affiliation with Al-Jazeera.)
Kygo makes history with performance from the Olympics Closing Ceremony
Kygo made history last night, August 21, by performing in the Closing Ceremony from the Olympic Games in Rio. The Norwegian producer was joined onstage by vocalist Julia Michaels for a live rendition of “Carry Me” off his debut album Cloud Nine. Kygo aptly described it as the “biggest performance” of his career, and with the millions of viewers who tuned in last night, it's hard to imagine anything that could top it.
The appearance harkened backed to Tiësto's seminal performance from Athens in 2004, where the Dutch legend performed in the Opening Ceremony. Ultimately, it's testament to the incredible success of 24-year-old Kyrre Gørvell-Dahll, who only began receiving attention in 2014 by way of some viral YouTube and SoundCloud remixes.
Check out what Kygo had to say about the moment, as well as some fan-captured clips of his performance.
Can't believe I got to perform at the Olympic #ClosingCeremony!! Such an honor! Thx to @imjmichaels for joining me! pic.twitter.com/a3OrZbfkbd — Kygo (@KygoMusic) August 22, 2016
Categories: News
The idea of a Batman/Superman movie has been around so long that it was even made into an Easter Egg gag in the Will Smith action movie I Am Legend - the film jokingly dated for release only after the Earth had been devastated by an apocalyptic plague. Fortunately, it doesn't look like we'll have to wait for the end of the world to finally see the movie, as Zack Snyder will be delivering Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice in 2016.The project was first announced all the way back in summer 2013 at San Diego Comic Con, and in the time since then we've seen a seemingly endless stream of news, rumors, and even some footage pop up online. The good news is that we've been closely following all of it, and have collected all of the need-to-know info in this handy guide. How will Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice be affected by its predecessor, Man of Steel? When is the movie coming out in theaters? Who is directing? Who will star? Find all of the answers to those questions and more below, but first let's watch the latest trailer!
This article was originally published in PC Gamer issue 280. For more quality articles about all things PC gaming, you can subscribe now in the UK and the US.
It's a sight I've been dreaming about since the pixelated days of Dark Omen and Shadow of the Horned Rat. A mammoth pair of Warhammer armies battling across a sprawling Total War battlefield.
On one side, the Empire: featherhelmed humans wielding arquebuses, halberds and swords, backed up by cannons and wizards. On the other, hulking orcs and tiny goblins, variously smeared with war paint, riding spiders, wolves and boars, and reinforced by trolls, wyverns, and giants. On either side of the wide pass, lava drools from mountain crags more than two hundred feet high.
As the battle starts, the Emperor Karl Franz makes a speech from the back of his griffin Deathclaw, promising that if his troops win this battle, he'll take up the fabled Hammer of Sigmar. It's a longwinded monologue much like the Rome: Total War pre-battle speeches, and even the Games Workshop appointed loremaster admits “that one's too long.” Indeed, on the other side of the battlefield, the legendary Black Orc warboss Grimgor Ironhide and his Immortals look rather bored. A low chant seems to emanate from the orc ranks.
With the oratory out of the way, the two armies rush toward one another. I'm shown various clashes—Orc Boys leaping into battle with Empire Halberdiers, Demigryph Knights bounding into Savage Orc Boarboys, Forest Goblin Spider Riders and Arachnarok Spiders literally eating their way through the Imperial Greatswords, Goblin Wolfriders charging like the Light Brigade into massed cannons, volley guns and rocket fire, and trolls vomiting acid lugubriously onto the unfortunate, frantically-firing ranks of handgunners.
Forest Goblin Spider Riders and Arachnarok Spiders literally eat their way through the Imperial Greatswords.
Of course, this new game can't be completely accurate to the tabletop. It has to do that Dawn of War thing where it combines accurate game mechanics with outrageous bombastic battle scenes. So large units such as trolls do area attack strikes, much like Total War's elephants, which send the Empire's swordsmen flying. “There's a lot of work we've done on the animations, to make the combat seem more dynamic and responsive,” project lead Ian Roxburgh tells me. “The sheer amount of animation is huge—even down to the amount of different skeletons, thirty types as opposed to five or six in previous Total War games.” We see a giant demonstrate this, picking one soldier up to bite his head off. Apparently, this giant can also dash his enemies against the ground, sweep with his massive club, and belch to devastating effect.
Amid the masses, infantry heroes—a Witch Hunter, a Warrior Priest of Sigmar, Grimgor—contribute to the grim carnage, while the mounted wizards and shamans hang back. A delicate wizardly war machine, the Luminark of Hysh, knocks down a towering giant like a coconut at a shy. Above everything circle wyverns and Deathclaw, dogfighting like gypsy moths.
Flight is something new to Total War. “Air-to-air is obviously something we're still working on,” Roxburgh tells me as we see Deathclaw down one of the wyverns. The griffin progresses to attacking Grimgor's Black Orcs, whirling them up into the air before dropping them at the peak of a loopthe-loop. They rarely survive.
From every angle, it looks like the miniatures come to life, much like Dawn of War did for Warhammer 40,000. “It's a Total War game, y'know,” says Al Bickham, studio comms manager, Ogre Kingdoms wiz and former PC Gamer contributor. “A grand campaign game, with huge, thrilling battles many of thousands of troops on the battlefields, married to Warhammer. It brings to life a spectacle that nobody has attempted before in a Warhammer game.”
Though it looks like Warhammer, I can't play it yet—indeed, even the developers mostly aren't playing it, admitting this is an alpha, and a more scripted sequence of events than anything like a game yet. Though Bickham, Ogre Kingdoms player, does demonstrate that at least the Goblin Doom Diver catapults are fully working, as he flings a batwinged goblin fanatic into the air and steers it across the endless Empire ranks before diving its spiked head into the densest imperial formation he can see.
One thing is notable—the scale. There are hundreds of fighters on screen here. At a rough estimate, the cost of each of the armies would be at least a thousand pounds (if you bought it from Games Workshop rather than high-quality knock-offs), probably more, even with today's plastic figures. Very few people play with armies this size anyway—playing the Total War version rather than buying the figures is definitely going to be more economical. And much, much easier to set up.
It's certainly comprehensive. I was lost trying to count the number of different unit types on the battlefield. “There are still other units we haven't put in to that particular battle,” Roxburgh says. “The amount of variety we have per race is just massive. Within any race there's more variety than within the totality of any previous Total War game.” The units in this battle were a mix of the low- and high-tier units unlocked later in the campaign.
And that's just these two factions. I'm well aware that at least two more are coming. The Vampire Counts are one of the undead factions, which has a variety of weak skeleton and zombie and superpowered vampires, all of whom are immune to fear and morale checks. Which is handy, given how many giant, scary soldiers the orcs have.
The other race is the Dwarfs, who are even more cannon-heavy than the Empire, with an array of gadgets such as gyrocopters and flame cannons alongside slow, tough warriors like the Longbeards and Trollslayers. Roxburgh explains: “there's a smattering of other minor races, which we're not talking about yet, but they occupy the world as well. There's not just four different races and that's all.” Bickham chimes in: “you can't have a Warhammer game without Chaos. It's the cornerstone of our IP. Khorneerstone.” There's a groan.
Diplomacy might have to change from the old Total War model, given the lack of connection or communication between the Warhammer factions. “The nature of the Warhammer franchise is that there are certain relationships that you can't see changing,” Roxburgh says. “Chaos and Elves for example. But in a sandbox environment, if you really work hard on it, there's nothing to say you have to be at war with the Greenskins all the time, you might be able to broker some dubious peace temporarily—but that's not something you just do run of the mill. We want to be true to what those relationships are, but we don't want to pull people into a linear game where they've got no choice. It's finding that balance, while maintaining that flavour.”
You can't have a Warhammer game without Chaos. It's the cornerstone of our IP. Khorneerstone.
The campaign map, which they're not showing today, will be something completely new to Warhammer, set in the Old World in a non-specific timeline. Writer / loremaster Andy Hall explains that, though turns pass, no real time does. There isn't even weather. It's like living in a perfect instant of Warhammer. “There aren't seasons in the Warhammer world anyway. One day it's raining teeth... the next, the sun's under the sea.”
Anyway, it's in this timeless instant that you build units, presumably from your cities, though each faction will behave in a different way. “There's a wider variety, not just in the tactics and unit rosters, but the way we use the features in the campaign game. For example, if you're the Greenskins, you're not going to be spending much time building, you'll be fighting enough battles to build up enough momentum for a Waaagh.”
Done did everything
You even did that one thing? Such dedication! 38.1%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Student loan unlocked!
What would self-betterment be without a little hurdle? 84.4%
Common 79.17%
Common
Master of student loans
Not one, but two for the price of two! 62.7%
Common 46.43%
Uncommon
Trail Blazer
Who put these cones here? 43.4%
Rare 17.26%
Rare
Call the gecko-caveman-money-sandwich thing
We make mascots and dabble in insurance. 41.3%
Rare 10.12%
Rare
Shiny!
All that glitters is not Au. 42.7%
Rare 16.67%
Rare
Payin' down the plastic
Look at you. So responsible. 38.6%
Rare 4.76%
Ultra Rare
Studious
Paid your student loans down $2000. Because you're awesome. 38.9%
Rare 6.55%
Very Rare
Loan down!
The future is bright…er! 38.3%
Rare 4.17%
Ultra Rare
Pizza Perfect
The pizza is safe… for now. 41.7%
Rare 14.29%
Rare
10-4 Good Buddy
You've trucked all there is to truck. 43.4%
Rare 16.67%
Rare
Pizza robot got nothin' on me
In the distant future, pizza delivery is a matter of life and death... and pizza. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Outta my grill
Took the worst the universe could throw at you. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
With honors
The classiest of the top of the class. 38.4%
Rare 4.17%
Ultra Rare
Pizza without fail
No challenge is too great when it comes to getting great pizza to the masses. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
The way of the space road
Clearly truckin' runs at the core of you. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Keep those expenses low
Some things you can't learn in school. Although fuel conservation appears to not be one of those things. 38.4%
Rare 4.17%
Ultra Rare
Get it there cheap
Pizza is a game of profit margin and you've mastered it. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Semi… expensive
Get it? One of my favorite puns so far. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Kid genius
Finished school in under 10 minutes! 38.7%
Rare 5.95%
Very Rare
No money back
Pizza on time. Every. Time. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Sleep is overrated
Payed for three day shipping. Got it in two. #winning 38.3%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Not a scratch!
The resale value has held up amazingly! 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
I AM ASTRONAUT
Stared into the void. Laughed. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Keep it topped off
You're so green, you could be any alien from an old sci-fi film. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Master of time
Time is relatively precious. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
Living on a prayer
WooooooOOOOh we're half way there. 38.6%
Rare 4.76%
Ultra Rare
Hang in there. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
ONE HUNDRED PERCENT
This is the maximum percent for any game that cares about math. Thanks for playing! 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
You're a hero!
Defender of the masses. Or at least people who won't leave without their pizza. 40.1%
Rare 8.33%
Very Rare
There can only be one
Spacelander. Coming to theaters near you. 40.4%
Rare 8.93%
Very Rare
Oh no!
If a planet is destroyed a galaxy over, and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound? 39.7%
Rare 5.36%
Very Rare
Asteroid defense could use more funding
It's a big sky and there is a surprising amount in it. 38.5%
Rare 4.17%
Ultra Rare
Thanks for playing!
...and thanks for checking out the credits! 39.6%
Rare 8.93%
Very Rare
These things happen
Somebody should really clean that graffiti up. 39.2%
Rare 4.76%
Ultra Rare
Buy more sticky notes
A fantastic use of the last sticky note. That's just good planning. 38.2%
Rare 3.57%
Ultra Rare
One year in
It's been a blast... or two. hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. 38.5%
Rare 4.17%
Ultra Rare
Editor's note: Erik Nielson is an assistant professor of Liberal Arts at the University of Richmond. Charis E. Kubrin is an associate professor of Criminology, Law and Society at the University of California, Irvine. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors.
(CNN) -- Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear arguments in Elonis v. U.S., a case that dates back to 2010, when 28-year-old Anthony Elonis was charged with multiple counts of communicating threats after he posted a series of violent messages to Facebook.
Although Elonis maintained that many of the posts, which included menacing statements directed at his wife and a female FBI agent, were merely rap lyrics, the jury was unconvinced. He was found guilty on all but one of the counts and was sentenced to 44 months in prison.
The Court's primary purpose in taking on Elonis v. U.S. will be to clarify what actually constitutes a "true threat." Today, courts across the country are using dramatically different standards: Some argue that subjective intent is important in determining whether something is a threat, while others do not, focusing instead on how a "reasonable" person would interpret a message.
Since the Supreme Court hasn't addressed this issue directly in over a decade -- a period that has seen the explosion of social media and, with it, a radical shift in the way we communicate -- the time is certainly ripe for a new look.
But the timing of Elonis is crucial for another reason. Over this same decade, we have also witnessed the rapid expansion of prosecutors' use of rap lyrics as evidence in criminal proceedings. In the last two years alone, we have served as expert witnesses or consultants in dozens of such cases, and our research suggests there have been hundreds more across the country.
Rather than acknowledge rap as a fictional form told in rhymed verse, one that privileges figurative, often hyperbolic, speech delivered by an invented character, prosecutors have become skilled at convincing judges and juries that the lyrics are autobiographical confessions of illegal behavior or evidence of a defendant's motive or intent with respect to an alleged crime.
In effect, they have used the judiciary to re-define rap music as something other than art.
Given research demonstrating the prejudicial effect that rap, especially violent "gangsta" rap, can have on potential jurors, it's no surprise that prosecutors misrepresent the genre in this way. Nor should it come as a surprise that the overwhelming majority of defendants in these cases are young black and Latino men.
Rap has always carried the baggage of America's enduring fears about young men of color, even as its history is rooted in a broader hip hop culture that was conceived by many artists as an alternative to violence, a tool to educate, and a pathway to a better life. Without that context, judges and jurors become easy prey for prosecutors who use rap lyrics to secure convictions, often when their cases are weak.
There are examples of such cases to be found across the country, but one of the most recent and high profile has been State v. Skinner in New Jersey. The case involves Vonte Skinner, a drug dealer and aspiring rapper who was charged with attempted murder for his alleged involvement in a 2005 shooting. During his 2008 trial, prosecutors introduced as evidence 13 pages of his violent rap lyrics -- even though they were all composed before the shooting (some of them years before) and none contained specific details about the victim or the crime. Despite the paucity of other evidence against Skinner, the jury found him guilty.
In 2012, however, an appellate court overturned the verdict, finding that the rap lyrics shouldn't have been admitted as evidence. The justices wrote: "We have a significant doubt about whether the jurors would have found defendant guilty if they had not been required to listen to the extended reading of these disturbing and highly prejudicial lyrics."
The State appealed the ruling to the Supreme Court of New Jersey, which heard arguments in the case in April and is expected to rule later this year.
Unlike Skinner, the Elonis case is in some ways atypical of others we've seen: Elonis himself is white, and unlike many defendants, he shows no sign of aspiring to be a professional rapper. (He claimed to be using rap as a "therapeutic" medium through which to vent his frustrations, while his wife said he had not regularly listened to rap music and that she had never seen him write rap lyrics during their seven-year marriage.) In one respect, though, his case is frighteningly typical.
Whereas rap is usually used to demonstrate a defendant's involvement in some underlying offense, there is a rapidly growing strain of cases in which rap itself constitutes the crime. As with Elonis, the lyrics, often posted via social media, are treated as threats and prosecuted as such. And jurors who are perfectly "reasonable" will convict, even when the defendant is merely following the conventions of a musical genre that, like horror films or gangster novels, shouldn't be confused with reality.
At his trial, Elonis claimed that his lyrics were heavily influenced by Eminem, the best selling rapper of all time who rose to fame by pushing the lyrical envelope -- even to the point of fantasizing about killing his wife, not unlike Elonis did when he posted, "There's one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you. I'm not going to rest until your body is a mess, soaked in blood and dying from all the little cuts."
Elonis maintained he never intended to act out his lyrics, again echoing Eminem, who made the critical distinction between art and reality when he said, "I do say things that I think will shock people. But I don't do things to shock people."
When the Supreme Court hears Elonis v. U.S. this fall, arguments are likely to focus on the legal standards used to determine what does and does not constitute a true threat. In a May op-ed, we joined Professor Clay Calvert in urging the Court to take this case to provide clarity to this important area of law.
At the same time, we think the justices would be wise to use the Elonis case as an opportunity to address the growing prosecution of rap music specifically. No other fictional form is singled out this way, and if the Court remains silent about it, more people can expect to be imprisoned for their art. If that's not a true threat, then what is?
Read CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.
Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion.
Ladies, gentleman and everyone else here present. My teammate, Mr Willetts, has made worthy representations for the motion, and I am honoured to have been invited by Intelligence Squared to follow his points.
Now, the framing of this debate, like the framing of the 'baby boomers' argument as a whole, deserves attention. The older generation, we are informed, has "stolen the family silver'. What does that imply? It implies that the creation and maintenance of the welfare state in Britain, of free and popular healthcare, housing, education and out-of-work benefits were somehow an indulgence - rather than the bare minimum of common inheritance that can and should be the birthright of every generation that is prepared to stand and fight for it.
Yes, many of the baby boomers who were fortunate enough not to have been miners or steelworkers did live through a 'golden age', enjoying benefits and a safety net of which their own mothers and fathers could only dream. It is sad to be living in an age when the political class seems to be doing everything in its power to make that 'golden age' a historical aberration, rather than a baseline for building towards a truly free and equal democracy.
I believe that my parents and their generation had every right to the education and healthcare advantages that allowed them, the children of immigrants, to build satisfying and useful lives. The generation currently reaching adulthood has that right too, as will our children and grandchildren, and that right is being confiscated right now, as we speak, not by the greed of our parents, but by a government desperate to distract attention from its wholesale plundering of the public purse to finance the cannibalistic self-indulgence of a financial system whose time is done.
I am aware that in speaking frankly like this I may be breaking the protocol of this debate. I was invited to make a polite case for why the older generation has sold out the younger for the opposing team to politely contest, presumably without too much reference to class, to the economic crisis, or to persons here present. I feel that the situation here is too urgent to pay protocol or politeness any mind. Mr Willetts, you and the cabinet of which you are a member are screwing the younger generation on whose behalf you claim to speak today.
The rank hypocrisy of standing here and claiming that the baby boomers have sold the family silver whilst, as we speak, an Education White Paper is passing through the House which will allow private companies to rifle through the pockets of all that remains of the higher education system in this country, burns in the back of the throat.
We are talking, let's remind ourselves, about a higher education system which disadvantaged young people are already abandoning in despair because of the soaring costs of university which you have personally overseen. University applications are down almost ten per cent this year, despite your assurances that tripling tuition fees and gutting the teaching grant would not make a difference to applications. Mr Willetts, if you truly care about the young people of Britain, if you truly believe that the Baby Boomers have stolen the family silver and should be made to return it, you would not do these things.
It is not the baby boomers who have stolen our future, Mr Willetts. It's you. You, and your government. And we will not forget it in a hurry.
Phrasing this robbery in terms of generational conflict is a clever piece of misdirection. In your book, Mr Willetts, you draw attention to the fact that the post-war generation is set to get out of the welfare state 'approximately 118%' of what it put in, a statistic that fundamentally misunderstands what the welfare state is about. Here's another statistic for you: the richest 10% of the population of Britain are now more than 100 times as wealthy as the poorest 10% of society, and whilst the people of this country have been suffering the fallout of public sector cuts that have seen their standard of living drop through the floor, the richest 500 members of this society have seen their wealth rise by a fifth.
Mr Willetts also draws attention, as he has several times in public forums, to the fact that the rise in social status of women has, he believes, contributed to the problems of working men - 'feminism,' he says, 'has trumped egalitarianism.' More misdirection. Anyone, it seems, is to blame for rising inequality in this country, except the wealthy. Set the children against their parents, the women against the men, anything to stop legitimate civil unrest as the majority of this nation realises that it has been sold off and sold out by the political and financial elite of which Mr Willetts himself has long been a member.
A clever piece of misdirection, but not quite clever enough. As we speak, the streets of this country are full of angry people who are not fooled for a second by this muddled rhetoric about generational conflict. This is class conflict, and it is being waged by the wealthy against everyone else with the full support of a cabinet of millionaires who see nothing wrong, for example, in claiming hundreds from the taxpayer to change the lightbulbs in their second home whilst claiming that it is the women and the over-forties who are taking the state for everything they can get. My colleague appears to expect that my generation will be fooled by this argument. Mr Willetts, we are not fooled, and we will not forget.
I know that I was invited here to back up your case, but Mr Willetts, ladies and gentlemen, what did you expect? How could you possibly ask me, having seen my friends, my family and my contemporaries have their futures stolen and their life choices decimated by policy decisions which you have personally overseen, not to call it like it is? To speak like this is the only possible response to the many and specific betrayals of trust and mandate enacted by the government of which my team-mate is a member, and by Mr Willetts himself in personally presiding over the largest transfer of wealth from poor to rich, young to old, advantaged to disadvantaged in this country in recent memory.
I hope that leaving him to back up his absurd arguments on his own will help him, in some small way, to understand one of the few remaining lessons it may be useful for him to learn. Mr Willetts, you are more alone than you think. You, and your government, and governments like it across the world, are losing the argument, just as you will lose this debate.
Right now, as we sit here in this beautiful hall, in this prestigious talk which most of you have paid to attend, students who were involved in a peaceful protest against Mr Willetts' savage university reforms in June are going through the courts. Tomorrow, they may be sent to jail, for no other reason than daring to speak out against the bartering off of British higher education by a political class so drenched in self-deceit that it really thinks posturing about generational conflict will fool us. We are not fooled.
Mr Willetts, I do not expect you to listen to me; I do not expect you to apologise to the audience for daring to come here and dissemble, nor to my generation for pretending to speak in our interests whilst mortgaging our futures to your friends in finance. But if you wish to retain a scrap of self-respect, you could start by asking that young people like me not be criminalised for having the temerity to speak against you. Thanks to you and your education reforms, hundreds of thousands of people who voted for you are watching their worlds get a little darker. There is no need to cement that betrayal with cowardice.
The paravian dinosaur Microraptor glides through the canopy on its four wings. ILLUSTRATION: TODD MARSHALL
The evolution of birds from a group of small dinosaurs between 170 million and 150 million years ago has emerged as a textbook example of a major evolutionary transformation in the fossil record (1). The attainment of powered flight—that is, active flapping that generates thrust—has been widely regarded, sometimes explicitly but often implicitly, as a long evolutionary march in which natural selection progressively refined one subgroup of dinosaurs into ever-better aerialists. However, recent fossil discoveries reveal a much more interesting story that is beginning to be corroborated by biomechanical studies. According to this story, the development of flight was chaotic, with different dinosaurs experimenting with different airborne behaviors using different airfoil and feather arrangements (see the figure), until ultimately only modern birds survived.
The growing understanding of the dinosaur–bird transition stems from a trove of fossils of early birds and their closest dinosaur cousins collected over the past two decades. Most notable are thousands of Chinese fossils with exquisite details of feathers and other soft tissues (2). When placed together on a family tree, these fossils show that many anatomical components of the modern-bird flight apparatus evolved piecemeal over tens of millions of years of dinosaur evolution, for reasons unrelated to flight (1, 3).
Even the most quintessential avian feature of all—feathers—did not evolve as a flight adaptation. They began as hairlike filaments, which the earliest dinosaurs acquired, most likely, for insulation (4) or to camouflage their bodies (5). Xing et al.'s stunning discovery of a dinosaur tail in amber, announced in late 2016, gives the first glimpse at the three-dimensional structure of these “protofeathers,” which were soft, pliable, and arranged in an orderly sequence (6). In some later meat-eating theropods, these simple filaments evolved into larger, flattened, branching structures—the pennaceous (quill-like) feathers that form the wings of today's birds.
Wings are essential for flight; they are the airfoils that provide lift. Thus, it is no surprise that they have been a particular emphasis of recent research. When the Chinese fossils began to emerge in the late 1990s, they showed something unexpected: Many theropod dinosaurs had wings of varying shapes and sizes, and many advanced paravian species, like Microraptor, which are closely related to birds, had wings on both the arms and legs (2). Furthermore, wings first appeared even earlier in much more primitive, sheep-to-horse-sized theropod dinosaurs that are widely held to be too large to fly (7). In 2014, Foth et al. proposed a provocative hypothesis: Wings originally evolved as display structures and were later repurposed as airfoils (8).
Testing this hypothesis, however, is difficult. How can you demonstrate that something in a fossil was definitively a display ornament? One clue comes from pigment-bearing structures called melanosomes, which have been identified in fossil feathers by high-resolution microscopy. The results reveal that theropod wings were endowed with various colors, as might be expected if they were used for decoration (9). But this does not necessarily confirm that they evolved for this purpose.
Much more fundamental questions remain, however. For all the buzz about feathered dinosaur discoveries, there is little clarity on which dinosaurs could actually fly. Answering this requires quantitative biomechanical studies that test whether different wing and feather configurations, across a range of dinosaurs, enabled volant activity—be it powered flight, incipient flapping flight, gliding, or other airborne behaviors. This, in turn, would help untangle which dinosaurs could fly, using which styles, and how flight performance evolved across the dinosaur family tree. Most work in this area has focused on the four-winged Microraptor, shown by mathematical and physical models to have been a capable glider (10). Microraptor is known from many specimens amenable to study, but it alone is not a panacea for understanding the origin of flight. We must know more about other winged dinosaurs, too.
A biomechanical study published last year by Dececchi et al. (11) is a step in the right direction. The authors used several mathematical models to predict whether various winged dinosaurs and early birds could employ various styles of flapping flight seen in modern birds. The verdict: Except for a handful of paravians, the dinosaurs did not have the wing sizes or configurations necessary for powered flight.
Furthermore, looking at trends across the family tree, Dececchi et al. found no pattern of progressive refinement in aerial ability beginning with the origin of wings. This supports the hypothesis that wings developed for nonflight reasons (such as display, egg brooding, or something else entirely) and that their early evolution was not shaped by selection for aerial flapping. Only much later, it seems, did some paravians evolve the right combination of small body size, large wings, and other anatomical features to begin powered flight. It was at that point that selection was able to mold these animals into more effective flying machines.
There is another twist to Dececchi et al.'s study. Although some paravians like Microraptor may have been able to power themselves through the air, the authors found that not all paravians had this ability. Nor was the common ancestor of paravians and birds clearly a lift-producing flapper. Coupled with the many morphological differences among winged paravians and early birds, this suggests that powered flight may not have been a singular innovation of the lineage that led to modern birds, but a behavior that many different groups of small, feathered, winged paravians achieved independently.
This idea is bolstered by the discovery, reported by Xu et al. in 2015, of a small theropod, called Yi qi, with a bat-like membrane of skin stretched between its fingers and body (12). All other known winged dinosaurs have pennaceous feathers. It seems likely that Yi qi's skin membrane is an airfoil, probably used for gliding, as the animal probably didn't have the wing flexibility to flap. The unusual construction of its wings is striking evidence that different forms of dinosaur flight evolved in different groups.
The Mesozoic Era (from 252 million to 66 million years ago) must have been aflutter with an aviary of dinosaurs, experimenting with different ways of navigating the air (see the figure). But much work remains to be done to better understand this heady period of evolution. Mathematical models are a good start, but the next big breakthrough will come with more advanced anatomical models of early birds and their close dinosaur relatives—physical ones (10, 13) that can be subjected to wind-tunnel experiments, and digital ones that can be analyzed computationally. This marriage of paleontology and engineering will lead to a much sharper picture of which aerial behaviors these long-extinct species were capable of. It will also bring more clarity on how the powered flight system of today's birds emerged from the great anatomical and behavioral complexity of their dinosaur ancestors.
Image caption Philippine Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario said his country will 'assert sovereignty' over the shoal
The Philippines says its main naval vessel is engaged in a stand-off with Chinese surveillance ships at a disputed South China Sea shoal.
The Philippines said its warship tried to arrest Chinese fishermen anchored at the Scarborough Shoal, but was blocked by the two surveillance boats.
Both countries dispute the ownership of the shoal, which lies off the Philippines' northwestern coast.
The Philippine government said it would "assert sovereignty" over the area.
Philippine Foreign Secretary Albert Del Rosario said after meeting Chinese ambassador Ma Keqing on Wednesday that both countries were committed to finding ''a diplomatic solution'' but negotiations were at an ''impasse''.
The Philippines had summoned Mr Ma on Wednesday to lodge a protest over the incident. However, China maintained it had sovereign rights over the area and asked that the Philippine ship leave the waters.
Disputed seas
A statement from the Philippines' Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the naval vessel, the Gregorio Del Pilar, found eight Chinese fishing vessels at the shoal when it was patrolling the area on Sunday.
The BBC's Kate McGeown in Manila says the Philippine navy boarded the ship and found a large amount of illegally-caught fish and coral.
Analysis The Philippines and China have overlapping claims to various islands in the South China Sea - and more importantly, the large oil and gas deposits thought to lie near these islands. The Philippines has often accused China of incursions into its territory, but in recent months there have been fewer of these complaints, with some analysts suggesting that China had decided to try a more conciliatory approach. But this incident will raise tensions again and Beijing is likely to be antagonised further next week, when US-Philippine military exercises take place close to the contested Spratly Islands.
Two Chinese surveillance ships then apparently arrived in the area on Tuesday, placing themselves between the warship and the fishing vessels, preventing the navy from making arrests.
The stand-off comes as the Philippines prepares for joint naval exercises with the United States from the 16 to 27 April near the disputed area.
Six countries claim competing sovereignty over areas in the South China Sea, which is believed to contain huge deposits of oil and gas.
Along with China and the Philippines, they are Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan.
China's claim includes almost the entire South China Sea, well into what the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea recognises as the 200-mile-from-shore Exclusive Economic Zones of other claimants.
That has led to occasional flare-ups and to competition to occupy islands, reefs and sandbars.
Russian President Vladimir Putin was given a chance to show off his sporting prowess on Saturday at a festival of ice hockey.
Putin scored 6 goals at the amateur game in the Bolshoi arena in Sochi, helping his team to a 21-4 victory.
He was joined by Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu, as well as former professional players and amateurs of the Night Hockey League (NHL)
The NHL was created by Putin in 2011 to enable businessmen and women, governors and ministers who worked during the day, to fulfil their hockey dreams on an evening.
Before the match started, there was a minute's silence in honour of those who died during clashes in Mariupol on Friday.
Speaking to the media after the game, Putin said the aim of the festival was to attract more people to the sport.
“We have no winners and no losers, it's a friendly game,” he said.
The NHL festival took place from May 3 to 10 and involved 108 teams from 55 Russian regions and 11 foreign countries.
It's been two and a half years since the Mars Volta released Octahedron, but the punk-prog outfit is gearing up for a new full-length studio release. Singer Cedric Bixler-Zavala is a prolific YouTube commenter, and revealed news of the new record by his band via the site yesterday (Jan. 8).
“New Volta almost done,” he wrote. “Vocals done. Just trying to rebutcher it and finish guitar. In studio until this week then on to Mexico to add more quantum entanglement to it. The sonogram of the little beast is looking very good.”
Bixler-Zavala also revealed that Low is one of his favorite David Bowie albums, and he expressed a fondness for Peter Greenaway's A Zed and Two Noughts. Perhaps this is how all music news should be reveled in the future? Anyone still hopeful of an At the Drive-In reunion may find themselves wading through countless inane comments over the next year as they try to discover whether there's any truth in that particular rumor. [via Gigwise] [Pic: Wiki]
Pressure is carried by individuals in vastly different forms and has a way of shaping the perception of those it weighs the most heavily on. Throw a truckload of expectation into that mix, and the situation at hand could become all the more volatile.
Justin Scoggins knows these elements far too well, and it would come as no surprise if they served to harden or weather him because of it. Nothing could be further from the truth.
On a humid day two steps into the new autumn season, the UFC flyweight known as "Tank" is wearing an easy smile on his face outside of Revolution MMA in Spartanburg, SC. The eldest of the fighting Scoggins brothers is standing in an open field across the parking lot from the gym where he sharpens his craft and watching some of the best parts of his world enjoy the sunshine as they run in the open.
With wife Hannah standing by his side, Scoggins launches objects for his two German shepherds to fetch and retrieve. Once his out-of-town guests arrive for the afternoon session, Scoggins politely strolls over and offers a greeting in a laid-back and easy way.
It becomes clear from the jump the rigors of a young life in the fight game have not worn him down. The once touted prospect turned UFC Octagon veteran has experienced highs and lows while competing on the biggest stage in mixed martial arts, but no single result has tangled his fleet-footed approach.
At the same time, there doesn't seem to be much simplicity where Scoggins is concerned. His fighting nature is very much apparent, but the edges are sheathed with a surfer-seeker appeal that amplifies each laugh or smile. From first take, it appears Scoggins loves life, and with fighting being a big part of such things, he loves everything about how his journey has been crafted.
The 25-year-old steamrolled the regional competition in and around his native South Carolina to earn a call from the UFC in 2013 and has spent the past four years attempting to carve out his place as a legitimate threat to the flyweight divisional crown. When success has been found, it's arrived in impressive fashion, yet his is a path which has come with a learning curve as well.
During his eight showings inside the Octagon, Scoggins has earned victory in half of those showings, which is a far different mixture of victory and defeat than he knew in his days before the bright lights. That said, the leader of the fighting Scoggins family also takes a keen perspective, as he's now competed in more fights inside the Octagon than he'd ever accrued before receiving that coveted invite.
Furthermore, when Scoggins' defeats are examined, it's clear slight mistakes in otherwise effective game plans have brought adversity front and center. In Scoggins' mind those are further signs of the greater education in process, and he brims with the inner confidence of a man who has finally figured out how to turn a crucial corner.
This is exactly what the Greenville native plans to do when he steps in against Tim Elliott on Dec. 16 at UFC on Fox 26. The bout pits two of the flyweight division's most high-octane performers head-to-head in a fight that figures to have heavy implications for the futures of the fighters involved. Not only could the bout produce a future title challenger, but the man who loses the tilt will also be facing a tough reality.
And while all of these circumstances could create unbearable pressure, Scoggins' ever-present smile doesn't hide the tenacity behind his eyes. In fact, it only serves to amplify it, because that's the Scoggins way.
Sign Up For The FloCombat Newsletter
Don't miss breaking news, feature stories, event updates, and more. Sign up for the FloCombat mailing list today.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton are to offer Brendan Galloway a lucrative new contract to reward his rapid rise into the first-team.
The 19-year-old defender has made six starts for the Blues after breaking into the senior set-up at the end of last season.
Galloway was outstanding in Everton's 3-1 win over Chelsea on Saturday and provided the cross for Steven Naismith to score the first of his three goals.
And now, Everton will try and tie Galloway down to a fresh long-term deal to reflect his growing status at the club.
A number of leading Premier League clubs are understood to be keeping tabs on the teenager's progression and so Everton are keen to sort his future out in the coming days.
Galloway signed a four year deal when joining from MK Dons in August, 2014.
The Blues fended off interest from Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Spurs for his signature and are keen to ensure his future remains at Goodison.
Roberto Martinez had planned to send Galloway out on loan this season but the teenager's performances throughout pre-season changed his mind.
Earlier this season, Martinez said: “I think Brendan is ready to play left-back at this level,” said the Blues boss. “After 50 games he could play centre-half.
“At the age that he is, 19, every day is an improvement and every day he's getting better.”
Galloway remains Everton's first-choice left-back with Leighton Baines out with an ankle injury.
Section 377 of the Indian Penal code criminalises consensual sex between the same gender. The Supreme Court is yet to pronounce a verdict on it. But does that mean homosexuals don't exist or people with alternate sexual preferences have moved out of the country? No. It only means they are forced to remain in the closet.
Advertising
Not only is homosexuality a taboo in India, which is a chronic problem in itself, the government and judiciary's stand on it makes it more difficult for homosexuals to breathe free. There are so many people in the country who are forced into living dual lives -one as straight and the other, their natural self, gay- and remain in the closet all their lives because the society won't accept and the indifference is hard to embrace.
Sharing her brutally honest experience, a Quora user Anamika Pareek, who calls herself a proud lesbian writes that her parents don't know about her sexual preference and often, she finds it impossible to hide it because she can't fight nature.
In her post that has gone viral with over 182,400 views and 2300 upvotes, she writes it became more complicated after she had to leave her home to pursue higher studies and shared a room with another girl who didn't know Pareek was a lesbian.
Advertising
“The other day my roommate was asking me if her nipples were visible in the top she was wearing. I looked and told her no. But when I said this, I had a smile on my face which I could not control. Now this question was normal that two girls can ask each other but you tell me will she ask the same question the moment she gets to know that I'm a lesbian?” she writes.
Her reality might have made her roommate uncomfortable, she says. But can she pretend to be straight all the time, she wonders.
With this statement, Pareek highlights a pertinent point which has often been discussed around homosexuality debate. “The reason we have to hide and pretend all the time is that society will hate us. The only reason we live in depression most of the time and have suicidal thoughts are that we can't tell anyone and not everyone is courageous to come out and face the trouble.”
Concluding her post, she shares an anecdote that moved many on social media, her inability to live with her partner which “looks like a distant dream”.
Read her full post here:
Our life would have been much easier had peopled accepted us. Since they don't, so our life revolves around pretending and hiding.
Life gets complicated somehow. Especially if we go away from our home for further studies and share room with just another girl. It's easy to hide for some time but can't hide it all the time. If not everyone then roommate surely will get some hint. Though we don't fall for every other girl but there are things which make us uncomfortable, and that's the grey area where we find it difficult to hide. But then the problem is we can't control it plus if we confess it then it will leave others uncomfortable around us. Like, the other day my roommate was asking me if her nipples were visible in the top she was wearing. I looked and told her no. But when I said this, I had a smile on my face which I could not control. Now this question was normal that two girls can ask each other but you tell me will she ask the same question the moment she gets to know that I'm a lesbian?
This was just a minute example that I gave but there are many things which makes us uncomfortable and people think that either we are weird or insane to smile for no specific reason.
The reason we have to hide and pretend all the time is that society will hate us. The only reason we live in depression most of the time and have suicidal thoughts are that we can't tell anyone and not everyone is courageous to come out and face the trouble.
The other day my gf wanted to kiss me. I told her to wait for like years till we start living together because if anyone sees us, we will be in jail. Though I consoled her, but here “living together” looks like a distant dream when my parents are worried about getting me married (obviously with a boy). They have no clue about anything.
Advertising
Accepting the fact that there exists people of different genre can make our lives much more easy. Till then we are hiding and pretending to be straight. The problem is this mask can't be affixed permanently.
Chendytes lawi, commonly called the Law's diving-goose, was a goose-sized flightless sea duck, once common on the California coast, California Channel Islands, and possibly southern Oregon. It lived in the Pleistocene and survived into the Holocene. It appears to have gone extinct at about 450–250 BCE.[2] The youngest direct radiocarbon date from a Chendytes bone fragment dates to 770–400 BCE and was found in an archeological site in Ventura County. Its remains have been found in fossil deposits and in early coastal archeological sites. Archeological data from coastal California show a record of human exploitation of Chendytes lawi for at least 8,000 years.[2] It was probably driven to extinction by hunting, animal predation, and loss of habitat. There is nothing in the North American archaeological record indicating a span of exploitation for any megafaunal genus remotely as long as that of Chendytes.[2]
Although originally thought to be sea-diving duck in the tribe Mergini, analysis of ancient DNA sequences suggests that it is a basal member and a sister to the clade of extant dabbling ducks in the tribe Anatini.[3]
References [ edit ]
Jeff Sessions looked at the morning newspapers. Both the Times and the Post had the story. He turned on Morning Joe just in time to hear Mika Brzezinski speculate that his career as attorney general may be over.
“Ну, дерьмо,” he sighed, as he pulled down the bottom of his cashmere sweater vest to eliminate any unwanted creases. He then calmly walked to his private Senate office and pulled a painting of some ducks and spaniels off the wall. He paused to look at the scene, as if for the first time. “Ridiculous, Americans,” he muttered to himself. “Bears. Men hunt medvedi,” he said, letting himself enjoy speaking Russian after all of these years.
The attorney general punched some numbers into the panel behind the painting and a seamless cabinet door in the wall at his feet clicked open. The former senator pulled out a vinyl duffel bag. With one hand Sessions slid a thick stack of folders — marked “Immigration Reform,” “Operation Big League,” and “Breitbart, Phase 3” — off his oak desk and onto the floor. Quickly he unzipped the go-bag. He pulled several stacks of crisp dollars, euros, and rubles out and laid them to one side. He moved the guns and boxes of ammo out of the way and found what he needed, a thick bundle of passports binds by a rubber band. He shuffled through them, pausing only once; his old Nicaraguan passport. He lingered over that picture, dwelling on simpler times. “No way I could pull off those dreadlocks today,” he said with a chuckle and threw the document into the fireplace.
He reloaded his go-bag and took one last look around. “It was a good run,” he sighed. Sessions walked out of his office. He was heading home.
National Institutes of Health researchers have identified a new pathway that sets the clock for programmed aging in normal cells. The study provides insights about the interaction between a toxic protein called progerin and telomeres, which cap the ends of chromosomes like aglets, the plastic tips that bind the ends of shoelaces.
The study by researchers from the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI) appears online in the Journal of Clinical Investigation.
Telomeres wear away during cell division. When they degrade sufficiently, the cell stops dividing and dies. The researchers have found that short or dysfunctional telomeres activate production of progerin, which is associated with age-related cell damage. As the telomeres shorten, the cell produces more progerin.
Progerin is a mutated version of a normal cellular protein called lamin A, which is encoded by the normal LMNA gene. Lamin A helps to maintain the normal structure of a cell's nucleus, the cellular repository of genetic information.
In 2003, NHGRI researchers discovered that a mutation in LMNA causes the rare premature aging condition, progeria, formally known as Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome. Progeria is an extremely rare disease in which children experience symptoms normally associated with advanced age, including hair loss, diminished subcutaneous fat, premature atherosclerosis and skeletal abnormalities. These children typically die from cardiovascular complications in their teens.
"Connecting this rare disease phenomenon and normal aging is bearing fruit in an important way," said NIH Director Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D., a senior author of the current paper. "This study highlights that valuable biological insights are gained by studying rare genetic disorders such as progeria. Our sense from the start was that progeria had a lot to teach us about the normal aging process and clues about more general biochemical and molecular mechanisms."
Collins led the earlier discovery of the gene mutation responsible for progeria and subsequent advances at NIH in understanding the biochemical and molecular underpinnings of the disease.
In a 2007 study, NIH researchers showed that normal cells of healthy people can produce a small amount of progerin, the toxic protein, even when they do not carry the mutation. The more cell divisions the cell underwent, the shorter the telomeres and the greater the production of progerin. But a mystery remained: What was triggering the production of the toxic progerin protein?
The current study shows that the mutation that causes progeria strongly activates the splicing of lamin A to produce the toxic progerin protein, leading to all of the features of premature aging suffered by children with this disease. But modifications in the splicing of LMNA are also at play in the presence of the normal gene.
The research suggests that the shortening of telomeres during normal cell division in individuals with normal LMNA genes somehow alters the way a normal cell processes genetic information when turning it into a protein, a process called RNA splicing. To build proteins, RNA is transcribed from genetic instructions embedded in DNA. RNA does not carry all of the linear information embedded in the ribbon of DNA; rather, the cell splices together segments of genetic information called exons that contain the code for building proteins, and removes the intervening letters of unused genetic information called introns. This mechanism appears to be altered by telomere shortening, and affects protein production for multiple proteins that are important for cytoskeleton integrity. Most importantly, this alteration in RNA splicing affects the processing of the LMNA messenger RNA, leading to an accumulation of the toxic progerin protein.
Cells age as part of the normal cell cycle process called senescence, which progressively advances through a limited number of divisions in the cell lifetime. "Telomere shortening during cellular senescence plays a causative role in activating progerin production and leads to extensive change in alternative splicing in multiple other genes," said lead author Kan Cao, Ph.D., an assistant professor of cell biology and molecular genetics at the University of Maryland, College Park.
Telomerase is an enzyme that can extend the structure of telomeres so that cells continue to maintain the ability to divide. The study supplied support for the telomere-progerin link, showing that cells that have a perpetual supply of telomerase, known as immortalized cells, produce very little progerin RNA. Most cells of this kind are cancer cells, which do not reach a normal cell cycle end point, and instead replicate out of control.
The researchers also conducted laboratory tests on normal cells from healthy individuals using biochemical markers to indicate the occurrence of progerin-generating RNA splicing in cells. The cell donors ranged in age from 10 to 92 years. Regardless of age, cells that passed through many cell cycles had progressively higher progerin production. Normal cells that produce higher concentrations of progerin also displayed shortened and dysfunctional telomeres, the tell-tale indication of many cell divisions.
In addition to their focus on progerin, the researchers conducted the first systematic analysis across the genome of alternative splicing during cellular aging, considering which other protein products are affected by jumbled instructions as RNA molecules assemble proteins through splicing. Using laboratory techniques that analyze the order of chemical units of RNA, called nucleotides, the researchers found that splicing is altered by short telomeres, affecting lamin A and a number of other genes, including those that encode proteins that play a role in the structure of the cell.
The researchers suggest that the combination of telomere fraying and loss with progerin production together induces cell aging. This finding lends insights into how progerin may participate in the normal aging process.
For more about Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome, see: http://www.genome.gov/11007255.
Not all RNGs are created equal. Some giveth. Some taketh away. And some have a jpg of a butthole being stretched well beyond its elastic limits.
I took a little walk down reddit's random trail today and found a couple new additions to my front page.
If you're a programmer and you need some extra schadenfreude in your life, then give /r/softwaregore a whirl.
If you hail from the U.S. and weren't, as the GOP would put it, “tainted by dirty foreigners” then you probably haven't picked up a second language yet. /r/duolingo may remedy that. It not only serves at a meet and greet for those using duolingo - which is the shit by the way - but extra nuggets of advice get sprinkled about. It didn't take long for me to find a slick Chrome extension called “Mind the Word”. It gives your browser little doses of immersion by translating a percentage of a page into another language. I'm currently using a 15% french translation. Sadly, it doesn't seem compatible with the reddit enhancement suite.
12:00pm: The Grizzlies confirmed the completion of the deal via press release.
8:57am: The Grizzlies have agreed to flip Luke Ridnour to the Hornets for Matt Barnes, league sources tell Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo Sports (on Twitter). The Hornets may waive Ridnour as his pact is non-guaranteed for 2015/16, but the Grizzlies plan to keep Barnes in the final year of his pact (link).
Ridnour didn't get a chance to even take off his coat as the Grizzlies acquired him less than 24 hours ago. The 34-year-old was reportedly considering retirement as of March, and he hasn't publicly said whether or not he intends to play next season. His $2.75MM salary is non-guaranteed, but if Charlotte intends on waiving him, they must do so before July 10th when it becomes fully guaranteed. Ridnour is a backup point guard who's also seen time at the two, so the Hornets could theoretically hang on to him to bolster their backcourt depth.
Barnes, who came to Charlotte in the Lance Stephenson deal earlier this month, was a candidate to be waived if he remained in Charlotte. His salary is partially guaranteed for $1MM through July 1st, but is fully guaranteed for almost $3.543MM after. The veteran appeared in 76 games for the Clippers last season, notching 10.1 PPG, 4.0 RPG, and 1.5 APG in 29.9 minutes per night.
Image: Camilo Rueda López/Flickr
Ever since college, where I focused some of my studies on the wacky topic of a brain in a vat, it's troubled me that some people think only humans are capable of consciousness—rationally knowing what they are and that they exist.
Such biased thinking smells of anthropomorphic prejudice. Machines can be just as aware of their own consciousness as people, and perhaps more so, if they're programmed that way.
While the three-pound brain and its hundred billion neurons remain the least understood organ of the human body, most experts agree on a standard explanation: Human consciousness is a compilation of many chemicals in the brain forced through a prism that produces cognitive awareness designed to insist an entity is aware of not only itself but also the outside world. As an atheist and science-minded person, I buy this simplistic meat bag explanation.
But there's probably a lot more to consciousness, especially if we consider the future of superintelligence consciousnesses. To understand it and the field that encapsulates it—epistemology, the study of knowledge, with a special emphasis on what can be proven and what can't—it's always useful to start with French philosopher and mathematician Rene Descartes. He may have made the initial step by saying I think, therefore I am. But thinking does not adequately define consciousness. Justifying thinking is much closer to the meaning that's adequate. It really should be: I believe I'm conscious, therefore I am.
Delving further into this point, some computers can already think on various rudimentary levels, but we do not say they are conscious because they don't insist they are conscious. If they did, then many would argue we are dealing with a bonafide life form. However, no experts argue such a thing, at least not yet.
The recent near-future sci-fi movie Ex Machina highlights some of the core dilemmas between whether a machine intelligence is alive and truly conscious, or whether it's just following its circuitry. The story follows a human and an AI robot getting to know one another. One can't watch it and not think about the ongoing nature versus nurture controversy—the millennia-old debate of how and why humans acquired their behavior. It's this egocentric behavior that makes most humans justify their own conscious identity.
However, philosophically, Ex Machina also challenges us to ask another critical question about consciousness: What part does free will play in consciousness, if any at all? It's an interesting question, but in my opinion, the more poignant inquiry is not whether conscious entities, like humans, have free will, but whether there could ever be a consciousness without free will. Anomalies, randomness, and potentially even built-in chaos seemingly must remain intrinsic parts of the picture—otherwise it's all deterministic.
A significantly smarter intelligence than us could have no free will and it would still appear far freer, abler, more alive than us in its decisions and actions
Some fictional computers, such as HAL in Stanley Kubrick's classic 2001: A Space Odyssey, have insisted they were alive and fully conscious. And indeed, HAL appeared to be so. What made HAL conscious and alive to us, rather than some awkward Honda robot or IBM's chess champion Deep Blue, was that HAL had his own set of desires, demands, and identity. Because of this, there's no question HAL would pass the Turing Test—a test where a robot attempts to pass for being a human, something no machine has truly successful accomplished yet in the 21st century.
Some machine intelligent experts swear by the Turing Test. But is it the all-important test we make it out to be in determining intelligence and consciousness? If we met a far more advanced being—maybe a superintelligence from the future—what would their test of us be called? Would they say we have a lower form of consciousness than they do? Would they even say we have a consciousness at all?
Probably not. After all, what human believes a fish has a consciousness? Or a seagull? Or even a dog? Consciousness is built upon massive complexity—and the power to make sense of and identify oneself upon that complexity. Anthropomorphizing everything is part of that conscious process, as egotistical as that sounds. Our consciousness is specifically built upon the ability to know we have the power to craft our own destiny amongst the material world around us.
So what test might a superintelligence give us to see if we possess a so-called consciousness comparable to their own? To even tackle that question, we first have to answer if there's something outside of free will that reflects a higher consciousness.
I think consciousness, as we know it, isn't dependent on free will. A significantly smarter intelligence than us could be completely run on wiring with no free will at all, and it would still appear far freer, abler, more creative, and more alive than us in its decisions and actions. Consciousness is therefore relative, at least to humans.
Perhaps, then, the real test a superintelligence would give us would not be based on any notion of free will or justification of consciousness, but upon the basis for complexity and the speed to successfully navigate that complexity. That certainly sounds like a machine-like thing to do. But I think there's more to it, as well. I think a superintelligence's test of humans would also involve the ability to transcend mammalian limitations and biases—something I refer to as artificial intelligence relativism. Good and evil, and morality as a whole—except for being functional—would have to be checked at the door.
I've questioned in my writings before that the critical component of a superintelligence's morality is that there is none, at least nothing human-like. Morality in a machine, or in a deterministic consciousness, is nothing more than mathematical algorithm of rule-bound precision. This leaves little room for humanity and love for another, or any of the mammalian niceties that people swear by. It seems, then, that the Turing Test for superintelligence is to deny the lack of notable value for anything outside oneself. Pure narcissism, mixed with nearly unlimited computational power, is therefore the quintessential part of a test of what comprises a superintelligent consciousness.
Jacked In is a series about brains and technology. Follow along here.
Image copyright Getty Images
The chief executive of Renault Nissan, Carlos Ghosn, has said that manufacturers in Russia are facing a "bloodbath" because of the plunge in the value of the rouble.
The currency has been dropping steadily for several months, but suffered very sharp falls earlier this week.
The two firms have stopped taking orders for some new models and raised prices on others.
Several rival manufacturers have taken similar steps.
However, Mr Ghosn said he was confident the situation would stabilise, eventually.
When the rouble sinks it's a bloodbath for everybody. It's red ink, people are losing money, all car manufacturers are losing money Carlos Ghosn, Renault Nissan
"We didn't do it [suspend orders] overall, just on some models we said, 'Sorry, until we see where this situation is going we don't take orders,'" he told reporters in Tokyo.
"When the rouble sinks it's a bloodbath for everybody. It's red ink, people are losing money, all car manufacturers are losing money," he added.
Suspension
The French-Japanese Renault-Nissan alliance is a major player in Russia's car industry.
Not only does it sell vehicles under its own brands, it also controls the domestic manufacturer Avtovaz, better known as the maker of Lada cars.
Mr Ghosn said the group had suspended taking orders for some models, this included cars made in Russia, but also those which used large quantities of imported parts. Orders already placed would be honoured, he said.
Other manufacturers have been taking similar steps in response to the decline of the rouble, which has halved in value against the dollar this year.
General Motors, Audi and Jaguar Land Rover also suspended deliveries to Russian dealers earlier this week.
UK operations
If car sales in Russia do continue to decline, it could affect British manufacturing. Nissan says about 10% of the cars made at its Sunderland plant are exported to the region.
"I certainly think there could be a potential impact on Nissan's operations in the UK," said David Bailey, professor of industry at Aston Business School.
"It sells for example the Qashqai model in large numbers in Russia."
He said it could also have an impact on the premium end of Jaguar Land Rover, "albeit far less than in the case of Nissan"
U.S. flags and Gadsden flags fly in the breeze as Americans For Prosperity holds a tea party rally outside the Capitol to emphasize their desire for huge spending cuts in the budget, April, 6, 2011 in Washington, D.C. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
A major opponent of Obamacare is doubling down in Louisiana ahead of the start of that state's 2014 legislative session.
The state chapter of Americans for Prosperity — the national tea party group founded by brothers Charles and David Koch — launched on Jan. 2 and is pressing each of Louisiana's 144 lawmakers to pledge opposition to expanding Medicaid under the law.
“For our state legislative session, this is priority number one,” says AFP-Louisiana State Director Phillip Joffrion. The group sent out pledges to each member of the state's House and Senate on Friday morning and expects the lawmakers to begin receiving the pledges by early next week. The effort is matched by a seven-city town hall tour in advance of the March 10 start of the legislative session.
Fighting Medicaid expansion in Louisiana will be one of the state AFP chapter's top priorities during the session. Others include: tort reform, education reform that protects or strengthens state rights and weakens federal control, reducing government regulations, and opposing tax increases (though, he notes, this is a non-fiscal session).
“We're here to support lowering taxes and reducing the size of government as well as fighting Medicaid expansion,” Joffrion says.
The chapter is targeting federal lawmakers in its anti-expansion push, too. The group launched this year with a $600,000 ad buy against Sen. Mary Landrieu (D) over her support for Obamacare. (Landrieu's race is one to watch — it's ranked sixth on The Fix's list of the top 10 Senate races of the year.)
Despite the pressure, Landrieu has continued her push for expansion, encouraging residents to sign a petition urging Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) to opt in.
“This is her reconfirming, recommitting her vote on Obamacare,” Joffrion said.
Exactly half of states are moving forward with expansion, while 21 are not. Four are considering it. Studies have shown certain downsides to refusing expansion. Louisiana, for example, stands to lose $1.7 billion in federal funds through 2022, according to the pro-reform Commonwealth Fund. Tax services company Jackson Hewitt said in a January report that Louisiana employers may face anywhere from $42 million to $61 million in annual tax penalties.
The federal government will pay the full cost of expansion for the first three years and 90 percent annually thereafter, but opponents say there's no guarantee that Congress won't simply vote to change that funding formula as needed.
1 of 10 View Captions
Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Lt. Alex Lepley stands inside a mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Lt. Alex Lepley stands inside a mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune The inside of a mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at the UHP maintenan Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune A mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at the UHP maintenance shop in Ta Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune A mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at the UHP maintenance shop in Tay Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Lt. Alex Lepley stands inside a mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at An Iraqi woman and child walk past a U.S. Army Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle on a street in Baghdad, Iraq, Monday Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune A mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at the UHP maintenance shop in Tay Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Lt. Alex Lepley stands inside a mine-resistant vehicle (MRAP) is being fixed up for duty at
FOR A painting bearing the likeness of Nina Simone, there will be no more Sundays or any other days in Savannah's historic district, at least not for now.
At the Thursday, Aug. 3 meeting of the Savannah-Chatham Historic Site and Monument Commission, a petition requesting after-the-fact approval of the artwork under the city's mural policy ended in a 3-3 tie.
Because the petition did not receive a majority of votes, it was therefore denied. The mural was removed from the side of the petitioner Paul Suszynski 's private residence at Habersham and Hall streets the next morning.
click to enlarge A 12'x8'-foot portrait of vocalist and activist Nina Simone found a temporary home in Forsyth Park over the weekend, though plans for its future remain uncertain.
The piece also required approval from the Historic District Board of Review, which it received in July by a 4-3 vote. The staff of the Metropolitan Planning Commission had recommended approval of Suszynski's petition for the HSMC, but the “asking for forgiveness instead of permission” nature of the request did not sit well with some of the commission members.
“It is our responsibility ... to follow the rules. Even when we amend the rules to make it easier and they still aren't followed, I think it makes it even more incumbent on us to go up or down on this matter,” said HSMC Chair Eli Karatassos during the discussion.
Part of the grassroots public art project Walls of Hope, the inspirational vocalist and activist was painted by artist Scott Stanton, who goes by the name Panhandle Slim. When the project began in 2015, organizers said they were unaware of the ordinance that regulates public art in the City, and the HSMC has approved several of the murals after the fact.
Because Stanton and Walls of Hope organizers had come before the commission before, some HSMC members argued that they could not profess to be ignorant of the mural policy process, which requires advance submission and approval. It was confirmed during the meeting that paintings have continued to appear around the city without approval by MPC staff.
“When something is done outside the direction of the board, whether they meet standards or not, they are not to be recommended for approval until something is done to remediate the problem we have with this group,” argued Karatassos.
“They go willy-nilly around town putting up whatever they want, wherever they want it.”
The board seemed to agree that it wanted more murals and public art in Savannah, but opinions were split on how strictly the mural ordinance should be enforced in the case of Nina Simone.
Karatassos voted to deny staff's recommendation for after-the-fact approval of the petition, along with members Thomas Gensheimer and Dolores Engle.
HSMC members Alicia Blakely, Kristopher Monroe and Dr. Nicolas Henry voted to approve the request.
Though given a “reasonable amount of time,” Stanton chose to take down the 12'x8'-foot painting the next morning. (He maintains that it is not technically a mural since it is removable and not painted directly on the wall.)
“I'm reclaiming my sign,” joked Stanton, a play on another of his recent works for Walls of Hope, a portrait of Rep. Maxine Waters' featuring her now-famous “reclaiming my time” quote.
He says he's already had multiple offers from local organizations to host Nina, and the painting appeared on the Forsyth Park stage last weekend during the LB4 & After Foundation's Celebration of Life Festival.
In the meantime, Suszynski hasn't given up having her back on the side of his house. Contacted on Monday morning, he said he plans to submit a new petition per the rules of the HSMC's mural policy by the end of the week.
“They said they would approve it if we went through the proper channels,” says Suszynski.
“We'll see what happens.”
cs
David Coz worked in Google's Paris office, but what he really wanted was a job at the mothership in Silicon Valley.
Last spring, the French-born Coz turned up at Google headquarters in Mountain View hoping to chat about his latest project with anyone who would listen. "I came with my prototype and my luggage," he says, "and I met with 10 or 15 people." One of them was Christian Plagemann, a Google research scientist exploring new interfaces for consumer electronics devices. Though they'd never met, Coz showed him the prototype: a pair of virtual reality goggles made out of cardboard.
Plagemann was intrigued—"David showed me this cardboard box," he says, "and I thought it was absolutely amazing"—and he took the contraption to Google's bigwigs, including CEO Larry Page and vice president of engineering Sundar Pichai. "I convinced him to leave me one of the boxes. He flew back to Paris. And I started showing it around," Plagemann remembers.
Two months later, Pichai unveiled the project on the keynote stage at Google's annual developer conference in San Francisco, and Google employees handed cardboard headsets to thousands of coders as they streamed from the speakers' hall. It was a slightly odd sideshow at a conference where the company typically doled out millions of dollars in phones, tablets, and other electronic gear. But in the year since, this unexpectedly low-tech device—something that wraps around an ordinary smartphone screen—has engendered a sweeping virtual reality project inside the company, giving Google a foothold in an area poised to reshape the tech world.
Coz did join the mothership. He and Plagemann and the other Paris employee who created Google Cardboard, Damian Henry, are all part of a Google VR team that's "bigger than people think it is." In December, the team roped in a group of 3-D vision experts led by Steve Seitz, a University of Washington professor whose work gave rise to a panoramic photo application from Microsoft called Photosynth. John Wiley, who previously oversaw the visual design of the Google search engine, recently joined as well. And the team is now fashioning rather complex VR tech that puts Google in competition with Facebook, Microsoft, and others.
On Thursday, after team leader Clay Bavor showed off a new incarnation of the cardboard goggles at this year's Google I/O developer conference, he revealed that the company has designed a 16-lens camera that can record videos across 360 degrees, and that it's developing a software system that can turn these videos into the kind of immersive, stereoscopic experiences the goggles are intended to provide. The company calls all this its "Jump" VR platform, and it says GoPro will offer a version of its camera this summer. But all these developments, it seems, are merely precursors to something larger. "We have ambitions beyond just Cardboard," Bavor says. "There are many other things going on."
Attendees look through Google Cardboard VR (virtual reality) viewers during the Google I/O Annual Developers Conference in San Francisco. David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images
'The VR Nerd'
The rise of Google Cardboard shows the unusual way Google operates. In Paris, Coz and Henry worked for the Google Cultural Institute, a way for museums and other institutions to put their art online. Their cardboard goggles, meanwhile, were a "20 percent project," where Google employees dedicate one day a week (that is, 20 percent of their time) to some new idea.
The project began after they stumbled onto a little-seen YouTube video shot from a flying drone. It was a stereoscopic video meant for a 3-D headset they didn't have, and at some point, they realized they could view such videos if they wrapped a makeshift headset around a phone—"you just have to make sure the phone understands where your head is looking," Coz says—and they pitched the idea to their Paris manager as a way for students to virtually visit museum galleries.
20-percent projects have sparked some pretty serious products in the past—think Gmail and AdSense—but even for Google, the transformation of some French cardboard into a well-appointed VR team is an extreme case. "When it came out last year, it seemed like slap in the face of VR—a slap in the face of anyone who thought VR was a high-brow thing. They were like: 'It doesn't have to be that way,'" says Brian Blau, an analyst with research outfit Gartner who previously explored virtual reality both as an academic and in the commercial world. "But this slap in the face became 'Whoa, we're right.' And now it's a lot more serious too."
Last spring, after Plagemannn—a German-born engineer who previously worked on self-driving cars at Stanford UNiversity—showed the cardboard goggles to the Google braintrust, someone suggested he take them to Bavor. Bavor was a vice president of product management who oversaw user interface design for Gmail, Google Docs, Google Drive, and Google Apps. But inside the company, he was known as a "VR nerd."
"I'd been experimenting with virtual reality and telepresence: How do you and I have a conversation if we're not actually here?" says the boyish-looking Bavor. It's the kind of thing, he explains, that he has always experimented with. He likes to think he created his first VR application when he was twelve, using the old Apple Hypercard program to create a panoramic image of his home. "There were no goggles. It was very much a poor man's virtual reality. But it was something I was really thinking about."
Under Bavor, the team turned those cardboard goggles into something that's now used by as many as one million people. Blau says this makes Cardboard the most successful VR device of all time—"by a large stretch." Using Google's designs, anyone can build their own goggles, dropping two lenses into the front of the cardboard contraption and a phone into the back. From the phone, they can then use an app to play those stereoscopic videos—videos that capture the same scene from two slightly different angles and give the illusion of depth when viewed through two separate lens (one for each eye).
As the project expanded, the team added camera designers as well as Seitz and his team. Seitz retains his post at the University of Washington, but about five years ago, he joined Google to create a group dedicated to 3-D vision. "I was told I could come to Google and hire whoever I wanted and work on whatever I wanted," he says. "I was able to hire my dream team." Previously, the group built 3-D photo tours atop Google Maps and they worked on a tool that lets you refocus a photo after it's taken.
Bavor declines to say what the company is working on outside of Cardboard and Jump. But according to the Wall Street Journal, the team is building a "version of the Android operating system to virtual reality applications." Though the Journal is short on details, this implies the OS would run on a new breed of hardware—that is, googles that aren't made of cardboard.
'At The Right Time'
Google's virtual-reality effort puts it on a parallel track to Facebook, which acquired the VR startup Oculus last spring and is set to launch its Rift headset later this year. But Google is also eyeing "augmented reality" akin to what Microsoft is exploring with its Hololens headset. In addition to its much discussed Google Glass headset—which sits in a kind of limbo at the moment—the company recently joined a group that invested $542 million in the cagey augmented reality startup Magic Leap. Bavor says he was "very much involved" in the deal.
Augmented reality systems provide a way of layering 3-D images—or "holograms"—atop what you see here in the real world. The hope is that they not only provide a new way of using computing systems, such as hanging a Skype window on your wall, but also transform how we watch movies and play games and even help designers and engineers create physical objects. Virtual reality, by contrast, shuts out the real world, immersing you in a different "place" in a way that's best suited to games and education and training. On Thursday, Google released what it calls Expeditions—a way for school kids to take virtual trips to places like Venice and the Great Wall of China. It's an echo of the original pitch Coz and Henry made to their manager in Paris.
Bavor says this is the immediate future of VR. But Facebook also sees it as a means of worldwide communication. That's a long way off, but we're moving in that direction—at Facebook and Google and others. "Cardboard," Coz says, "was a project that came at the right time."
Correction: This story originally said that Steve Seitz joined Google about two years ago. He joined about five years ago.
In hindsight, we suppose that Sony's strategy with PlayStation Plus was a little cunning. When the platform holder rolled out its subscription service several years ago, it was billed as an optional extra for PlayStation 3 owners – a mere means for members to secure a pocketful of freebies for a nominal fee. As the years passed, the quality of said giveaways improved, eventually representing such ridiculous value that no one batted an eyelid when Jack Tretton quietly confirmed that you'll need to pay to play online with the PlayStation 4.
Now that it's got consumers where it wants them, though, has the quality of the premium platform taken a nosedive? With the manufacturer running a multiplayer competition to round out the year – as well as plenty of European and North American offers that take advantage of the membership – we figured that we'd take a look at PlayStation Plus as a whole in 2014, and determine how well the service has fared over the past 12 months. Has the Japanese giant taken its foot off the gas – or is the service still leading the way as far as added value is concerned?
January
It was business as usual for PlayStation Plus in January, with the PS3 titles representing the Instant Game Collection's highlights. BioShock Infinite headlined in North America, while DmC: Devil May Cry was the chief attraction in Europe. Don't Starve was the primary PS4 game in both regions.
North America
Don't Starve
BioShock Infinite
DmC: Devil May Cry
Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons
Smart As
Worms: Battle Islands
Total Value: $123.45
Metacritic Average: 81
Europe
Don't Starve
DmC: Devil May Cry
Borderlands 2
Soul Sacrifice
BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend
Total Value: £86.45
Metacritic Average: 83
February
February was another rip-roaring month for PlayStation Plus, with Outlast being one of the best received PS4 indie titles of the year. The roster of retail PS3 and Vita titles were merely the icing on the cake.
North America
Outlast
Metro: Last Light
Payday 2
Remember Me
ModNation Racers: Road Trip
Street Fighter X Tekken
Total Value: $183.44
Metacritic Average: 74
Europe
Outlast
BioShock Infinite
Metro: Last Light
Dynasty Warriors Next
ModNation Racers: Road Trip
Total Value: £137.45
Metacritic Average: 76
March
Perhaps one of the weaker months in 2014: March's free Dead Nation: Apocalypse Edition wasn't exactly outstanding, and Tomb Raider came after the release of the Definitive Edition for the PS4. Still, you can't go wrong with Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons.
North America
Dead Nation: Apocalypse Edition
Tomb Raider
Thomas Was Alone
Lone Survivor: The Director's Cut
Unit 13
Monster Hunter: Freedom Unite
Total Value: $102.94
Metacritic Average: 80
Europe
Dead Nation: Apocalypse Edition
Tomb Raider
Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons
PixelJunk Monsters Ultimate HD
Smart As
Total Value: £48.95
Metacritic Average: 80
April
Mercenary Kings was another divisive PS4 indie, but it was offset in North America by the brilliant Batman: Arkham City at least. It was a mixed Easter for Europe, however, with PES 2014: Pro Evolution Soccer being the pick from a somewhat poor list.
North America
Mercenary Kings
Batman: Arkham City
Stealth Inc: A Clone in the Dark
Castle of Illusion Starring Mickey Mouse
Velocity Ultra
PixelJunk Monsters Ultimate HD
Total Value: $87.44
Metacritic Average: 82
Europe
Mercenary Kings
PES 2014: Pro Evolution Soccer
Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time
Hotline Miami
MotoGP 13
Total Value: £79.95
Metacritic Average: 77
May
May was a much better month than April, with Stick It to the Man surprising a fair few, and the brilliant Puppeteer adding a layer of underrated class to proceedings. Muramasa Rebirth was also a nice addition to Europe's lineup.
North America
Stick It to the Man
Puppeteer
PES 2014: Pro Evolution Soccer
Skullgirls Encore
Surge Deluxe
Limbo
Total Value: $109.94
Metacritic Average: 80
Europe
Stick It to the Man
Puppeteer
Payday 2
Muramasa Rebirth
Everybody's Golf
Total Value: £76.45
Metacritic Average: 77
June
This is the month where Sony switched things up: PS4 received two titles in June, with Trine 2 and PixelJunk Shooter Ultimate among the noteworthy freebies. This was also the start of Europe and North America's lineups starting to match.
North America
Trine 2
PixelJunk Shooter Ultimate
NBA 2K14
Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time
Terraria
Mutant Mudds Deluxe
Total Value: $139.94
Metacritic Average: 82
Europe
Trine 2
PixelJunk Shooter Ultimate
NBA 2K14
Lone Survivor: The Director's Cup
Dragon's Crown
Surge Deluxe
Total Value: £81.45
Metacritic Average: 82
July
With the industry on holiday, July didn't provide a particularly scorching lineup, but Strider and TowerFall Ascension were both solid additions on the PS4. Dead Space 3 was a nice bonus for survival horror fans, while Doki Doki Universe offered something a little out of the ordinary.
North America
TowerFall Ascension
Strider
Dead Space 3
Vessel
Muramasa Rebirth
Doki Doki Universe
Total Value: $93.94
Metacritic Average: 78
Europe
TowerFall Ascension
Strider
Dead Space 3
Vessel
LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes
Doki Doki Universe
Total Value: £77.64
Metacritic Average: 74
August
It was in August when a few complaints regarding the quality of PlayStation Plus started to raise their head. Road Not Taken was yet another divisive indie, though Fez had already secured rave reviews earlier in the year.
North America
Road Not Taken
Fez
Crysis 3
Proteus
Metrico
Dragon's Crown
Total Value: $115.94
Metacritic Average: 76
Europe
Road Not Taken
Fez
Crysis 3
Proteus
Metrico
LEGO Harry Potter Years 5-7
Total Value: £79.94
Metacritic Average: 73
September
September started to put things back on track, with the sensational Velocity 2X scoring a 10/10 in these hallowed halls. PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale was also a nice addition, considering the title sold very poorly during its retail run.
North America
Velocity 2X
Sportsfriends
PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale
Hoard
Joe Danger
TXK
Total Value: $85.94
Metacritic Average: 80
Europe
Velocity 2X
Sportsfriends
PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale
Hoard
Joe Danger
TXK
Total Value: £60.74
Metacritic Average: 80
October
It was mainly more indies in October, but Dust: An Elysian Tail, Spelunky, and Pix the Cat all attained some high scores. Batman: Arkham Asylum was an unusual giveaway considering sequel Arkham City had been offered in North America earlier in the year – but, hey, it's still one of the PS3's best games.
North America
Dust: An Elysian Tail
Spelunky
Batman: Arkham Asylum
Dungeons & Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara
Pix the Cat
Rainbow Moon
Total Value: $96.44
Metacritic Average: 79
Europe
Dust: An Elysian Tail
Spelunky
Batman: Arkham Asylum
Dungeons & Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara
Pix the Cat
Rainbow Moon
Total Value: £69.94
Metacritic Average: 79
November
Sony actually announced December's PlayStation Plus lineup immediately after November's, perhaps sensing some unrest at the selection of The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. Vocal criticism aside, the title still attained rave reviews.
North America
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
Steamworld Dig
Frozen Synapse Prime
Luftrausers
The Hungry Horde
Escape Plan
Total Value: $79.94
Metacritic Average: 80
Europe
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
Steamworld Dig
Frozen Synapse Prime
Luftrausers
The Hungry Horde
Escape Plan
Total Value: £57.24
Metacritic Average: 80
December
The next step for PlayStation Plus on the PS4 was to offer retail games, and Injustice: Gods Among Us became the first boxed freebie in December. It was joined by spaghetti western Secret Ponchos, as well as a strong selection of PS3 and Vita titles – a sublime end to the year.
North America
Injustice: Gods Among Us
Secret Ponchos
Hitman HD Trilogy
Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut
Final Horizon
Titan Attacks
Total Value: $129.94
Metacritic Average: 73
Europe
Injustice: Gods Among Us
Secret Ponchos
Hitman HD Trilogy
Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut
Final Horizon
Titan Attacks
Total Value: £124.44
Metacritic Average: 73
Conclusion
With all of the data painstakingly collated, we can finally attempt to answer the initial question: did PlayStation Plus represent value for money in 2014? Well, according to our research, Sony gave away $1,349.29 worth of software in North America this year, and £960.64 in Europe. That's an average of $112.44/£81.72 per month – a number which makes the service's $49.99/£39.99 annual asking fee look like a bargain.
There are some caveats to contend with here, however. Any software given away with Sony's subscription will expire should you opt to let your membership lapse, though you will regain access should you pod up for another term within a timely manner. In addition, it's worth mentioning that not every title was a blockbuster, but the average monthly Metacritic rating according to our research was 79 in North America and 78 in Europe. Not to be sniffed at, then.
And, of course, the giveaways aren't the only things worthy of note. In addition to enabling you to play online, the Japanese giant's subscription service also offers regular discounts, as well as cloud storage, competitions, and perks such as Tune In radio. There's also the implementation of Share Play on the PS4 to take into account as well, which allows you to create a virtual couch co-op experience with your pals – even if your mates don't own the same games.
We reckon that the numbers and features speak for themselves – even if there has been some dissatisfaction with the types of titles offered over the past twelve months. Much of the PS4's library this year, for example, has centred on indie games, while the PS3 and Vita offerings also sagged a little during the slow summer months. With the December update boasting some of the best value all year, though, the service is ending 2014 on a real high note – and inFAMOUS: First Light is still to follow in January.
[ Note: Value determined by PlayStation Store prices, accurate as of 12th December, 2014 ]
What did you make of Sony's PlayStation Plus offering in 2014? Are you staggered by these statistics, or do they seem more or less on par with your expectations? Save your cash in the comments section below.
An NBA team plays 82 games (and a few more if they're fortunate), but players eat hundreds of meals over the course of a season. The game might be the main event -- but dinner is essential. When it's time to pick a place, players consider a number of factors. Do they want familiar fare or haute cuisine? A destination or a chain? Here are 10 restaurants the league loves:
1. Nobu (Los Angeles, multiple locations)
For years, Japanese chef Nobuyuki Matsuhisa operated a nondescript storefront on La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles for show-biz foodies. Today, it's the NBA's favorite destination restaurant. Steph Curry has shut down the joint, Ron Artest watched a Lakers-Mavs game (from which he was suspended) in the Dallas location, and DeAndre Jordan frequents Malibu Nobu near his home regularly.
2. The Cheesecake Factory (multiple locations)
Drake, who loves all things Raptors and Cheesecake Factory, will be happy to see a new place in Toronto. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
When the chain opens this fall in Toronto, The Cheesecake Factory will have a presence in all 28 NBA markets.
That's good news for NBA players, who have a longstanding love affair with this ubiquitous chain. James Harden was eating at the Oklahoma City location at Penn Square Mall when he learned the Thunder had dealt him to Houston.
What's the appeal for players? Enormous portions, roomy booths that can accommodate large bodies, and the security of knowing the offerings are consistent at every location.
3. Philippe by Philippe Chow (New York)
Reigning NBA Champions Golden State Warriors Celebrate Victory by Taking over Philippe New... https://t.co/MfInC3Ybz7 pic.twitter.com/cShTTbICen — The Hollywood Times (@hwoodtimes) February 11, 2016
For more than a decade, savvy NBA veterans haven't been able to get enough of the chicken satay at this upmarket Chinese spot a block off Central Park. But it isn't about the food at Philippe -- it's about the glitz and glamour of celebs holding court in the black lacquer and scarlet parlors. In February 2016, the Warriors took the place over after shellacking the Knicks, hosting nearly 100 friends and family.
4. Prime 112 (Miami)
Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union were often spotted at this Miami establishment back in 2013. Alexander Tamargo/Getty Images
Prime 112 is the default postgame dining location for any visiting NBA player to Miami. In both 2013 and 2014, LeBron, D-Wade & Co. hit the contemporary steakhouse after polishing off the Indiana Pacers in the conference finals. After paying the bill, ballers are on the doorstep to South Beach's hot nightlife options.
5. Chipotle Mexican Grill (multiple locations)
More popular with younger guys than with vets, the Mexican fast-casual chain is the NBA's No. 1 go-to option on the road, where there's sure to be a location in close proximity to the team hotel. Many player agents procure a Chipotle celebrity card for their clients, entitling them to a free meal every day. As fast food goes, the burritos and bowls are a comparatively healthy alternative to the chicken fingers that led the league in usage rate a decade ago.
6. Benihana (multiple locations)
Well yall I got up and made it to Benihana. Thank u baby Jesus. A post shared by Mario Chalmers (@mchalmers6) on Sep 28, 2014 at 6:51pm PDT
A thorough investigation found that Pacers star Paul George leads the league in affinity for this Japanese steakhouse chain. There's actually a Twitter feed dedicated to mentions of Benihana by NBA players. The place has several things going for it. The theater-in-the-square seating makes it conducive for group dinners. The hibachi steak, chicken and shrimp offerings make it a protein bomb in an increasingly health-conscious league. And NBA players admire the handles of the swashbuckling chefs.
7. Il Gabbiano (Miami)
Win or lose, Spurs coach and noted oenophile Gregg Popovich is up for some fine dining. AP Photo/Michael Conroy
After then-Miami Heat sharpshooter Ray Allen ripped out the Spurs' hearts in Game 6 of the 2013 NBA Finals, coach Gregg Popovich insisted that the San Antonio Spurs keep their reservation at this white-linen Italian favorite in downtown Miami overlooking Biscayne Bay. The encyclopedic wine list, creamy risottos and veal chops provided a salve for the Spurs. But the just desserts came one year later following Game 4 when they were back at Il Gabbiano after grabbing a 3-1 lead over Miami with two perfect exhibitions of basketball.
8. Catch (New York and West Hollywood)
Lakers guard Jordan Clarkson has been in the sights of paparazzi at Catch in West Hollywood with model Hailey Baldwin. Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE via Getty Images
Location, location, location is the secret to the enormous New York flagship of this upscale haunt. Situated in the Meatpacking District, players can feast on seafood towers and sushi before heading upstairs to the rooftop bar. When ready to move on, they're only four blocks from 1OAK, the NBA's club of choice in Manhattan. Since opening last year, Catch's West Hollywood location -- also outfitted with an appealing rooftop bar -- has become a magnet for NBA stars during their West coast swing and the offseason.
9. Fogo de Chao (multiple locations)
Rockets center Nene has been known to enjoy an upscale chain serving the tasty Brazilian fare of home. J Pat Carter/Getty Images
A churrascaria used to qualify as too exotic, but when athletes realized that it essentially translates into an all-you-can-eat meat parade served tableside along with unlimited salad and veggies, they began to flock en masse to this Brazilian steakhouse. NBA players like that Fogo takes reservations and will accommodate large parties in private rooms. In March, Jahlil Okafor treated a party of several dozen, including the entire boys basketball team from his alma mater in Chicago.
10. Ruth's Chris Steakhouse (multiple locations)
We at Ruth Chris steakhouse and @jhard13 just asked the waiter did Ruth Chris really live here!! WTF hahahaahah — Kevin Durant (@KDTrey5) January 19, 2010
When eating on the road, NBA players fear the unknown, but they often want a more urbane experience than what The Cheesecake Factory offers. On those nights, they often head to this chain steakhouse that boasts a location in 27 of the league's 28 markets (for visitors to Oklahoma City, we recommend Cattleman's for authenticity, Mahogany for refinement). The BBQ shrimp appetizer is a favorite.
As you know from all the articles we've written about entrepreneurship, we are the first to cheer on anyone who follows their dreams and decides to take a chance, which could potentially change the world. That kind of commitment and dedication to innovation and creative ideas inspires the world and pushes humanity forward. However, it's also important to look at the facts. When it comes to startup failures, which industries are most likely to fail and which are most likely to succeed?
When I think of startups, I normally think of a tech startup, but startups aren't just in the tech industry. According to Wikipedia, “A startup is a company designed to grow fast. Being newly founded does not in itself make a company a startup. It is not necessary for a startup to work on technology, or take venture funding, or have some sort of ‘exit.' The only essential thing is growth. Everything else we associate with startups follows from growth.”
From that perspective, a startup could be a business in almost any industry. I found this infographic called What's The Chance A Startup Business Will Fail? by Staff.com to be interesting with regards to this topic. If you look at the different sectors listed on here, you'll get a good feel for the kinds of business that will succeed, and you'll also get a good feel for what could lead to a startup failure.
There are also some projections on here regarding startup failures which reach all the way out to 2017. According to this, restaurants and retail stores are the most likely to end in failure. Here in Atlanta, I see that everyday. Stores and restaurants open and then close in popular shopping centers all the time. Since most of our readers are techies, the good news is that e-commerce and online publishing businesses are both doing well! I don't like reading anything with the word ‘fail' in it, but in order to be informed, I think it's important to at least glance at this list. It could mean the difference between startup success or startup failure.
Startup Failure Insight: Choose A Growing Industry
(Click Infographic To Enlarge)
Coming up this evening at 9, "Piers Morgan Live" sets the table with another fascinating – and in many ways delicious – edition of "Guest Host Week," as celebrity chef and television personality Anthony Bourdain writes his own menu, and as always, candor and humor are the specials of the day.
Joined by his colleagues, fellow chef's Eric Ripert and Mario Batali, the dinner conversation turns to, of all things, "The Biebs":
"One of my favorite artists, Justin Bieber, was filmed recently going through the kitchen of an operating nightclub, a busy kitchen, and apparently chose to relieve himself into a mop bucket in the actual kitchen itself in front of the kitchen staff. More to the point, [he] left a mess for, you know, the night clean-up guy, the morning dishwasher," explained the host of "Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown." "Surely you don't approve of this sort of behavior. What would be the appropriate response, were you the chef at this establishment and young Justin Bieber decided to stop in your kitchen to relieve himself and syphon the python into the mop bucket. How would you respond?"
Holding little back, Batali suggested a slight serving of physicality might be in order:
"I would have brutally kicked his ass. I mean, that's not just being funny and flip that's actually peeing on somebody's workplace," said the American chef, writer, and restauranteur. "That's odd, that's weird, that's just…I mean I think he just needs a wakeup call. I don't think he's an evil kid."
Seated directly to Batali's left, Ripert wrote off Bieber antics as simply the result of youth and ignorance:
"He was drunk and stupid," said the French chef.
Watch the clip further to see Bourdain finish the sentence "no matter how drunk and stupid I've ever been," and then tune in at 9 for the full episode of "PIers Morgan Live" hosted by Anthony Bourdain.
-
» Follow "Piers Morgan Live" on Twitter
» Follow "Piers Morgan Live" on Instagram
I walked down Bedford Avenue, a veritable ocean of beard. Realizing that I've never been shaved with a straight razor before, I showed up at Barber and Supply, a cavernous salon in a former garage in Williamsburg. I told my barber, Rich, a hirsute Mediterranean-looking man with studs in each ear, that I was anxious about the “Sweeney Todd aspect” of a straight razor. My anxiety was for naught.
Four eucalyptus-scented towels and many delicate razor strokes later, Rich had proved himself a master of the blade. He correctly diagnosed that I shave my neck down instead of up, which causes irritation.
Next I told Rich: “I could also use some mustache counseling. My boyfriend has been growing a 'stache and I want to be supportive.” Rich looked confused. I said, “Well, it is sort of like having a small, hairy new pet in the home.” Rich counseled: Enjoy the 'stache. Honor the 'stache.
To get the true Brooklyn experience, it became clear I needed to do some of my visits while riding young Brooklynites' vehicle of choice, a fixed-gear bicycle. A grizzled older gentleman rented one to me at Zukkies bike shop in Bushwick, but not before asking me four times if I'd ever ridden one, and telling me “I couldn't do it.” On a “fixie,” you see, you can't coast or backpedal, you're always moving forward: the shark of the bike world.
I was fine until I rode down steep hills, at which point, not wanting to shred my brakes, I tried to slow my terrifying descent via knee power; after two hours of this, I imagined that my increasingly hydrocephalic knees would burst through my pants legs. It was, as the kids say, totally ridic. Additionally: whatever affinity marketer is responsible for the high incidence of tippy, thin-wheeled racing bikes on the city's most hole-filled roads should be shot at dawn. I later happily switched to a nonfixie or, as I think of it, a swingy.
Physical exertion made me hungry. I didn't feel secure enough in my biking skills to ride all the way to the all-Brooklyn foodstuffs purveyor By Brooklyn in Carroll Gardens, where you can find espresso soda, not to mention hibiscus soda syrup, and Granola Lab granola nor could I make it to the all-artisanal-mayonnaise store in Prospect Heights. But I knew I could manage Bushwick's wonderful pizzeria, Roberta's. Roberta's has the ugliest entrance of any restaurant I've ever seen, barbed wire leading to heavily graffitied concrete cinder blocks: gulag in da hood. I waited almost an hour for a table.
Bosch Fawstin, a former Muslim who won the Muhammad cartoon contest at the Texas free speech event attacked by two gunmen Sunday, will soon be added to the Southern Poverty Law Center's (SPLC) list of hate groups.
Mr. Fawstin won $12,500 in prize money at the event, sponsored by Pamela Geller's American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI), for a drawing that showed a sword-wielding prophet in a turban shouting, “You can't draw me.” In reply, a cartoon bubble portrayed the artist as writing, “That's why I draw you,” Reuters reported.
The SPLC, which already includes AFDI on its annual list of U.S. hate groups, plans to add the artist to its 2016 report, Heidi Beirich, who leads SPLC's Intelligence Project, told Reuters on Monday.
Ms. Beirich said Mr. Fawstin would have been listed before Sunday's attack, but the center did not know his location. The organization has since learned that his website is registered in New York City, Reuters reported.
“He's like the artist of the movement,” Mr. Beirich said, calling his website “virulently ugly.”
“His views, they are hate views,” she added.
Mr. Fawstin laughed when asked about the SPLC report: “So they want to put a cartoonist on there who doesn't act out violently? Go for it,” he told Reuters.
Garland police killed two gunmen who opened fire Sunday on a security guard outside Ms. Geller's event, where Dutch politician Geert Wilders was the keynote speaker. The security guard's injuries were not life-threatening.
At least one of the suspects slain in the attack is reported to be an Islamic State sympathizer. Elton Simpson had been convicted of a terror-related charge in 2011, which landed him on the federal no-fly list. The Islamic State terror group has taken responsibility for the attack, prompting a federal investigation into the claim.
Drawings of Muhammad are strictly forbidden under Islamic law. Many prominent voices in the media have condemned Ms. Geller and others involved in the event for provoking violence, and some have accused them of advocating hate speech. Garland Mayor Douglas Athas said Ms. Geller “invited an incendiary reaction” and “put my police officers, my citizens and others at risk.”
Ms. Geller has accused her critics of victim blaming, penning an op-ed for Time magazine Wednesday that asked: “Are the Jews responsible for the Nazis? Are the Christians in the Middle East responsible for being persecuted by Muslims?”
“Putting up with being offended is essential in a pluralistic society in which people differ on basic truths,” she wrote. “If a group will not stand for being offended without resorting to violence, that group will rule unopposed, while everyone else lives in fear.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A leading young Democrat and de Blasio administration employee has a secret taste for sickening kiddie porn that involves baby girls as young as 6 months old, court papers revealed Friday.
Jacob Schwartz, 29, was busted for allegedly keeping more than 3,000 disgusting images and 89 videos on a laptop after downloading the filth from the internet.
The illegal smut shows “young nude females between the approximate ages of 6 months and 16, engaging in sexual conduct… on an adult male,” court papers say.
Schwartz's father — labor lawyer and Democratic insider Arthur Schwartz — called his son's case “a personal tragedy.”
“I understand these are serious charges,” said the elder Schwartz, who watched his son get arraigned in Manhattan Criminal Court on Thursday night.
“He's already in therapy for this.”
Jacob Schwartz surrendered to NYPD computer-crimes investigators in Manhattan's 13th Precinct on Thursday morning, sources said.
He'd been under investigation since March 29, when he handed over his laptop and gave cops written permission to search it, court papers say.
Jacob Schwartz is the president of the Manhattan Young Democrats and the downstate region vice president of the New York State Young Democrats.
But his name and photo were scrubbed from both groups' Web sites after The Post broke the news of his arrest.
A statement from the Manhattan Young Democrats said the organization was “shocked” by the allegations against Schwartz, and added that he was “no longer a member of the board, and an interim president is now in place.”
A photo posted last year on Twitter shows him posing with Robby Mook, then the campaign manager for Hillary Clinton's disastrous presidential campaign.
Schwartz is employed as a $66,360-a-year computer programmer analyst in the city Department of Design and Construction, where he works on the “Build It Back” Hurricane Sandy recovery and resiliency program.
Schwartz was hired after working there as an intern in fiscal 2015, records show.
De Blasio ignored questions about his arrest following a news conference in The Bronx, but a spokeswoman later said Schwartz “is being terminated immediately, and the agency is cooperating with investigators.”
According to his online biography, Schwartz got involved in politics at a young age, helping his father campaign for Democratic district leader in Greenwich Village.
The elder Schwartz served as New York counsel to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' failed presidential campaign, and was also the campaign treasurer for law professor and liberal activist Zephyr Teachout when she challenged Gov. Andrew Cuomo for the 2014 Democratic nomination.
Arthur Schwartz also had his own brush with the law in 2015, when he was busted for removing hidden surveillance cameras trained on the front door of a $700-a-month, rent-stabilized apartment occupied by a 93-year-old client battling her landlord.
Prosecutors agreed to drop felony grand larceny charges in exchange for Arthur Schwartz paying $720 in restitution.
Jacob Schwartz attended Lehigh University, where he was a member of the “On Tap” a cappella singing group, which later scored a gig on the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship.
The all-male quartet scored high marks on the “Cruise Critic” website, where a member from Denmark wrote in 2013, “we really enjoyed the On Tap boys on our Infinity cruise to Alaska.”
Jacob Schwartz was charged with promoting a sexual performance by a child and possessing a sexual performance by a child under 16, both felonies, and released on $7,500 bail.
Bicyclists who barrel through red lights without even slowing down are the worst, right? As urban cycling has grown in popularity, this reckless behavior has become a major traffic hazard, exasperating drivers and endangering pedestrians and cyclists.
Bicyclists who slow to a crawl at red lights, but then roll on through if there are no pedestrians or cars nearby aren't so bad though, are they? Or I should say “are we?” because I do that on occasion. Not in, you know, midtown Manhattan, but in other, less-trafficked parts of town. I did get a ticket for this once in New Jersey, but it if I remember correctly, it cost me only $95. It hasn't stopped me from continuing to roll through red lights when I deem it appropriate.
In Sydney, Australia, and the rest of the state of New South Wales, this kind of behavior will get a lot more expensive next month. The fine for running a red light on a bike is going up from 71 Australian dollars to 425. And while the commodity-bust-induced decline of the Australian dollar means that that's only $306 (it would have been $468 in July 2011), it's still a pretty hefty fine. It's also the same as the fine for running a red light in a car.
From Angus Whitley's Bloomberg story on the new cycling rules:
“Fines should reflect the consequence of the offence,” said Ray Rice, chief executive officer of Bicycle New South Wales, the Sydney-based lobby group with about 15,000 members. “There's no logic in this automatic equivalence. You can hardly say these measures are an incentive to ride.”
New York City actually treats bikes the same as cars, too. The fine for running a red light varies depending on the circumstances but seems to usually be around $200.
Potential fines don't seem to have discouraged people from riding bikes in New York, though. By one measure (cyclist counts at a few key locations), ridership has almost tripled in the city over the past decade. Other factors — more bike paths, more bike lanes, a critical mass of other cyclists — seem to matter more than penalties.
A New York City councilman did recently propose that the state relax the red-light and stop-sign rules for cyclists. The model is Idaho, where bikers are allowed to treat red lights as stop signs and stop signs as yield signs. In a 2014 Vox piece on the “Idaho stop,” Joseph Stromberg laid out a pretty good set of arguments for why the stop-sign part of this arrangement makes sense. He only glancingly addressed traffic lights, though.
A key difference between stop signs and lights is this: If a city deems an intersection busy enough to merit a traffic light, it's saying it doesn't trust drivers to make their own decisions about when to go. So why should it trust bikers?
One reason might be that bikers are less likely to cause harm to others than drivers are. Pedestrians can't really harm anybody just by walking, so I buy the argument made by Dante Ramos in the Boston Globe last week that enforcing jaywalking rules is a waste of the police's time (the risk of injury and death more effectively shapes pedestrian behavior than jaywalking fines do). But bikers can cause harm to others. They're also usually allowed to share the roadway with cars, which pedestrians aren't. So I'm having trouble articulating a strong case for why they (meaning I) should be allowed to selectively ignore red lights. I do think we have too many traffic lights in general, but that's another argument entirely.
And bikers who think that traffic rules don't apply to them really are a problem, in New York City and lots of other places. In part because they've been ignored and embattled for so long, many bikers in the U.S. have an outlaw attitude that you don't really encounter in bike-friendly countries such as the Netherlands. That's understandable, but it's also dangerous — and a terrible way to sell the rest of the population on the idea that getting more bikes on the streets is a good thing.
So OK, police: Definitely keep giving tickets to reckless bikers who blast through red lights. Maybe try allowing cyclists to proceed cautiously on red at certain T-intersections and right turns, as Paris is doing. And while I really hope that you don't give me a ticket the next time I roll through a red light on a quiet Saturday morning, I'm afraid I can't come up with an entirely convincing argument for why you shouldn't.
Per Se chef Thomas Keller in his kitchen in 2004
One of the city's highest rated and most exclusive restaurants racked up enough violations in its latest health inspection to get a "C" grade.
Per Se had seven violations, worth 42 points, with five of the violations deemed critical, according to the Feb. 19 inspection report.
The inspector observed soiled wiping cloths, no hand-washing facility or soap near the food prep area and hot and cold items, including smoked fish, not stored according to proper temperatures.
Per Se, which is one of just seven New York City restaurants to have three Michelin stars, offers a nine-course tasting menu for $310 per person. On Monday, the offerings included "Tsar Imperial Ossetra caviar," a terrine of duck foie gras and lobster "a la Bordelaise."
Inspectors give an "A" for 0 to 13 points, "B" for 14 to 27 points and "C" for 28 or more.
The report says Per Se has a "grade pending."
Restaurants that get a "grade pending" are typically contesting their grades and are awaiting the chance to argue their case at an administrative tribunal.
Per Se did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment Tuesday.
In its last inspection June 2013, Per Se had one violation worth 7 points, but other inspections in 2013 and 2011 revealed a similar number of problems.
TULSA, Okla. -- G.J. Kinne threw for 356 yards, including touchdown passes of 42 yards to Charles Clay and 25 yards to Trae Johnson, to lead Tulsa to a 33-20 victory over Bowling Green on Saturday night.
Bowling Green (0-2) scored on its first possession, but the Golden Hurricane (1-1) was able to open a 33-14 lead by the end of the third quarter, helped by four field goals by Kevin Fitzpatrick.
Bowling Green quarterback Matt Schilz shook off five sacks and three interceptions to throw for 262 yards and run for two scores. His 2-yard bootleg cut Tulsa's lead to 33-20 with 9:54 left, but he was intercepted by Charles Davis at the TU 9-yard line with 5:32 to play.
Alex Singleton led TU with 74 yards in 16 carries. Tulsa amassed 540 yards while limiting Bowling Green to 303.
Photo via Flickr user Pablo Ruiz Múzquiz.
As you pore over a scrumptious listicle about the 17 best movies of 2014 and wonder which ones to torrent, be warned that when the clock strikes midnight on January 1, 2015, a letter may be in the mail with your name on it if you decide to join the peer-to-peer swarm.
Beginning on January 2, 2015, Canadians downloading and sharing copyrighted materials (TV shows, movies, songs, etc.) will be subject to new "notice and notice" provisions under Canada's 2012 Copyright Modernization Act. But what does this mean for the average internet lowlife?
Practically, the law means new powers will come online for rights holders to send threatening letters to internet subscribers whose IP addresses are alleged to have pirated copyrighted material. But it's not clear that these notices will truly have any teeth—yet.
A few internet service providers (ISPs) have already been sending the letters to customers to inform them that the 240p cam-rips they've been downloading off of sites like The Pirate Bay are illegal, and that they should cut it out. But the difference in 2015 will be that the notice and notice provision will officially come into force. Thus, more people will see more letters.
The letters have already started working. Data from Rogers reveal that only 5 percent of subscribers receive notices about piracy, 68 percent receive one notice, 89 percent of alleged pirates receive two notices, and only one customer in 800,000 gets "numerous notices." So it looks like once users get the official message in legalese, most of them stop all the downloading or perhaps switch to a less traceable method of not paying for content.
In summary, the notice and notice system seems to have a lot going for it. A great deal of Canadians politely stop infringing copyright when asked nicely, without messy court battles or people getting kicked offline. So why worry now?
Canada's copyright law doesn't oblige ISPs to divulge any information about the alleged offender to the plaintiff, so alleged pirates are currently well protected from the mass lawsuits by copyright trolls that have proved so popular in the United States. Copyright trolls are firms that will try to find all alleged pirates of certain files from their clients, and threaten the scofflaws with expensive lawsuits until they pay up.
Right now, ISPs are simply required to keep a record of the notice to the subscriber for six months, or one year if it somehow becomes a court case. Information like name, address, etc. remains private, out of the hands of trolls.
But Canada's protections against these legal goon squads could soon evaporate, thanks to a new law making its way through Parliament.
As Motherboard previously reported, the bill, called S-4 or the Digital Privacy Act, would "allow for an organization to 'disclose personal information without the knowledge or consent of the individual,' in circumstances of fraud or 'for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province that has been, is being or is about to be committed.'"
Now, obviously hopping onto a torrent swarm to download and share copyrighted material is illegal, so it seems pretty clear that ISPs could voluntarily, warrantlessly, and secretly hand out subscriber information if S-4 becomes law. In that case, you may not get a warning letter. Instead, you'd be on the end of a legal threat asking you to pay up anywhere from $20 to $5,000 per infringement or head to court.
VICE reporter Justin Ling queried Industry Minister James Moore's office about the Digital Privacy Act, and received a few unconvincing reassurances about the bill's effects which were called into question by statements the Alberta Privacy Commissioner.
At least some of the responsibility for maintaining Canada's sane, effective approach to copyright rests with the ISPs themselves. If copyright trolls come a-knockin', will they voluntarily hand over subscriber information?
The big ISPs appeared to be making some progress on protecting user privacy from warrantless government searches, but recent documents unearthed by Ottawa-based digital policy expert Michael Geist revealed that "Internet providers have tried to convince the government that they will voluntarily build surveillance capabilities into their networks."
As Geist wrote, Canada's large ISPs actually seem to be enthusiastic about building capabilities to hand over their subscribers private information to authorities whether it's a legal requirement or not. Frankly, this news doesn't inspire much confidence that ISPs will go to bat for their customers when copyright trolls threaten suits. Consider yourselves warned!
The future of copyright enforcement in Canada is up in the air, but for the moment, the only sure impact of the notice and notice regime is that a whole new set of IP addresses will begin to receive letters from rights-holders via their internet provider. These letters aren't backed up by much, but it's still a good idea to take them seriously, and keep an eye out for Bill S-4.
With the wealth of legal, innovative, and convenient methods of paying for content these days, it's also advisable to try your best to find ways to compensate creators for the works that you're enjoying. If you must insist on torrenting through 2015, beware: the letters you receive might just have consequences.
Chris Malmo is a donor relations coordinator at OpenMedia.
MADRID — Undaunted by the defeat of the Scottish independence movement a day earlier, separatists in the Catalonia region of northeastern Spain pressed ahead on Friday with plans to hold a similar vote there.
The regional Parliament in Barcelona voted overwhelmingly, 106 to 28, to give its leader the power to call a vote on independence, a step that the central government in Madrid has said would be illegal. The vote is planned for Nov. 9.
Despite its outcome, Scotland's referendum “opens the way for us, because what happened there is that they voted,” Artur Mas, the head of Catalonia's regional government, said at a news conference.
Mr. Mas said Scotland had provided “a great lesson in democracy,” and urged Spain's prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, to follow Mr. Cameron's example and allow a referendum, rather than continue to veto proposal after proposal. “To think you can shut up a Catalan society that wants to vote isn't going to work in a democracy of the 21st century,” Mr. Mas said.
Like many people, I was thrilled when the U.S. Treasury announced its plan to put a woman on the $10 bill. Long overdue, if you ask me! The jury's still out on who it will be, though. It might be Eleanor Roosevelt or Rosa Parks or any number of other great American women. But I have another suggestion, and it's going to knock your socks off: my beautiful daughter Sydney Louise.
She'd be perfect, I'm telling you. Absolutely perfect.
That daughter of mine is the cutest, most darling little girl you'll ever meet. Believe me, you'd be crazy not to want to see that sweet pumpkin's face every time you break a $20. I know for a fact that when you see her there in your wallet, smiling back at you, it will brighten up your day.
“Would you believe she knows how to say ‘I love you' in Spanish? I don't know where she got that—I didn't teach it to her. She's just a really smart kid.”
Advertisement
Not to downplay the other candidates' achievements, of course. Harriet Tubman, Susan B. Anthony—they're all great. I'm sure they'd make excellent choices. But let's not forget that my daughter plays soccer, rides horseback, does jazz tap after school, and sold the most Girl Scout cookies in her Brownie troop this spring. Eighty-three boxes! Eighty-three!
As if that weren't enough, her little face when she sleeps is, honest to God, the most peaceful, angelic thing you've ever seen in your life! I tell you, you wouldn't want to see that precious face of hers on just the 10; you'd want it on ones, fives, 20s—all of 'em!
Now, I know what you're thinking: “Of course he thinks that. He's her father. He's probably just biased.” But let me tell you something: It's not just me! I swear, whenever we go to the park or the store or out to eat at Friendly's, people are always coming up to me and telling me how adorable she is. And you know what? She is adorable.
Advertisement
Just the other day, a waitress went out of her way to say how polite my daughter was for having her napkin folded neatly in her lap. Can you even imagine having a little sweetheart like that on a crisp new banknote?
Look, the decision to honor an American female on our paper money for the first time ever is exciting news—not just for women, but for everybody. And to think that person could be my one and only Sydney Louise? I'd be over the moon. It would be hard for me to even spend one of those bills.
She's that precious.
If you need more convincing, I've got lots of photos you can see on Facebook. There's one from Halloween last year when she was a Minion, and it will melt your heart—I've got that one as my computer wallpaper! If you're still unsure, check out the video clip of her singing a solo at the Christmas pageant. Her verse of “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus” stole the show! And when she was waiting her turn to sing onstage, she was very well-behaved, which is more than I can say of the other kids in her class.
Advertisement
What's more, she's riding her bike all the time now, and she loves to read—absolutely loves it. (She's been reading since she was 3!) And would you believe she knows how to say “I love you” in Spanish? I don't know where she got that—I didn't teach it to her. She's just a really smart kid.
Honestly, who wouldn't want a girl like that on the new 10? That's why I'm asking everyone who reads this: When they start asking who you'd like to see on the $10 bill, say “Sydney Louise Trammell.” You'll be glad you did, I swear.
Just so there's no confusion, I should mention that my other daughter, Stephanie, is a sweet girl too, but between you and me, she's really not $10 bill material.
There have been huge rumours this weekend suggesting Valve could be working on a "Steam Box" mini-PC designed to sit under your TV in your front room. The Verge dropped a payload of as-yet unconfirmed information on Friday which suggested that a prototype of the box was shown off to potential partners at CES. The Verge suggest that it would be an open platform capable of running different types of client software, not just Steam, and would receive regular hardware updates at set intervals every few years, allowing developers to plan their games around a predictable upgrade cycle. The base unit is said to contain a Core i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and an Nvidia GPU.
Kotaku have dug up a tweet posted by Valve's Greg Coomer showing him working on a mini-PC with very similar specs back in November. The Verge also have word that Valve are working on a controller for the Steam Box. A patent filed last year suggests that it could have swappable components, and it's thought that Valve intends to put biometric measuring tech into the controller.
That might sound insane, but Valve have previously talked to us about how they use gaze tracking, skin galvanic response and pulse rate to gauge player reactions. They also made some surprising discoveries when they let players in a co-op session together see each other's pulse rates. Here's what Gabe Newell had to say about this back in 2010.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gabe Newell: There are some surprising side-effects that we didn't expect, like what happens when you expose that [biometric] information in a social gaming context. It surprises us that how much value there is to the people who are playing. So if you're in a competitive situation, and you see somebody's heart rate go up, it's way more rewarding than we would have thought. And if you see somebody in a co-op game who's sweating, people tend to respond to that way more than we would have thought.
So we can stop using our guess at what your player state is in Left 4 Dead, that we kind of expected. But the value of being able to see what other people's biological state is in social gaming, that was not something we were anticipating. But that's just the way things go.
PC Gamer: This is for internal testing right? You're not going to sell me a heart rate monitor and plug it into Steam?
Gabe Newell: Well, what you want to do is figure out how clients can expose their state. So you're trying to find non-clunky, non-stupid ways of getting that data. I mean, if you sit there and give a medical technician 30 minutes to wire you up, you can get awesome, awesome data. But it's just not the consumer experience.
Doug Lombardi: We can ask them to shave their heads before they play…
PC Gamer: That's a small price to pay.
Gabe Newell: Right. But if someone comes up with a clever way to take some non-visible light and bounce it off your retina, and read it with your web camera, and get your pulse rate that way, then that's pretty cool. Because it may be a hard problem, but if you solve it once then you're done. It's not like a recurring hard problem.
So we think there are several people out there with interesting approaches on the hardware side. Enough that we have confidence that the hardware side will be a sort of resolved problem in the not too distant future. So we need to figure out how to take advantage of it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Verge also mention that the Steam Box would incorporate Valve's already-announced Big Picture mode designed specifically for use with big TV displays.
It's thought that the Steam Box could be revealed at GDC this week or at E3 in summer. Valve haven't confirmed or denied any aspect of the Steam Box chatter this weekend, so all of the info is firmly in rumour territory for now. If it's real, it's huge news. A reliable, modular, open source alternative to consoles with no license fee or dedicated dev kits could be a game changer. What do you think?
An undated picture released on October 26, 2015 by the Greek Culture Ministry shows an ivory comb, one of the items found in a 3,500 years old warrior tomb unearthed in the Peloponeese region of Greece (AFP Photo/)
US archaeologists in Greece have uncovered the skeleton of an ancient warrior that has lain undisturbed for more than 3,500 years along with a huge hoard of treasure, the Greek culture ministry announced Monday.
The treasure is “the most important to have been discovered in 65 years” in continental Greece, the ministry said.
The wooden coffin of the unknown soldier — evidently a person of some importance — was found on the site of the Mycenaean-era Palace of Nestor on Greece's Peloponnese peninsula.
He had been laid to rest with an array of fine gold jewelry, including an ornate string of pearls, signet rings, a bronze sword with a gold and ivory handle, silver vases and ivory combs.
The jewellery is decorated in the style of the Minoans, the civilisation that flourished on the island of Crete from around 2000 BC, with the figures of deities, animals and floral motifs.
The archaeologists, Jack L. Davis and Sharon R. Stocker from the University of Cincinnati, have identified more than 1,400 pieces “whose quality testifies to the influence of the Minoans” on the later Mycenaeans.
The Mycenean civilisation spread from the Peloponnese across the whole of the eastern Mediterranean in the 2nd century BC.
The tomb, which stands at 2.4 metres (7 feet 10 inches) long and 1.5 metres wide, was unearthed during excavations begun in May near Pylos, on the site of the palace of Nestor.
Built between 1300 and 1200 BC, the palace's ruins were discovered in 1939.
Image copyright Thinkstock
The number of people saying they are on zero-hours contracts has risen, according to official figures.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said there were about 903,000 people whose main job did not guarantee a minimum number of hours between April and June.
That's up 21% from the figure of 747,000 for the same period last year.
It means that 2.9% of people in employment are on such contracts, compared with 2.4% last year.
Shops, hotels and care homes are among the businesses that use zero-hours contracts.
Frances O'Grady, general secretary of the TUC, said: "If you don't know how much work you will have from one day to the next, paying the bills and arranging things like childcare can be a nightmare."
The Resolution Foundation said some workers favoured the flexibility, but the think tank called on the government to provide more help for people with insecure working conditions.
A Department for Business spokesman that almost 70% of workers on zero-hours contracts were happy with the number of hours they work.
The ONS releases this data twice a year - the figure for October to December 2015 showed that about 801,000 people were on zero-hours contracts.
However, that figure is not comparable with the latest number because it is likely that the use of such contracts is affected by the time of year.
The ONS usually also releases a figure based on a business survey, indicating how many zero-hours contracts have been issued for work done over a particular period.
Last November there were 1.7 million such contracts, but the ONS has had a data collection problem this time and so has delayed the updating of this figure.
Image copyright PA Image caption Sports Direct has promised to scrap zero-hours contracts for casual retail staff
Big survey
The figure for the number of people saying their main job is on a zero-hours contract comes from the Labour Force Survey, in which the ONS speaks to about 40,000 households every quarter.
As it is based on people's responses, it is sensitive to whether people are aware that they are on zero-hours contracts.
The ONS warns that the figures may have been influenced by greater awareness of the contracts, although it could not quantify how much of an effect there had been.
Because the figures are based on a survey, even a very large survey, they are not precise figures.
The ONS is 95% confident that the figure of 903,000 is right within plus or minus 68,000. That means the rise of 156,000 is statistically significant.
New details that have emerged in the case of this weekend's stunning physical attack upon Senator Rand Paul confirm: You need more calcium Rand Paul.
Initial reports said that Paul suffered “minor” injuries in a dispute with a neighbor. But the latest information, including the arrest warrant obtained by Sam Stein, tells us that these are the facts: Rand Paul, 5'8, age 54, was tackled from behind by his neighbor, Rene Boucher, who is 5'8 and 166 pounds. The tackle broke five of Paul's ribs.
Seems like a lot of ribs.
Weak bones? Need more resilience in ya ribs? Milk is a great source of calcium and vitamin D, both vital for bone health. You get old and stop drinking milk and next thing you know every time a medium sized neighbor tackles you all your ribs are snapping like the buttons on tearaway pants. Meanwhile if you had stayed on your milk game, you would have not only had brawny bones but muscles as well—thanks to the protein packed into every serving of milk. Try it in chocolate or strawberry flavors if necessary. The important thing is you keep downing glass after glass of that frosty creamy calcium treat. Don't stop until you're dead.
Drink that milk Rand Paul. This is not a game out here.
Today, most people are eating a lot of omega-6 fatty acids. At the same time, the consumption of animal foods that are high in omega-3s is the lowest it has ever been. Scientists suspect that a distorted ratio of these polyunsaturated fatty acids may be one of the most damaging aspects of the Western diet.
Why Care About Omega-6 and Omega-3 Fatty Acids? Share on Pinterest Omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids are called polyunsaturated fats because they have many double bonds (poly=many). Your body doesn't have the enzymes to produce them, so you must get them from your diet. If you don't get any from your diet, you develop a deficiency and become sick. That is why they are termed "essential" fatty acids. However, these fatty acids are different than most other fats. They are not simply used for energy or stored, they are biologically active and have important roles in processes like blood clotting and inflammation. But omega-6s and omega-3s don't have the same effects. Scientists believe omega-6s are pro-inflammatory, while omega-3s are anti-inflammatory (1). Of course, inflammation is essential for your survival. It helps protect your body from infection and injury, but it can also cause severe damage and contribute to disease when it's chronic or excessive. In fact, chronic inflammation may be one of the leading drivers of the most serious modern diseases, including heart disease, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, arthritis, Alzheimer's and many types of cancer. Scientists have hypothesized that a diet high in omega-6s but low in omega-3s increases inflammation, while a diet that includes balanced amounts of each reduces inflammation (2). Those who follow a Western diet are typically eating way too much omega-6s relative to omega-3s. Many believe this is a serious health problem. Summary An omega-6 to omega-3 ratio that is too high may contribute to excess inflammation in the body, potentially raising the risk of various diseases.
How Much Omega-6 Did Non-Industrial Populations Eat? According to Dr. Stephan Guyenet, typical omega-6 to omega-3 ratios for pre-industrial populations ranged from 4:1 to 1:4. Hunter-gatherers who ate mostly land animals consumed these fats at ratios of 2:1 to 4:1, while the Inuit, who ate mostly omega-3 rich seafood, had a ratio of 1:4. Other pre-industrial populations were somewhere in between. Anthropological evidence also suggests that the ratio human beings evolved eating was somewhere around 1:1, while the ratio today is about 16:1 (3). Although these populations had a lower life expectancy than modern people, some researchers estimate that chronic lifestyle diseases, such as heart disease and diabetes, were much less common. Not only did pre-industrial populations get much less omega-6 from their diets, they also got more physical exercise, ate less sugar and didn't have access to modern junk food. All of these factors could explain their lower rates of modern lifestyle diseases. However, the effect cannot be solely attributed to a lower intake of omega-6 fatty acids. Summary People who ate a pre-industrial diet had an omega-6 to omega-3 ratio of about 4:1 to 1:4, most falling somewhere in between. The ratio today is 16:1, much higher than what people are genetically adapted to.
The Problem With the Western Diet Western populations are eating large amounts of processed seed and vegetable oils. Some of these oils are loaded with omega-6s. The technology to process these oils didn't exist until about 100 years ago, and people have not had time to genetically adapt to the high amounts of omega-6. In the graph below, you can see the dramatic increase in soybean oil consumption in the US, from zero to 24 pounds (11 kgs) per person per year. This amounted to a whopping 7% of total calories in the year 1999 (4). Share on Pinterest Soybean oil is currently the biggest source of omega-6 fatty acids in the US because it is really cheap and found in all sorts of processed foods. In the graph below, you can see how the amount of omega-6 fatty acids found in body fat stores has increased by more than 200% (3-fold) in the past 50 years alone. Photo from: Dr. Stephan Guyenet Thus, the fats people are eating today are leading to actual changes in their bodies, both in terms of their body fat stores and cell membrane health. A high amount of omega-6 in cell membranes is strongly associated with the risk of heart disease, which makes perfect sense given their potential pro-inflammatory effects (5): However, no high-quality controlled studies have investigated the effects of omega-6 acids on heart disease (6, 7). Also, controlled studies show that linoleic acid — the most common omega-6 fatty acid — doesn't increase levels of inflammatory markers (8). In fact, it remains unclear whether a high intake of omega-6 fatty acids has any effects on the risk of chronic lifestyle diseases. On the other hand, lots of evidence supports the positive health effects of omega-3 fatty acids. For example, their heart benefits are significant (9, 10, ). Omega-3s may also improve all sorts of mental disorders like depression, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder (12, 13, 14). Nonetheless, excessive intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, including omega-3 and omega-6, has several risks. The double bonds in the fatty acid molecules are very reactive. They tend to react with oxygen, forming chain reactions of free radicals. These free radicals can cause cell damage, which is one of the mechanisms behind aging and the onset of cancer (15, 16, 17). If you want to improve your ratio of omega-6 to omega-3, it's probably a bad idea to eat a lot of omega-3 to compensate. Having a relatively low, balanced amount of each is best. Summary The consumption of vegetable oils high in omega-6 has increased dramatically in the past 100 years. Scientists believe this may cause serious harm.
Avoid Vegetable Oils High In Omega-6 The single most important thing you can do to reduce your omega-6 intake is avoided processed seed and vegetable oils that are high in omega-6, as well as the processed foods that contain them. Here is a chart with some common fats and oils. Avoid all that have a high proportion of omega-6 (blue bars). Share on Pinterest You can see that butter, coconut oil, lard, palm oil and olive oil are all relatively low in omega-6. Sunflower, corn, soybean and cottonseed oils are, by far, the worst. Avoid these like the plague. For more information on healthy cooking oils, read this article. It's important to realize that benefiting from a diet low in omega-6 fatty acids is a long-term process and requires permanent lifestyle changes. Most people store immense amounts of omega-6 fatty acids in their body fat, and it can take a while to get rid of them. If you are concerned about omega-6 fatty acids, use vegetable oils that contain low amounts of omega-6 fatty acids, such as olive oil. Also, consider taking omega-3 supplements or eating fatty fish twice per week. Summary The most important thing you can do to reduce omega-6 intake is to eliminate processed vegetable oils from your diet, as well as the processed foods that contain them.
Eat Animal Foods That Are High In Omega-3 Animal foods are among the best sources of the preformed omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA. One problem today is that animals are usually fed grain-based feeds containing soy and corn. This reduces their omega-3 contents, so the polyunsaturated fats in the meat are mostly omega-6 (18, 19). Therefore, if you can afford it, grass-fed meat is definitely optimal. However, even conventionally raised meat is healthy, as long as it is not processed (20, 21). Even some conventionally raised meats like chicken and pork may be high in omega-6. If you want to decrease your omega-6 intake as much as possible, choose meats from the leaner parts of those animals. It's also a good idea to buy pastured or omega-3 enriched eggs, which are higher in omega-3s, compared to eggs from hens raised on grain-based feeds. One effective way to increase your omega-3 intake is to eat seafood once or twice per week. Fatty fish like salmon are particularly good sources. If you eat a lot of conventionally raised meats and/or don't eat much seafood, consider taking a fish oil supplement. Cod liver oil is a good choice that contains added vitamins D and A. There are also some plant sources of omega-3, including flax and chia seeds. However, these contain a type of omega-3 called ALA. The human body is inefficient at converting ALA into the active forms — EPA and DHA (22). For this reason, animal sources of omega-3s, such as fish and grass-fed animals, are usually better choices. However, vegan-friendly supplements containing EPA and DHA from algae are available. Summary You can increase your intake of omega-3 fatty acids by taking supplements or eating grass-fed meat or fatty fish.
By now you may have heard about a controversial immigration law passed in Arizona that makes it a crime under state law to be in the country illegally.
The law grants police the power to stop and verify the immigration status of anyone they suspect of being illegal. The measure was criticized Friday by President Barack Obama, who asked the Justice Department to research the law.
It sounded to the Law Blog like we were heading toward a big federalism showdown. So we turned to Karl Manheim of Loyola Law School in Los Angeles and Erwin Chemerinsky of UC Irvine Law to pregame it for us. Their response: the law is DOA.
The Arizona law appears to be “facially unconstitutional,” Manheim said. “States have no power to pass immigration laws because…
Gorillaz will make their live comeback by headlining their own festival this summer.
Co-creators Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett, who have been working on a new Gorillaz record for the last two years, will bring their animated alter-egos to Demon Dayz festival at Dreamland theme park in Margate, Kent on June 10. It's their first UK show since the Plastic Beach world tour in 2010.
With three stages and the full line-up set to be announced soon, tickets go on general sale at 9am on March 10, priced £60.00 plus fees and include free admission to the amusement park. For further details head to the Demon Dayz festival website.
Gorillaz recently shared the video accompanying Hallelujah Money, their first new track in six years and the first taste of their new record which is coming later this year.
Gorillaz Upcoming Tour Dates are as follows
Sat June 10 2017 - MARGATE Dreamland
Click here to compare & buy Gorillaz Tickets at Stereoboard.com.
Let Us Know What You Think - Leave A Comment!
Related News
Gorillaz Share First Ever Live Performance Video For Tranz Gorillaz have shared a new music video for Tranz.
Gorillaz Post Superorganism and DJ Koze Remixes Of Humility Gorillaz have shared two new remixes of Humility.
Gorillaz - The Now Now (Album Review) To music lovers of a certain age Gorillaz remain an afterthought: a secondary project after Damon Albarn's best work with Blur.
The Twilight Sad - It Won/t Be Like This All The Time (Album Review) When football fever gripped England in the summer of 2018, as Gareth Southgate's side saw off Sweden to book a place in the World Cup semi-finals, the celebrations extended to the sweltering heat of London's Hyde Park. A huge crowd had assembled to witness a similarly colossal line-up curated by the Cure at British Summer Time, swapping the pubs and bars of the capital for sweeping goth-pop following the final whistle.
Broken Social Scene Announce 'Let's Try The After (Vol. 1)' EP, Share Lead Single All I Want Photo: Richmond Lam Broken Social Scene are streaming the lead single of their forthcoming new EP, 'Let's Try The After (Vol. 1)'.
Steve Mason - About The Light (Album Review) ‘About the Light', Steve Mason's first collection since 2016, is a raucous album of finely tuned British rock that gyrates and swaggers with skill and precision. It's an excellent turn from a musician whose decades-long musical career has taken him on a journey through folktronica, experimental indie and the borderlands of downtempo shoegaze, and who has been through multiple reinventions since the Beta Band called it quits.
Blood Red Shoes - Get Tragic (Album Review) Blood Red Shoes' fifth studio album is a lairy procession of ‘90s-infused indie-rock songs that make great use of Laura-Mary Carter's sexy, laconic burr. Created after the band fell out—and Carter promptly left for L.A.—the Brighton duo built bridges and got to work. The result is probably their best work since 2008's ‘Box of Secrets'.
Twenty-six dead in Texas church massacre: A society ravaged by pathological violence
By Kate Randall
7 November 2017
A small town in Texas was the scene of a horrific mass shooting Sunday morning. A lone gunman, wearing black tactical gear and a ballistics vest, and toting what authorities described as an “assault-type rifle,” opened fire at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, population about 700, southeast of San Antonio, killing 26 people.
At least a dozen of the dead were children, one as young as 18 months. Eight members of one family were killed. The grandmother of the shooter's wife was also killed. Fifteen of the 20 wounded remain in area hospitals, several in critical condition.
The shooter, Devin Patrick Kelley, 26, was pursued by a local resident, who saw the attack and drew a weapon and fired on the gunman. Kelley dropped his weapon and attempted to escape by driving away. Two people followed him by car and he was eventually found dead in his vehicle, crashed by the roadside in a neighboring county. Authorities believe he died of a self-inflicted wound, with several weapons at his side.
When Americans turned on their televisions or checked their phones or laptops midday Sunday, many shook their heads in disgust at the news of yet another gruesome mass shooting in America. More innocent lives gunned down in what authorities would have us believe are “senseless killings,” with no real explanation provided aside from describing the gunman as someone gripped by “pure evil.”
But do such banal explanations hold up under conditions where these mass shootings continue to occur with regularity and increasing brutality? The Sutherland Springs shooting took place just five weeks after the Las Vegas shooting at a country music festival, the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history, which left 59 dead and 546 injured.
Eight of the 20 deadliest mass shootings in the US have taken place over the past five years (all figures include the perpetrators):
November 5, 2017: Sutherland Springs, Texas church shooting—27 dead
October 1, 2017: The Harvest music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada—59 dead
June 12, 2016: Pulse Nightclub, Orlando, Florida—49 dead
December 2, 2015: San Bernardino, California shooting—14 dead
October 1, 2015: Umpqua Community College shooting, Oregon—10 dead
September 16, 2013: Washington Navy Yard shooting, Washington DC—13 dead
December 14, 2012: Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, Newtown, Connecticut—28 dead
July 20, 2012: Century 16 movie theater shooting, Aurora, Colorado—12 dead
Following Sunday's shootings, the authorities were quick to chime in with their religious platitudes, as well as cynically seizing on the tragedy as an opportunity to advance their pro-gun-lobby or gun-control agendas.
Speaking at a joint press conference with Japanese President Abe Shinzo in Japan, President Trump stated: “I think that mental health is a problem here. Based on preliminary reports, this was a very deranged individual with a lot of problems over a very long period of time … but this isn't about guns.”
Former president Barack Obama tweeted: “We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred, and we'll stand with the survivors as they recover. May God also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.”
But such statements are cold comfort to the Sutherland Springs families who are grieving and offer little by way of explanation to the public at large as to why such atrocities continue to happen. Of course, the perpetrators of these mass shootings are invariably deranged individuals. How could it be otherwise? What “sane” person would gun down innocent people at a church, a university, an elementary school, or a music festival? But there are always deeper societal issues at work in the lives and actions of these individuals that drive them to lash out with violence.
In his 26 years, Devin Patrick Kelley had already participated in his share of violence before Sunday's incident. A spokeswoman for the Air Force confirmed that Kelley, who joined the military after graduating from high school in 2009, was court-martialed in 2012 on two charges of assaulting his first wife and her child. The child reportedly suffered a fractured skull.
He was confined for a year, given a bad conduct discharge, and reduced in rank to an airman basic. Although this discharge should have barred him from purchasing weapons, the Air Force never informed the FBI of the charges against him.
Kelley's first wife divorced him in 2012 and he remarried in Texas in 2014. Authorities say there was a “domestic situation” between him and his in-laws that led to the assault. His mother-in-law was a parishioner at the Sutherland Springs church, and she had reportedly received threatening text messages from him, although she was not present at the church on Sunday.
NBC also reported that two of Kelley's ex-girlfriends said he stalked them after breakups. A search of criminal records in Comal County, Texas, where he lived, found a record of only minor violations, including driving with an expired registration, speeding, and driving without insurance.
While Kelley lived in Colorado Springs, Colorado for a short time in 2014, he was arrested on an animal cruelty charge, according to police records, involving beating a dog with both fists and punching it in the head and chest, a witness said. He paid a fine in that case.
But the question remains, what kind of society molds such an individual, willing to settle a seemingly petty score by carrying out mass murder? One must first look to the US military. For Kelley and other young men and women, the US has been in a perpetual state of war—in the Middle East, Afghanistan, Africa and elsewhere—for their entire lives. The current occupant of the White House is threatening the obliteration of an entire nation and people in North Korea.
Kelley—faced with the prospect of unemployment, a low-paying job in the service industry or the precarious “gig” economy—chose to enlist in the military upon graduation from high school. He likely absorbed the military's jingoism and “America First” mentality, but the Air Force eventually spit him out with a bad conduct discharge after he abused his family.
Thousands of young people have also been drawn into the abuse of opioids, spurred on by the lack of job opportunities and the predatory drug companies. Opioid overdoses claimed the lives of about 64,000 Americans last year, a jump of 21 percent over the previous year, according to new figures release by the Centers for Disease Control.
And while the Trump administration claims that not one cent in additional funding can be provided for the opioid “public health emergency,” the White House and the Republicans are pushing through a massive tax cut for corporations that will lower the corporate tax rate from the current 35 percent to 20 percent.
Increasing numbers of older workers are unable to retire, and are working into their 70s to maintain their health insurance and enough money to pay their rent or mortgages. For the first time since 1993, at the height of the AIDS epidemic, life expectancy actually declined between 2014 and 2015.
It is no wonder that a new report from the American Psychological Association, “Stress in America: The State of Our Nation,” reveals that nearly two thirds of Americans (63 percent) are “really, really, really stressed” about the future of the United States. This stress about the future of America supersedes even the usual suspects: money (62 percent) and work (61 percent).
Other common sources of stress reported by those surveyed include social divisiveness (59 percent), health care (43 percent), the economy (35 percent), potential wars/conflicts with other countries (30 percent), unemployment and low wages (22 percent), and climate change and environmental issues (21 percent).
Despite these very real concerns among ordinary Americans, the two big-business parties have no interest in addressing issues of social inequality and the struggles of workers and young people on a daily basis to survive and provide for their families.
The mainstream media and cable news networks took some time away from talk of “Russian meddling” in the 2016 elections to provide some sensationalist and uninformative coverage of the Sutherland Springs church massacre. But this coverage was peppered with new “revelations” about Russia and Vladimir Putin's intervention into every aspect of American political life. It would not be shocking to hear one of the media's talking heads suggest that Putin may have somehow been responsible for Sunday's shooting tragedy.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Nowhere in the world has more accommodation available on Airbnb than Paris. Now the home-sharing website that has transformed budget travel to the French capital is giving its super-deluxe hotels a fright too.
ADVERTISING Read more
“The Paris market is going to get very difficult,” said Didier le Calvez, managing director of the French capital's famed Bristol Hotel. Along with bosses of the city's other luxury hotels, he denounces Airbnb as a menace that enjoys an unfair advantage.
A trawl of the Paris region's 50,000 Airbnb offerings - there were only 7,000 across the whole of France in 2012 - suggests le Calvez and his colleagues have reason to be concerned.
Now, Paris has become the No. 1 destination for Airbnb users – and is increasingly attracting wealthy renters. Airbnb currently has on offer between 380 and 400 Paris apartments at over €500 a night and, of those, about 40 charge over €1,000.
Add in the attraction of individuality, anonymity and in some cases extra beds, and that puts them potentially in competition with the 1,000 euro a night luxury Bristol Hotel and half a dozen other high-end Paris hotels, which have about 1,500 rooms to offer in total.
The Paris luxury sector is already worried about a surge in competition from newly opening hotels. Consultants JLL Hotels & Hospitality estimate that capacity will be 60 percent higher in 2018 than a decade earlier.
A downturn in visits from wealthy Russians and Brazilians as their economies falter, and fears among US visitors of rising anti-semitism in France, are also a factor.
Seventeenth century penthouse
The Bristol suffered a 20 percent drop in revenue in the first half of this year and an occupancy rate that fell to 61.2 percent from 69.2. The renowned Four Seasons George V saw a 5 percentage point drop in occupancy to 66 percent in the same period. These factors saw The Plaza Athenee cut its prices by 20 percent last winter.
At the same time, maid and concierge services and other extras are all available along with some seriously upscale real estate on Airbnb, the US-based firm which has been valued at around $10 billion.
One flat available was once the home of film star Brigitte Bardot, and whose “140 metre square terrace offers you a breathtaking 360 degree view of the capital city” - all for £1,200 a night.
Another similarly-priced flat has a view of the Eiffel Tower from its luxurious-looking bathroom.
American actress Judith Freiha gets rave reviews for her one-bedroom apartment on the stunning Ile Saint Louis, an island in the River Seine near the heart of the city whose buildings date back to the 17th Century.
At €900 euros a night her bijou 54 square metre penthouses - with its two terraces facing south to a secluded courtyard and north onto the main street - attracts Silicon Valley professionals, supermodels and wealthy courting couples. One romantically inclined client proposed to his girlfriend there.
Included in the price is a “meet and greet” service from Freiha herself, who has family in Paris with whom she can stay.
She lets her flat around six weeks a year, for stays ranging mainly from two nights to a week.
Airbnb, however, says it is not in competition with the the French capital's hotels.
“It's a totally different thing,” said Nicolas Ferrary, director of the company's operation in France.
A spokeswoman added: “These residences are chosen for the unique experience they offer, but which remain very different from what a luxury hotel can propose.”
Earlier this year, Airbnb's CEO Brian Chesky also paid a visit to the capital to reassure Paris city officials that his company has only boosted tourism to the city .
“I don't think for us to win [that] anybody has to lose,” he said after the meeting with Deputy Mayor Bruno Julliard, noting that Airbnb chiefly serves as an alternative for those who struggle to find affordable accommodation and who would otherwise not be able to afford visiting Paris.
Julliard agreed, saying: “Airbnb has become an essential offering for accommodation in Paris, especially for younger tourists”.
But despite those arguments, the city's high-end hotels are not so sure.
Does the new law change anything?
A recent change in the law, which was previously unclear about sub-letting homes, gave French people the right to do so with their main residence for four months of the year.
Although they should declare any income for tax purposes, they do not face the other tax and social charges that a business such as a hotel has to pay.
“It's a tax attack,” said François Delahaye, managing director of the Plaza Athenee.
Jose Silva, who runs the Four Seasons George V, said: “It's obvious that a large part of our clientele, especially the families, will abandon the hotels.”
The surge in super-luxury hotel capacity that began in 2008, just before the financial crisis struck, was aimed at satisfying demand for the ultimate pampering city break.
For Silva at the George V, the industry just needs to keep raising its game. The refurbished Ritz, opening at the end of this year, and the updated Crillon, which will be bookable in 2017, are testament to that.
“Wealth and world demand is going to grow,” he said. “Hotels should continue to offer a radically different experience.”
(FRANCE 24 with REUTERS)
Named CEO of Deloitte last March, and listed in Crain's “50 Most Powerful Women in New York” for 2015, Cathy Engelbert attributes her success to one personality trait above all: confidence.
“I think it dates back to having to compete for cereal with my brothers at home,” she quipped, speaking at the recent Wharton Women in Business conference. One of eight children, five of whom were boys, Engelbert said, “If I can handle that, I can handle any business meeting, believe me.” She added that playing college basketball and lacrosse were confidence boosters as well, tracing these abilities, too, to growing up with brothers: “being thrown in the backyard with them…. My confidence came from always needing to compete.”
For women who didn't grow up with ready-made, rough-and-tumble male competition (or did, but found it less character-building), Engelbert offered other paths to success, sharing her thoughts as the first female CEO of a Big Four accounting and consulting firm. Deloitte is the largest professional services firm in the U.S., serving 80% of the Fortune 500, with 70,000 professionals in nearly 90 U.S. cities and India.
Self-promotion Is Overrated
“I'm probably a little bit of an outlier for women,” said Engelbert, “because I don't believe that you have to self-promote to get where you're going.” She added that research shows that women tend to struggle with self-promotion, so it may not be their best route. “Now that I'm the CEO, I see it. I see men come into my door, and women come into my door. It is really different.”
“I think [my confidence] dates back to having to compete for cereal with my brothers at home.”
She advised women to instead build their capabilities and their confidence, saying that leaders would recognize talent and leadership qualities without an “overwhelming level of self-promotion…. I do believe in ‘the cream always rises to the top'…. At least for me it worked.”
But do women always get the recognition they deserve? “We can all think we're discriminated against, and I'm sure many of us are,” Engelbert acknowledged. “But I see a ton of optimism in corporate America around the advancement and retention of women.” Deloitte, in fact, is considered a leader when it comes to programs that help women and families in the workplace. It is on Working Mother's “100 Best Companies” list, and among Fortune's “100 Best Companies to Work For.” But Engelbert believes that programs alone are not enough, and that women can do a lot to further their own professional advancement.
Embrace the Pace of Change
On the subject of building capabilities and confidence, Engelbert encouraged women to expand their knowledge and skills in “hot” areas such as technology and other male-dominated fields. As CEO, she is seeing firsthand just how big a priority technology is for business.
“I've gotten to talk with CEOs of corporations like Hewlett-Packard, Southwest Airlines, JP Morgan, Citicorp, McKesson, Allstate, you name it … over 100 CEOs in the past seven months,” she said. “And what I hear is that the world is changing so rapidly, and everyone's trying to determine how they can use technology and the pace of change not to disrupt their business, but to come out ahead Twitter .” She noted that banks are considering themselves technology companies now, and, conversely, technology companies aspire to become banks. “There's a blurring of industry lines like I've never seen in my 29-year career.”
“I'm probably a little bit of an outlier for women, because I don't believe that you have to self-promote to get where you're going.”
If technology is what the C-suite is talking about, said Engelbert, they will want to hire and promote people who are focused on it, too. “Think and be curious about things like cyber, digital, cloud, the sharing economy, the Internet of Things.” Acquiring more capability in these areas will give women more confidence to succeed. She commented that women in business schools should develop their STEM knowledge (science, technology, engineering and math). “I call it STEAM,” she said, adding an “A” for her own field — accounting and auditing. Women in traditional business programs might have to search their university's engineering department for more advanced courses in these areas. “Go look at whether there is an analytics, big data, data science or elevated-level statistics course, because that's what employers like me want to see.”
‘Raise Your Hand'
Engelbert also encouraged women to “raise their hand”: to take on varied assignments in order to expand their scope. “I raised my hand and said I want to do different things,” she said, describing how she worked in accounting research for two years in Deloitte's national office, and became an expert on valuation and accounting for derivative financial instruments. In doing so, she met with treasurers and CFOs from around the country. The position, she said, “opened a whole new door of networks for me that I never would have had.”
It's also OK to say no to an assignment, she told the audience. But try to have a “yes” — a counter-proposal — right behind it. Engelbert was once asked to work on a project in St. Louis that she felt was not in her skill set. Moreover, she was living in New Jersey and had just had her second child. While turning down the opportunity, she volunteered to take another one which drew on her expertise in the pharmaceutical and life sciences area, and was also much closer to home. “Within two weeks, I was on my way to that client three miles away where I could run home and feed my child and go back. It was actually a pretty fun time.”
Sponsors and Mentors
Engelbert spoke about the importance for women of having sponsors and mentors in business, both formally through corporate programs and informally in working life. She noted that now-retired CEO Mike Cook started a Deloitte program in 1993 called the Initiative for the Advancement and Retention of Women. “We were the first to do that among the big firms,” she noted. “From a diversity and inclusion perspective, it was important to have a starting point.”
“We can all think we're discriminated against, and I'm sure many of us are. But I see a ton of optimism in corporate America around the advancement and retention of women.”
Engelbert said that Cook — who had two daughters himself — was aware at the time that 50% of Deloitte's new hires out of school were women, but among the ranks of Deloitte's partners, fewer than 10% were women. “We've made enormous progress, culminating in me being named CEO, but we're still moving forward.”
Who were Engelbert's sponsors when she became CEO? She explained that unlike a corporation in which the board appoints a CEO, Deloitte is a partnership in which candidates must be nominated and then voted in by two-thirds of the company's 3,000 partners. She observed, “Sponsorship is sometimes about people behind the scenes who are sitting in rooms determining your assignments and your next career step, and you don't even know who they are.” In Engelbert's case, she found out after the fact that one partner, with whom she had worked “on one project, a couple of days here and there,” had been her strongest advocate, saying things like, “‘We need to get Cathy this leadership role, because ultimately I think she has the potential to be a real high-level leader in this organization.'
“Seek out counsel, and be a mentor to people, because then they learn how to be mentors,” advised Engelbert. “But you also need sponsors: people who will pound the table for you to be promoted, for you to do the next thing in your career.”
Juggling Your Life
“There is stress in high-performing careers, particularly in the business world,” said Engelbert. “When you're responsible for 70,000 people like I am at Deloitte, it actually is pretty intimidating.”
She emphasized the importance for both women and men of having a full, well-rounded life. Citing author James Patterson's quotation about the five balls we juggle in life — work, family, health, friends and integrity — she said that the work ball is made of rubber: If we “drop the ball,” as we sometimes do, it bounces back. “You have a bad day, you have a bad project, you have someone you don't like that you're working with: You've got to keep that in perspective.” But the other balls, she says, are made of glass, and can shatter if we don't pay attention to them. “Always keep that in mind,” she said.
Share. Moffat, Gatiss, and Vertue assure fans you'll learn what happened at the end of season two. Moffat, Gatiss, and Vertue assure fans you'll learn what happened at the end of season two.
BBC's popular series Sherlock made its first appearance at San Diego Comic-Con this year. Even though Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman couldn't attend, producer Sue Vertue and co-creators and executive producers Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat made the trek and provided some insight about Season 3 of Sherlock. The Season 2 finale ended on a cliffhanger, and fans were left wondering how Sherlock Holmes managed to fake his own death.
Moffat said the information is there for audiences to figure out what's happened, and it will all be revealed in the Season 3 premiere. “It's a rational explanation, we knew how it was going happen. When you see the answer you'll see yes, we knew in advance and it had to be plotted out.” And he also pointed out, “The important thing is to remember is there are only a few ways you can fall off the roof and survive. It's not black magic.”
Likewise, he confirmed Moriarty is indeed gone. “He shot himself through the brains dead. You don't come from back from that.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Moffat and Gatiss both agreed the more interesting part about Sherlock's return is not how he did it but how it affects John Watson, Mycroft, and everyone in Sherlock's life. “That moment [when Watson meets with Sherlock for the first time in episode one] is electrifying,” said Gatiss. It will be emotional and given the time it deserves. Gatiss mentioned Watson's reaction was dealt with too quickly in the books. Mycroft's response will be shown, too. Gatiss said his character will be around next season at least for that. “We wanted to explore how it affected all the regulars - his friends and extended family.”
Besides returning from the dead, Sherlock will be involved in another major event next season – John Watson's wedding. A sneak peek of episode two of the next season showed Watson asking the very confused Sherlock to be his best man. The clip also showed Sherlock's toast at the reception, and it's hilarious. Half of the room gave a standing ovation, and the acting and writing in the short clip deserved it.
If that's any indication of how Season 3 will go, fans are in for a treat. Everyone's excited about it. Moffat said, “I think it's really good. I think it's different. It's moved on a bit. It's slightly more human, more real. We've got scenes in there we wouldn't have contemplated putting in previous years.” Gatiss emphasized there's still a lot of fun even though the season has a dark beginning.
Vertue seemed confident Season 4 is a done deal. Beyond that? She said, “I think as long as everyone wants to keep doing it, we'll keep doing it.” Moffat confirmed their current filming model makes it easy for everyone to come back to the series in between other gigs.
Season 3 of Sherlock premieres in 2014.
Amy Ratcliffe is a writer for IGN TV. You can follow her on on Twitter at @Amy_Geek and IGN at alratcliffe.
Imminent Late Night host Seth Meyers is known best for two things: Presiding over Saturday Night Live‘s writers' room since 2005, and expertly anchoring the Weekend Update desk — with Amy Poehler, alone, and with Cecily Strong — since 2006.
What you may not remember, though, is that Meyers originally joined SNL as a featured player way back in 2001, giving him the second longest tenure of any cast member in SNL history. (He's outstripped only by go-to impressionist Darrell Hammond, who stuck around for 14 seasons.) And though Meyers only really became a household name when he inherited Tina Fey's Update seat, his 13 years of Saturday Nights also included plenty of memorable work away from the fake news desk. (And that's not even counting his behind-the-scenes contributions; Meyers was instrumental in crafting SNL‘s wicked take on Sarah Palin, among countless others.)
So before Meyers departs SNL for good this weekend, let's take a look back at some of his best non-Update sketches — the type of stuff we likely won't see much of once he makes the leap to Late Night. After all, if you looked that good in a suit, you'd move away from character work too.
10. “Patriotic Briefs”
Seth Meyers moved to New York City on August 20, 2001 — meaning his very first episode of SNL and the series' first post-September 11 show were one and the same. Meyers' first actual sketch appearance, however, came the following week, in a bit that memorably skewered 9/11-inspired shows of patriotism. And while Will Ferrell's bare butt is certainly the sketch's centerpiece, Meyers also gets in a few great reaction shots. Ironically enough, the full jingoistic masterpiece only seems to be available through a Russian YouTube clone.
9. “Anderson Cooper 360: Celebs Rebuild Houses”
Meyers has a gift for finding humor even when he's playing the straight man, as in this sharp take on celebrities offering their help to Katrina-ravaged New Orleans. His best Cooperian quip: “I stand here among massive devastation, among the ruins of a once-great city, and yet somehow I still manage to look great.”
8. “Rice Confirmation”
Meyers's gravelly voiced John Kerry never achieved the same heights as, say, Ferrell's Dubya or Fey's Palin. (For that, you can hardly blame Meyers; John Kerry just isn't a particularly fun guy.) But he did have a few notable turns, especially when playing Kerry as a petulant loser in this post-election sketch. He's bringing in both da noise and da funk.
7. “The Couple That Should Be Divorced”
Original character alert! Meyers and Amy Poehler make a caustic pair as Dan and Sally Harrison (later Needler), a pair that stays together even though they make each other utterly miserable. Watching the future co-anchors play off one another in this early sketch is a treat, even if it's also sort of awful to watch mom and dad fight.
6. “Zinger vs. Snap”
Another original creation: Dave “Zinger” Clinger is a scientist by trade, but an amateur insult comic at heart. His ultimate nemesis is Sheila “All Snaps” Alsnape, another burn dispenser played winningly by Queen Latifah. Most recurring SNL bits overstay their welcome, but I think we could have stood to see more of the Zinger. And by more, I mean less! Ba na na na na, zing!
5. “Britney & Kevin: Chaotic commercial”
Poehler and Meyers played a much happier couple in this all-too-brief spoof of Britney Spears and Kevin Federline's ill-fated MTV reality show, which aired during a Top Model sketch starring host Lindsay Lohan. (How's that for a 2005 time capsule?) There's no video available, so you'll just have to trust me: Their gross makeout was a sight to be hold.
4. “The Original Kings of Catchphrase Comedy”
Meyers plays “Boston Powers,” who wears an Austin Powers suit and a Red Sox cap. That's the whole joke — but it's a pretty good joke.
3. “Pranksters!”
Meyers and his amazing hair costar in this 2003 classic, a parody of Punk'd-style practical joke shows gone horribly, horribly wrong. Christopher Walken's gleefully violent prankster is the showier part — but everything about Meyers's eager host Zack Ricky, from his glorious early '00s outfit to the way he delivers the phrase “Stiffly Stifferson,” is a thing of beauty. [Bo-i-i-i-i-i-ing]
2. “Harry Potter: Hermione's Growth Spurt”
A.K.A. the sketch that sort of ruins J.K. Rowling's magical world, though it's funny enough that you'll hardly mind. Awkward, horny Ron, played by Meyers, is the perfect foil for Rachel Dratch's pint-sized Harry Potter — and, of course, Lohan's er, fully developed Hermione.
1. “Stefon's Farewell”
Fine, I cheated; this sketch begins and ends at the Weekend Update desk. The best part of it, though, comes in between, when Meyers races away from 30 Rock and to a nearby church, which is stuffed with creatures from Stefon's unbelievable nightclub descriptions. From imitating Dustin Hoffman in The Graduate to fighting off the real Anderson Cooper, the pretaped bit is Meyers's finest SNL moment to date; leaving it off this list would be worse than going to Booooooooof and not seeing Gizblow, the coked-up gremlin.
GETTY Pig organs could be transplanted into human within years
George Church, professor of genetics at Harvard Medical School, revealed that genetically modified pig organs could be used in transplants to human – as the NHS battles to find suitable donors. Professor Church initially studied the initial hazards of using pigs' DNA, including viral infections and rejection by the human body, but found the former could be solved with genetic modification. He said: “The viruses are particularly troubling. “Swine flu and ebola and HIV were all cases where the virus of the animal was in close contact with a human.
“Nothing could be closer contact than an organ in the middle of the body.” Professor Church and his colleagues created genetically modified pigs with viruses unactivated in their DNA. The new DNA was then put into an embryo and implanted into a surrogate sow. According to the scientists, the piglets were born healthy and completely free of retroviruses.
GETTY Scientists modified pigs' DNA before putting it in an embryo
Medical breakthroughs: Nine of the most modern miracles Wed, June 28, 2017 Incredible medical breakthroughs leading to promising new treatments are just around the corner. Take a look at some of the most recent discoveries. Play slideshow 1 of 10
The very earliest clinical trials could be in two years George Church
Professor Church and his team are now hopeful that the technology may soon be trialled in people. He added: “The very earliest clinical trials could be in two years.” The news comes as more than 6,000 patients waiting for an organ transplant in the UK, according to Government figures. Sally Johnson, NHS Blood and Transplant Director of Organ Donation and Transplantation said: “We're encouraged that the number of people becoming donors has helped reduce how long desperately ill people wait before they receive a kidney transplant
“However there is a still a severe shortage of donated organs. Two and a half years is far too long to wait for a kidney and far too many people die without ever receiving the transplant they need. “ But other scientists have cautiously applauded the study's technical advances. Bruce Whitelaw, from the University of Edinburgh, told the Times: “This tells us we can use these wonderful tools to chop up the genome at multiple sites and it goes back together in the right way.” However he added “the main challenge is still to overcome the overall immune response”.
A man posing as Sasquatch was killed after he was struck by two cars on a Montana highway. KCFW's Scott Zoltan reports.
KALISPELL, Mont. - A 44-year-old Kalispell man wearing a military-style "ghillie" suit was struck by two cars and killed Sunday night, authorities said.
The man, identified as Randy Lee Tenley, was apparently wearing the store-bought suit when he was struck by a car driven by a 15-year-old girl, NBCMontana.com reported. Another car swerved, and a third car, troopers say driven by a 17-year old girl, ran him over, the station reported.
Read the original story on NBCMontana.com
Montana Highway Patrol Trooper Jim Schneider told the Daily Inter Lake, "he was trying to make people think he was Sasquatch so people would call in a Sasquatch sighting." Schneider said alcohol may have been a factor.
Dispatchers received no calls of monster sightings, just the one that sent emergency crews rushing to the scene, the NBCMontana.com report said.
Ghillie suits are a type of full-body clothing made to resemble heavy foliage and used to camouflage military snipers, The Associated Press reported.
"He probably would not have been very easy to see at all," Schneider told KECI-TV.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US News from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
STYLENANDA is a Korean boutique that sells on-trend clothing at high street prices. It has a brick and mortar presence in Seoul, and lucky for its international fans like moi, it also has a website with international shipping to some countries. If you check out the website, you'll also notice that it has amazing product shots mostly due to their gorgeous models. The face of their brand is Korean it-girl Park Sora and I think that they were spot on in their choice of muse. Whenever I peruse their substantial beauty section on the site, I see how great it looks on her, and I'm persuaded to open up my wallet. I swear.... Anyways I recently hauled some eyeshadows and lipsticks (I'll post about those later) and thought I'd share some swatches and thoughts (especially since the internet is seriously lacking in 3CE reviews). Edit: link to lipstick review here and link to clothing haul review here
They're the size of blushes. Humogenous!
EYESHADOWS
The first very glittery shade is called Star Seed. This glittery orange is really pretty on the lid. It's got so much glitter! It's really different from any Western eyeshadow I've tried. But for some reason I still like it for what it is. Oh also, if you look at the picture in the pan, you can see a dent in this shadow. It's so soft that it dents! So awesome. This one is a TOSS UP. Pick it up if you like glittery lids.
The next shade is called Cinnamon. This is a light to medium brown shade that leans on the cool side and is the perfect shade to contour your "crease" area, or if you have hooded eyelids... your eye socket contour area. This shade is extremely soft and buildable. It's pigmented but not overly so, allowing you to build the intensity to your desired level. It's also pretty easy to blend.This shade looks so pretty paired with a burgundy lip. RECOMMEND. I think everyone needs a cool-tone matte brown in their collection. The shade is very versatile and can work on your brows, as a contour, and of course on the eyelids.
Next up is Golden Glow. This classic warm gold shade has a satiny finish. I like that it swatches true to pan. I don't have that many uses for this color, I picked it up on a whim... but it does perform well. RECOMMEND.
The last shade is Saturn. At first, I was actually a little disappointed with this shade. The quality is pretty great like the others, but the shade looked a lot deeper and richer on the model. I was expecting something more plummy but got a burgundy. I initially thought this shade could make your eyes look inflamed or like you've been watching too much Marley and Me, but it turns out that it's grown on me and I rather like it now. I particularly enjoy it layered over Juggling as a base. RECOMMEND.
EYESHADOW STICK / LONG WEAR CRAYON
This shade is called Juggling. It's a shimmery peach cream shadow that's great as a wash of color over the lid or as an inner corner highlight. I picked it up because I saw a similar shade on the makeupaddiction subreddit and thought it would be perfect for spring. It stays on for about 8 hours. I have oily eyelids so I have to reapply after that but I think the lasting power is pretty on par with most eyeshadow sticks. Like all cream shadows, application is a cinch. You just use your fingers or a brush and spread it around until it sets after a few seconds. The only weakness of this eyeshadow stick is that it could be a touch creamier to make it easier to blend. The color is pretty unique for an eyeshadow stick, so if you like the color I RECOMMEND you pick it up. If not, then just know that I've seen better eyeshadow sticks... but plenty are worse than this one as well.
Below are some of the ways I like to wear the shadows.
Saturn over Juggling, Cinnamon dusted lightly a as crease contour
www.stylenanda.com All available at
What do you think? Have you bought any of their products before?
-Joan
Last week, it was announced that Postal will be developed into an original television series for Hulu. Despite forcing me to get a Hulu subscription, this news had me jumping/squealing for joy…and almost made me able to forgive series writer Bryan Hill for the heart attack I experienced after last issue's cliffhanger.
This week, Hill and artist Isaac Goodhart show us the fallout from that final page while also bringing us ever closer to all out war. Is it good?
Postal #15 (Image Comics)
Observations
GOOD LORD! The first five pages are Heat-level awesome.
Eden has a doctor's office? I guess they'd have to, but it still seems weird.
“May I ask you a personal question, Laura?”
“You're my doctor. That's all you ask.”
The above exchange is one of many reasons Laura Shiffron is my spirit animal.
I love it when people assume Mark is weak and he proves them wrong like a boss.
It's very rare that something I read causes me to laugh out loud (I normally just LQTM), but Mark just caused me spit my coffee out.
Rowan may be more sympathetic than before, but the hate and fury is still there—it's just been displaced.
“I'm smarter than all of you. It's important that you trust that. My mind will keep us all alive.”
Mark is definitely his mother's son (and I love him for it).
Is It Good?
This issue is a perfect example why Postal is one of the best comics being published right now (and why someone was smart enough to buy the TV rights).
First, we start with a balls-to-the-wall action scene that Goodhart completely knocks out of the park. No dialogue—just expertly choreographed/sequenced violence. Goodhart does a panel and lettering effect on one page that in the hands of a lesser artist would have looked cheesy. In his, however, it's fantastic, framing the visceral brutality against a cacophony of lethal sound.
When the dialogue comes back a few pages later, Hill is at the top of his game. Laura Shiffron arguing with her doctor is a perfect setup and he doesn't let it go to waste. Hill also plants a seed for the reader with regards to how the people of Eden feel about Mark. A few pages later, Mark shows us why they're completely wrong. He delivers two of my absolute favorite lines in the whole series, one of which cause the aforementioned coffee mishap.
As good as the scenes with Mark and Laura are, the one between Rowan and Curtis deserves recognition, as well. The tension between is a hair's breadth away from unbearable. By the time they're done talking, Hill has given us a solid reminder why despite his quest for personal redemption, Rowan is still a tainted soul.
If you're not reading Postal yet, you still have time to get in on the ground floor of this before it explodes. Do you have any idea how much fun it is to tell my non-comic reading friends about how I was reading The Walking Dead and Outcast before they even knew what those things were? That's geek hipster cred you can't put a price on. (It's also fun to taunt them with threats to spoil future plot points, but that's just me being an ass).
If you are already reading Postal, then I'm sure you'll agree that 2015's best new comic series is finishing 2016 even stronger.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzTop Utah paper knocks Chaffetz as he mulls run for governor: ‘His political career should be over' Boehner working on memoir: report Former GOP lawmaker on death of 7-year-old migrant girl: Message should be ‘don't make this journey, it will kill you' MORE (R-Utah), the chairman of the House Oversight Committee, on Sunday said individuals leaking information to the press should go to jail.
“You cannot have that happen,” Chaffetz told ABC's “This Week,” referencing the information leaking to the press about President Trump and the probe into Russia's meddling in the presidential election.
“I want to see that this person is prosecuted. I think the president makes a very good point. No matter who is in the White House, you cannot have the type of leaking of information, sources, methods, classified information,” Chaffetz said.
“I don't care who it is, Democrat or Republican, you cannot have that happen. So, not only do you need to wall them off, you probably ought to put handcuffs on them and put them in jail."
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times last week reported that Trump in a meeting with two Russian officials called former FBI Director James Comey “a nut job” and said his firing eased “great pressure."
"I just fired the head of the FBI He was crazy, a real nut job," Trump reportedly said.
Chaffetz on Sunday said he hoped the report was not true.
“I don't know if that was said or not said,” Chaffetz said.
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) on Sunday echoed Chaffetz's call for leakers to be punished.
"I think it's a violation of the law to leak classified information and therefore, they should be held accountable," McCain told host Chris Wallace on "Fox News Sunday," calling it a "betrayal of their oaths."
--Olivia Beavers contributed to this report, which was last updated at 11:06 a.m.
Bank of Ireland says all affected accounts have been credited after a mass glitch today.
The bank says it has worked throughout the day to identify and rectify the issue, which began early this morning.
"We are communicating this to customers across all of our channels, and we again apologise sincerely for any inconvenience caused today," a statement released this evening read.
Dozens of people and customers have taken to social media to vent their frustration after their wages were not transferred to their accounts today.
Bank of Ireland says it is providing customer support through its digital channels, telephone support services and branch network.
It is understood social welfare recipients have not been affected, and no fees will be applied to any direct debit or standing order payments which are missed because of the payments issue.
Mistakes? We've made a few. Spilled coffees, missed trains, failed relationships, lost money. Failures or (F--- ups) are an inevitable part of life, and a large part of a life lived well.
At FUN (F--- up nights) Cam, we want to open the stage for a celebration of professional failure in all its forms, particularly around failed business, science and social endeavors. We hope that in sharing our failures we can learn from them, laugh at them, or at the very least, drink to them.
Our first FUN Cam event on Thursday, September 14th, 2017 from 7.30pm at Hughes Hall, Cambridge. Come along to hear successful people bare their failure, meet some interesting people, and grab a drink as we cheer to life's most grand, painful and serendipitous F--- ups.
Indonesia's second largest palm oil producer Astra Agro Lestari has joined the ranks of the industry's most proactive sustainability advocates signing onto the Indonesian Palm Oil Pledge (IPOP) less than a year after it was singled out by environment groups for rampant deforestation and human rights violations.
The company, also known as Astra, on Monday formally became part of the group of palm oil giants committed to producing the commodity without deforestation, as well as enhancing the welfare of workers and improving Indonesia's market competitiveness.
The IPOP initiative, launched at the United Nations Climate Summit in September 2014, is a commitment by the world's major palm oil growers to stop all deforestation within their supply chain, promote better livelihoods for smallholders, and make sure Indonesia's palm oil is economically competitive in a global marketplace.
Besides Astra, other signatories to IPOP, include fellow Indonesian firm Asian Agri; Singapore-based Golden Agri Resources, Wilmar, and Musim Mas; and American agribusiness giant Cargill. The initiatve is also backed by the Indonesian Chamber of Commerce (KADIN).
Astra's move to join IPOP was welcomed as a “huge breakthrough” by green groups, who noted that the palm oil giant can now use its clout in the sector to back calls for laws which support forest conservation and community rights.
The company has in recent years faced heavy criticism from environmentalists not only because of rampant deforestation in its supply chain, but because its director Joko Supriyono, who also heads the Indonesian Palm Oil Grower's Association (GAPKI), has previously advocated for weakening forest protection laws rather than strengthening them.
Deborah Lapidus, spokesperson for Center for International Policy - one of the groups which negotiated outcomes with Astra as it was developing its sustainability policy last year - said that “Astra joining IPOP is an important signal that it is ready to use its power for good”.
Annisa Rahmawati, forest campaigner, Greenpeace Indonesia, added that Supriyono should now “use his chairmanship of GAPKI to set a constructive 2016 agenda for the whole industry to work to protect forests and peatlands to prevent a repeat of last year's fires crisis.”
Forest and peatland fires raged in Indonesia during the second half of last year, blanketing parts of Southeast Asia in a choking haze. The palm oil industry, along with the pulp and paper industry, was blamed for much of this burning.
Astra's poor environmental record was the subject of a high-profile public campaign last May, led by anti-deforestation group Forest Heroes. They targeted luxury hotel chain Mandarin Oriental, which shares a parent company with the palm oil grower.
Both firms are owned by Bermuda-incorporated Jardine Matheson group, which is publicly listed in Singapore and London. Protesters picketed outside Mandarin Oriental hotels around the world and launched an online petition calling for Jardine Matheson to stop Astra's environmental destruction.
Less than a month after the campaign kicked off, Astra promised to stop deforestation in its supply chain and also said it would join IPOP. It reiterated this promise when it launched its sustainability policy last September.
By joining the pledge, Astra has agreed to stop developing on peatland and forest areas considered to have a high carbon stock.
It must also provide technical help and social services to the smallholders in its supply chain to improve welfare and crop yields, and work with KADIN and the Indonesian government to support policies for sustainable palm oil cultivation.
Many of the IPOP clauses are already reflected in Astra's recently launched sustainability policy, in which the company promised to stop developing in areas with peat, or high carbon stock and conservation value and ban the use of fire to clear land.
It also pledged to respect the human rights of the smallholders in its supply chain as well as its plantation workers, and to obtain free, prior and informed consent from rural communities before converting any new land to plantations.
The other IPOP signatories have in recent years unveiled similar sustainability policies promising no deforestation, no peatland development, and no exploitation of workers or communities.
Last October, media reports said the Indonesian government was asking IPOP participants to exempt smallholders from their zero-deforestation pledges out of concern for their livelihoods. In response, IPOP has promised to balance forest protection with protecting smallholders and keeping Indonesian palm oil economically competitive.
According to the pledge, the key to achieving this is building a partnership with multiple stakeholders including communities, farmers, and the government.
Anja Lillegraven, head of Southeast Asia and Oceania division, Rainforest Foundation Norway, noted that IPOP is just the type of public-private collaboration needed to avoid future forest fires and another haze crisis.
“Joining together also makes it easier and more cost-effective for Astra and other companies to engage in landscape-level restoration efforts that begin to reverse some of the harm that has been done in the past,” she added.
A federal judge asked why the Obama administration isn't admitting more Christian Syrian refugees in the course of an October opinion on Freedom of Information Act case.
An immigrant rights group is trying to force the Department of Homeland Security to identify a class of designated terror groups, claiming DHS is using the secret designation to unfairly flag people applying to resettle in the United States. DHS says it would compromise investigations into the groups and incentivize immigrants connected to the groups to lie if they learn of the designation.
Judge Daniel Manion brought up Obama's refugee policy in his opinion concurring with the rest of the court that DHS does not have to turn over the information, saying the “lack” of Syrian Christians admitted as refugees might be linked to the matter.
“I write separately for a second, critical reason, which is my concern about the apparent lack of Syrian Christians as a part of immigrants from that country,” Manion wrote. “It is possible that our case bears a direct link to this enigma.”
The enigma he's referring to is the fact that less than one half of 1 percent of the 11,000 Syrian refugees admitted into the U.S. in the past year are Christians, although about 10 percent of the Syrian population is Christian. That's just 56 of the Syrian refugees resettled according to President Obama's 2015 directive.
“It is well documented that refugees to the United States are not representative of that war-torn area of the world,” Manion wrote, adding: “To date, there has not been a good explanation for this perplexing discrepancy.”
Manion suggests the government might be linking the Christian refugees to Christian militia groups that are flagged in the class of terror groups not publicly identified by DHS. “It is at least possible that incidental affiliation with some Christian militia could lead an immigration officer to deny entry to Syrians on this basis,” he wrote.
He concludes by noting that the FOIA exemption granted by the court stands regardless, but Congress could act to change the exemption law so that such information might be accessible to the public. “Until that time, however, many of us remain in the dark as a humanitarian catastrophe continues.”
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Send tips to rachel@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
There are five main stamp album makers, each of whom makes a complete set of worldwide specialty albums. In order of cost and quality, the publishers are Minkus, Scott, Davo, Lindner, and Lighthouse, each album having their own advantages.
Minkus is the residual publisher from the great Minkus stamp business. At one time, Minkus had stores in forty large department stores and was the largest philatelic retailer in the United States. They established a line of worldwide albums to facilitate sales of stamps as collectors bought more stamps when they had spaces to fill. Minkus albums are the lowest cost option for a full range series of specialty albums. The albums are well designed though the paper of the pages is a bit thin for a good quality album, so with constant use the album tends to show lots of wear.
Scott Publishing albums have long been the gold standard for specialty albums in this country. The albums are on good quality paper and wear well. Additionally, the albums have the advantage of being set up the same way that the Scott catalog is set up so that Semi-postal issues are after Regular issues and followed by Airmails. Scott albums are more expensive than Minkus, but most collectors who make the upgrade are glad they did.
Davo is a Dutch line of worldwide albums. The album paper is good, and the albums come both regular and hingeless (hingeless albums are where each stamp spot has a prefitted clear stamp mount already affixed so that collecting is about as easy as it gets). The albums are very good quality, though the binders tend to be smaller than other albums, often requiring a four volume set where other album publishers use three.
Lindner is a good quality German album produced at a mid-market price (think Volkswagen). The way they manufacture their hingeless albums is by putting an acetate stocksheet over the specialty page so that the stamp goes over the illustration but on a different sheet. It is an ingenious and less expensive way of mounting the stamps, and Lindner has a large worldwide following for their specialty albums. Their design also allows easy viewing of the backs of stamps on an entire page, allowing one to tell whether or not the stamps are NH.
The Mercedes of stamp albums (also from Germany) is Lighthouse whose line of hingeless specialty albums are the world's finest (and at about $250 per volume, the priciest too). In the days of stamp shops, a collector could go and examine these various types of albums for themselves and make the cost quality equation that we all make when we buy things. Now, you have to order a volume or two of each to see what makes the most sense for you. Used albums are also an attractive option. Most of the collections that we sell are in various, often high quality, albums. Smart collectors scan our listings to fill out their specialty album series with good quality, preowned albums, usually for only the cost of the stamps in the collection. It's worth a look.
But it's odd that employees have been complicit in this "ban on money talk," whether formal or not, for so long, because the people who are most harmed by not talking about compensation tend to be the employees themselves. It's in your employer's interest for employees not to share their salaries, as those employees are likely to find out things that will make them harder to work with. That is to say, harder for the employer to work with. If an employee finds out that he or she is making far less than someone who does less, or that he or she, perhaps, is vastly underpaid in general, that employee may argue for a raise, and may have a point. Companies fear this disruption in the general order of things. Why else insist on such secrecy? We've all heard, "It's no one's business what you make." But isn't it, sort of, everyone's business what everyone else makes? That's why we're working. In what other part of life do you go along with being forbidden such key information that's part and parcel of what you do?
But even when talk of money is allowed, for instance, in negotiations and in more general public arenas, many shies away from it, fearful it will make us seem greedy or "money-hungry" or focused on the wrong things. Think about the last time you looked for a job, for instance. Chances are, you went through a series of conversations and interviews without ever hearing or saying a word about money—until finally an offer was made by the potential employer. Yet, you knew what you were expecting from the beginning. Why not save everyone the time and trouble and get it out there from the get-go? (This, sometimes, is why potential employers request "salary estimates" on a cover letter—and yet, those fail to help, really, as one's current job doesn't necessarily have anything to do what one should make at the next, and, further, one often lies in those estimates, either in hopes of getting the interview or to try to make a higher salary.)
A striking thing happened to me in a previous job, where, prior to union negotiations, a list of salaries was shared around the room. A lot of us were horrified, exclaiming that that information shouldn't be public, that it could destroy relationships and certainly imbue people with bitterness or resentment. But, actually, that information was helpful. It reminded us that there were inherent injustices in pay sitting right in front of us—things we would have never known about had the information not been shared.
Even if the Paycheck Act passes, effectively "allowing" employees to share salary information, there's no guarantee that they'll do it, because this is not just a legal issue but a social one. Talk of money is fraught with awkwardness. We're not supposed to ask, for example, what someone else makes, unless we couch it in the most delicate of terms. We're not even really supposed to ask what other people pay in rent, or the cost of one's car or shoes or things—despite that information being, simply, information. Pretty much every time a "sophisticated" person broaches the topic of money, he or she apologizes. But particularly in the workplace—that's about money, isn't it? It's called work for a reason, right?—it's odd and even hypocritical that we've been complicit with corporations for so long, in terms of protecting them from what might be really scary: Everyone knowing what each other makes.
Recently, China has pursued a much stronger environmental policy than previously seen or expected, and Beijing is now in a position to lead at the climate summit in Paris. Here are the political opportunities and risks implied by a Chinese effort at environmental leadership.
In terms of carbon emissions, international influence, and symbolic importance, few countries are as necessary for success in international efforts against climate change as China is. It is, therefore, highly significant that China has made explicit overtures towards assuming a position of environmental responsibility and leadership over the past year.
From a commitment to establishing the world's largest cap-and-trade program to ambitious state-led investment aimed at elevating renewables within the Chinese energy portfolio, Beijing enters the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) with newfound credibility.
As UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon recently declared, “China has become an implementer and innovator” for climate change. These positive sentiments are a stark contrast to China's reputation for unilaterally obstructing the last attempt at a major climate agreement in 2009.
Though other major developing economies such as India and Brazil are crucial to forging effective environmental policies, their global weight and environmental impact is outmatched by Beijing. Only the United States and Europe fall into the same tier of influence as China.
Yet, the United States faces severe congressional roadblocks on climate litigation, and European environmental advocacy has thus far failed to stimulate broader cooperation. In this context, China's apparent aspirations for green leadership represent an evolving risk landscape for global climate efforts at COP21 and beyond.
Gains for Green Industry
Much of the change brought by Chinese environmental leadership comes in the form of emerging opportunities that primarily advantage China and its economy. Naturally, China will accrue material benefits from the notable environmental commitments that have already facilitated its recasting it as a global climate leader.
Chinese renewable industry firms can be expected to continue and expand upon their rapid growth. More importantly, these firms will become increasingly competitive with U.S., Japanese, and European firms in terms of innovation over the next 5 years. Finally, the rate and magnitude of Beijing's investment in green energy will also facilitate international exports of renewable energy from the same firms that Chinese companies will be competing with.
While it is not exactly certain how the increasing competitiveness of Chinese renewable firms will balance a growing Chinese market for green technology exports, it can be assumed that exports will only capture a small share of China's overall market, and that Chinese firms will benefit disproportionately.
These opportunities also present the byproduct of restructuring China's currently inefficient power grid and could, in the long-term, bring cheaper energy to Chinese citizens. Such gains will only increase in magnitude if China decides to continue its efforts of environmental diligence.
Catalyzing Climate Action
The emerging leadership of Beijing on climate change also serves as a catalyst for the establishment of a global environmental framework and general progress in the push against fossil fuels.
This effect has the highest potential when applied to similarly emerging economies like India, Brazil, and Mexico, which have maintained a strategy of environmental ignorance long justified by their right to a complete industrialization and the disproportionate ecological footprint of developed nations.
Chinese climate leadership presents a two-fold opportunity in terms of catalyzing environmental action in developing nations – first in the short-term, and then with compounding returns the long-term.
In the short-term, China's recent initiative on climate efforts and commitment to a successful Paris climate summit might present enough diplomatic assurance for emerging economies to sign on board to a universal, legally binding climate framework.
Even if emerging economies are still reluctant due to domestic economic considerations, the notion of unity, especially among BRICS nations, may entice them into agreement so as to avoid appearing fractured in the face of other debates between developed and developing nations.
In the long-term, the emerging Beijing enterprise of combining development and growth with environmental responsibility may provide a template for these same emerging economies to take initiative sooner rather than later on transitioning towards green energy.
While an agreement in Paris would go a long way towards these ends, it is unlikely that the outcome will be stringent enough to begin reducing climate risk to a sufficient degree. The future success of recently announced Chinese policies such as the carbon market would provide the most significant impact of Chinese climate leadership on the environmental policies of developing nations by proving that green growth is possible.
In short, environmental leadership out of Beijing significantly decreases the risk of total failure at the COP21 while also expediting the timeline over which other growing carbon emitters will consider adopting more consequential climate regulations.
Chinese Political Power Expanded
Chinese power abroad is also expanded through Beijing's more proactive environmental policy, most directly in terms of shaping the emerging global climate framework. The COP21 is expected to be the fundamental first step towards truly materializing such a framework by establishing universal legal mechanisms to reduce carbon emissions.
It is therefore convenient for foreign policy strategists in Beijing that China will enter the summit in a position of influence. China will now hold much a much greater capacity to shape the design of international climate institutions into an arrangement that favors Chinese interests.
Starting with the Paris conference, China will likely seek an arrangement that ensures emissions regulations for economic rivals like India at a stage of development equal to or even less than the stage that China assumed similar regulations. Now endowed with leverage, it has a much higher chance of achieving such an outcome.
Global climate leadership also affords China further legitimization and influence in global fora outside of the environmental realm by enhancing its international image, as the credibility gained from Beijing's environmental recast will in part transfer to other debates.
Less Certain Risk for both China and the West
In terms of climate progress, the fact that China now has regulations closer to Europe than the U.S. is a positive development. However, China's foray into global climate leadership is also not without risks. For one, China's bid for environmental stewardship comes at a time of slowing economic growth – and climate regulations will exacerbate the slowdown.
While such an effect would be significant on its own, a compounded economic retraction might ultimately force Beijing to renege its bold climate commitments, which in turn would inflict a significant reduction to China's international legitimacy and provide political leverage to Washington.
Furthermore, it is unclear whether European climate change leadership – a historical constant in the short era of serious climate change negotiations – would be undermined or fortified by a comparable Chinese effort.
Depending on the degree to which this newfound Chinese voice is able to stimulate environmental progress, the EU might suddenly appear ineffective at leading the global climate regime. At the same time, the new dynamism of Beijing may facilitate closer ties between the EU and China through the recognition that a successful climate framework requires joint diplomacy.
Washington may ultimately face less ambiguity in terms of impact, as China's mounting influence in climate affairs serves to derail the intentions of U.S. diplomats attempting to make the case for U.S. leadership in the environmental arena.
With President Obama hindered by a disjointed Congress, the United States is less capable than China at executing the kinds of influential and internationally eye-catching policies that have elevated Beijing over the past year. A U.S. failure and a strong Chinese performance in the coming weeks of the Paris summit might just cement Washington's position as an underwhelming force in combatting climate change.
Small changes to your habits can improve your health—without getting in the way of your work. The Healthy Programmer gives you a daily plan of action that's incremental and iterative just like the software development processes you're used to. Every tip, trick, and best practice is backed up by the advice of doctors, scientists, therapists, nutritionists, and numerous fitness experts.
We'll review the latest scientific research to understand how being healthy is good for your body and mind. You'll start by adding a small amount of simple activity to your day—no trips to the gym needed. You'll learn how to mitigate back pain, carpal tunnel syndrome, headaches, and many other common sources of pain.
You'll also learn how to refactor your diet to properly fuel your body without gaining weight or feeling hungry. Then, you'll turn the exercises and activities into a pragmatic workout methodology that doesn't interfere with the demands of your job and may actually improve your cognitive skills.
You'll also learn the secrets of prominent figures in the software community who turned their health around by making diet and exercise changes. Throughout, you'll track your progress with a companion iPhone app.
Finally, you'll learn how to make your healthy lifestyle pragmatic, attainable, and fun. If you're going to live well, you should enjoy it.
Read the slashdot review here
Disclaimer
This book is intended only as an informative guide for those wishing to know more about health issues. In no way is this book intended to replace, countermand, or conflict with the advice given to you by your own healthcare provider including Physician, Nurse Practitioner, Physician Assistant, Registered Dietician, and other licensed professionals.
Keep in mind that results vary from person to person. This book is not intended as a substitute for medical or nutritional advice from a healthcare provider or dietician. Some people have a medical history and/or condition and/or nutritional requirements that warrant individualized recommendations and, in some cases, medications and healthcare surveillance.
Do not start, stop, or change medication and dietary recommendations without professional medical and/or Registered Dietician advice. A healthcare provider should be consulted if you are on medication or if there are any symptoms that may require diagnosis or medical attention. Do not change your diet if you are ill, or on medication except under the supervision of a healthcare provider. Neither this, nor any other book or discussion forum is intended to take the place of personalized medical care of treatment provided by your healthcare provider.
This book was current as of January, 2013 and as new information becomes available through research, experience, or changes to product contents, some of the data in this book may become invalid. You should seek the most up to date information on your medical care and treatment from your health care professional. The ultimate decision concerning care should be made between you and your healthcare provider.
Information in this book is general and is offered with no guarantees on the part of the author, editor or The Pragmatic Programmers, LLC. The author, editors and publisher disclaim all liability in connection with the use of this book.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A body found in a water tank on the roof of a historic Los Angeles hotel has been identified as that of a 21-year-old Canadian woman who went missing in late January, police said on Wednesday.
Authorities stand on the rooftop of the Cecil Hotel after a body was found in a water tank in Los Angeles, California, February 19, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Alcorn
The body, which was discovered on Tuesday morning in one of four water tanks on top of the Cecil Hotel in downtown Los Angeles, has been positively identified as that of Elisa Lam by members of her family, Los Angeles Police Department spokesman Lt. Andy Nieman said.
“The coroner has confirmed that it is Elisa Lam based on some distinctive markings on her body,” Neiman said. “They had confirmation from the family based on those markings.”
A coroner's spokesman declined to release further information on the condition of the remains pending an autopsy that he said would likely take place on Thursday.
Lam, a 21-year-old college student from Vancouver, British Columbia, was last seen by staff at the hotel on January 31, and police detectives had characterized her disappearance as suspicious.
Police have said that the reason for Lam's visit to Southern California was unclear but that her final destination was expected to be Santa Cruz in Central California.
Security video taken in an elevator of the hotel and released by the LAPD last week showed her acting strangely, hiding in a corner, pushing multiple buttons and repeatedly peering around the elevator doors into a hallway.
The body was discovered in one of the four large, cylindrical tanks by a maintenance worker investigating guest complaints of low water pressure at the art deco hotel, which was built in 1927 and is considered a local landmark.
Firefighters removed the remains by cutting through the side of the tank under a canopy that shielded them from news helicopters overhead.
Neiman said detectives were investigating Lam's death but said it was too early to say conclusively that she had been the victim of foul play.
“There are a lot of possibilities. She may have climbed into the tank not knowing what it was and fell in or there could be something suspicious about how she got in tank,” he said.
The doors and other access points that lead to the roof are secured and alarmed, Neiman said, but investigators were trying to determine if she could have climbed up on a fire escape.
He said detectives expected to learn more from the results of the autopsy but cautioned that toxicology tests typically took at least several weeks to complete.
Los Angeles police say they were contacted by Canadian authorities after her parents reported her missing there.
The Western Australian Mandarin Dragonet (Synchiropus picturatus occidentalis) is a subspecies of the the common Green Spot Mandarin. Its limited distribution around Western Australia (Southeast of Elphik's Knob, northeastern end of Rosemary Island, Dampier Islands) and its reclusive habits make in-situ sightings very rare and captive specimens even rarer.
Imagine our excitement when we received not only a photo but a video of the Western Australian Mandarin Dragonet. The video comes to us courtesy of 'ACRO AL' taken of a specimen at Vebas Aquariums in Perth, Australia, where this specimen currently resides in their show tank. Even in captivity, sightings of this mandarin is said to be a rare event.
A common Green Spot Mandarin
When compared to the common Green Spot Mandarin () pictured on the right, the Western Australian subspecies is what we can best describe as "inversely colored." The main body is orange (vs green), and most of its spots lack the dark interior pigmentation, thus giving them a ring-like appearance. Numerous distinctive green/teal dots cover the Western Australian Mandarin Dragonet's entire body, including dots within the rings. This subspecies also has dual parallel white stripes running across each eye similar to sixline wrasses.
Very little information exists about this subspecies, and no information exists about its captive care that we know of. In all likelihood, the Western Australian Mandarin Dragonet has similar requirements as the Green Spot Mandarin. But chances are, you'll never encounter one in your lifetime.
PC companies call it downgrading, but many users just call it being sensible. You buy a new computer, and instead of using the bleeding edge operating system it came with, you move to an operating system you trust. With ordinary Windows 8 on Hewlett-Packard (HP) consumer PC, or any other vendor's retail PC, though, you're stuck with Windows 8.
HP's Windows 8 FAQ reads, "Downgrading is supported only for HP commercial desktop and notebook products." That is to say systems that come with Windows 8 Pro. In any case, "HP does not recommend downgrading on any HP consumer desktop and notebook products. After October 26, 2012, HP consumer desktop and notebook products will ship only with Windows 8."
Why? Because "Windows 7 will not be supported on these new platforms, and no drivers, apps, or Windows 7 content will be available through HP. If users choose to downgrade their HP consumer desktop or notebook system, HP will continue to support the hardware but if there is an issue where HP diagnostics are required OR it is determined that the loaded software or upgrade operating system is causing the issue, HP may suggest returning the system to the original Windows 8 OS that shipped with the computer."
In short, if you downgrade anyway, HP is saying you'll be your own. Good luck with that.
HP isn't the only company taking this path. Lenovo doesn't spell it out as clearly, but it doesn't require too much close reading to see what you can't downgrade from consumer Windows 8 to Windows 7 on their PCs and laptops either.
Oh, and XP? It's history. Even if you have a business Windows 8 PC with Windows 8 Pro, you can only move to Windows 7 Professional or Windows Vista Business.
None of this will be surprising to Windows professionals. Microsoft spelled this out in their new Windows 8 licensing agreement in August . Small businesses that want new PCs and small office/home office (SOHO) users that are trying to squeeze every dime from their hardware purchases may be caught by surprise though. In fact, I know they are because I'm already hearing from users who ended up with Windows 8 by mistake or mis-adventure, and they're not happy about being "stuck" with it.
Of course, if you move to Linux instead, you really are on your own. Sure, HP supports Linux on its servers , but it's always been of two-minds about Linux on the desktop. True HP supports SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop (SLED) and Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) on workstations and it's certified Ubuntu on some HP desktops and laptops, but trying to buy a HP Linux-powered desktop if you're not looking for several hundred desktops at a time isn't easy. Of course, if you install Linux yourself, you'll be doing it without an HP warranty safety net.
That could be a bigger problem that it used to be. All vendors Window 8 PC now come with Microsoft's UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware Interface) Secure Boot. This "security" system makes it much harder to boot Linux, or any other operating system for that matter, on a Windows 8 PC.
Thanks to a lot of hard work, it is possible to boot the newest versions of Fedora and Ubuntu on Windows 8 imprisoned systems. Other and older Linux distributions though will be almost impossible to boot or install on Windows 8 systems.
If you want to avoid the Windows 8 trap to move to an older version of Windows, you'll need to buy a more expensive business PC with Windows 8 Pro. Or, you can factory-upgrade many Windows 8 consumer PCs to Windows 8 Pro for an additional $70. If you were to upgrade your PC yourself from Windows 8 to 8 Pro ), for less money, I doubt very much that HP would support trying to move from such a configuration to Windows 7..
Windows RT, Windows 8 on ARM processors, can not, of course, use any other operating system. Windows RT UEFI blocks alternatives and there are no other versions of Windows for these devices.
The bottom line is that if you want a Windows 7 PC, or one that you can easily run Linux or another operating system on, you should avoid buying any Windows 8 PC. Fortunately Windows 7 PCs should stay on sale until at least October 2014.
Related Stories:
Dreaming of an island escape from Manila, Philippines over the weekend? Here's a paradise that was long hidden by the giants, Islas de Gigantes (also The Gigantes Islands).
This group of islands in the Philippines is off the coast of the municipality of Carles. It is part of Iloilo Province and is the northernmost municipality of the province. It is located in the larger Western Visayas archipelago in the Visayan Sea. This island chain is undoubtedly a true gem of Iloilo Province and boasts white sand beaches, limestone cliffs and turquoise-colored waters.
Let me give you a travel itinerary to explore Islas de Gigantes, Philippines (or the islands of giants) over the weekend:
Islas De Gigantes Itinerary (Day One)
After arriving at Roxas City, which is the nearest airport to Islas de Gigantes, plan to take the 2:00 PM schedule for the commuter pump boat from Carles (Bancal port) to Gigantes Norte (Langub port) so you can do some sightseeing first in Roxas City.
The boat ride from Carles (Bancal port) to Gigantes Norte is shorter (18 km to Gigantes). Thus, safer than taking the boat from the more famous jump-off point in Estancia (27 km to Gigantes). And if you choose to start from Carles, the environmental fee is only 75 pesos compared to 150 pesos if you get it from Estancia (price as of June 2017). In addition, you will not be given access to Tangke Lagoon as the pass is exclusive only from Carles.
Daily pump boat schedule varies on the season:
Carles (Bancal port) to Gigantes Norte (Langub port)
Peak season (February to mid-June): 8:00 AM / 10:00 AM / 2:00 PM
Off-peak season (mid-June to January): 9:00 AM / 2:00 PM
Peak season (February to mid-June): 8:00 AM / 10:00 AM / 2:00 PM Off-peak season (mid-June to January): 9:00 AM / 2:00 PM Gigantes Norte (Langub port) to Carles (Bancal port)
Peak season (February to mid-June): 10:00 AM / 2:00 PM / 4:00 PM
Off-peak season (mid-June to January): 11:00 AM / 4:00 PM
For Islas de Gigantes accommodations, there are a few beds and breakfasts and resorts around. But I recommend staying at Gigantes Hideaway Resort and availing their tour package to save money. The price depends on the number of days that you are staying at the resort. They will assign your group a tour guide who will take care of everything. Also, you may request a room on their extension island to have a beachfront accommodation.
For bookings, e-mail at isla.gigantes@yahoo.com.
1) Visit Immaculate Concepcion Metropolitan Cathedral
Roxas City's Immaculate Conception Metropolitan Cathedral was founded in 1707. It is considered one of the oldest churches in the island of Panay.
2) Take photos at I Love Roxas Sign
Located across the Immaculate Concepcion Metropolitan Cathedral, you can take a snap at this sign. 250 meters walk farther along Rizal street, you will find the famous Spanggo Café & Pasalubong Center.
This Spanish-Ilonggo restaurant serves all-day breakfast made from their homegrown recipe: Longaniza, Chorizo, Spicy Butifarra (Catalan sausage), Spanish sausage, etc. It's a home of the best buko pie in Capiz so I must-try. It is open from 8:00 AM to 9:00 PM daily.
3) Visit the Old Lighthouse
The old lighthouse was built around 1895. However, it was destructed by typhoon Frank in 2008. This solar-powered lighthouse built today was donated by Japan to replace the one built by the Spanish government.
Islas De Gigantes Itinerary (Day Two)
4) Go spelunking in Bakwitan Cave
“Bakwitan” means a place to evacuate in Ilonggo dialect. This cave is said to be a refuge area to many locals during the World War II thus, the name. Local legend describes coffins found inside this cave that contained gigantic sets of human bones, which constituted the name Islas de Gigantes.
We opted to do an early morning spelunking for only 1.5 hrs so we have more time for island-hopping. There's another way that leads to the other side's exit but it will take you 4 hrs to explore this.
5) Walk barefoot on Bantigue Sandbar
Bantigue Island is known for its long, snaking and white sandbar. Certainly, this is my favorite place for swimming as the water is so clear.
6) Take a selfie at Cabugao Gamay Island
Islas de Gigantes trip would not be complete without going here. This is the most photographed spot of Islas de Gigantes. It is called a “selfie island” so make sure to have one after a 3-minute easy climb to the view deck.
7) Jump off a cliff at Tangke Lagoon
Tangke is a saltwater lagoon surrounded by limestone cliffs located within Gigantes Sur. When visiting the lagoon, make sure it is a high tide because the water in the lagoon recedes during low tide. At the side of the lagoon, you have the option to jump off the cliff.
8) Take a dip at Mini Boracay
This Mini Boracay is located just at the side of the Antonia Island. Indeed, it has the finest sands in the entire Islas de Gigantes.
9) Climb the rock formations at Antonia Island
Antonia Island is a white sand beach where you could put your snorkel on. It is known for having the “loaf bread” stone structure. For more adventure, you can climb the rock formations for a better view of the island. Also, it's another good spot to take photos. It will take you less than 10 minutes to reach the top.
10) Stay at Roxas President's Inn
After island hopping, you could head back to Roxas City to catch the early flight the following day. For Roxas City accommodations, there are a couple of hotels to choose from but I recommend Roxas President's Inn. This quaint hotel is right in the city center with clean rooms and accommodating staffs and good Tripadvisor reviews.
For bookings, visit the website of Roxas President's Inn.
Islas De Gigantes Itinerary (Day Three)
Immediately after the early complimentary breakfast, you can request for an airport drop-off to catch your flight back to Manila. You can choose to travel from these scheduled flights:
via Philippine Airlines – ETD Roxas City at 7:10 AM and ETA Manila at 8:10 AM
via Cebu Pacific Air – ETD Roxas City at 9:00 AM and ETA Manila at 10:15 AM
Next Suggested Article –> 9 Reasons To Tell Your Friends Not To Miss Tomorrowland 2018!
