Python is fast becoming the programming language of choice for hackers, reverse engineers, and software testers because it's easy to write quickly, and it has the low-level support and libraries that make hackers happy. But until now, there has been no real manual on how to use Python for a variety of hacking tasks. You had to dig through forum posts and man pages, endlessly tweaking your own code to get everything working. Not anymore.
Gray Hat Python explains the concepts behind hacking tools and techniques like debuggers, trojans, fuzzers, and emulators. But author Justin Seitz goes beyond theory, showing you how to harness existing Python-based security tools - and how to build your own when the pre-built ones won't cut it.
You'll learn how to:
Automate tedious reversing and security tasks
Design and program your own debugger
Learn how to fuzz Windows drivers and create powerful fuzzers from scratch
Have fun with code and library injection, soft and hard hooking techniques, and other software trickery
Sniff secure traffic out of an encrypted web browser session
Use PyDBG, Immunity Debugger, Sulley, IDAPython, PyEMU, and more
The world's best hackers are using Python to do their handiwork. Shouldn't you?
Britain has by now lost its sovereignty to the United States and has become a client state. As Tony Blair flies in to Washington today to be patted on the head by the US Congress, this is the sad truth behind his visit. No surprise, therefore, that the planned award to him of a congressional medal of honour for backing the US invasion of Iraq has been postponed. To be openly patronised in that way, under the circumstances, would be just too embarrassing.
Is it fair to accuse the US of destroying our national sovereignty? The issue is so little discussed that even to make the claim has parallels with the ravings of the europhobes that Brussels plans to make Britons eat square sausages. Yet consider the following seven facts, none of which depends directly on the way the US dragged Britain into Iraq, nor on the current MI6-CIA intelligence blame game about the war.
Firstly, we cannot fire cruise missiles without US permission. The British nuclear-powered submarine fleet is being converted wholesale so that it is dependent on Tomahawks, the stubby-winged wonder-weapons of the 21st century. They transform warfare because of their awesome video-guided precision. But Britain can't make, maintain or target Tomahawks. The US agreed to sell us 95 cruise missiles before the Iraq war, the first "ally" to be thus favoured. They are kept in working order by Raytheon, the US manufacturer in Arizona. Tomahawks find targets via Tercom, the American terrain-mapping radar, and GPS, its ever-more sophisticated satellite positioning system. The Pentagon, meanwhile, is trying to block Galileo, a European rival to GPS, which the French think will rescue their country from becoming a "vassal state".
Sir Rodric Braithwaite, former head of the joint intelligence committee and former ambassador to Moscow, published earlier this year a little-noticed but devastating analysis in a small highbrow magazine, Prospect, of the price we are now paying to the US in loss of sovereignty. Of the Tomahawks purchase, he wrote: "The systems which guide them and the intelligence on which their targeting depends are all American. We could sink the Belgrano on our own. But we cannot fire a cruise missile except as part of an American operation."
The second in this list of sad facts is better known. Britain cannot use its nuclear weapons without US permission. The 58 Trident submarine missiles on which it depends were also sold us by the US. Just as Raytheon technicians control the Tomahawk, so Lockheed engineers control Trident from inside a Scottish mountain at Coulport, and from the US navy's Kings Bay servicing depot in Georgia, where the missiles must return periodically. "Cooperation with the Americans has robbed the British of much of their independence," Braithwaite observed. "Our ballistic missile submarines operate by kind permission of the Americans, and would rapidly become useless if we fell out with them. Since it is no longer clear why we need a nuclear deterrent, that probably does not matter. But it makes our admirals very nervous about irritating their US counterparts."
The third awkward fact is that Britain cannot expel the US from its bases on British territory, or control what it does there. Some, such as RAF Fairford, are well known - surrounded by armed guards as the huge B52s roared off nightly to bomb Baghdad. Others are remote, particularly Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean, where any British citizen who attempts a landing will rapidly find himself arrested. The bases are given bogus British names - such as RAF Fairford or RAF Croughton - because Britain is ashamed of all this. "The British have never questioned the purposes for which the Americans use these bases," Braithwaite wrote. "The agreements which govern them leave us little scope to do so. It is yet another derogation from British sovereignty."
The fourth fact is about intelligence. The row over scraps of British material used for public propaganda purposes - alleged uranium from Niger, alleged 45-minute Iraqi missile firing times - shows, if nothing else, that MI6 does still run independent spying operations. But it obscures the big truth: the policy-determining, war-fighting intelligence on which Britain depends is all American. The US has the spy satellites and the gigantic computers at Fort Meade in Maryland which eavesdrop on the world's communications. Britain gets access to some of these because GCHQ in Cheltenham contributes to the pool and collects intercepts which the US wants for its own purposes. This is cripplingly expensive: Britain has just invested a wildly over-budget £1.25bn in rebuilding Cheltenham. Yet it brings us no independence.
Braithwaite again: "The US could get on perfectly well without GCHQ's input. GCHQ, on the other hand, is heavily reliant on US input and would be of little value without it."
Robin Cook, the former foreign secretary, recently - and somewhat drily - let it slip to the foreign affairs committee how the US wears the trousers in the intelligence marriage. America receives all the intelligence that Britain gathers, he said. "On our side, we have full transparency." Britain, on the other hand, merely "strives to secure" transparency from its supposed partners.
These points lead inexorably to the fifth fact about our loss of sovereignty. Britain can no longer fight a war without US permission. Geoff Hoon, Britain's defence secretary, said humbly last month that "the US is likely to remain the pre-eminent political, economic and military power". Britain would concentrate, therefore, on being able to cooperate with it. "It is highly unlikely that the UK would be engaged in large-scale combat operations without the US," he said. As Rumsfeld brutally pointed out, however, the US could easily have fought the Iraq war without Britain.
The sixth fact is that Britain cannot protect its citizens from US power. Blair faces an outcry as he flies into America because the US refuses to return two British prisoners for a fair trial; rather, they have to face a Kafkaesque court martial at Guantanamo Bay.
And the seventh and final fact is that Britain is reduced to signing what the resentful Chinese used, in colonialist days, to call "unequal treaties". At the height of the Iraq fighting, David Blunkett went to Washington to be praised by John Ashcroft, the US attorney general, for what he termed Blunkett's "superb cooperation".
Blunkett agreed that the UK would extradite Britons to the US in future, without any need to produce prima facie evidence that they are guilty of anything. But the US refused to do the same with their own citizens. The Home Office press release concealed this fact - out of shame, presumably. Why did the US refuse? According to the Home Office, the fourth amendment of the US constitution says citizens of US states cannot be arrested without "probable cause". The irony appears to have been lost on David Blunkett, as he gave away yet more of Britain's sovereignty. If we really were the 51st state, as anti-Americans imply, we would probably have more protection against Washington than we do today.
· David Leigh is the Guardian's investigations editor, and Richard Norton-Taylor is security affairs editor
david.leigh@theguardian.com
r.norton-taylor@theguardian.com
UPDATE 27/2/17: Snipperclips' retail bundle with a pair of coloured Joy-Cons is now available to pre-order on Amazon for £79.99.
A pair of Joy-Con usually sell for £74.99 - meaning you get Snipperclips bundled in for a fiver.
Snipperclips is priced £17.99 to download from the Switch eShop on its own, so you save £13.
It's not a huge amount of money when putting down more than £300 for a console and accessories, but if you're planning on buying the two items anyway, it's worth having.
UPDATE 24/2/17: Snipperclips, Nintendo Switch's charming puzzle game exclusive, will arrive alongside the console when it launches on 3rd March.
You'll be able to nab it as a download from the Nintendo eShop, priced £17.99.
A free demo will also be available.
Alternatively, you can get the game via a digital download code in a box packed with an extra pair of neon red/blue Joy-Con controllers. There's no price yet for this pack (although an extra pair of Joy-Con controllers currently retails for £74.99 on Amazon).
Previously the game had a vague "March" date.
Snipperclips includes three modes: World (1-2 players, co-op), Party (2-4 players, co-op) and Blitz (2-4 players, competitive).
While you can play the game by yourself, it's really designed as a multiplayer experience. Half the fun is working out how to snip each player's character into the shapes required to complete puzzles - and arguing with your friend in the process.
PORTLAND – One of the city's liveliest music venues has been sold, and will close for about two months for renovations.
And, in a case of commercial history repeating itself, the renovation plans include turning part of Empire Dine and Dance back into a Chinese restaurant.
Additional Photos In this October 2009 file photo, the exterior of Empire Dine and Dance on Congress Street in Portland. One of the city's liveliest music venues has been sold, and when it reopens, it will have returned to its Asian roots. Gordon Chibroski / Staff Photographer
Empire Dine and Dance, at 575 Congress St., will close for about two months after Sunday's country-flavored show with Saccarappa Boys and North of Nashville, said its founder, Bill Umbel.
The five-year-old restaurant and music venue has been sold by Umbel and will be run by Theresa Chan, a Maine restaurateur, and Todd Bernard, a veteran of Portland's arts scene. Bernard is a former owner of the Space Gallery music and arts venue, at 538 Congress St.
Umbel said the new operators will close Empire Dine and Dance temporarily so that the downstairs, which now is a bar and restaurant with space for small music groups, can be renovated into a Chinese restaurant.
The building was home to a Chinese restaurant called The Empire from about World War I into the 1950s.
The 240-person capacity room upstairs will remain a concert room, Umbel said.
Bernard confirmed Friday that the venue will double as a Chinese restaurant and live music venue, and said the name will remain Empire Dine and Dance.
Umbel, 55, said he had been looking to sell the business for a while because he's “getting old and tired” and running a music venue isn't his primary line of work — real estate sales and development is.
He said he was looking for the right buyers and would not have sold to Bernard and Chan if he hadn't thought they would keep running the place as a hub of the local music scene.
“Until I found the right person, I'd just as soon run the place myself,” Umbel said. “I wanted to leave it in the hands of someone who would continue the tradition.” He would not disclose the sale price.
When Umbel bought the building, it was run down and had been a bar for many years. He knew that it had been a Chinese restaurant called The Empire at one time, and he restored the name when he opened his club in December 2007.
Empire's website had a message Friday announcing Sunday's show as the “Farewell For Now Celebration.”
Empire Dine and Dance has hosted live music almost every night of the week, offering everything from classic rock and country to Americana and R&B.
One of its most popular recurring events has been “Clash of the Titans,” with local bands competing against each other by playing covers of specific artists. For example, Wednesday's Clash featured Justin Timberlake songs vs. Beyonce songs.
Musicians who heard about the closure Friday spoke of how important the place is to the local music scene, providing a venue for musicians that is larger than a bar but easier to fill than a theater or arena.
Pete Kilpatrick, whose Pete Kilpatrick Band has played Empire Dine and Dance several times, said the venue's location in the heart of Portland's arts district helped make it a hot spot.
“We had one of our album release parties there, and it's always a great place to play,” Kilpatrick said. “Everyone knows it's a place you can go to hear good music.”
Ray Routhier can be contacted at 791-6454 or at:
[email protected]
Share
Wayne Bennett is the most successful coach in Australian rugby league history
Australia head coach Mal Meninga believes England can challenge for next year's World Cup and backs Wayne Bennett to take them forward.
Bennett, 66, became head coach in February but England failed to reach the final in the Four Nations.
They were beaten by New Zealand and Australia, who host next year's World Cup along with Papua New Guinea.
"Don't write off England, they are not far off it. Wayne knows how to put a team together," Meninga said.
"If they start the World Cup off on the right foot and get consistency they will be hard to beat."
England beat Scotland but lost a close game with New Zealand before being well beaten by Australia
The World Cup begins in October 2017 and England will look to improve on their run to the semi-finals under Steve McNamara at the last edition in 2013, which was won by Australia.
Bennett is the most successful coach in Australian rugby league history, with seven Grand Final wins.
But he has been criticised for his handling of the media during the Four Nations and was critical of his side after Sunday's 36-18 defeat by Australia, saying they "self destructed" at times.
"Wayne is right in that he has the players. It's about their self-belief and coming up with the right decision under pressure," said Meninga, whose side meet New Zealand in Saturday's Four Nations final at Anfield.
"Look at their forward pack, they are outstanding players in their own right. The team is not without talent, it's a matter of how they can get together as a group and play for one another when they put that jersey on. I believe Wayne is the right man to take it forward."
Meninga said last month that Bennett wanted his job but could not coach Australia for a third time because his job as Brisbane Broncos head coach prevented him from taking on the role full-time.
The 56-year-old, who says the pair "don't talk", said Bennett had "great man-management skills".
"He has had a lot of success and I've been coached by him many times," Meninga said."He knows how to get the most from players and the players have to believe that."
Meninga's side lost to New Zealand in the 2014 Four Nations final and the two sides have each lifted the trophy twice over the four previous tournaments.
Real-life Fight Club 'tried to knock some sense into depressed friend - but ended up beating him to death'
Group decided staging fights was the best way to spice up their lives
But when one member's mother died he became depressed
So they decided to pay him a visit and started punching him
They said it was to cheer him up, but it went too far
The three men, from Russia, eventually confessed to a van driver
They were jailed, and all received nearly 10 years behind bars
A real-life Fight Club group beat a grief-stricken friend to death in Russia after apparently trying to 'knock some sense into him'.
The group, which mirrored Brad Pitt's combat gang in the movie of the same name, decided staging fights was the best way to spice up their lives.
But when group member Mikhail Burdukov, 37, became depressed after his mother died his friends decided to pay him a visit.
Jailed: One of the members of a real-life Fight Club group who tried to knock some sense into their grief-stricken friend The victim Mikhail Burdukov, 37, became depressed after losing his mother, his killers said The group mirrored 1999 film Fight Club, starring Edward Norton (left) and Brad Pitt (right)
Andrey Hodirev, 36, Viktor Alexandrov, 42, and Vadim Blandin, 39, from Omsk, a city in south-western Siberia, went to his apartment where, as they later told police, he appeared to be in 'a bad way'.
They said they put him in the shower and began slapping him in a bid to jolt him back to reality.
'He seemed to make more sense when we slapped him so we kept on doing it,' Hodirev told detectives.
But the slapping grew more intense after Burdukov began to fight back and his friends were happy he seemed to be getting into the club's spirit.
The group, which mirrored Brad Pitt's combat gang in the movie of the same name, decided staging fights was the best way to spice up their humdrum lives Set to appeal: One of the defendants appearing in court in Siberia, Russia But after a few more punches were traded, he lay dead on the floor. That was when the three men panicked and decided to get rid of the body. They asked the driver of a minivan, Dmitrii Borodin, to help them transfer some construction material. 'I saw them carrying a carpet out of the building tied up with metal strings. At some point it fell on the ground and they put a lot of force into picking it up back again which meant it was heavy.
The group asked the driver of a minivan, Dmitrii Borodin, to help them as they tried to get rid of the body, but he became suspicious and called police
The group asked Dmitrii Borodin, to help them move transfer some construction material in the back of his van, but it was the body He said: 'I thought at the same moment, that there was something suspicious going on'
'I thought at the same moment, that there was something suspicious going on,' stated the driver.
After they dropped the body in a meadow, the men returned to the minivan and during their ride back home, they confessed everything to the driver, who tried to remain calm.
Fearing he might meet the same fate as the man in the carpet, he went to police later that day.
This week the trio were sentenced to nearly ten years each in jail - but they have said they will appeal, insisting they were only trying to help their friend get over his depression.
70 engineers are at work to build two satellites in six months, ISRO is overseeing the process.
Alpha Design Technologies will lead the consortium that will build two satellites.
India, which has set its eyes to be a serious player in the multi-billion dollar satellite industry, has roped in the private sector to manufacture satellites. After conducting 150 missions over three decades, the country's nodal space agency ISRO has tasked a consortium to make two big satellites for India's navigation system.Alpha Design Technologies, which will lead the consortium, is a Rs 400-crore defence equipment supplier. But ISRO is expected to take the firm though the complex process of development - which can take at least six months. Already, a team of 70 engineers is working hard to make a flight ready satellite.On an average, India needs around 17 satellites a year for communication, weather prediction and other. The larger and more complex satellites that are capable of multi-tasking can weigh 1.5 tonnes and above. Of these, ISRO, with its current capacity, cannot meet the target.Admitting the gap between "requirement versus capability", Dr M Annadurai, the Director of the ISRO Satellite Center, said they want industry to fill it. "I think the requirement we are foreseeing is nearly 16 to 17 satellites per year that we have to make. So it is a really, really, quantum jump," he said.As of now, with seven satellites in orbit, the NAVIC or the Swadeshi GPS system is fully functional. But to be on the safe side, ISRO needed two spare satellites on the ground for quick launch in case something went wrong.At ISRO, scientists say they also want to seed an ecosystem where the private sector takes the lead in future.Lately, India has broken into the satellite launch industry, releasing a record 104 satellites into space in February, many of which belonged to other nations. For now, it is regarded as a low-cost, reliable space power. But building satellites for other nations is a long term goal not only to add muscle to space programme, but to take it to the next level in the space market. Satellite fabrication requires high precision. It costs hundreds of crores and after launch are expected to remain functional for up to 10 years, with no scope for repair. "It is a challenging task for any Indian company to undertake assembly, integration and testing of a satellite," said Colonel H S Shankar of Alpha Designs, the man leading the consortium.
We know Jason Garrison can hit for power. But the Vancouver Canucks need him to bat from both sides of the plate.
The defenceman from White Rock, who won the National Hockey League team's hardest-shot competition Saturday with a thunderous wallop of 105.1 miles-per-hour, has struggled in several games since an injury six weeks ago to Alex Edler forced Garrison to switch sides on the ice.
The surprising part is that Garrison, a left-shot defenceman who had been playing out of position on the right alongside Edler, moved back to his natural side after his partner sprained a knee Dec. 3 in Nashville. The left is Garrison's strong side. At least, it is supposed to be.
But the 29-year-old, the Canucks' steadiest defenceman last season, has been uncharacteristically erratic since re-forming a defence partnership with righty Kevin Bieksa.
Garrison's nadir was last weekend in Los Angeles, where he was on the ice for six of seven goals the Canucks surrendered in losses to the Kings and Anaheim Ducks. He made critical mistakes on decisive goals in both games and finished the weekend minus-five.
Like his team, Garrison bounced back at home last week. He scored to start the Canucks' rally in what became a 5-4 shootout loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Tuesday, then assisted on the winning goal in Friday's 2-1 victory against the St. Louis Blues. Although the Canucks were outshot while Garrison was on the ice, he was plus-three in the two games and made a key defensive play in the final seconds against the Blues when he rebounded like Dwight Howard, outjumping everyone to swat away a loose puck that was about to fall on to or behind Canuck goalie Eddie Lack.
“I played a little basketball growing up,” Garrison said. “But I was always too small to make the team. Maybe I could show them that tape.”
The good news for Garrison is he's making an excellent living playing hockey and Edler, who practised fully with the Canucks on Sunday, could return to the lineup tonight. The bad news is the Canucks are back in L.A. to face the Kings and, even when Edler returns, Garrison still will be asked to switch-hit.
“He's going to have to play both,” Canuck coach John Tortorella said. “There have been some struggles on the left side. Whether it's because it's the left side, whether it's because it's the responsibilities that have been added with some of the injuries, I don't know. But he's going to end up playing both sides.”
Garrison's ice time spiked when defenceman Ryan Stanton hurt his ankle on Dec. 17 and followed Edler out of the lineup. Garrison has averaged over 25 minutes the last 11 games and in some of those has played too much. His average ice time this season is 22:10.
Edler practised Sunday on the left side of the third pairing, with Yannick Weber and Frankie Corrado taking turns beside him. Regardless of where Edler plays where that leaves Garrison, the minutes of all Canuck defencemen are going to come down.
Frank Sinatra Jr., the singer and bandleader who once chafed in his father's shadow but later called performing his music "a big, fat gift," has died of cardiac arrest at 72 while on tour in Daytona, Fla., according to his family's website.
Sinatra Jr., born in Jersey City in 1944 to Sinatra and his first wife Nancy Barbato Sinatra, followed the Hoboken-born legend into show business, singing, touring and appearing on variety shows, but never achieving the success of his high-flying father, with whom he had a distant relationship for much of his life.
In 1963, the 19-year-old Sinatra was kidnapped in Lake Tahoe and held for ransom for several days, until his family paid $240,000 and he was released near his mother's home in Bel Air. A friend of the young Sinatra's sister Nancy and two of his accomplices were arrested and convicted, although they claimed in their defense that it was all an elaborate publicity hoax engineered by the young singer.
When Sinatra Jr. was 44 and performing in Atlantic City, his father, then 72, called him up and asked him be his conductor. "Well, after my friends had revived me with the smelling salts," he told the Guardian in 2012, "I said to him, 'You can't be serious?'"
He worked as his father's musical director and conductor until the elder Sinatra's death in 1998, and then continued his own touring career, performing Sinatra classics in Las Vegas and beyond.
"Since my father's death, a lot of people have made it clear that they're not ready to give up the music," Sinatra Jr. told the Associated Press in 2002. "For me, it's a big, fat gift. I get to sing with a big orchestra and get to sing orchestrations that will never be old."
Sinatra Jr., who was divorced at the time of his death, has one son from a previous relationship, Michael.
Vicki Hyman may be reached at vhyman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @vickihy or like her on Facebook. Find NJ.com/Entertainment on Facebook, and check out TV Hangover, the podcast from Vicki Hyman and co-host Erin Medley on iTunes, Stitcher or listen here.
UPDATE 2015-12-09: more news regarding the US: The Force Awakens: Dec 8 Wassenaar Meeting Notes.
UPDATE 2015-07-16: on the US implementation that exceeds what was agreed on in the Wassenaar Arrangement: Coalition of Security Companies Forms to Oppose Wassenaar Rules (Threatpost)
UPDATE 2015-06-08: on the US implementation that exceeds what was agreed on in the Wassenaar Arrangement: Bug Bounties in Crosshairs of Proposed US Wassenaar Rules (Threatpost)
UPDATE 2015-05-26: Wassenaar Restrictions on Speech (Adam Shostack)
UPDATE 2015-05-25: Why changes to Wassenaar make oppression and surveillance easier, not harder (Halvar Flake)
UPDATE 2014-11-07: EU catches up, takes steps to control export of intrusion spyware, IP monitoring (Privacy International)
UPDATE 2013-12-13b: Privacy International covered Wassenaar here (Dec 6), here (Dec 9) and here (Dec 9) and published A guide to the Wassenaar Arrangement (Dec 10). Kudos to Eric King (@e3i5) for pointing this out!
UPDATE 2013-12-13: Collin D. Anderson points out that states have to codify the Wassenaar controls, and that “engagement is pretty key to avoiding harm and getting some use out of the regulations”. If you live in one of the 41 states that participate in the Wassenaar Arrangement, perhaps it's a good idea to get engaged in your government's codification of the export control on intrusion software. These are the participating states: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, United Kingdom, and the United States.
============ ORIGINAL POST IS BELOW THIS LINE ============
As of December 4th 2013 “intrusion software” is export-controlled as a “dual-use” technology under the Wassenaar Arrangement. “A group of 41 countries, including all EU member states, the US and Russia, has decided to control the export of certain intrusive technologies”, states the blog of MEP Marietje Schaake (D66 party).
The List of Dual-Use Goods and Technologies of December 4th 2013 (.pdf) states that controls do not apply to technology available to the general public or to “basic scientific research” (does anyone know whether this indeed in practice exempts penetration testing and the security research community, academic and non-academic, as we know it today?). The primary aim of the export control is to prevent export to authoritarian regimes of “technology to spy on and repress their population”; the same technology “can also be used against us in a cyber-attack or for corporate espionage”. The blog states:
“That is a crucial first step, but this agreement does require more work. It lacks precision and the terms that are used are open for interpretation. Because of this, some dangerous technologies will not be controlled, whereas other harmless ones might be. We need clear definitions so that we do not inhibit the transfer of harmless software that helps people gain access to information or freedom of speech.”
I first cite some context from page 3, and below that, the parts that cover “intrusion software”:
GENERAL TECHNOLOGY NOTE
The export of “technology” which is “required” for the “development”, “production” or “use” of items controlled in the Dual-Use List is controlled according to the provisions in each Category. This “technology” remains under control even when applicable to any uncontrolled item. Controls do not apply to that “technology” which is the minimum necessary for the installation, operation, maintenance (checking) or repair of those items which are not controlled or whose export has been authorised. […] Controls do not apply to “technology” “in the public domain”, to “basic scientific research” or to the minimum necessary information for patent applications. GENERAL SOFTWARE NOTE The Lists do not control “software” which is any of the following: 1. Generally available to the public by being: a. Sold from stock at retail selling points without restriction, by means of: Over-the-counter transactions; Mail order transactions; Electronic transactions; or Telephone call transactions; and b. Designed for installation by the user without further substantial support by the supplier;
Note: Entry 1 of the General Software Note does not release “software” controlled by Category 5 – Part 2 (“Information Security”).
2. “In the public domain”; or 3. The minimum necessary “object code” for the installation, operation, maintenance (checking) or repair of those items whose export has been authorised. Note: Entry 3 of the General Software Note does not release “software” controlled by Category 5 – Part 2 (“Information Security”).
Page 72-74 mention “intrusion software” on the dual-use list:
DUAL-USE LIST – CATEGORY 4 – COMPUTERS
[…] 4.A SYSTEMS, EQUIPMENT AND COMPONENTS 4.A.5. Systems, equipment, and components therefor, specially designed or modified for the generation, operation or delivery of, or communication with, “intrusion software“. 4.D SOFTWARE
Note: The status of “software” for equipment described in other Categories is dealt with in the appropriate Category. 4.D.1. “Software” as follows: a. “Software” specially designed or modified for the “development” or “production” of equipment or “software” specified by 4.A. or 4.D. […] 4.D.2. “Software” specially designed or modified to support “technology” specified by 4.E. […] 4.D 4. “Software” specially designed or modified for the generation, operation or delivery of, or communication with, “intrusion software“. 4. E. TECHNOLOGY 4. E. 1. “Technology” as follows: 1. “Technology” according to the General Technology Note, for the “development”, “production” or “use” of equipment or “software” specified by 4.A. or 4.D. a. […] b. […] c. “Technology” for the “development” of “intrusion software“.
Page 209 defines “intrusion software” :
DEFINITIONS
Cat 4 “Intrusion software“: “Software” specially designed or modified to avoid detection by ‘monitoring tools', or to defeat ‘protective countermeasures', of a computer or network- capable device, and performing any of the following: a. The extraction of data or information, from a computer or network- capable device, or the modification of system or user data; or b. The modification of the standard execution path of a program or process in order to allow the execution of externally provided instructions. Notes: “Intrusion software” does not include any of the following:
a. Hypervisors, debuggers or Software Reverse Engineering (SRE) tools;
b. Digital Rights Management (DRM) “software”; or
c. “Software” designed to be installed by manufacturers, administrators or users, for the purposes of asset tracking or recovery. Network-capable devices include mobile devices and smart meters. Technical Notes 1. ‘Monitoring tools': “software” or hardware devices, that monitor system behaviours or processes running on a device. This includes antivirus (AV) products, end point security products, Personal Security Products (PSP), Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS) or firewalls. 2. ‘Protective countermeasures': techniques designed to ensure the safe execution of code, such as Data Execution Prevention (DEP), Address Space Layout Randomisation (ASLR) or sandboxing.
EOF
Hillary Clinton has effectively pushed aside sitting Democratic party head and Florida Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz. This is one of the first moves undertaken by the Clinton campaign after she assumed the title of presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.
As CNN reports:
‘Hillary Clinton's campaign is taking the reins of the Democratic National Committee, installing a new top official on Thursday to oversee the party's day-to-day operations through the general election.'
The new man in charge is a young African American man named Brandon Davis. CNN goes on to say:
‘Brandon Davis, national political director for the Service Employees International Union, will become the general election chief of staff for the Democratic Party. His selection formalizes the coordination of the Clinton campaign and the committee, a stark contrast to Donald Trump who is currently at odds with his party.'
Wasserman Schultz has been the target of nearly continuous criticism that she has tipped the scales in Clinton's favor while the primary season was still active. Some of the allegations were conspiratorial and far fetched.
However, other allegations lobbed at the congresswoman were factual, such as the truth that she set the debate days at the most inopportune times for the exposure of the lesser-known candidates, a category which eventually only included Bernie Sanders.
Supporters of Senator Sanders, who now faces the decision as to how he will continue in the aftermath of Clinton being declared the presumptive nominee, have also used the Congresswoman as a scapegoat for some issues that are factual but have nothing to do with her.
One of the main points of contention has been superdelegates, those party leaders who are voting delegates at the nominating convention but are free to vote for whomever they please. Superdelegates remove a hefty portion of democracy from the Democratic Party's presidential candidate nominating process.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz has nothing to do with this, though. The usage of superdelegates has existed for decades. They were employed to help protect the interests of the Party from outside, grassroots influences.
Is that a good thing? No. But by definition, the Democratic Party is a private club, just like every other political party in every other country on the face of the earth. No, private clubs shouldn't have such leverage over who is the leader of the United States of America. But that's the problem, not simple protection of self interest. It is perfectly reasonable for the Democratic Party to want to protect its organizational interest.
The same line of reasoning applies to the closed primaries, which are employed by the Democratic Party and have been almost as large of a point of contention between Sanders supporters and Schultz as the superdelegates. Schultz has said that she would prefer no independents vote in any Democratic primaries.
Is that unreasonable? No. It's the Democratic Party, not the party.
Working with the system is the most effective way to change it. Sanders supporters who are fighting an impotent enemy, aka the DNC, are not going to get anywhere.
And that's not an opinion; it's by definition. The DNC is the DNC; fighting what the DNC does external to itself is the only effective way to go.
Featured Image is via Gage Skidmore on Flickr, Available Under a Creative Commons License.
THE skipper and navigation officer of the cargo ship Rena, which smashed into a reef, causing New Zealand's worst maritime environmental disaster, have both been jailed for seven months.
Captain Mauro Balomaga, 44, and navigation officer Leonil Relon, 37, both Filipinos, were today sentenced in Tauranga District Court, in the North Island, on a raft of charges laid after the 236-metre, 37,000-tonne cargo ship struck Astrolabe Reef off Tauranga in the early hours of October 5 last year.
It spilled about 360 tonnes of heavy fuel oil into the sea, which washed up on local beaches and killed wildlife.
Containers were washed overboard and clean-up crews are still picking up debris from the wreck, which broke apart in January after being pounded by heavy seas.
The disaster, which sparked a massive anti-pollution response, ruined the summer for many in the Bay of Plenty as beaches were spoiled and tourism suffered.
Both men, whose name suppression was lifted on Friday, had earlier pleaded guilty to wilfully attempting to pervert the course of justice by altering the ship's documents after it was grounded.
They had been facing maximum penalties of seven years in prison and a $300,000 fine. They were not fined.
The court was told crew members were trying to get into Tauranga Harbour as quickly as they could and broke the "basic principles of navigation".
In trying to take a shortcut they changed course but the diversion was not noted on the chart and no effort was made to project the ship's course.
About 10 minutes before the ship grounded, the Astrolabe Reef appeared on the radar, but Balomaga believed it was a small vessel or a false echo, and he took no evasive action.
Crown prosecutor Rob Ronayne said each man's actions displayed "incompetence verging on recklessness".
After the grounding Balomaga instructed Relon to alter the charts, computer and GPS log to make it appear the Rena was planning to pass clear of the reef.
Maritime New Zealand director Keith Manch, in a statement welcoming the sentences, said that the two officers had caused genuine confusion for investigators trying to piece together events.
"It is vital that when these types of events do take place, we can find out how and why they have happened to help prevent such an event happening again," he said.
Mr Manch said the sentencing was a milestone in the continuing clean-up effort, which earlier this year was estimated to have cost $NZ130 million ($101.18 million).
More than 800 of the 1368 containers aboard the ship have so far been recovered and most of the 1700 tonnes of heavy fuel pumped off.
The ship's owner, Greece-based Daina Shipping, has also been charged with discharging harmful substances and its case has been put off until July.
Originally published as NZ ship disaster crew get 7 months' jail
PRETORIA – South Africa will soon impose a new carbon tax, although the measure will only apply to less than 40 percent of all carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere.
The government of South Africa recently released its latest budget plan, which, amongst other measures, unveiled a proposal to instate a new carbon tax which would be levied on polluters from all sectors of the economy.
The new tax will be implemented in the 2013 – 2014 fiscal year, and will be charged at ZAR 160 for each ton of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere, and the levy will increase by 10 percent each year until 2020.
In order to minimize the adverse economic effects of the proposed tax, a maximum of only 40 percent of an enterprise's total emissions will be subject to the new system. The emissions threshold is a temporary measure and will remain in place until 2020. Companies that are not operating in the power production industry may also apply to lower their limit.
The Treasury Department of South Africa is expected to publish draft legislation of the new carbon tax within a few months. Prior to the new tax being enacted it would still need to be approved by the parliament of South Africa.
According to the government of South Africa, the new tax will provide enterprises with greater incentive to utilize green technologies and clean energy. The move is also expected to result in a gradual decrease in the country's reliance on coal based energy production.
Photo by MIKKO ITÄLAHTI
Portugal's opposition Socialists pledged to topple the centre-right minority government with a no-confidence motion, saying the president had created "an unnecessary political crisis" by nominating Pedro Passos Coelho as prime minister.
The move could wreck Mr Passos Coelho's efforts to get his centre-right government's programme passed in parliament in ten days' time, extending the political uncertainty hanging over the country since an inconclusive 4 October election.
Mr Coelho was named prime minister on Thursday after his coalition won the most votes in the national election but lost its majority in parliament, which swung to leftist parties.
This set up a confrontation with the main opposition Socialists, who have been trying to form their own coalition government with the hard left Communists and Left Bloc, who all want to end the centre-right's austerity policies.
"The president has created an unnecessary political crisis by naming Passos Coelho as prime minister," Socialist leader Antonio Costa said.
The Socialists and two leftist parties quickly showed that they control the most votes when parliament reopened yesterday, electing a Socialist speaker of the house and rejecting the centre-right candidate.
"This is the first institutional expression of the election results," Costa said. "In this election of speaker, parliament showed unequivocally the majority will of the Portuguese for a change in our democracy."
Early yesterday, Mr Costa's party gave its lawmakers a mandate to "present a motion rejecting any government programme" that includes similar policies to the last government.
After the national election, Mr Passos Coelho tried to gain support from the Socialists, who instead started negotiating with the Communists and Left Bloc.
Antonio Barroso, senior vice president of the Teneo Intelligence consultancy in London, said Costa was likely to threaten any Socialist lawmaker with expulsion if they vote for the centre-right government's programme.
"Therefore, the government is likely to fall, which will put the ball back on the president's court," Mr Barroso said in a note.
The political stand-off has prompted concerns that the economy's recovery after a bailout could stumble.
But, so far, bond market investors have focussed instead on the likelihood of more quantitative easing from the European Central Bank. Benchmark 10-year bond yields were slightly higher at 2.38 percent on Friday.
Portugal's PSI20 stock index was up 1%.
Passos Coelho's government pursued austerity measures and tax hikes during the past four years under a bailout which plunged Portugal into a three-year recession. The economy returned to growth last year and accelerated this year.
Tech conglomerate Cisco Systems has proposed a blockchain system to track Internet of Things (IoT) devices.
In an application released by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Thursday, the technology giant outlined a blockchain platform that can identify different connected devices, monitor their activity and evaluate how trustworthy the device is when connected to a network.
The system is also said to be able to automatically register and assess new devices as they are added to the network, by comparing their performance to devices already on the blockchain.
The filing specifically refers to “low-power and lossy networks” (LLNs), which usually run smart grid-type systems and may be composed of sensors, according to the release. Due to their environments and general design, these devices may suffer from reliability issues.
LLNs may be composed of anywhere “from a few dozen and up to thousands or even millions of LLN routers,” it explains. The number of LLNs is growing as well, as previously non-networked sensors and devices become increasingly connected to the internet.
As a result, the proposed system aims to improve the process by which devices are monitored, something the concept's authors say is “key” for the Internet of Things:
“Particularly in the context of the IoT and similar networks, device identity and management is a key building block for a viable end-to-end solution. Depending on the particular use case, a ‘thing' may have to register or authenticate its identity with different service enablers that may use various service-specific procedures.”
Automating the system using a blockchain is just one of Cisco's proposed solutions for efficiently adding devices to different networks.
Back in April, Cisco was one of several companies to announce an IoT protocol that registers devices using a blockchain-compatible application program interface, or API.
Network cables image via Shutterstock
Massachusetts Comprehensive Assessment System
John and Abigail Adams Scholarship
The John and Abigail Adams Scholarship provides a tuition credit for up to eight semesters of undergraduate education at a Massachusetts state college or university. The scholarship covers tuition only; fees and room and board are not included. The scholarship must be used within six years of a student's high school graduation.
In order to be eligible for the John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, Massachusetts public high school students in the class of 2015 or earlier must
have scores of Advanced and Proficient on grade 10 MCAS tests in English Language Arts (ELA) and Mathematics (at least one score must be Advanced ) and
and on grade 10 MCAS tests in English Language Arts (ELA) and Mathematics (at least one score must be ) have combined scores on MCAS ELA and Mathematics tests that place them in the top 25 percent of students in the graduating class in their district.
Beginning with the class of 2016, in order to be eligible for the scholarship, students must
score at the Advanced performance level on one of the three high school state assessment tests in ELA, Mathematics, or STE (Biology, Chemistry, Introductory Physics, or Technology/Engineering); and
performance level on one of the three high school state assessment tests in ELA, Mathematics, or STE (Biology, Chemistry, Introductory Physics, or Technology/Engineering); score at the Proficient level or higher on the remaining two high school state assessment tests; and
level or higher on the remaining two high school state assessment tests; have combined scores from the three tests that place them in the top 25 percent of students in the graduating class in their district.
Scholarship eligibility is based on each student's first attempt at taking the spring grade 10 MCAS tests in ELA and Mathematics (and for students in the class of 2016 and beyond, first attempt at taking one of the four STE tests). In order to receive the scholarship, a student must be enrolled in a Massachusetts public high school in his or her senior year. Students who qualify for the scholarship will receive award letters and further information in the fall of their senior year.
Students in charter schools and students who participate in school choice or METCO are eligible for the scholarship if they meet the eligibility requirements for either the school they attend or the district in which they reside.
In order to claim the Adams Scholarship, the student must
be a permanent legal resident of Massachusetts for at least one year prior to entering college as a freshman;
United States Citizen or a non-citizen authorized by the federal government to live and work in the United States on a temporary or permanent basis;
be a graduate of a Massachusetts public high school;
be accepted at a Massachusetts public college or university;
complete the online Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA);
submit the Adams Scholarship award letter to the financial aid office; and
enroll as a full-time student.
To continue receiving the Adams Scholarship, a student must
be enrolled full-time at a public higher education institution;
maintain a cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) of 3.0 on all college work; and
annually complete the FAFSA.
Eligible students who first enrolled in a private college or public university in another state may activate their Adams Scholarship upon transfer to a Massachusetts public college or university, provided they have previously maintained a cumulative 3.0 GPA.
For additional information, call 781-338-3625 or send an email to mcas@doe.mass.edu.
Massachusetts State Colleges and Universities that Accept the Adams Scholarship
Last Updated: September 28, 2016
When the St. Louis Rams recently announced that they'd be moving back to Los Angeles for the 2016 season, all sorts of uniform-related speculation immediately ensued. Would the Rams get a new uni set? Would they go back to their old L.A. colors?
Aside from changing their logo to say "Los Angeles" instead of "St. Louis," the Rams haven't yet addressed those questions. But we didn't want to wait, so we recently invited Uni Watch readers to come up with their own ideas for how the team should look now that it's back in L.A.
It's worth mentioning that many, many readers responded by saying, "They should just go back to the old L.A. Rams design" or "Redesignate their current throwbacks as their primary uniform." And sure, that would likely be a popular route for the team to take.
But well more than 100 readers accepted the challenge to redesign the Rams -- sometimes with small tweaks and sometimes with radical makeovers. The best and most interesting submissions are shown below. For each of them, you can click on the image to see a larger version of it. Ready? Here we go.
Best overall uniform set: Alex Rocklein
Alex Rocklein
Alex Rocklein
Alex Rocklein
Alex Rocklein's submission has strong echoes of the Rams' L.A.-era uniforms -- he went back to the old color scheme and restored the horns to the shoulders and sleeves -- but also has some new elements. He added white sleeves and numbers to the home design (a very simple move that looks terrific), changed the sleeves on the road jersey to blue (they used to be yellow back in the day), and came up with a solid alternate uniform. More evolution than revolution, it's a strong design that recalls the past while pointing toward the future. Nice job.
Best new helmet: John Roshell
John Roshell
The reality, of course, is that the Rams' helmet is fine just the way it is. Why mess with perfection? But hey, this is a redesign contest, so there were lots of submissions featuring new looks for the team's headgear. The best one was from John Roshell, who shortened the horns, giving them a bit less of a curlicue, and also gave them some two-color accenting. Not bad! It looks just as sharp with his road uniform design, and then he swapped out the horn decals and face mask for his alternate design. If the Rams ever change their helmet -- which, let's face it, seems unlikely -- they could do a lot worse than this.
Best new logo set: Dan Kennedy
Dan Kennedy
Most NFL logo mascots, whether human or animal, face rightward. Dan Kennedy's ram faces left -- a good detail for a franchise returning to the Left Coast -- and he has used it as the basis for a well-integrated system of logos that feel classic and contemporary in equal measure. He also has taken the extra step of showing how the logos would look on the field, where they work really well:
Dan Kennedy
You can see Kennedy's full presentation, including his proposed uniforms, here.
Best slightly revised logos: Tim Burke and Mark Rabinowitz
Tim Burke
Mark Rabinowitz
Sometimes you don't have to reinvent the wheel -- you just have to tinker with it a bit. Tim Burke, who created the design shown above on the blue background, improved upon the Rams' current logo by lowering the ram's head, adding some ridges to its horns and making its face less cartoonish. Mark Rabinowitz, who designed the logo on the white background, got similarly impressive mileage by making some minor adjustments to the ram and, especially, by positioning the team name on an upward slant, which gives his logo a sense of liftoff. Nicely done.
Best commemorative patch: Andrew Wagner
Andrew Wagner
We asked everyone to include a patch design commemorating the Rams' return to L.A. Andrew Wagner's was the best of the batch -- love the way he worked "LA" into the "Rams" lettering, and even use of the word "Rebirth" feels right. Simple, powerful, effective. (And Wagner's full uniform concept isn't bad either.)
Best presentation: Gene Sanny
Gene Sanny
Gene Sanny's concept is solid enough, but what really sets it apart is the illustration showing the uniforms in action -- so much more dynamic-looking than a simple template or mock-up, and it gives much better sense of how the uniform would look in the real world. Remember, kids, presentation counts.
Best gratuitous use of black: Walter Srocki
Walter Srocki
We're all familiar with the trend of sports teams adding black to their color schemes for no good reason. (Here at Uni Watch, we call this "BFBS" -- black for black's sake.) But Walter Srocki actually came up with a good rationale for dressing the Rams in black: He renamed the team as the Black Sheep -- a good name for an itinerant franchise like this one -- and even used the second and third letters of the new name to highlight the team's new city. The results are, frankly, hideous (although the same can be said for most teams that go the BFBS route), but the underlying idea is clever.
Honorable mention: The eccentric designer known as Wafflebored came up with a Rams identity design that honors place-kickers, including a kicking-themed number font. ... Tom Bierbaum's Rams concept was so-so, but his hand-drawn submission included a glimpse at what could be a really good redesign for the Buccaneers. As usual, he also included a Joe Cool-style mascot character. ... NFL uniforms don't have corporate ad patches (yet). But if that ever happens, Brad Swanson's Rams logo is tailor-made for a McDonald's sponsorship. ... You know the famous "Hollywood" sign? Brandon McDaniel's submission included player names rendered in typography that echoes the look of the sign. It doesn't quite work, but it's a fun idea. ... Someone must have told Eric Wahlquist that the person judging this contest really likes stripes. That's happens to be true, but there's such a thing as too many stripes. ... Everyone wants to see the horns restored to the Rams' shoulders and sleeves. Back in the day, the sleeves were long enough to accommodate the horn and the uni number, but today's football jerseys barely have sleeves at all, and you can see the problem on the Rams' current throwbacks, where the horn, the number, and the Nike logo all compete for the very limited space. Craig Markus came up with a good solution: He had the horn begin on the inner shoulder and superimposed the number on that area, leaving the sleeve number-free. (As you can see, he also put menacing eyes on the upper chest -- let's hope Nike doesn't get any ideas from that one.)
Can't get enough? You can see all of the entries we received here.
Paul Lukas will have more redesign challenges soon. If you liked this column, you'll probably like his Uni Watch Blog, plus you can follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Want to learn about his Uni Watch Membership Program, be added to his mailing list so you'll always know when a new column has been posted or just ask him a question? Contact him here.
While at ZuriHac, Johan Tibell, David Anderson, Duncan Coutts and I discussed what the highest priority projects for the Haskell community are, in the context of the Google Summer of Code, for which Haskell.org is a mentoring organization for the 5th year.
Here's our top 8 most important projects, that we would really like to see good applications for. Some of these have tickets already, but some don't. If you apply to work on projects like those below, you can expect strong support from the mentors, which ultimately determines if you'll be funded.
For details on what we think you need to consider when applying to execute a project, see this earlier post.
A Package Versioning Policy Checker
Cabal relies on package version ranges to determine what Haskell software to install on your system. Version numbers are essentially “hashes” of the API of the package, and should be computed according to the package versioning policy. However, package authors don't have a tool to automatically determine what the version number change to their package should be, when they release a new version, leading to mistakes, and needless dependency breakages.
This project would construct a tool that would be able to compute the correct package version number, given a package and an API change. As an extension, it would warn about errors in version ranges in .cabal files.
“cabal test”
Proper test support is essential for good software quality. By improving Cabal's test support we can test all Cabal packages on continuous build machines which should help us detect breakages earlier. Making it easier to run the tests means that more people will run them and those who already do will run the more often.
Fast text/bytestring HTML combinators
We have Data.Binary for fast serialization of data structures to byte strings to be sent over the wire. High performance web servers need fast HTML generation too, and an approach based on Text.PrettyPrint combinators for filling unicode-friendly Data.Text buffers would be a killer app for web content generation in Haskell. This might mean working on BlazeHTML.
Threadscope with custom probes
ThreadScope is an amazing new tool in the Haskell universe for monitoring executing Haskell processes. It reveals detailed information about thread and GC performance. We'd like to extend the tool with support for new kinds of event hooks. Examples would be watching for MVar locks, STM contention, IO events, and more.
Combine Threadscope with Heap Profiling Tools
ThreadScope lets us monitor thread execution. The Haskell Heap Profiler lets us monitor the Haskell heap live. HPC lets us monitor which code is execution and when. These should all be in an integrated tool for monitoring executing Haskell processes.
LLVM Performance Study
GHC has an LLVM backend. The next step is to look closely at the kind of code we're generating to LLVM, and the optimizations LLVM performs on GHC's code, in order to further improve performance of Haskell code.
LLVM Cross-Compiler
LLVM has support for many new backends, such as ARM. The challenge is to use this ability to generate native code for other architectures to turn GHC into a cross-compiler (so we could produce, e.g. ARM executables on an x86/Linux box). This will involve linker and build system hacking.
Hackage 2.0 Web Services
Hackage is the central repository for Haskell code. It hosts around 2000 libraries, and is growing rapidly. It can be hard to determine which packages to use. We believe social mechanisms (comments, voting, …) can be very succesful in helping to both improve the quality of Hackage, and make it easier for developers to know which library to use. This project would bring Hackage 2.0 to a deployable state, and then consider better interfaces to search and sort packages.
These are the 8 projects we felt were the most important to the community. What do you think? Are there other key projects that need to be done , that will benefit large parts of the community, or enable the use of Haskell in new areas of importance?
Advertisements
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Friday the transfer of heavy-caliber multiple-launch rocket systems from Russia to Ukrainian separatists appeared to be imminent with the arms close enough to the border they could be handed over “potentially today.”
“We have indications that the Russians intend to supply heavier and more sophisticated multiple-launch rocket systems in the very near future,” said Army Colonel Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, adding that the weapons were in the over-200mm range.
Warren indicated the weapons had been seen getting closer to the border and the Pentagon believed a transfer was imminent and could happen “potentially today.”
“We believe that they are able to transfer this equipment at any time, at any moment,” he said.
Warren said it was unclear whether Russian operators of the rocket launchers might cross the border as well but he said there been indications of Russian operators of other systems going over.
A multiple-launch rocket system is a wheeled or tracked vehicle mounted with multiple tubes capable of firing a half dozen or more guided or unguided rockets in quick succession at targets scores of miles (km) away. The rockets are generally 100mm to 300mm, with those over 200mm in the heavier-caliber category.
“We're very concerned with the quantity and the capability of weapons flowing from Russia into the Ukrainian separatists' hands,” Warren said.
“There has been a continuous flow over the last several weeks of weapons and equipment from Russia to Ukraine,” he said, noting that the “most egregious example” was a column of more than 100 vehicles crossing the border.
The Pentagon's assessment that a transfer of heavy weaponry was imminent came as Russian authorities accused Ukraine of firing a volley of mortar rounds across the frontier into Russia on Friday while a group of investigators was in the area assessing reports of cross-border shooting.
A Russian security official said up to 40 mortar bombs fired by Ukrainian forces fell in the Russian province of Rostov near the border where Ukrainian government forces are fighting pro-Russian separatists. There were no reports of injuries.
Warren also said the United States continued to see Russian artillery on Russian soil firing on Ukrainian military positions inside Ukraine, a practice that has been going on for several days now.
He said he had no information about Ukrainians firing across the border into Russia.
Warren said the Pentagon continued to see a “continuous slow and steady buildup” of Russian forces along the border. He said the number was still in the 10,000- to 12,000-range, but was now “towards the high side” of that range.
Others officials estimated the size of the Russian force had grown larger. U.S. Ambassador to NATO Douglas Lute told a security forum in Aspen, Colorado, there were now some 15,000 Russian troops amassed along the Ukraine border.
Warren said the growing size of the Russian force was “very concerning to us.”
“We've repeatedly called on the Russians to withdraw force from the border and to help de-escalate,” he said.
Amazon Echo Leak: Echo Knight With Screen And Camera Coming Next Month
May 7th, 2017: According to a recent report released by ATFV News, a recent Amazon Echo leak suggests the presence of new Echo hardware right around the corner. This new Echo hardware is rumored to come with a screen. If this leak holds true, Amazon Echo could feature a lot more than verbal interactions.
The new Amazon Echo device is http://www.aftvnews.com/amazon-echo-with-built-in-screen-rumored-to-launch-next-month/codenamed Knight by the online retail giant. The device is set to make an appearance next month and supposedly has a built-in video camera.
Amazon recently received a lot of flak from the public for its new Echo Look that gives you fashion advice and suggestions based on the clothes you are wearing. The only catch being that the device requires you to have a video camera in your bedroom, which is connected to the internet 24x.
Advertisement
It was no surprise that many people were not happy with this choice of lifestyle that was being forced on them by a tiny gadget. Amazon Echo has developed tremendously since its launch and has many new features like the news briefing by your Echo, a screen that displays weather, news updates, and the enhanced shopping experience through the Amazon Echo itself.
Amazon has always been a customer oriented company with an excellent track record of service to its customers. Hence many people that trust the brand are excited about the New Echo Knight and are ready to install video cameras in their homes.
As with most Amazon launches, the Amazon Echo Knight is expected to launch in the U.S only. Although there will be a global release for the Echo Knight just like the Echo, Amazon is still expected to wait quite some time in order to test out all the kinks from the device during its initial launch.
Advertisement Advertisement
Like us and Follow us
Follow @Koreaportal and
© 2019 Korea Portal, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
A regular hot-ticket festival feature, the Mystery Matinee is a new addition to the IFI monthly programme, beginning on Sunday, April 30th. The series will include everything from exclusive film previews to classic cult favourites and everything in between, with the film title remaining under wraps until the first few frames appear on screen…
Mystery Matinee is a new series of secret screenings showing at the Irish Film Institute The Irish Film Institute is Ireland's national cultural institution for film. It provides audiences throughout Ireland with access to the finest independent, ... More, giving film fans and cinematic thrill seekers the opportunity to take a leap a faith! The event will continue throughout the year, bringing back that beloved sense of expectation that is an integral part of the cinema-going experience.
The films for each Mystery Matinee screening will be a carefully chosen by the IFI programming department, and they are guaranteed not to disappoint!
The IFI will host their first in the Mystery Matinee screening on Sunday, April 30th at 14.00. Tickets are on sale now at www.ifi.ie or by calling the IFI Box Office on 01-6793477. Tickets are limited and will be strictly on a first come, first-served basis.
Let's Talk About Private Nukes
Start a discussion about either or both of two topics — victim disarmament (“gun control”) or anarchy — and invariably, sooner or later, you're going to get an earful about private nukes.
“We must have some restrictions on the right to keep and bear arms — after all, we can't have every Joe Sixpack walking down the street with a hydrogen bomb strapped to his back.”
“If we get rid of governments, what happens to all those nukes they have lying around? What if al Qaeda gets them?”
These two lines of argument are intended to shut down the respective discussions, and they're often successfully deployed to that purpose. But just this once, let's have a look at the facts instead of throwing up our hands in horror and conceding the validity of.
The first fact to take into consideration is that nuclear weapons (or even primitive atomic fission devices) are incredibly expensive and difficult to develop and build. So expensive, in fact, that it generally takes a huge organization with a coercive monopoly on the incomes of lots and lots of people — in other words, a government — to build one.
The US government spent about $23.6 billion (in 2008 dollars) on the Manhattan Project, which yielded three fission weapons: One detonated as a test, the other two dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Altogether the US government has probably spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $7 trillion (once again in 2008 dollars) — or, to put it a different way, more than half its “national debt” — on nuclear weapons development, testing, maintenance and production. Even relatively well-funded governments of relatively populous nations — that of Iran, for example — haven't figured out a way to make the production of nukes cheap or easy.
The second fact to keep in mind is that nukes really aren't really good for very much. Or, rather, they're not good for much here on Planet Earth. Elsewhere they may be good for quite a few things, but we'll get to that in a minute. Here on Earth, the only thing they're useful for is extortion or deterrence of same, and then only in the context of huge populations whom small groups of individuals — in other words, governments — claim the authority to negotiate on behalf of.
Those two facts taken together inevitably lead us to two conclusions:
First, that no matter how badly someone might want a private nuke, there aren't more than a handful of people on Earth who could afford one.
Second, that among that handful of people on Earth who might be able to afford a private nuke — if they liquidated all their assets and devoted those assets exclusively to the purchase of one — it's likely that not a single one of them would see any reason to buy/build one for terrestrial use.
The threat of “private nukes” is non-existent, and would be so even in the absence of laws forbidding them. Anyone who pulls out the “private nukes” argument in favor of “gun control” — or the continued existence of the state — is, by doing so, confessing that they're all out of real arguments and grasping at straws.
But let's come back around to my note that there's a potential use for “private nukes” off-planet — and that hanging threat of nukes just “lying around” in the absence of government. These two topics were made from each other.
Off-planet, nukes could be useful. For example, they could be used to propel a Project Orion type spacecraft. Or they could be used to terraform Mars — detonated over its polar caps to melt them and release their water and carbon dioxide, thickening the atmosphere, etc.
On-planet, nukes are a threat because they are, in fact, just “lying around,” waiting to either be unleashed on all of us in war, or to be stolen and used by al Qaeda or some other nefarious group. For either outcome, we can thank government, if we live through the experience. The existing nuclear threat isn't the threat of “private nukes.” It's the threat of stolen “public nukes.”
Maybe it's just me, but I don't believe in rewarding knotheads who bring threats like this by leaving them in charge. Government should go, and so should its nukes … preferably at a deep discount to private space exploration/exploitation firms which promise to get them the hell off of our home planet and put them to some useful purpose elsewhere.
Calgary-based innovators could see a big payday for going green.
Team CleanCarbon Energy is the Calgary-based company gunning for the $20 million Carbon X Prize, a contest challenging teams to develop breakthrough technologies that convert the most CO2 into products with the highest net value, making it a recycling Holy Grail.
Made up of engineers, designers, and venture capitalists in Calgary's oil and gas industry, Team CleanCarbon have developed carbon converting technologies with a laboratory team at the Olds College Centre for Innovation (OCCI).
“Our team has substantial experience in energy production, drilling and completions, petrochemicals and carbon conversion with two patents pending that can enable the large scale conversion of greenhouse gas emissions to value added products,” team project manager Jane Bouey said in a release.
Using plant material and geothermal energy in the Earth's subsurface, the company's two technologies — the Downhole Flexfuel Gasifier and the DualCycle Geo-bioreactor — convert carbon dioxide into biomass and produces sustainable fuels, power, and chemicals.
“The complete process occurs without the need for fresh water or a substantial surface footprint,” Bouey said.
Bouey said the biomass their project converts can be used to make many “value added products” like plastics, fertilizers, gasoline, diesel and even electricity.
CleanCarbon Energy said their mission is to “provide carbon balanced renewable sources of energy” and to “improve the quality of life of all through the use of renewable energy without fear of global warming.”
Forty-seven teams from seven countries have entered the Carbon X Prize and the road to winning the top prize is a long one. Judging is currently in the first round with semi-finalists announced Oct. 15, 2016.
The final demonstrations and testing round won't begin until 2017, with the winners announced at an award ceremony in March, 2020.
rrumbolt@postmedia.com
Share. The previous Jessica Jones writer is the new Jessica Jones writer. The previous Jessica Jones writer is the new Jessica Jones writer.
The news is coming in fast on Marvel and Netflix's four upcoming TV series. Earlier today, we learned Drew Goddard would write the Daredevil TV series and now Deadline is reporting that Melissa Rosenberg will write Jessica Jones. If that sounds like familiar news, that's because Rosenberg was the writer attached to the Jessica Jones project (then called AKA Jessica Jones) at ABC a couple of years back, and actually wrote a pilot script that was never produced.
Deadline says Rosenberg -- whose eclectic resume includes writing for the first four seasons of Dexter and all five Twilight movies -- will executive produce and write Jessica Jones. The project is being redeveloped at Netflix, which makes sense, given Rosenberg's previous script was written with ABC in mind and long before the plan to launch the show alongside Daredevil, Iron Fist and Luke Cage shows, which will lead into a team-up miniseries, The Defenders.
Exit Theatre Mode
IGN's Roth Cornet spoke to Rosenberg early this year, when Jessica Jones' fate was still uncertain. At the time, Rosenberg said, "I don't know if it's an ABC show. It might be a cable show, really. The graphic novel is the first one that Marvel did that was meant to serve an adult audience. I toned it down a little bit for network, but it's very, very easy to translate that into cable. Very easy. God I love that project." Obviously, Jessica Jones didn't end up at cable, but Netflix has been equally open to edgier material.
Created by Brian Michael Bendis and Michael Gaydos for the comic book Alias, Jessica Jones was a superhero turned private eye, who dealt with cases involving superheroes and villains. Rosenberg told IGN, “The graphic novel was so phenomenal that I really just wanted to bring that to the screen. It's so raw, and I love this character that is kind of a B-level superhero. She's not in one world or another, she's a borderline alcoholic. She's just a mess, but she's driven by a need to do something greater, you know? She's just this delicious character. Fun, you know? I'd love to write that character more, and I hope I get the opportunity. I've always said that I'd love to write the female Iron Man, this very f***ed-up female character that also wants to do some good. And that's who she is.”
Finally, she speaks. Monica Lewinksy, the woman with whom President Clinton really did have sexual relations back in the late 90s is opening up to Vanity Fair with an explosive essay that sheds light on a number of misconceptions about her and her life.
The big news in “Shame and Survival”: She writes, “Sure my boss took advantage of me, but I will always remain firm on this point: It was a consensual relationship.” Also: “I. Myself. Deeply. Regret. What. Happened.”
Now 40, Lewinksy, who, by the way, looks beautiful in the photo spread, writes about what it has been like to be her for the last nearly two decades. She has floated between New York, LA and Portland, Ore. — this last being the utmost antithesis of Washington, D.C.
Taken from a preview from Vanity Fair‘s publicity department, here are the splashier parts of the story they're letting us see:
1. In the wake of the affair and the press coverage, Monica was suicidal. She blames Matt Drudge and The Drudge Report for her “global humiliation” that was “driven by the Internet.” While she never actually tried to commit suicide, the thoughts were there.
2. She finds it “interesting” that Hillary Clinton's instinct is to “blame the woman.” She insists she is not the “narcissistic loony toon” Hillary said she was. (Narcissism observations are pretty noteworthy coming from Hillary considering who she's married to, right?)
3. She's had a hard time securing jobs because of her past. She gets by on projects and loans from family and friends.
4. Best quote: “It's time to burn the beret and bury the blue dress.”
Most importantly, why is Monica doing this? And why now?
She says it is time to stop “tiptoeing around my past—and other people's futures. I am determined to have a different ending to my story. I've decided, finally, to stick my head above the parapet so that I can take back my narrative and give a purpose to my past. (What this will cost me, I will soon find out.)” She asks somewhat rhetorically, “Am I supposed to put my life on hold for another 8 to 10 years?)
No longer angry at NYT‘s columnist Maureen Dowd (whom she formerly referred to as “Moremean Dowdy”) she says she'd now meet her for a drink.
Come on, Maureen, you need to take Monica up on this!
The June issue will be out May 8 and more nationally on May 13.
Dispute in SF's North Beach leads to drive-by shooting
Click through this slideshow to see the Bay Area cities that reported the most and least violent crimes in 2016. less A 24-year-old man was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Sunday morning after a drive-by shooting in San Francisco's North Beach neighborhood, police said.
Click through this slideshow to ... a more 24-year-old man was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Sunday morning after a drive-by shooting in San Francisco's North Beach neighborhood, police said. Photo: Bill Hutchinson Photo: Bill Hutchinson Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close Dispute in SF's North Beach leads to drive-by shooting 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
A man was injured in San Francisco's North Beach neighborhood Sunday after a sidewalk dispute led to a drive-by shooting, officials said.
Gunfire erupted about 2:15 a.m. on the 400 block of Columbus Avenue near Vallejo Street, close to a number of bars and restaurants, police said.
The 24-year-old victim exited a business with two men, ages 26 and 22, police said. As the victim was walking out, he bumped into a group of three other men standing on the sidewalk, leading to an angry altercation, police said.
The three suspects fled the argument, returned in a vehicle and opened fire, hitting the victim, police said.
The victim, whose name was not released, was transported to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
The suspects fled south on Columbus Avenue, police said.
No arrests have been made.
Sarah Ravani is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: sravani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SarRavani
Everyone else is giving the surface answer, but there's a deeper rationale too: the number of "characters" is a difficult-to-define question and can be surprisingly expensive to compute, whereas a length property should be fast.
Why is it difficult to define? Well, there's a few options and none are really more valid than another:
The number of code units (bytes or other fixed size data chunk; C# and Windows typically use UTF-16 so it returns the number of two-byte pieces) is certainly relevant, as the computer still needs to deal with the data in that form for many purposes (writing to a file, for example, cares about bytes rather than characters)
The number of Unicode codepoints is fairly easy to compute (although O(n) because you gotta scan the string for surrogate pairs) and might matter to a text editor.... but isn't actually the same thing as the number of characters printed on screen (called graphemes). For example, some accented letters can be represented in two forms: a single codepoint, or two points paired together, one representing the letter, and one saying "add an accent to my partner letter". Would the pair be two characters or one? You can normalize strings to help with this, but not all valid letters have a single codepoint representation.
Even the number of graphemes isn't the same as the length of a printed string, which depends on the font among other factors, and since some characters are printed with some overlap in many fonts (kerning), the length of a string on screen is not necessarily equal to the sum of the length of graphemes anyway!
Some Unicode points aren't even characters in the traditional sense, but rather some kind of control marker. Like a byte order marker or a right-to-left indicator. Do this count?
In short, the length of a string is actually a ridiculously complex question and calculating it can take a lot of CPU time as well as data tables.
Moreover, what's the point? Why does these metrics matter? Well, only you can answer that for your case, but personally, I find they are generally irrelevant. Limiting data entry I find is more logically done by byte limits, as that's what needs to be transferred or stored anyway. Limiting display size is better done by the display side software - if you have 100 pixels for the message, how many characters you fit depends on the font, etc., which isn't known by the data layer software anyway. Finally, given the complexity of the unicode standard, you're probably going to have bugs at the edge cases anyway if you try anything else.
So it is a hard question with not a lot of general purpose use. Number of code units is trivial to calculate - it is just the length of the underlying data array - and the most meaningful/useful as a general rule, with a simple definition.
To be fair to Maxima, “walk it off” is her go-to for everything from brain freeze to devastating spinal trauma.
Dabbler absolutely is sandbagging. Getting punched in gazorpazovum isn't pleasant, but succubi are built to take a lot more abuse that than on the reg. I mean, they were literally made to get turned on by whatever kind of whooping a partner cares to inflict on them. Yes, that carries some dark implications, but succubi have evolved far beyond their origins. Origins that Dabbler will probably get into in the next story arc at some point.
It would be confusing if Harem took a hot shower and a cold shower at the same time. Well, maybe not confusing for her necessarily, but it would certainly be an odd sensation for the rest of us mono beings. I guess it would kind of feel like being covered in Icy Hot or some other sports rub, which I imagine would be rather unpleasant and overwhelming very quickly.
I know I said I was toying with skipping the comic today, but I managed to get relatively caught up by splitting a page, which I don't like doing, because it gives you guys less to chat about. Or the content is spread across more pages. Lower content density. I like my content dense. I mean, I don't like cramming a bunch of panels on to a page because I like my art big, but still, I like giving you guys a whole arc of a scene or a joke on a single page when I can.
Anyway, I also didn't want to skip the day because I like being able to say I've never missed a post. Granted, I can't say I've never forgotten what day of the week it is and wound up posting a comic late, but I've never actually missed a post.
Also, one of my Patreon milestones was posting twice a week and I'm still blown away by all the continued support you guys have given me and I really super appreciate it. So enjoy the page, and enjoy the holiday if it's something you celebrate and enjoy your day if it's something you don't. Where my Jews at? Zoroastrians? I'm looking at you!
Double res version will be posted over at Patreon. $1 and up, but feel free to contribute as much as you like!
The Hamilton Bulldogs Team Awards were announced on Saturday, following the completion of the team's last regular season game of the 2013-14 year. The following is the team's official press release
BULLDOGS ANNOUNCE 2013-2014 TEAM AWARDS
Dustin Tokarski earns most valuable player as voted by teammates
HAMILTON, ONTARIO – The Hamilton Bulldogs Hockey Club announced this evening its 2013-2014 team awards, recognizing the personal achievements of the ‘Dogs top players this season.
For goaltender Dustin Tokarski's performance this season, the Humboldt, Saskatchewan native was awarded The Hamilton Spectator Most Valuable Player Award – voted by his teammates – as well as the Molson Cup Award for the most three stars selections over the course of the season. The 24-year-old appeared in 41 games with Hamilton this season, posting a record of 20-16-3 with a 2.38 goals-against average, .919 save percentage and one shutout.
Forward Gabriel Dumont was the recipient of The Bill Sturrup Trophy Fan Favourite Award, voted by “The Growl” Booster Club. In 74 games with Hamilton this season, Ville Degelis, Quebec native recorded 36 points (19 goals, 17 assists) and 111 penalty minutes.
Defenceman Greg Pateryn took home the Tim Hortons Top Defenceman Award, voted by local media. The Sterling Heights, Michigan native finished the season with the second-most goals by a defenceman in the American Hockey League and led all Bulldogs defencemen in scoring. In 68 games with Hamilton this season, the 23-year-old recorded 34 points (15 goals, 19 assists) and 67 penalty minutes.
Forward Mike Blunden earned the Dan Lawrie Insurance Premium Player of the Year Award, based on the most times selected by local media as the hardest working player of the game. In 68 games with Hamilton this season, the Toronto, Ontario native recorded 37 points (18 goals, 19 assists) and 79 penalty minutes.
Defenceman Morgan Ellis received the FirstOntario Credit Union Community Leadership Award, voted by Bulldogs staff, for his dedication to community involvement. In 59 games with Hamilton this season, the Ellerslie, Prince Edward Island native recorded 10 points (three goals, seven assists) and 36 penalty minutes.
Forward Sven Andrighetto was acknowledged with the PMA Top Rookie Award, voted by local media. The Zurich, Switzerland native finished the season tied for 15th in AHL rookie scoring and second in Bulldogs scoring. In 64 games with Hamilton this season, the 21-year-old recorded 44 points (17 goals, 27 assists) and 40 penalty minutes.
Forward Martin St. Pierre earned the Leading Scorer Award by leading the ‘Dogs in points. In 71 games with Hamilton this season, the Ottawa, Ontario native recorded 48 points (10 goals, 38 assists) and 48 penalty minutes.
Hamilton Bulldogs 2014-2015 season tickets, flex tickets and group tickets are on sale now. Starting as low as $10 per game, we have great packages available for you to enjoy more Hockey Unleashed! For more information, call 1-866-DOGS-TIX or visit hamiltonbulldogs.com. Single-game tickets are available at the FirstOntario Centre Box Office, online at www.ticketmaster.ca, or by calling 1-866-DOGS-TIX or 905-529-8500.
Listen to all Bulldogs regular season and post-season games live on Hamilton's AM 900 CHML, on www.900chml.com or watch live on www.ahllive.com.
THE 2013-2014 HAMILTON BULLDOGS SEASON IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY MOLSON CANADIAN
Visit the official website of the Hamilton Bulldogs at www.hamiltonbulldogs.com
Become a fan of the ‘Dogs on Facebook at www.facebook.com/hamiltonbulldogs
Follow the team on Twitter at www.twitter.com/bulldogsahl and www.twitter.com/dogsplaybyplay
Thank you for reading. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our Hockey writing team. Visit our ”Write for Us“ page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
Two major UK ISPs have been ordered by the High Court to hand over the identities of several thousand alleged file-sharers. BT has confirmed it is involved while Virgin Media was less direct in admitting that lawyers Davenport Lyons, working with Topwear Inc., are about to start threatening thousands more people.
US game developer Topware Interactive, the people behind the now infamous ‘Dream Pinball‘ affair, are about to turn up the heat. Operating through London lawyers Davenport Lyons, they have managed to convince the High Court to send out an order demanding that ISPs in the UK start to hand over the details of “several thousand” alleged pirates.
According to Samknows, BT, one of the UK's largest ISPs and like many, currently caught up in the middle of a Davenport Lyons versus P2P battle, confirmed it had been ordered to hand over details of alleged copyright infringing file-sharers. It could not confirm whether they had already handed over the details or not. However, BT was surprised at the “strong arm” tactics being employed by the games industry, in contrast to the fairly civilized warnings currently touted by the BPI, which were toned-down under duress.
“It does seem a much more strong arm approach compared to the music industry,” said the BT spokesman. “However, it is only one company pursuing a limited number of miscreants at the moment. I doubt the music industry will follow suit as the potential numbers are too great, but who knows.”
Virgin Media was a little more slippery in its response but reading between the lines it seems obvious they are involved too. While noting that they take the privacy of their customers very seriously, if faced with a court order to hand over names and addresses, they simply have to comply. Virgin Media also indicated that it prefers the ‘educational' approach, i.e the compromise reached between ISPs and the BPI recently. Virgin media spokesman told Samknows:
“We certainly prefer the education route we pioneered with the BPI because you can't assume people are guilty of anything, so we don't, we let them know of what might have happened and give information on how to ensure they enjoy legal downloads. This would definitely seem to be a very different approach from a different industry.”
I'm sure it's just a slip by the Virgin spokesman but the entire ‘games industry' isn't taking this aggressive approach against alleged file-sharers. It is actually just Topware Interactive, and in the other active cases, Atari, Codemasters, Techland and Reality Pump, just a handful of developers.
As a gamer of more than 25 years I agree with the boss of EA Sports, Peter Moore, that it's not particularly clever to start taking legal action against your customers. In a superb article, Rob Fahey over at GamesIndustry.biz says that he believes the losses claimed by the industry are a ‘complete crock‘ and he's not on his own.
In any event, if you take a look at the games being ‘protected' in these actions, with the possible exception of Codemasters titles, they're mostly second rate and didn't sell many anyway. The developers would have everyone believe this is due to file-sharing but people know otherwise. The suspicion in the file-sharing community is that this isn't about protection of copyright at all, but a way to make poor games pay. Any revenue stream in a storm, eh?
The South African Games, in some years called the South African Open Games, was a multi-sport event held in South Africa during the apartheid era, in response to the country's exclusion from the Olympic Games. Some foreign athletes participated, sometimes without the endorsement of the national governing body of their sport.
1964 [ edit ]
The 1964 South African Games, the first such event, was staged at Wanderers Stadium, Johannesburg.[1] Foreign competitors were invited.[2]In January, IOC had revoked South Africa's invitation to the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.[3] The White Games were held from 29 February to 9 March, and the Black games from 24 April to 10 May.[2]
1969 [ edit ]
The 1969 South African Open Games were held in Bloemfontein, beginning on 15 March.[4] That month U Thant, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, called on all members to break all sporting links with South Africa.[5] Invitations were extended to white athletes from mostly-white countries.[5] The games were organised by the South African National Olympic Committee (SANOC), which used the Olympic rings in its publicity material, without the approval of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).[4] This violation of the Olympic Charter was added to multiple counts of sporting segregation, for which the IOC expelled the SANOC in 1970.[6]
The South African government claimed there were more than 6 000 competitors, including 126 from abroad, in 36 sports codes.[1] Three national teams withdrew having arrived, after pressure from their home governments.[4] A team from West Germany withdrew after the Supreme Council for Sport in Africa said its members would otherwise boycott the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.[5] A full New Zealand team participated, though the New Zealand governing bodies stated the athletes were present as individuals rather than as representing them.[5] One British athlete competed.[5] The U.S. Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) denied permission to compete to four invitees, as did the U.S. State Department to two employees in South Africa.[5]
Competitors complained about low-quality accommodation, and local businesses lost money due to the turnout of fewer spectators than expected.[4]
A separate Black Games was held in Soweto in 1970, but a broad boycott made it even less successful.[7][8]
1973 [ edit ]
The 1973 South African Open International Games were held in Pretoria from 23 March to 7 April.[9] They were sponsored by Shell Oil,[10] and billed as being multi-racial.[11] The South African government in 1970 expected "more than 500 overseas competitors from about 30 countries",[12] and after the Games claimed there were 31 sports, with 1652 local competitors "of all population groups" and 673 foreign competitors and officials from 35 countries.[1]
West Germany, Japan, Britain, Belgium and the Netherlands were among those invited.[9] African countries threatened to boycott the 1974 Commonwealth Games in New Zealand if white Commonwealth athletes took part.[13] Fourteen Canadians competed unofficially against government advice.[13] The New Zealand women's national field hockey team competed.[14]
From the United States, the State Department instructed the US embassy in Pretoria to make clear that any US participants were unofficial and that their expenses were being paid by the South African organisers.[15] The American Lawn Bowls Association nominated a pair in autumn 1972, with all their expenses paid by the South African Bowling Association.[16] AAU athletes competed in aquatics (swimming and diving)[11] but the AAU prevented track and field athletes competing. Six members of the 1972 U.S. Olympic shooting team were invited,[17] while five Oregon State University wrestlers were suspended by the AAU after competing.[18][19] A University of West Florida basketball team comprising "7 whites, 3 blacks" was due to compete.[15]
FIFA had suspended the Football Association of South Africa (FASA) in 1964, but the FIFA executive gave special permission for foreign amateur teams to enter the soccer tournament in Johannesburg, when the organisers promised that black spectators would be allowed.[20] This permission was withdrawn when it emerged that mixed-race teams would not be permitted.[20] FIFA President Stanley Rous was sympathetic to FASA but needed the votes of Confederation of African Football delegates to retain his position.[10] The organisers instead staged a four-team soccer tournament for the four recognised South African races; the Whites scored a 4–0 upset over the Blacks in the final, while the Coloureds beat the Indians in the third-place playoff by the same score.[21]
A rowing course was constructed for the Games at Roodeplaat.[22] The sailing events were in Durban.[1]
A report in The Age later in 1973 described "the very successful staging of the South African Games, in which blacks competed with much success."[23]
1981 [ edit ]
The 1981 South African Festival Games were held to mark the 20th anniversary of the 1961 Republic.[1] 5500 competitors participated, none from abroad.[1] There were 38 sports at venues in Pretoria, Johannesburg, Cape Town and Durban.[1]
1986 [ edit ]
The 1986 South African Games were in Johannesburg, to mark the city's centennial.[24] They began on 4 April and lasted two weeks.[24] Associated Press reported 200 foreign competitors from 14 countries,[24] while the Los Angeles Times reported a total of "an estimated 6,000 athletes from 17 countries".[25] Sports included athletics, swimming, water skiing and lawn bowls.[25] The South African Soccer Federation, and its multi-racial boxing federation, boycotted the event.[24] A team from the US Gymnastics Federation (USGF) was present, which included African American Corrine Wright.[25] The President of the USGF said its executive director had committed to send a team without informing the board.[25]
Audience Participation Advised
Everyone likes street art. Where there's a mural, chances are, there's someone taking a picture. Given the decline of music as a counter-cultural idiom (at least a mass one) it seems like eyes are focused on visuals. At least those with something to say. Considering the depressing political climate of the past decade, at least there's a heart still beating, somewhere in the arts. Shepard Fairey may be overplayed, but we should be grateful he has an agenda.
Political flyers, particularly those commissioned by political parties, are excluded from the genre. Whether it's because they're ‘official', that is, not the product of a rogue urban artist, or tied to youth culture, there's no answer. Perhaps it's because the idea of street art, at least the one prevalent in the press, is Anglo-American. Few countries have less political flyers posted in public space than the United States and Great Britain.
Travel, however, to any country in the Middle East, or the European Union and the exact opposite is true. Flyers, from both established and underground political organizations, right and left, take up as much space as street art, which tends to proliferate, as much as it does in English speaking countries. The effect, in cities like Berlin, can be especially overwhelming. Murals, tags, posters, stickers. They're everywhere. And they all have something to say. Everywhere, it seems, is an art gallery.
The three posters featured here were commissioned by the vintage-sounding Marxistisch-Leninistische Partei Deutschlands, known by the acronym MLPD. One of many leftwing parties currently running up flyers in Berlin, the Communist organization is currently seeking parliamentary representation in the forthcoming September federal elections. Neukölln, where these photos were taken, is an especially obvious district for the MLPD to be campaigning in, as it is largely working class, and home to a high number of immigrants.
Like all good street art, there ‘s something arresting about these posters. Not necessarily their aesthetics, which are rather straightforward, and dull. It's their physical context that makes them meaningful. Imagining that the works would be more interesting when pedestrians passed by, I figured I'd loiter for a bit, and wait for the right person(s) to complete them. Within the space of ten minutes, I considered myself lucky. Audience participation (albeit involuntary) made it all work. I'd hesitate appreciating the political messaging otherwise. Even ironically.
There's a lot of what ones might call street art – far more formal than this – that would look better photographed being observed. Or at least, in the presence of people. The one thing I worry about, looking through the thousands of Banksy photos available find online, via Flickr, and elsewhere, is precisely that. They're photographed by themselves. Decontextualized, without any sense of their possible audience, we tend to lose sight, of who it is such work is meant to address, and what else it might say. Given that so much of this kind of art is supposed to be political, that's important.
I think that the same holds true, in reverse, for political adverts, like this. Isolated, outside of public spaces like these, they're difficult to take it seriously, despite the positive political messages put forth. That's perhaps one of the lessons of popular muralists like Banksy come in. His work may indeed appear more meaningful, in person. But it can also convey its politics, beyond, let's say, a wall in Hackney, precisely because of its artistic merits. That doesn't disqualify work like these radical posters. It just affirms the fact that some street art is incomplete without its desired audience handy.
Photographs and commentary courtesy of Joel Schalit
It's been 42 years since Greenpeace took its roots in Vancouver, and now one of its iconic ships — “Rainbow Warrior” — is making a stop in B.C. for the first time.
This is the third ship to bear the name.
The first one was destroyed in a bombing in New Zealand in 1985.
The second ship was retired two years ago.
The most recent version of Rainbow Warrior is a green ship that comes equipped with five sails and the ability to make its own water. In its promotional video, Greenpeace calls its ‘the most efficient campaign ship ever.'
“We still have to use diesel to run our generators,” says ship captain Derek Nicholls. “But for instance, we just sailed from South Korea to Vancouver. It took us one month to do so, but we sailed almost all of the way without using the main engine, which uses a lot of fuel.”
While in Vancouver, Rainbow Warrier will be open to the public this Friday and Saturday at the Lonsdale Quay.
It will leave for Victoria on October 18.
The ship's visit to Vancouver comes at the same time as Greenpeace is once again making headlines.
Thirty of its activists, including two Canadians, were arrested by Russian authorities after staging a protest against offshore Arctic drilling aboard another Greenpeace ship — Arctic Sunrise — in September.
The international crew is now facing charges of piracy.
In ten years of provincial politics, ten in federal politics, and as a minister in ten different departments, I've had a fair number of decisions to make.
There is no doubt that standing down from cabinet, and choosing not to stand in the 2015 federal election, was one of the most difficult decisions of my career. However, I know it was the right one for me personally.
Stepping aside from this calling was difficult because the work of public service is never complete; there is always a fresh challenge to tackle.
Story continues below advertisement
In Canada, our economy can always be stronger, communities always safer and public infrastructure always further improved.
There is no right time to leave public life behind. There is always a campaign around the corner, a ministerial meeting to attend, or a local priority to address. That is why this decision was not taken lightly, nor without much reflection and thought.
After twenty years of public life, I felt I needed to look towards the future.
Being Canada's Foreign Minister was one of the most exhilarating and rewarding experiences of my life. I have always been grateful to have the trust of the Prime Minister, blessed to have the confidence of my constituents, and honoured to serve Canadians.
This opportunity allowed me to see the strength that Canada offers to the world. I've seen it in the eyes of Haitian kids as they landed in Ottawa to start a new life after the horrible events of 2010. I've seen it in Syrian children, fleeing violence and persecution on the Jordanian border, who were greeted by aid workers with blankets, food, shelter, and a safe haven. I've seen it in the besieged protesters on the Maidan in Ukraine, who needed to know the outside world would stand with them.
In all of these events, and many more, Canada and Canadians extended a hand of strength and resolve to those who needed it. I've been proud and humbled to see first-hand accounts of our generosity around the world and the reflection of our values in emerging nations.
Canadians can be proud of what we stand for. They can be proud that our government has always put their interests first.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
I am extremely proud of what we have accomplished. We have shown Canada's strength, Canada's compassion, and Canada's values in every corner of the world.
We have given Canadians the tools they need to succeed in the international marketplace, with historic free-trade deals.
We have provided lifesaving support to people in areas where death and destruction are far too common.
Canada has stood up for the oppressed, and brought much hope and dignity to the people that seek the same freedoms we enjoy.
We have championed freedom in those areas of the world where their leaders use violence and repression as tools of the weak and cowardly.
This work will never be complete. Those who take the torch from here forward will face a challenging world, but they should do so with the context of what made our country great.
Story continues below advertisement
Leaders before us have shaped the cause of human history. Leaders to follow will cement the future of the next generation. To play any role in our country's storied history is nothing short of a privilege.
I look forward to the next chapter of my life, and I will always be grateful for the friends I have made over the last twenty years.
As a fresh-faced young adult at the ripe age of 25, I walked through the doors at Queen's Park, feeling a great sense of accomplishment. With a majority government in hand, I always looked forward to what the next challenge would be.
As I walk out of the doors of Centre Block, the heart of our democracy, I look forward to the challenges ahead. And to all Canadians who have supported me over the last twenty years, there's only one thing left to say. Thank you.
A British Union flag is seen flying outside the European Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's parliament must have a vote on an eventual agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union on leaving the bloc, said a senior lawmaker who is chairman of parliament's Brexit committee.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she will invoke Article 50 by the end of March next year, starting a two-year divorce procedure. She has said parliament will debate the government's plans but has ruled out a vote on triggering the divorce.
Hilary Benn, an opposition Labour Party lawmaker who will chair a newly formed committee set up to scrutinize government policy on leaving the EU, said on Thursday that it was “inconceivable” that lawmakers would not have a vote on the UK's final EU exit deal.
“I'm very clear that Parliament will want to have a say both in scrutinizing what the negotiating plan is when it is published, but also Parliament will want to take a decision on the final deal,” Benn told BBC radio.
“It is inconceivable that Parliament shouldn't use its sovereignty... to determine what it thinks of the deal, this complex negotiation, when it is finally completed.”
Campaigners have taken legal action to argue May and her ministers do not have the authority to invoke Article 50 of the EU Lisbon Treaty, the mechanism by which a nation can leave the bloc, without the explicit backing of parliament.
Britain's parliament will “very likely” have to ratify an eventual agreement with the European Union on leaving the bloc, a British government lawyer said on Tuesday.
We've finished our marathon of submitting Microsoft Store apps to Product Hunt. I'll be honest: I thought every submission would flop. It really felt like the wrong neighborhood for anything but Mac stuff.
But out of the ten apps we submitted:
6 of the Store apps were featured on the front page (!)
3 of them earned more than 100 upvotes
6 Store developers got their Product Hunt ‘maker' designations
What we learned
Since the majority of our submissions reached the front page, it's fair to say that Product Hunt's users have an appetite for Microsoft Store apps. They may never be as popular as macOS apps, but there are clearly Windows users on Product Hunt who are hunting for new apps to try.
It's clear, too, that even Mac users want to see submissions for cool new Windows apps, if only to leave a comment wondering where the Mac version is.
Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel vented his feelings about the tyre failure at 200mph that cost him a podium position at Spa
Formula 1 drivers have demanded the end of tyre blowouts after two dramatic failures at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Grand Prix Drivers' Association chairman Alexander Wurz said: "We need to stop the sudden explosions."
The intervention comes after Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes' Nico Rosberg suffered tyre failures at close to 200mph at Spa over the weekend.
Pirelli says it is conducting a forensic investigation to understand the failures.
A spokesman said it hoped to have a comprehensive explanation of the causes of Vettel's incident by Thursday.
Media playback is not supported on this device Is Vettel right to be angry about exploded tyre?
Former F1 driver Wurz, who leads the GPDA with fellow directors Vettel and Jenson Button, told BBC Sport: "As drivers, we strongly believe the end of a tyre's performance window can and should not be a tyre delamination in the form of an explosion.
"I believe there are technologies which prevent such sudden delamination, but for the short term we need to give Pirelli the freedom and support to introduce any measures they declare safe and fit for F1 racing."
Wurz - who races for Toyota in the World Endurance Championship, where all the leading teams use Michelin tyres - added that the GPDA was in contact with governing body the FIA and Pirelli on the issue.
He said: "We request their utmost attention to the tyre blowouts at Spa. We need to work together to get on top of such safety concerns."
The drivers are angry about the situation because it appears reminiscent to them of the 2013 British Grand Prix, when six tyre failures in one race plunged F1 into crisis.
Pirelli blamed the failure with Nico Rosberg's tyre on Friday on a cut, saying it could find no problem with the structure of any tyres
Pirelli had to make emergency changes to its tyres after that race.
Drivers fear tyre explosions for two reasons:
it causes an unexpected loss of control and can lead to a serious accident
it is extremely dangerous for any driver closely following a car that has a tyre failure because he can be hit by heavy, flying debris from the tyre.
Wurz added: "It needs to be said that we have seen tyre failures throughout the history of F1 and racing.
"This is not desired, but we are aware of the difficulties tyre manufacturers face because of ever-evolving lap times and forces.
"It is the management of and reaction to such failures, and the development of better, faster and safer tyres, which F1 shall and must embrace and even demand.
"This is for the safety of the drivers but also for feeding safer technologies into road tyres."
Media playback is not supported on this device Belgian GP practice: Nico Rosberg suffers dramatic tyre failure
A Pirelli spokesman said that, at this stage, the company still felt wear was the major contributory factor to Vettel's failure.
He said that most teams and drivers had chosen to do a two-stop strategy, while Ferrari were trying to make it though the race on one stop, and that the longest any other driver ran the medium tyre that failed on Vettel's car was 22 laps by Force India's Sergio Perez.
Vettel's tyre exploded on its 29th lap - well within the maximum of 40 laps Pirelli had recommended to Ferrari. The Italian team were also not warned by their Pirelli engineer during that race that they were taking any significant risks.
Pirelli put out a statement on Sunday night after the race that said its 2013 suggestion to impose maximum usage limits on tyres had not been adopted by F1.
A French tobacconist won a landmark court case on Monday to stop a nearby shop selling e-cigarettes after a court ruled it was unfair competition as the devices amounted to tobacco products.
The ruling has infuriated e-cigarette vendors after months of heated debate in France and Europe over the legal definition of the devices and how freely they should be sold.
It could see a rash of court cases from among France's 27,000 tobacconists, many of whom already sell e-cigarettes but want the exclusive right to do so.
In the landmark case, Annie Pontus, the plaintiff who runs a tobacconist in the town of Plaisance-du-Touch near Toulouse, south-west France, had sued a nearby shop, called Esmokeclean, which opened in June.
She accused its owners of breaching the legal monopoly on the sale of tobacco products in accredited outlets by promoting their wares in their shop, on Facebook and on their internet site.
"We don't have the right to advertise but these people, who sell nicotine-based products, do," she said, arguing that this was unfair.
Her lawyer said that e-cigarettes and their liquids contain nicotine, and thus should be placed in the same legal bracket as tobacco products.
She also called on the government to limit the sale of the devices exclusively to tobacconists, as in the case of cigarettes.
Esmokeclean argued that e-cigarettes are currently in a "legal vacuum" and therefore should not fall under the tobacconist's monopoly.
But on Monday, the Toulouse court ruled that despite containing no tobacco, e-cigarettes were substitute tobacco products. As a result, they should be subject to France's state imposed monopoly on tobacco, which stipulates cigarettes and other products can only be sold in registered outlets.
The store's lawyer announced an immediate appeal meaning for the moment the court's judgment is not applicable. But it could eventually see the distribution of e-cigarettes limited to a state-imposed monopoly on tobacco sales.
Pascal Montredon, the president of the French confederation of tobacconists, welcomed the ruling as "excellent news".
But Benjamin Echalier, lawyer for Reynald Pirat, one of the store owners, denounced it as "absurd and abhorrent" and one that "goes against what is tending to be decided on a European level".
CACE, a body representing e-cigarette vendors in France, slammed the verdict as "scandalous".
"The e-cigarette is an everyday consumer product and not a tobacoo product.
"The (court) has thus overstepped its powers by applying the status of tobacco product to the electronic cigarette," it said, adding that it was confident that the ruling would be quashed on appeal.
This is the latest chapter in an increasingly acrimonious battle between those selling conventional tobacco cigarettes and battery-powered electronic cigarettes, which release vapour.
It comes after the European Parliament recently ruled that e-cigarettes were not in fact medicinal and could therefore remain on open sale, not just in tobacconists.
There are an estimated 1.5 million users of e-cigarettes in France and almost one in five French adults has tried the device, according to a recent poll.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
At a congressional hearing on climate science Wednesday, Michael Mann lamented that he was the only witness representing the overwhelming scientific consensus that manmade global warming poses a major threat.
“We find ourselves at this hearing today, with three individuals who represent that tiny minority that reject this consensus or downplay its significance, and only one—myself—who is in the mainstream,” he said in his opening testimony.
“I think the intention is to cause scientists to retreat.”
Sitting on either side of Mann were the other three witnesses: Judith Curry, John Christy, and Roger Pielke, Jr.—scientists who have clashed with Mann in the past and are frequently sought after by Republican politicians who reject mainstream climate science. Curry recently defended EPA chief Scott Pruitt's statement that scientists don't know whether human activity is “a primary contributor” to global warming. Christy claims that climate models overstate the role of human activity. Pielke accepts the role greenhouse gasses play in warming but has drawn criticism for arguing that links between extreme weather and climate change have been overstated.
Sitting on the dais across from Mann was House science committee chairman Lamar Smith (R-Texas), a climate change denier who has made headlines in recent years by using his committee to investigate scientists and accuse them of rigging climate data. Last week, at the Heartland Institute's annual DC conference for climate change deniers, Smith boasted of his record of issuing dozens of subpoenas to government researchers, environmental groups, and Democratic attorneys general investigating ExxonMobil. He also previewed Wednesday's hearing, predicting that it was “going to be so much fun.” He slow-rolled the names of the witnesses as conference attendees cheered—but he warned them they might want to hold their applause until he finished reading name of the final witness, which was Mann.
Smith summarized his own views of global warming in his opening statement Wednesday: “Alarmist predictions amount to nothing more than wild guesses. The ability to project far in to the future is impossible…All too often, scientists ignore the basic tenets of science in order to justify their claims. Their ultimate goal appears to be to promote a personal agenda even if the evidence doesn't support it.”
Smith's remarks may have been a thinly veiled attack on Mann and his colleagues, but Mann had similar criticisms of Smith. The Penn State* climate scientist spent the hearing knocking down Smith's views. In particular, Mann pointed to an earlier hearing in which Smith had baselessly accused scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of “falsifying data to justify a partisan agenda” when they published a study showing that global warming had not stalled in recent years, as some have argued.
Mann took aim at Smith's tactics. “If you get attacked every time you publish an article” about global warming, “if that causes you to become subject to congressional inquiries and Freedom of Information Act requests, obviously that's very stifling, and I think the intention is to cause scientists to retreat,” he said. Mann charged that the public attacks on Tom Karl—the NOAA scientist in charge of the study disputing the global warming “pause”—appeared to be intended “to send a chilling signal to the entire research community. That is: If you, too, publish and speak out on the threat of human-caused climate change, we're going to come after you.”
Mann blasted Republicans for “going after scientists simply because you don't like their publications of their research—not because the science is bad, but because you find the research inconvenient to the special interests who fund your campaigns.” He added, “I would hope we could all agree that is completely inappropriate.”
Correction: An earlier version of this article misstated Mann's university affiliation.
The return of the “enemies list”
17 June 2011
The attempt by the Bush White House to use the Central Intelligence Agency to uncover incriminating information on University of Michigan professor Juan Cole is one more indication of Washington's increasing turn to police state methods.
Glenn Carle, a former senior counter-terrorism officer in the CIA, has charged that the Bush administration asked the spy agency in 2005 to gather information on Cole with the aim of discrediting him. Carle said his supervisor at the National Intelligence Council, David Low, told him that White House officials “wanted ‘to get' Professor Cole, and made clear that he wanted Mr. Carle to collect information about him, an effort Mr. Carle rebuffed,” the New York Times reported Thursday.
Cole's offense in the eyes of the White House was to use his knowledge of Arabic and his abilities as a Middle East historian to produce an Internet blog that called into question the pretenses used to justify the US war of aggression against Iraq.
Carle further charged that his supervisor, Low, pressed him even after the CIA officer protested that such an investigation would violate US statutes barring CIA spying on American citizens. “But what might we know about him,” he quoted Low as saying. “Does he drink? What are his views? Is he married?” According to Carle, Low prepared a memorandum with “inappropriate derogatory remarks” about Cole.
Carle further recounts being informed of a request from an assistant to the CIA's deputy director for intelligence for information to be collected on Cole. When he challenged the assistant, he was told, “Have you read his stuff? He's really hostile to the administration.”
The episode strongly recalls the infamous “enemies list” employed by the Nixon administration that became known to the public in the course of the investigation of the 1972 break-in at the Watergate Democratic Party offices in Washington by five burglars with close CIA ties.
As the House of Representatives investigation recounted, White House counsel John Dean testified that in August 1971, “he prepared a memorandum entitled Dealing with our Political Enemies, which addressed the matter of how the Administration could use the available federal machinery against its political enemies. Among Dean's suggestions was that key members of the staff should determine who was giving the Administration a hard time, and that they develop a list of names … as targets for concentration.”
Three years later, the Judiciary Committee of the US House of Representatives voted to recommend articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon. Within a month, on August 8, 1974, recognizing that the US Senate would vote for impeachment, Nixon became the first serving US president to resign from office.
Among the most serious articles of impeachment leveled against Nixon were the following:
“He misused the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Secret Service, and other executive personnel, in violation or disregard of the constitutional rights of citizens, by directing or authorizing such agencies or personnel to conduct or continue electronic surveillance or other investigations for purposes unrelated to national security, the enforcement of laws, or any other lawful function of his office…”
“He … authorized and permitted to be maintained a secret investigative unit within the office of the President, financed in part with money derived from campaign contributions, which unlawfully utilized the resources of the Central Intelligence Agency, engaged in covert and unlawful activities …”
In a posting on his blog Thursday, Cole commented: “What alarms me most of all in the nakedly illegal deployment of the CIA against an academic for the explicit purpose of destroying his reputation for political purposes is that I know I am a relatively small fish and it seems to me rather likely that I was not the only target of the baleful team at the White House.”
This is undoubtedly the case. And, while the World Socialist Web Site has made clear its fundamental differences with Professor Cole over his endorsement of the US-NATO war against Libya, it unreservedly defends his democratic rights and demands a full and independent investigation of the use of the CIA to spy on him and other opponents of Washington's militarist policies.
It would be the gravest political error to believe that such practices have ended with the departure of Bush and the advent of Obama. The Obama administration has continued and expanded the power of the state to spy on, imprison without charges, torture and assassinate its opponents, including US citizens.
The Democratic president has been unwavering in his opposition to any serious investigation into the crimes carried out by the CIA under the Bush administration, much less prosecution. His Justice Department has intervened repeatedly to quash lawsuits over domestic spying, extraordinary rendition and torture, invoking the “state secrets” privilege.
The infamous Guantánamo prison camp remains open, and, on orders from the White House, drumhead military tribunals have resumed.
In an escalation of political repression and intimidation, the Obama administration has launched a globally orchestrated witch-hunt against WikiLeaks for exposing US war crimes and is preparing to try Private Bradley Manning, the alleged source of the incriminating state secrets released by the group, on charges that could cost him his life.
And, as the New York Times reported earlier this week, the FBI has prepared new rules allowing its agents far more leeway to spy on US citizens, going through their trash, using surveillance squads and sending agents into meetings of targeted groups.
Nearly four decades after the Watergate crisis, the White House and the US intelligence agencies have arrogated for themselves police state powers that go far beyond anything Richard Nixon could even have dreamed of.
These processes are not fundamentally a matter of the particular policies of a Bush or an Obama, but are rooted in the uninterrupted growth of social inequality at home and militarism abroad.
The prosecution of illegal and deeply unpopular wars of aggression in Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Libya, Yemen and elsewhere is impossible without the attempt to criminalize and repress opposition at home.
At the same time, the ruling elite is acutely aware that its attempt to exploit the world capitalist crisis to further enrich itself while imposing the full burden upon the working class in the form of mass unemployment, wage cutting and austerity must inevitably provoke mass social upheavals. It is preparing methods of political repression accordingly.
There exists no constituency within the existing political establishment or the corporate media for the defense of basic democratic rights, as the largely indifferent response to the revelations about the CIA spying on professor Cole has once again made clear.
The fight to defend these rights is today bound up inseparably with the independent political mobilization of the working class on a socialist program to break the grip of the financial oligarchy.
Bill Van Auken
Bill Van Auken
Los Angeles Museum of Art. Installation view at the Hammer Museum, Los Angeles. | Photo: Brian Forrest.
In 2012, artist Alice Könitz started the Los Angeles Museum of Art, after some friends from her native Germany asked about showing their work in L.A. "I'll build you a museum," Könitz told them. The project seemed as relaxed in ambition as it was in inception. It would have been "perfectly fine," Könitz says, "if LAMOA was a one-show event, or if the museum only ever showed one object." Like much of her work, the initial 9 foot-by-13 foot open-air pavilion on a patch of cement outside her Eagle Rock studio was at once the thing itself, a functioning exhibition space, and a confrontation with possibility: what it means to unburden the life in front of us from the weight of what else it could be. "I take a long time to figure out whether it actually works or not, and then I'm mainly excited about seeing it," Könitz says. "I'm just enthusiastic enough about figuring something out."
Many of Könitz's sculptural works have a "maquette-like quality," she says. With interlocking geometric forms, they also recall mid-century design and modernist architecture, but instead of steel, concrete or stone -- our usual braces against the wear of elements and time -- Könitz is more likely to work in relatively flimsy materials such as "thin wood I can cut with a mat knife," bamboo skewers and banana peels. The piece "Mall Sculpture," for a solo show at Susanne Vielmetter a few years ago, is made of felt and Chromalux gold foil paper, part of a series she described as "four works that could be read as proposals for public works."
"Of course, it implies metal and has a relation to more sturdy materials" Könitz says. "But the pieces weren't ever supposed to be made out of metal. They were supposed to be out of this beautiful gold paper that is actually more shiny than metal."
She recalls being in an elevator recently, a sleek fancy affair, and noticing that the chrome surface treatment had started to warp and break loose. "It's not unusual to use pretend materials. I'm just more up front about the pretend," Könitz says of her work. That her pieces are placeholders is both the point and besides it. For Könitz, prototypes are things themselves; they are premises not in search of a proof. Other works are even more explicit stand-ins for impermanence, not disposable but not forever. "Usually if you don't own the work, you always have a temporary experience anyways," she says. She has held day-long residencies at LAMOA and made sculptural props for video pieces that negotiate a hierarchy of objects, seeking to "validate forms by use, not by their materials," including rafts to ferry people on the Los Angeles River. "I get pleasure out of making it in the first place, figuring out how it will work. It doesn't have to go anywhere beyond that," she says. "I mean, except for the pyramids and maybe a few other things, they won't last forever either."
Los Angeles Museum of Art. LAMOA/SAMOA, 2013. Installation by Stephanie Taylor. | Photo: Robert Wedemeyer.
Alice Könitz, "Mall Sculpture," 2006. | Photo: Courtesy the artist.
Alice Könitz, "Banana Peel Rug," 2007. | Photo: Courtesy the artist.
In 2008, Könitz was selected for the Whitney Biennial, another simultaneous emergence and valediction, the way every opportunity can seem burdened by its own potential squandering. For the Whitney, Könitz offered a raffle: A trip for one to Los Angeles, to visit to a particular hidden stretch of the Glendale Freeway. "When I first moved here," to attend CalArts, "I came across this empty concrete platform that you really weren't supposed to see if you were, like, a good driver. You look in front of you, you look ahead at where you're driving," she says. "I do stretch my head, that's how I saw this thing." The thing was a ramp to nowhere, a piece of a never-finished Beverly Hills freeway. Könitz had earlier built a model proposing an elevator to this "forgotten space," that would lift viewers from the traffic to the abandoned site above it. With the raffle, Könitz seemed to be embracing another fiction: that there was victory in actually standing at the abrupt end, something distinct from imagining it.
Alice Könitz, "1st Display System (maquette)," 2013. | Photo: Robert Wedemeyer, courtesy of the artist.
At LAMOA, exhibitions over the last two years included a piece of breakaway glass that no one broke until the exhibition was over, just installed there, unshattered. The museum has since expanded: For Made in L.A. 2014 at the Hammer Museum, curator Michael Ned Holte, a longtime champion of Könitz's work, invited the artist to create three display systems showing work from LAMOA's collection. (She made maquettes of each display.) One is dedicated to gifts and work by people with whom Könitz had an intimate relationship, including a coin given to her by Carl Andre after she worked as his driver for a week, a kinetic sculpture by her father and a painting by her boyfriend, the artist Peter Kim.
Alice Könitz, "3rd Display System (maquette)," 2013. | Photo: Robert Wedemeyer, courtesy of the artist.
A second section recreates the footprint of the original LAMOA space, displaying pieces by artists whose "work has been present in my mind for a long time." And the third display, a vitrine of metal pipes and plexiglass, holds pieces that are both self-evident sculptures and references without a cause, including a sliced plasticine "Constructivist Bozzetto" -- from Italian for "sketch" -- by Margaret Honda, and a painted wooden concept for a barbecue franchise hut by David Hughes. As Könitz wrote in the stapled and photocopied catalogue accompanying the nesting of the semi-private LAMOA into the semi-public Hammer Museum, Hughes' "BBQ Pavilion" is about, "the complications of moving a smaller structure into a bigger structure, the gaps that necessarily arise, and the way that those structures can support each other."
This month, the LAMOA annex was saved from disassembly when Könitz was awarded the juried 2014 Made in L.A. Mohn Award, along with a $100,000 prize. "Storing it would have cost more than building it," she explains. Könitz lost her studio recently, and the award means not only that the LAMOA collection is, as she puts it, "in the Hammer collection now, I guess." Yet, now she can "move without the museum," she says. If the privilege of living is to be perpetually in-progress, Könitz's work is both our plans and the distance from them, the way we will never really be finished until we're done.
The Los Angeles Museum of Art is on view at Made in L.A. 2014 at the Hammer Museum, 10899 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles, through Sept. 7.
Alice Könitz, "Comfort Inn," 2004.
Dig this story? Sign up for our newsletter to get unique arts & culture stories and videos from across Southern California in your inbox. Also, follow Artbound on Facebook, Twitter, and Youtube.
Mark L. Baer/USA TODAY Sports
Jared Sullinger was maybe Boston's best all-around player this season.With the Boston Celtics' 2013-14 campaign in the rearview mirror, we've busted out our red pens and assigned grades to each player based on their individual performances this season. Our annual reminder that players is graded based on expectations versus personal performance. This is the 10th in a series of end-of-the-season report cards:
Player: Jared Sullinger
2013-14 base stats: 13.3 ppg, 8.1 rpg, 1.6 apg, 42.7 FG%, 26.9 3PT%
2013-14 advanced stats: 0.887 Off ppp (43rd percentile); 0.807 Def ppp (79th)
2013-14 salary: $1.4 million
Season in a paragraph: His rookie campaign and first NBA offseason were cut short by back surgery and rehab, but the 22-year-old Sullinger bounced back strong in his sophomore season. Forced out of position without a pure center on the Celtics' roster, Sullinger held his own against the league's bigs, grading out as Boston's most efficient defender (based on Synergy's point-per-possession data). He was a relentless rebounder and finished among the league leaders in offensive rebounding. The team tinkered with his game, integrating a 3-point shot (to streaky results) while trying to add to his offensive toolbox.
GM's take: "Sully had a good year this year," said Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge. "I think that he wants to be in better shape and we've talked about that all year and I think that he can. ... I think that, as you mature and you learn how to work harder and with more intensity, you learn how to push yourself to max effort. I think players can get better and I think that Jared is still very young. I don't think he understands yet how good he can be. Now, he's heard it. He's heard it from a lot of people, from his father to his agent, from his coaches, just how good he can be. But until he believes how good he can be and really puts in the time -- and I really believe that Jared will this summer, that he's going to and he'll be in better shape next year."
Season highlight: Sullinger put up a team-best 22 double-doubles, 13 of which came between Jan. 1 and Feb. 10. He was named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week in early February, but his most noteworthy outing in that span came the middle of January when he registered 25 points and 20 rebounds in an 88-83 triumph over the Toronto Raptors. Sullinger was the first Boston player to reach the 20/20 mark since Kevin Garnett (22 points, 20 rebounds) on Nov. 2, 2007.
Season lowlight: Sullinger's season nearly got derailed before it started as he was arrested and faced charges of assault and battery, destruction of property, and witness intimidation in connection with an Aug. 31 confrontation with his girlfriend. Charges were later dismissed, just days before the start of the season, but the Celtics were unwavering in their support of Sullinger as he navigated the legal process.
Final grade: B+
Teacher's notes: The Celtics spent much of the 2013-14 season experimenting with Sullinger, splitting his time between a starter (44 games) and a reserve (30 appearances) and tinkering with his offensive game. Even as minor injuries nagged at him for much of the year, Sullinger was a steady performer. When Brad Stevens was asked about his proudest moment of the season, he referenced a sequence in which Sullinger grabbed three consecutive offensive rebounds before scoring during a game in Toronto. "That's progress, that's something to point towards," said Stevens. Indeed, Sullinger's development, even at the expense of his stat line at times, was one of the bright spots of a loss-filled transition year.
What's next?: The Celtics have Sullinger under their control for at least two more seasons at the bargain rate of his rookie deal, including $1.4 million next season. Some have wondered if he could be Al Jefferson 2.0, the young talent that could be a centerpiece in acquiring the next superstar talent. The Celtics' preference, however, seems to be nurturing his game with hopes he'll be a key part of their next contending team. They can help him out by getting that pure center to pair next to him in the starting lineup.
Honor roll: Click HERE to read past report cards.
Don't agree with teacher? Just want to sound off on Sullinger's 2013-14 season? Leave your thoughts in the comments section.
It started with one whistleblower, but now involves dozens of investigators, has created a standoff between the Department of Justice and lawmakers and threatens Mexico's diplomatic relationship with the United States.
Friction is growing over the probe into the failed “Project Gunrunner” program -- run by the Justice Department's Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms that intended to stop the flow of guns to criminals in Mexico. Whistleblowers claim the bureau actually encouraged the illegal sale of firearms to known criminals, then allowed those guns to be smuggled to Mexico and tracked.
On Tuesday, Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) went after Attorney General Eric Holder for refusing to answer questions and subpoenas for documents that implicate who approved the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives project that allowed guns purchased illegally in U.S. to be smuggled into Mexico on behalf of the drug cartels with the knowledge and consent of the ATF.
"We're not looking at straw buyers, Mr. Attorney General, we're looking at you," Issa said. "We're looking at you, we're looking at your key people who knew or should've known about this."
Holder shot back.
"The notion that somehow or another that this Justice Department is responsible for those deaths, that assertion is offensive," Holder said, referring to the death of American Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry.
"What if it's accurate, Mr. Attorney General?" Issa responded. "What am I going to tell Agent Terry's mother about how he died at the hands of a gun that was videotaped as it was being sold to a straw purchaser fully expecting it to end up in the hands of drug cartels?"
Holder responded. "We'll have to see exactly what happened with regard to the guns that are an issue there."
Also on Tuesday, in a letter to the attorney general signed by both Issa and Sen.Charles Grassley (R-Iowa), the Congressmen say they are “disappointed that you do not appear to be taking this issue seriously enough”. Grassley, in a handwritten postscript, tells Holder he is being ‘ill-served' by staff who are not telling him the whole story.
The theatre on the Hill is an outgrowth of an ongoing investigation that dates back to allegations two months ago from ATF agent John Dodson, a lone voice and career agent who told Fox News in March that the tactic of letting guns "walk" was approved by his supervisors in the Phoenix ATF office over the objections of several agents.
"How many people have to die?" he said. "We don't know where those guns are gonna end up. I've been here since the beginning. Tell me I didn't do the things that I did. Tell me you didn't order me to do the things I did. Tell me it didn't happen."
Dodson was motivated in part by the death of Terry. At the scene of his shooting, police found two AK-47s that were purchased in the U.S. and distributed to drug cartels. These guns were traced to a gun shop that was working with the ATF Project Gunrunner and the Operation Fast and Furious program.
The gun shops say they were encouraged by ATF to sell the guns to suspected straw buyers, an act that is illegal. ATF agents assured the owners the sales were fine and part of an investigation. Unknown to the owners however, the guns were allegedly allowed to flow to Mexico into cartel hands.
The ATF hoped to trace the guns and ultimately make arrests of “bigger fish” in the trafficking network. That apparently never happened. Investigators believe more than 1,800 weapons, including assault rifles, made their way into Mexico, where they were used to committing violent crimes. This disclosure enraged many Mexican lawmakers, who want to sue the gun stores and prosecute U.S. officials who approved the plan.
While Holder and President Obama are content with an internal investigation conducted by the Department of Justice's Office of Inspector General, others are not.
"When I made complaints against the ATF, they were completely ignored and whitewashed and they left the same people in place to operate Project Gunrunner," says ATF Tucson Agent Jay Dobyns.
Dobyns spent two years undercover with the Hells Angels. While he became a star witness in the prosecution of 15 members of the motorcyle gang on charges ranging from extortion to murder, he also became a target of their revenge.
"You are gonna spend the rest of your life running from the Hells Angels," he says they told him. "We know who you are, we know where you live."
The ATF office in Phoenix, specifically Agent-in-Charge Bill Newell and his deputy, George Gillette, promised to protect Dobyns, but Dobyns says they didn't. He says the Hells Angels threatened to rape his wife and behead his children. Weeks later, Dobyns says the gang burned down his house with his family inside. Miraculously, they escaped.
"They abandoned us, they ignored us," said Dobyns.
He filed a complaint against the ATF. Seeking to contain the damage, the DOJ Office of Inspector General investigated and concluded the agency acted "recklessly, needlessly and inappropriately."
That was in August 2009 against Newell, Gillette and the ATF officials in charge. However, no one was held accountable. Operation Fast and Furious, under the direct authority of the ATF Phoenix Office, was launched less than six months later. Dobyns says allowing the ATF to conduct another OIG investigation would be a mistake
"They do not care what the OIG says. They don't care what the OIG conclusions are."
On Friday, Hiroshi Mikitani, president of Rakuten Inc., announced via Twitter that he's considering withdrawing Rakuten from Nippon Keidanren, or the Japan Business Foundation. Nippon Keidanren is one of Japan's three major economic organizations, but Mikitani is considering withdrawing because he disagrees with Keidanren's position on the nation's electricity policy, which seeks to preserve the current structure of the sector. This is the same structure that has given rise to regional monopolies, a lack of separation between electricity distributors and providers, stifling of efforts to implement renewable energy, and some of the most exorbitant electricity prices in the world.
What's notable about this development isn't so much Mikitani's boldness—he has already established himself as an innovative, forward-thinker with his all-English edict for Rakuten. What's interesting is that other members of the Keidanren haven't yet withdrawn, made noises about withdrawing, or in some way at least expressed displeasure with Keidanren in the way Rakuten has.
Instead, they've stayed on, offering support to the nuclear power industry in Japan, frequently spouting dubious justifications for doing so, such as ones I've mentioned before here. There are some big names on Keidanren's roster, including Panasonic and Nissan. These are transnational powerhouses that have been greatly affected, domestically and internationally, by recent events including the nuclear crisis. It would seem, then, that these corporations would have a lot to be angry about. The fact that they haven't seemed so—and their continued solidarity with Keidanren and its blind support of the nuclear industry—is all pretty surprising.
(CNN) The White House on Thursday said President Donald Trump is considering a 20% tax on imports from Mexico to pay for a southern border wall, but that the President is still weighing other options.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Air Force One Thursday that Trump was backing the proposal and had just discussed it with congressional Republicans in a private meeting.
Hours later, amid an uproar from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, Spicer said that he was simply putting forward one idea Trump is considering to show how the administration could fund the multibillion-dollar construction of a wall on the US's southern border. Spicer repeatedly said the White House was aiming to be "illustrative" rather than "prescriptive" as he walked back the more definitive comments he made earlier Thursday.
"Part of our goal today was to demonstrate that there is an easy way -- or several ways -- tone is to generate the reviews because the cost of the wall in the big picture is really not that significant," he said. "Imports (are) one way. I just want to be clear that we're not being prescriptive in saying that is the only way nor is the rate prescriptive."
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus also told reporters the White House is considering a "buffet of options" as it considers how to pay for the border wall.
Read More
Ever felt so angry that you could break everything in the room? Well, a new stress busting trend in Russia is letting people do just that. The art project, known as ‘Debosh', offers stressed out folks the opportunity to destroy an entire room with sledge hammers, baseball bats, clubs and more!
So whether you've had a bad day at work, a huge fight with your spouse, or you just need a way to vent out all that passive aggressive frustration, all you have to do is fork out $160 to $450 – depend on the cost of the furniture involved, which is mostly cheap, old mid-century stuff – and you can go crazy on the place.
So far, the service has proved a big hit. There are other ‘rage room' services in Moscow, but Project Debosh is so popular because it allows a huge amount of customization. Users can select the furniture through an la carte service and they can have a car placed into the room to take their frustration out on.
Customers have been pouring in ever since the place opened up, a few weeks ago. One person, who preferred to remain anonymous, said he felt “just great” after destroying an entire room. “I decided to start with the TV,” he said. “I imagined that it must break very nicely, making a lot of noise with special effects. I had absolutely no thoughts in my head, and it was an amazing experience. I was so pleased when I finished up with the room, my body felt absolutely great.”
According to psychologist Yuriy Adamovskiy, this sort of release can indeed do wonders for your health. “If a person has no way to channel negative emotions out of the body, they tend to build up and can cause health problems later on,” he said.
Aleksey Boritskiy, the brains behind Project Debosh, said he has several other similar ideas up his sleeve. He's going to have competitions in the future on who can throw computers the farthest, along with other sport-oriented events. “There are a lot of people who get very frustrated about computers, so this could well be very popular.”
Most rage room entrepreneurs, including Boritskiy, say that venting out in such controlled environments is a great way to let off steam, but it is only a form of entertainment, not an alternative to mental therapy.
Photos: Project Debosh
via RT
The show television show premiered on September 30th, 2015, with an audience tuning in at over 5,000,000. Though the numbers declined to 3,000,000 by the end of the season, it has established itself as something truly unique, fresh, and exciting. With great reviews across the board, and a decent sized following, the television show having a second season should be a no brainer, but for whatever reason, after the series finale last night, Sky1 has announced that it is officially cancelled (effective March 11th, 2016).
This petition is for fans and myself alike to make our voices heard. "You, Me, and the Apocalypse" is a truly memorable and unique television series, and it is a shame to see it go so soon. Renew it for a second season!
On 17 January 1961, the outgoing US president, Dwight D Eisenhower, went on TV to deliver his valedictory address to the American people. Ike had been a relatively uncontroversial president. He had overseen a period of astonishing prosperity and economic growth. He had impeccable military credentials, having been supreme commander of allied forces in the second world war. So nobody could have accused him of being a radical.
Nevertheless, in his valedictory address Ike said this. "Until the latest of our world conflicts, the United States had no armaments industry. American makers of ploughshares could, with time and as required, make swords as well. But now we can no longer risk emergency improvisation of national defence; we have been compelled to create a permanent armaments industry of vast proportions. Added to this, three and a half million men and women are directly engaged in the defence establishment. We annually spend on military security more than the net income of all United States corporations.
"This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. The total influence – economic, political, even spiritual – is felt in every city, every state house, every office of the federal government. We recognise the imperative need for this development. Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. ... In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist."
Rings some bells, doesn't it? Over the 10 presidencies since Ike's the United States has spent more on its military-industrial complex than all of the other countries in the world combined have spent on defence. But 50 years is a long time in technology, and over that period there has been a steady decline in the importance of dumb "kinetic" weaponry and a rapid increase in "smart" miniaturised weaponry, together with the rise of the internet, cyber-espionage and information warfare.
Like any good parasite, the military-industrial complex has evolved to match the changing nature of the organism on which it feeds. It still does the kinetic stuff, of course, but in recent decades it has moved into non-kinetic areas, notably surveillance and cyber "security". Which is how Edward Snowden came to be an employee not of the National Security Agency, but of a long-standing member of the military-industrial complex, Booz Allen Hamilton – a company that has 24,500 employees, a market capitalisation of $2.5bn and annual revenues of $5.8bn.
As they burgeoned, the big internet companies looked with disdain on the leviathans of the military-industrial complex. Kinetic warfare seemed so yesterday to those whose corporate mantras were about "not being evil" and adhering to "the hacker's way". So when Snowden revealed NSA claims that the spooks had untrammelled access to their servers the companies reacted like nuns accused of running a webcam porn site. It wasn't true, they protested, and even it if was they knew nothing about it. Of course they did comply with government requests approved by a secret court, but that was the extent of it. As the months rolled by, however, this reassuring narrative has unravelled. We discovered that the NSA and GCHQ had indeed covertly tapped the data-traffic that flows between the companies' server farms. But since Google and co were – they claimed – unaware of this, perhaps their protestations of innocence seemed justified. More embarrassing were the revelations about the astonishing lengths to which one company (Microsoft) went to facilitate NSA access to its users' private communications.
Last Wednesday, another piece of the jigsaw slotted into place. The NSA's top lawyer stated unequivocally that the technology firms were fully aware of the agency's widespread collection of data. Rajesh De, the NSA general counsel, said that all communications content and associated metadata harvested by the NSA occurred with the knowledge of the companies – both for the Prism system and the covert tapping of communications moving across the internet.
In one way, I suppose we shouldn't be surprised. The NSA and the internet companies ultimately share the same business model, namely intensive surveillance. The only difference is that the companies do it with the "consent" of their hapless users. What it means, though, is that we're witnessing the evolution of a military-information complex. And if you expect Obama to express regrets in his valedictory address, dream on.
In late February 2017, a host of questionable web sites began reporting the document-dumping web site WikiLeaks had revealed the “breaking” news that Arizona Sen. John McCain had once solicited a campaign contribution from the Russian government:
Is it all over for John McCain? He has been attacking Trump non stop since the election was over, but it looks like McCain in the one that should be getting scrutinized. A just released WikiLeaks document revealed John McCain is a CRIMINAL TRAITOR! The document shows Senator McCain begging the Russians for illegal campaign donations in 2008.
The document shared by WikiLeaks was a purported letter from the Russian ambassador to the United Nations claiming to have received a solicitation for a campaign contribution from the Arizona Republican in 2008, when McCain was running for President against President Barack Obama:
Despite the document's being characterized by various blogs as “breaking” or a “bombshell,” it had been released by WikiLeaks back in October 2008, described as a public document released for possible political motives:
Wikileaks staff have verified the authenticity of the document. Obviously the statement is designed to undermine the McCain campaign and is an extremely interesting Russian intervention into US domestic politics. It remains to be seen whether the play, which lacks subtlety, will backfire and generate support for McCain. According to the document metadata (which can be manipulated, though rarely is), the document was created by “INT10”, underwent two revisions and was saved by “INT9” with a version of word is registered to organization “MID”. Although Wikileaks normally removes metadata, we have not done so in this instance since the document is intended to be public and may be a significant political play by Russian intelligence.
It is unlawful for foreign entities to contribute to U.S. elections and for Americans to knowingly facilitate such contributions. (Not to mention that it would be incredibly foolish for a U.S. official to solicit illegal foreign donations in such an openly traceable manner.)
In a 2008 report published by the Associated Press, McCain's campaign manager Brian Rogers said the solicitation was sent to Russian envoy Vitaly Churkin by accident. Churkin (who passed away on 20 February 2017) told reporters that the letter was not addressed to him using his official title, leading him to believe it was sent to him unintentionally:
The McCain campaign's fundraising letter, dated Sept. 29, did not use Churkin's formal title. That led Churkin to conclude the request stemmed from “a computer failure” by McCain's campaign, Bakhtin said. Bakhtin emphasized, too, that the “Russian authorities are in no way engaged in funding political campaigns or political activities abroad.” He said the mission had not sent any direct reply to the McCain campaign. Brian Rogers, a spokesman for the campaign, said yesterday that he was unable to pinpoint what had caused the blunder. “It sounds like they might have been sent to the wrong place. We obviously don't solicit campaign contributions from people who aren't able to contribute,” he said.
The discussion regarding the now years-old story seems to have been kicked up anew by a tweet sent from the official WikiLeaks Twitter account on 23 February 2017:
Recent discussion about @SenJohnMcCain and a letter from/to Russia in 2008. Our analysis at the time: https://t.co/zNqnVfgKyt — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) February 23, 2017
We reached out to WikiLeaks for comment on why they shared the old link but received no response, while Fox News pundit Sean Hannity apologized to McCain over Twitter for sharing a story on the subject posted by disreputable web site TheGateWayPundit.com:
I retweeted an inaccurate article. My apologies to @SenJohnMcCain. — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) February 23, 2017
My retweet of John McCain story I did say the words “if true”. Gladly it turns out it was not true. — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) February 23, 2017
Hannity's apology came after McCain's spokeswoman, Julie Tarallo, criticized him for sharing “fake news.”
Update February 6, 2017: The WoW Token feature is now live on Battle.net in the US, meaning WoW gold can now be exchanged for Battle,net balance, which can be spent on games, subscriptions, and in-game items.
A token can be redeemed for $15 of Battle.net balance now, and can be used on WoW pets, Blizzard games and other services.
For everything else happening in WoW patch 7.1.5, have a look at our dedicated post.
Just pop along to the Auction House and buy a WoW token, then swap it for $15 of cold, hard Blizzard cash. Alternatively, you can buy a WoW token with real money from the Blizzard shop and sell it on in the Auction House for WoW gold.
Here's a list of what you can buy with the Battle.net funds:
Digital versions of Blizzard games including Digital Deluxe editions – these versions of games have additional goodies like WoW pets.
Character services like realm and faction transfer.
World of Warcraft mounts, pets, cosmetic helms from the in-game shop.
Hearthstone card packs and adventures.
Heroes of the Storm Heroes, skins, and mounts.
Cheers, WoWHead.
Original Story November 24, 2016: Much like real gold, World of Warcraft's long-time currency is worth something. Significantly less, perhaps, but it takes time and effort to gain it and it can already be traded for game-time at a rate of thousands to the dollar. That real-world value is about to get a whole lot more tangible as the WoW subscription token will be converted to a Battle.net balance one in an upcoming patch. It means if you've a few dozen a thousand gold lying around, you can turn it into dollars and cents that are applicable for any Bnet account service – that includes games like Overwatch or microtransactions like loot boxes, Hearthstone card packs and more.
This much was announced at BlizzCon as a future plan, but strings in the latest datamining of patch 7.1.5 indicate it will be coming to the live game very soon. Here's the list of them from MMO-Champion, first their name in the code followed by how they're programmed to display in-game. Italics are our comments.
TOKEN_COMPLETE_BALANCE_DESCRIPTION – %s will be added to your Battle.net Balance. You will receive a confirmation email shortly.
%s is a common internal formatting for values that will depend on various maths.
TOKEN_CONFIRM_BALANCE_DESCRIPTION – %s will be added to your Battle.net Balance.
Likely only one of these will be used and the other is older formatting.
TOKEN_CONSUMABLE_DESCRIPTION_30_DAYS_BALANCE – Use: Adds 30 days of game time to your World of Warcraft account or %s to your Battle.net Balance.
TOKEN_REDEEM_BALANCE_BUTTON_LABEL – %s Battle.net Balance
These are likely store listings for the new items when browsing the in-game shop.
TOKEN_REDEEM_BALANCE_DESCRIPTION – Add %s to your Battle.net Balance?
TOKEN_REDEEM_BALANCE_ERROR_CAP_FORMAT – |cffff2020You can't choose this option because your Battle.net Balance (%s) is near or at the maximum.|r
TOKEN_REDEEM_BALANCE_FORMAT – Current Balance: |cffffffff%s|r|nNew Balance: |cffffffff%s|r
These look like on-use error and confirmation messages, as well as tooltips. Again, the garbage text is processing placeholders.
TOKEN_REDEEM_BALANCE_TITLE – Battle.net Balance
TUTORIAL_TOKEN_GAME_TIME_STEP_2 – 2. Redeem it for 30 days of game time. Game time.
TUTORIAL_TOKEN_GAME_TIME_STEP_2_BALANCE – 2. Redeem it for 30 days of game time (or %s of Battle.net Balance).
These are the two forms of the end of the ‘tutorial' on how to use gold to add WoW game time or, now, Bnet balance.
It's an interesting, if inevitable, move. This essentially means anyone who plays a decent amount of WoW will be able to get any Blizzard products they're after in the future for free, assuming the exchange rate remains reasonable. Currently, that's $20, €20, £15, 75 CNY, 500 TWD or 22,000 KRW depending on region.
However, it's also going to highlight and accentuate some problems in the system. If you take a look at token price tracking site WoWToken.info you'll see that the price of tokens in gold varies massively between region. While the more extreme cases with Korea and China can be partly explained by the different way in which game time functions there, the US and EU servers are practically identical. While exchange rates mean it won't ever line up perfectly, it being twice the cost over here for the same item is a steep price. It's already frustrating for those who don't spend much time in-game making gold that they've got a stockpile effectively half the size.
It also means any money-making exploits, like those we detailed as part of covering the artifact power problem earlier this month, are far more serious. If being able to make six million gold in a couple of days via an infinite resources exploit now translates to thousands of Hearthstone cards, or every new skin in an Overwatch update, that's a rather more serious problem for Blizzard. It's not as problematic as something similar might be on Steam, as getting money out of Battle.net balance into the real world is impossible beyond selling the account (which is against TOS).
The news that this is happening has already spiked the price in several regions, as you'll see on the graphs at that site. Seeing what sort of economy takes root once it's implemented will be fascinating, and hopefully not too damaging.
2012 marks the 20th International Day Of Person With Disabilities. Around 15% of worlds population, or one billion people, live with disabilities. People are often unaware of the great number of persons living with disabilities around the world and the challenges they face.
Disabilities is an umbrella term, covering impairments, activity limitations and participation restrictions.An impairment is a problem in body function or structure, an activity limitation in executing a proper function. Disability is thus not just a health problem.It is a complex phenomenon, reflecting the interaction between features of persons body and features where person lives. To let these people live in society, the difficulty barriers are needed to overcome. People with disabilities have same health needs as a non-disabled person- for immunization, cancer screening etc. They also may experience a narrow margin of health, both because of poverty and social exclusion. Evidence and experience shows that when barriers to their inclusions are removed and persons with disabilities are empowered to facilitate fully in social life, their entire community benefits. Barriers faced by persons with disabilities are therefore, a detriment to society as a whole, and accessibility is necessary to achieve progress and development for all.
How The Day May Be Observed:
The commemoration of International Day Of Disabilities provides an opportunity to address this exclusion by focusing on promoting accessibility and removing all types of barriers in society.Some of the ways are:
Include:
Observance of the day provides opportunities for participation by all stake holders-Governments, the UN system, civil society and organizations of persons with disabilities to focus on issues related to the removal of barriers to create an inclusive and accessible society that would benefit all.
Organize:
Hold forums, public discussions and information campaigns to find innovative ways and measures by which barriers to the inclusion of persons with disabilities and their families can be broken down.
Celebrate:
Plan and organize performances everywhere to showcase and celebrate the contributions made by persons with disabilities as agents of change and development in the communities in which they live.
Take Action:
A major focus of the day is practical action that would help to remove barriers that limit accessibility and participation of disabled people in society.Highlight obstacles in creating accessible and inclusive society,as much as promote public awareness of existing barriers to the full inclusion of persons with disabilities in their societies.
Collection GratefulDead
Disc 1:
1. /Morning Dew 10:52
2. Hard to Handle* 5:19
3. Casey Jones* 4:30
4. Mama Tried 3:02
5. "There's resonance at
250 cycles" 1:04
6. The Star Spangled Banner 1:09
7. The Merry Go Round Broke
Down Tuning 0:41
8. Spring Song Tuning 0:28
9. Take Me Out To The
Ballgame tuning 0:34
10.Next Time You See Me 4:23
11.Good Lovin' > 1:48
12.Drums > 2:41
13.Jam > 3:29
14.Good Lovin' 2:05
15.China Cat Sunflower > 5:21
16.I Know You Rider 4:07
Total time: 51:41
Disc 2:
1. Dark Star > 17:58
2. Uncle John's Jam/> 1:48
3. Dark Star > 5:41
4. Cryptical Envelopment > 1:44
5. Drums > 4:52
6. The Other One > 9:44
7. Turn On Your Lovelight* 25:33
Total time: 67:23
Notes
The following info from Deadlists:
The tape in circulation was edited, probably off 1st generation cassette
copies of the master reels, possibly onto DAT. There are splices before and
after Mama Tried, Next Time, and Good Lovin, and songs are probably missing
in these gaps.
According to DeadBase IX they played Hard To Handle and Casey Jones after
Morning Dew; Me & My Uncle and Cold Rain & Snow after Mama Tried; and High
Time after Next Time You See Me.
It is impossible to tell from the circulating tape whether this show had one
Dead set or two. If there were two sets probably Good Lovin concluded the
first.
Known flaws:
On the circulating tape the Uncle John's jam breaks off, cutting back to
Dark Star at 1:45; 20 seconds to 2 minutes of jamming must be lost here.
Missing Me & My Uncle, Cold Rain & Snow and High Time which are listed in
DeadBase.
Editing Notes:
This show was originally received by me on CD-R with a presumed lineage of Master Reel >
DAT > CD-R. Deadlists however, lists the show as having a probable cassette generation
prior to the transfer to DAT. (See above).
Like 11.08.69, there was a constant repetitive audible clicking in the left channel
which was quite noticeable during the quiet and low passages throughout the show. I
wanted to clean up the audio as much as possible by reducing or eliminating the clicking
but not at the expense of the quality of the existing audio. Noise reduction was not an
option, as the unanimous experience and opinion of most folks who have tried it indicate
that the resulting artifacts result in worse problems than what's attempted to be
corrected in the first place. I decided to try a noise filtering tool available in Cool
Edit Pro and Cool Edit 2000 which analyses audio samples and actually filters out clicks
and pops under a variety of settings. After experimenting around with a few different
available levels and settings within the program, I was able to apply the filtering tool
to the quiet and low passages on each wave form for the tracks comprising the show and
either eliminate entirely or reduce the loud audible clicking to a barely audible few lights
intermittent ticks here and there. I used the filtering very sparingly, as for a majority
of the show, the clicking was not a problem due to the audio remaining at a level which was
loud enough for it not to be heard. I did find though that if the filtering was applied
beyond a certain point or with one too many passes on a specific audio passage, that the
audio would be negatively affected. So basically, this procedure was done carefully and
sparingly without compromising the integrity of the underlying audio. After editing, a
few very light nearly inaudible ticks are present on a few soft passages, but all of the
initial audible clicking has essentially been eliminated.
Additionally, the track ID's were in error throughout much of the show, so I ran the .wav
files through CD WAV and split the tracks at the appropriate places. This was done prior to
the noise filter edit described above. I burned an audio copy of the show after the track ID
editing was completed but before the noise filtering editing was applied. Accordingly,
if anyone else out there wants to try their hand at this on an unedited copy, I have one
available. Anyway, I'm pleased with the results of the noise filter editing and find the
result to be quite a significant improvement over the original unedited version of this show.
This is also the most complete version of this show that I'm aware of as it includes Hard to
Handle, Casey Jones and the COMPLETE uncut Turn On Your Lovelight patched in from an alternate SBD
source, none of which are included in earlier more commonly circulating versions of
Identifier gd1969-11-07.sbd.kaplan.21762.shnf Location San Francisco, CA Source MR > DAT > CD > EAC > CDWAV > Cool Edit Pro Noise Filter > SHN > CDR (Except for * which is MR > DAT > CD) Transferred by Seth Kaplan Type sound Venue Fillmore Auditorium Year 1969
For more than a decade, the notion of a "summer movie season" has been stretching all the way back to the beginning of March and, as a result, box office records have been breaking left and right. But when considering superhero franchises specifically, Captain America: The Winter Soldier 's debut reveals just how successful the Marvel Studios model has been in modern Hollywood.
Each of the individual Marvel Studios character franchises — Iron Man, Thor, and Captain America — has improved at the box office with each successive film within each respective franchise, in domestic opening weekend gross, in total domestic gross, and especially in total international gross. No other superhero franchise matches that record: not Batman (both the Tim Burton–Joel Schumacher films and the Christopher Nolan films), not Spider-Man, not the X-Men, and not Superman.
Despite concerns that the glut of superhero films had oversaturated the market, and that Marvel's strategy of creatively threading each of these franchises together into the mega-franchise movie The Avengers might foster audience exhaustion, the opposite appears to be true, especially overseas. Consider Captain America: The Winter Soldier, which opened in most international markets on March 26, and has already made more overseas in its first week in theaters ($207.1 million) than Captain America: The First Avenger made in its entire theatrical run ($193.9 million).
It has not been a smooth ascent for Marvel Studios, to be sure. The Incredible Hulk failed to reboot the giant green rage monster as a solo superhero, and Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige has been cagy at best about whether Hulk will ever receive his own film again. Last fall's dramatically turgid Thor: The Dark World is a glaring exception to the larger consensus that Marvel Studios' films have increased in quality along with box office receipts. And Marvel's first attempt at expanding its creative universe into television with Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has been less than successful on all fronts, seemingly in part because its storyline was deeply entwined in the larger Marvel Cinematic Universe by necessity. Tellingly, Marvel has turned to Netflix for its next expansion into television, with four seemingly downscaled series with less of an obvious creative connection to the Marvel Studios movies.
Still, what Marvel has pulled off is nothing short of astonishing, grossing nearly $6 billion with nine films over just six years. That monumental financial achievement is already changing the way other Hollywood studios do business: Sony recently announced that its rebooted Spider-Man franchise would expand with films focusing on the hero's rogues gallery; Warner Bros. is bringing Batman and Wonder Woman into its next Superman movie, indicating the beginnings of a Justice League of America movie; and beyond the immense multi-film cast needed for the time-hopping X-Men: Days of Future Past, there have been whispers that Fox is considering bringing the X-Men together with its in-the-works reboot of the Fantastic Four.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then Marvel is the most popular kid in Hollywood.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZALEZ: Organizers of the humanitarian flotilla to the Gaza Strip say another one of their ships has been sabotaged. The engine of an Irish ship docked in Turkey was reportedly so badly damaged it would have sunk in the middle of the ocean, threatening the lives of the passengers on board. It's at least the second flotilla vessel to be targeted this week, following damage to a Greek-Swedish ship docked in a port near Athens.
Activists have accused Israel of orchestrating the sabotage but say they have no direct proof. The Israeli government is trying to stop the ships from leaving port and has vowed to intercept them, should they set sail. An Israeli official quoted in the Jerusalem Post said, the more, quote, “they have to run in place in Athens, the better it is for Israel.”
AMY GOODMAN: Well, one of the ships in the 10-vessel flotilla is the U.S.-based Audacity of Hope, named after President Obama's bestselling book. At least three dozen U.S. citizens are on board, carrying letters from Americans to the people of Gaza.
Democracy Now! producer Aaron Maté and videographer Hany Massoud are in Greece to cover the Audacity of Hope's journey. On Wednesday, Yonatan Shapira, a former Israeli air force pilot turned peace activist who's now a crew member on the U.S. boat, gave Democracy Now! a rare look inside the ship and talked about the threat of sabotage. For our TV audience, we had to shoot this video carefully at the request of flotilla organizers, who don't want to give away the ship's location.
YONATAN SHAPIRA: So, we are now inside the Audacity of Hope. My name is Yonatan Shapira, and I'm a crew member on the Audacity of Hope, together with four other people. We have a captain from the United States, another crew member from Washington, and two other crew members from the U.K. And I'm from Israel. And we have the passengers that are about 36, 40, and probably around 10 media persons that are going to be on board. The boat is approximately 35 meters. It was bought in Greece. And yeah, we are hoping to leave soon to Gaza. We are carrying a very dangerous weapon: it's letters from people in the United States to Gaza. I have my own very dangerous weapon, that is my harmonica. And I hope that the Israeli navy will not choose to do the mistake and stop us and arrest us for carrying letters to Gaza. So let me show you upstairs real quick.
It's a lovely deck, and that will be the place where probably we'll spend most of the time, because it's nice breeze and comfortable benches. And what we know already that happened to other boats—it was all published in the last, I think 24 hours—is that the boat of the Swedish-Norwegian-Greek group was sabotaged by divers, and I guess everyone can guess who did it. It's my brothers from Israel. What they did is they cut small cuts on both of the shafts that goes to the propellers, and as soon as the captain of their boat, just for checking the engine, turned it on, it completely bent it. And the boat is now dry-docked, and they hope to be ready in maybe a couple of days or so.
They are definitely trying whatever they can not to let us go. Yesterday, as an act of safety, I dived around the boat in this quite filthy water, but we wanted to make sure that our boat is still fine. But we have to guard 24 hours a day and make sure that no one is sabotaging our boat, which is of course an act of crime. It's a completely criminal thing to sabotage engines, propellers of a boat. It can create an accident. It can create a very, very dangerous potential harm for passengers, for crew. So we have to be very, very careful, but determined with a lot of audacity and a lot of hope.
AMY GOODMAN: Israeli air force pilot Yonatan Shapira on the Audacity of Hope, the U.S.-flagged ship that contains more than 50 people—we'll go there live in a moment—that are trying to set sail to challenge the Israeli blockade of Gaza. When we come back, we hear Yonatan Shapira's own story.
Two and a half years after being sworn in as the nation's first Chief Technology Officer, Aneesh Chopra is stepping down. Politco first reported a rumor, which was confirmed by the White House this afternoon. Chopra's last day will be February 8th. No reason was given for his departure, but the Washington Post reports that he's heading back to Virginia (where he served as Secretary of Technology) to possibly run for Lieutenant Governor and pursue a political career. Chopra didn't confirm or deny that in an email response, where he thanked President Obama for his chance in the spotlight:
After an incredible three years as the nation's first chief technology officer, I am returning to my home state of Virginia to continue my work using innovative new technologies and platforms to improve healthcare, education and energy – and to grow the jobs and industries of the future. I want to thank the President for entrusting me with the task of fostering an innovation culture in government, and for his direction, engagement, and leadership on applying technology for the betterment of all Americans.
President Obama thanked him right back:
As the federal government's first Chief Technology Officer, Aneesh Chopra did groundbreaking work to bring our government into the 21st century. Aneesh found countless ways to engage the American people using technology, from electronic health records for veterans, to expanding access to broadband for rural communities, to modernizing government records. His legacy of leadership and innovation will benefit Americans for years to come, and I thank him for his outstanding service.
With only two and a half years in office, it's hard to say how much Chopra directly accomplished as CTO and / or how much of a foundation he created for the next person to take the job, but Obama's White House is definitely one of the most technology friendly we've seen, recently hanging out on Google+, joining Instagram, pushing for nationwide high-speed wireless and public safety networks, and speaking out against SOPA. Some of the credit can be laid at this man's feet.
New Jersey lawmakers are fed up with distracted driving and their most recent suggested legislation supports that. The newest New Jersey bill put together by two democratic Assemblymen would ban activities that drivers do in the car.
While it is not uncommon to ban use of a cellphone and texting and driving, this bill expands the activities.
The law, if passed, would outlaw any activity behind the wheel that would interfere with otherwise safe operation of the vehicle. This means no eating breakfast, drinking coffee, or applying makeup. Similar laws have already been passed in other states so New Jersey would not be the first.
In fact, laws have been passed in Maine and Utah but the New Jersey bill would carry some of the strictest penalties. A first time offender could pay up to $400. A second time offender would pay up to $600 and a third time offender could pay up to $800.
The federal government, non-profit organizations, corporations, and state governments have all attempted to address the distracted driving issue.
While it's possible that some of the behavior has been curbed by tighter laws, texting and driving especially still happens not just in New Jersey but across the country.
The Prevalence of Distracted Driving
According to Distraction.gov, at any given point in time while the sun is up in the U.S., nearly 660,000 people are using an electronic device while operating a vehicle.
This number has stayed the same since 2010, which is an alarming thought given how many laws and awareness campaigns have targeted distracted driving.
Many studies have backed up the claim that any kind of distracted behavior puts people at risk, including passengers, other drivers, cyclists, and pedestrians.
Despite the fact that these studies have been shared in the media and that plenty of educational programs have illustrated the risks of distracted driving, the behavior runs rampant not just in New Jersey but across the country.
Recognizing that awareness and educational campaigns only go so far, New Jersey legislators are thinking about taking things a step further, but not everyone is in agreement with the newly proposed rules.
For example, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has spoken out against the proposed New Jersey law and believes that the best way to address distracted driving immediately is with vigorous enforcement of safety belt laws and education about the dangers of distracted driving.
Also Read : Highway Regulators Tweet Against Distracted Driving
Injuries from a Distracted Driving Accident
No two car accidents are alike, but many of the victims who have suffered in a New Jersey distracted driving accident have severe injuries.
Some of these may be life-threatening or complicate the victim's life long after the accident is over, including traumatic brain injuries, spinal cord injuries, or paralysis.
A victim's quality of life may be critically impacted after a distracted driving accident. It can be difficult to deal with the emotional repercussions, too, know that just a couple of seconds of someone else's attention on the road could have prevented the accident entirely.
That's why personal injury law in New Jersey empowers victims to pursue a legal claim against responsible parties with the assistance of a talented New Jersey distracted driving accident attorney.
If you or someone you know has already been injured in a car accident in New Jersey because of someone else's distracted driving behavior, you may be entitled to file a lawsuit after speaking with a New Jersey car accident attorney.
Contact An Expert New Jersey Car Accident Lawyer Today
An experienced lawyer can tell you more about your rights and give you suggested next steps going forward. No individuals should have to pay the consequences of someone else's distracted driving behavior but unfortunately, this has become increasingly common.
Despite the fact that numerous studies pinpoint distracted driving as an extremely dangerous activity, no matter what form it takes, adults and teen drivers alike admit to doing this behavior despite knowing the devastating reality.
Holding someone else accountable in court may be the only way to recover compensation for serious injuries associated with a car accident.
If you have already been injured, do not hesitate to reach out to a New Jersey car accident attorney today to learn more.
Drowsy driving may be just as deadly as driving distracted. Learn more in this blog: http://www.schibelllaw.com/sleep-deprived-teenagers-may-be-at-risk-of-an-accident/
SCHEDULE A FREE CASE REVIEW If you need to consult a New Jersey attorney, you need to contact Schibell & Mennie, LLC. The initial consultation is always free. PHONE: 732-774-1000 Get Help Now
A 3-year-old Mississippi child born with HIV and treated with a combination of antiviral drugs unusually early continues to do well and remains free of active infection 18 months after all treatment ceased, according to an updated case report published Oct. 23 in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Early findings of the case were presented in March 2013 during a scientific meeting in Atlanta, but the newly published report adds detail and confirms what researchers say is the first documented case of HIV remission in a child.
"Our findings suggest that this child's remission is not a mere fluke but the likely result of aggressive and very early therapy that may have prevented the virus from taking a hold in the child's immune cells," says Deborah Persaud, M.D., lead author of the NEJM report and a virologist and pediatric HIV expert at the Johns Hopkins Children's Center.
Persaud teamed up with immunologist Katherine Luzuriaga, M.D., of the University of Massachusetts Medical School, and pediatrician Hannah Gay, M.D., of the University of Mississippi Medical Center, who identified and treated the baby and continues to see the child.
"We're thrilled that the child remains off medication and has no detectable virus replicating," Gay says. "We've continued to follow the child, obviously, and she continues to do very well. There is no sign of the return of HIV, and we will continue to follow her for the long term."
The child was born to an HIV-infected mother and began combination anti-retroviral treatment 30 hours after birth. A series of tests in the subsequent days and weeks showed progressively diminishing viral presence in the infant's blood, until it reached undetectable levels 29 days after birth. The infant remained on antivirals until 18 months of age, at which point the child was lost to follow-up for a while and, physicians say, stopped treatment. Upon return to care, about 10 months after treatment stopped, the child underwent repeated standard HIV tests, none of which detected virus in the blood, according to the report.
The child's experience, the authors of the report say, provides compelling evidence that HIV-infected infants can achieve viral remission if anti-retroviral therapy begins within hours or days of infection. As a result, a federally funded study set to begin in early 2014 will test the early-treatment method used in the Mississippi case to determine whether the approach could be used in all HIV-infected newborns.
The investigators say the prompt administration of antiviral treatment likely led to the Mississippi child's remission because it halted the formation of hard-to-treat viral reservoirs -- dormant HIV hiding in immune cells that reignites the infection in most patients within mere weeks of stopping drug therapy.
"Prompt antiviral therapy in newborns that begins within hours or days of exposure may help infants clear the virus and achieve long-term remission without the need for lifelong treatment by preventing such viral hideouts from forming in the first place," Persaud says.
Remission, defined in this case not only by absence of infection symptoms but also by lack of replicating virus, may be a stepping stone toward a sterilizing HIV cure -- complete and long-term eradication of all replicating virus from the body. A single case of sterilizing cure has been reported so far, the investigators note. It occurred in an HIV-positive man treated with a bone marrow transplant for leukemia. The bone marrow cells came from a donor with a rare genetic mutation of the white blood cells that renders some people resistant to HIV, a benefit that transferred to the recipient. Such a complex treatment approach, however, HIV experts agree, is neither feasible nor practical for the 33 million people worldwide infected with HIV.
In the Mississippi child, tests for HIV-specific antibodies -- the standard clinical indicator of HIV infection -- remain negative to date, as do tests that detect the presence of immune cells known as cytotoxic, or killer, cells deployed to destroy viral invaders and whose presence indicates active infection. Ultrasensitive tests designed to sniff out trace amounts of virus intermittently detected viral footprints, Persaud and team say. However, this "leftover" HIV appears incapable of forming new virus and reigniting infection.
Importantly, the child exhibits none of the immune characteristics seen in the so-called "elite controllers," a tiny percentage of HIV infected people whose immune systems allow them to naturally keep the virus in check without treatment. Such people's immune systems are revved up to suppress viral replication. This is not the case with the Mississippi child. The absence of immune system characteristics seen in elite controllers in this child is an indicator that early therapy, rather than natural immune mechanisms, led to the child's remission, authors of the report say.
Currently, high-risk newborns -- those born to mothers with poorly controlled infections or whose mothers' HIV status is discovered around the time of delivery -- receive a preemptive combination of antivirals to prevent infection. They do not start treatment at full antiviral doses until infection is confirmed. While this prophylactic approach is important in preventing at-risk infants from acquiring the virus, it does nothing for those already infected. It is precisely these infants who stand to benefit from prompt treatment with full therapeutic doses, as was the case with the Mississippi baby.
"This case highlights the potential of prompt therapy to lead to long-term remission in those already infected by blocking the formation of the very viral reservoirs responsible for rekindling infection once treatment ceases," says Luzuriaga, senior author of the NEJM report. "This may be particularly true in infants, whose developing immune systems may be less amenable to the formation of long-lived virus-infected immune cells."
Indeed, recent studies in HIV-infected infants have shown a marked reduction in the numbers of circulating virus-infected cells when babies are treated during the first few weeks of infection. Research has also shown that many hard-to-eradicate viral reservoirs begin to form very early, within weeks of infection. Taken together, these findings mean that the window of opportunity to achieve remission may close very quickly.
The experts emphasize that despite the promise this case holds, preventing mother-to-child transmission remains the primary public health goal. Authors of the report caution the approach is still considered preliminary and future studies are needed to confirm if, how and in whom it should be used. In addition, children with confirmed HIV infection should not be taken off antiviral treatment, the experts say.
Nearly 3.3 million children live with HIV worldwide, and more than 260,000 acquire the virus from their mothers during delivery despite advances in preventing mother-to-child infection.
###
The work was supported by the National Institutes of Health under grant numbers AI93701 and HD0577849, and by the American Foundation for AIDS Research (amFAR). Additional grant support came from the International Maternal Pediatric Adolescent AIDS Clinical Trials Network (IMPAACT) and from the The Collaboratory of AIDS Researchers for Eradication (CARE).
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Bull Bull Bull D Bull Bull D D Bull Season 1 Created by Phil McGraw, Paul Attanasio Starring Michael Weatherly, Annabelle Attanasio, Geneva Carr, Chris Jackson, Jaime Lee Kirchner, Freddy Rodriguez Debuts Tuesday, September 20, at 9 p.m. Eastern on CBS Format Hour-long drama. First episode watched for review
Here's what you need to know about Bull, should you be looking for something to discuss with your weird aunt or 90-year-old great-uncle come Thanksgiving: It's a show loosely based on the early life of Dr. Phil McGraw, the Oprah-sanctioned talk show personality who was once a practicing psychiatrist and trial consultant. It stars Michael Weatherly, who was most recently no. 2 on the call sheet on NCIS, the most successful drama on television. Also, the show's extremely stupid.
Advertisement
Bull isn't trying to be a bad show. It just is. That's probably because it doesn't know itself. From watching the pilot, it's evident that the show's M.O. is taking buzz-worthy aspects of other shows and smooshing them all together into one program, thus attempting to create a new smash out of ingredients from others.
Each episode of Bull follows Weatherly's Dr. Jason Bull (ugh), a cool-cat character who owns and runs the obviously named Trial Analysis Corporation. There, he's joined by other intense people with laptops, including characters like Cable (ugh times two) McCrory, who's billed as a “haughty millennial hacker… responsible for gathering cyber intelligence,” and the over-the-top Chunk (ugh times three) Palmer, “a fashion-conscious stylist and former All-American lineman who fine-tunes clients' appearances for trial.” Together they toil away in their futuristic-style steel loft space apparently situated in one of New York City's highest round buildings, putting in 18-hour days for one sole purpose: To psychologically analyze and break down juries to get criminal defendants off, no matter the cost.
Advertisement
In the pilot, said defendant is Brendan Peters, a Pete Wentz-looking party boy who has allegedly killed Alyssa Yang, a straight-A student who also happens to be dealing fake crystal meth. We're meant to understand he didn't do it, but also that he's a rich kid whose dad is forking over millions to hire not only the former U.S. attorney general as Brendan's lawyer but also Bull and company to figure out that no one on the jury actually likes the attorney general. They do that by creating a “mirror jury” out of average people on the street who almost identically match the actual jurors—again, presumably at some ridiculous cost—paying them to attend the trial, and then analyzing their biometrics and backgrounds. There's also questionably legal surveillance involved, not that Bull would care, what with his “I get shit done” attitude.
While all of that might seem fairly standard for your average crime procedural—see NCIS, Law & Order: SVU, all of the CSI iterations, God rest their souls, and so on—Bull takes things a step further by attempting to smash internet culture and chatter into its 44 weekly minutes. The show's pilot opens with YouTube-style talking heads chatting about how everyone's “innocent until proven guilty” and quickly launches into scenes overlaid with faux-Instagram posts and New York Post headlines. Bull, who Weatherly plays with such a detached air that he might as well be wearing sunglasses, even uses the phrase “too long, didn't read” at one point, mere minutes after a faux meme appears on screen goofing on the defendant's bullshit haircut. We're supposed to come away thinking not only that Bull is, like, a super cool dude, but also that this show just gets the millennial viewer, in a way that something like NCIS might not. The characters even show how down they are with “alternative” lifestyles, urging young Brendan along when he reveals that he's gay and thus did not kill Alyssa because she wouldn't have anal sex with him, and noting, after some titillating pictures of another character in a trussed-up bondage position emerge, that, “36 percent of Americans use masks,” handcuffs, and other bondage paraphernalia in the bedroom. “Hey, man,” the show seems to be saying, “who are we, the cast of Bull, to judge what you're doing in the privacy of your own home?”
Advertisement
While Bull is clearly trying to weave 21st-century “anything goes” culture into its show, it does so in a way that's so heavy-handed, so obvious, that any millennial or person with half an internet- or socially conscious brain is going to call bullshit on it instantly. Everyone knows that you can't try to be cool. With Bull, CBS looks like it's trying to throw a Harambe shirt over its dad bod. Sure, that shirt might technically fit over that portly, liver-spotted stomach, but that doesn't mean that ol' CBS has any business wearing it, let alone any idea what it really means.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The platform edges are too close to the tracks in some stations which means the trains cannot get in
The French train operator SNCF has discovered that 2,000 new trains it ordered at a cost of 15bn euros ($20.5bn; £12.1bn) are too wide for many regional platforms.
The BBC's Christian Fraser in Paris says that it is an embarrassing blunder that has so far cost the rail operator over 50m euros ($68.4m; £40.6m).
Our correspondent says that the cost is likely to rise even further.
Construction work has already started to reconfigure station platforms.
The work will allow new trains room to pass through. But officials say that there are still 1,000 platforms to be adjusted.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The blunder has cost the rail operator a substantial sum of money
The error seems to have happened because the national rail operator RFF gave the wrong dimensions to train company SNCF.
Our correspondent says that they measured platforms built less than 30 years ago, overlooking the fact that many of France's regional platforms were built more than 50 years ago when trains were a little slimmer.
The platform edges are too close to the tracks in some stations which means the trains cannot get in, officials say.
A spokesman for the RFF confirmed they had "discovered the problem a bit late".
Transport Minister Frederic Cuvillier blamed an "absurd rail system" for the problems.
"When you separate the rail operator from the train company," he said, "this is what happens."
Yesterday I celebrated what is definitely a really fantastic game. A game that deserves celebration, a surprise treat from a series that never promised anything this involved, mad, and genre-busting. It is, overall, a very positive experience. And as I said yesterday, such experiences come at a price – when stuff is wrong, it looks very, very wrong. But in the case of Far Cry 3, this isn't about picking up on issues that would pass in a more mediocre game – this is about really wantonly stupid mistakes, issues that defy the belief that any human being can have played the game before it was released, further evidencing the theory that this was indeed a game coded by tigers.
So as I've said, while the whole of this article is negative, this isn't a statement that it's a negative game. Why am I hammering this point home? Because I'm up at 7am to get an hour of Far Cry 3 in before I start work, despite having played it all last night and every spare moment of the weekend before it. Because I care enough about how good it is to want to highlight its shortcomings, partly in the hope that at least some of them can be patched out to stop marring this glorious thing.
What's Wrong With Far Cry 3
The Static Characters
Yesterday I talked about the protagonist, and how while there were clearly problems, in the end I found myself liking this spoiled kid's descent into cruel, terrified brutality. I also attempted to dismiss away the situation he was in. That's not really fair. Because Far Cry 3, well, it's a bit racist, isn't it?
I said, rather flippantly, that the people of this island are the race they are, because it's the island they're native to. It is what it is, essentially. And that's the case – that's really not the issue here. It had to be set somewhere. The issue is the horribly worn tropes it so lazily kicks around when it gets there. As it is, you have the simple-folk-natives, and the immigrant white men with their mixture of South African and Australian accents. And one black guy. White people ask you to get involved in enormously elaborate machinations, ancient mysteries, and local politics. Locals ask you to help them kill endangered species, find their missing daughters, and point out when their husbands are gay. Essentially, the locals behave as if they're helpless without you, but when you wield their tattoo-based magical powers then true greatness appears. And it's here that the problems really kick in.
There's a term for it. It's “Noble Savage“. And it also falls under the remit of the “Magical Negro“. The trope is that the non-white character possesses mystical insight, magical abilities, or simply wisdom derived from such a ‘simple life', that can enlighten the white man. And it's pretty icky. The premise relies on the belief that the individual's race is in some way debilitating, something their noble/mystical abilities are able to ‘overcome'.
The further you get, the more revered your character becomes. The antagonists call you Snow White, a derisory name but one that pretty much points out that you're the pure white American man in this land of colourful folks. And the locals begin to hear word of not only your helpful ways (which would seem fair – you're being very helpful) but also your abilities with their customs, your wielding of their powers. You are the outsider who has come in and outdone them, shown them the true majesty of their savage abilities. They can't fight against the pirates for themselves, but you can save them. Now, I've not finished the game – I am, by the map, halfway through. This might be discussed, it might be addressed, but it's certainly already there.
So I've argued why I think the story of the spoilt rich white kids having their worlds fall apart is not a bad thing. But I do wonder what would have stopped the story being about a local of the island rising up against the pirate oppressors. And then at least the problematic mystical bullshit would have at least been a part of his or her culture, even if it would still have remained entirely unnecessary. Or maybe just have the island be inhabited by an indigenous race that isn't generally pathetic.
And then there's the rapey bit. (Oddly, this paragraph is also a spoiler.) General rule: unless your game is about rape, or willing to truly deal with the subject, maybe steer clear of rape. It's way too big of a subject to nonchalantly include, and it's pretty abhorrent to use it as a mere plot beat. The rape in FC3 is threatened and implied, rather than witnessed, but it's so thrown away, used to say, “This man who did it are terrible!” rather than to explore the true horror for the repeatedly abused victim. The perpetrator happens to be one of the best written and acted characters in game – especially acted. It's a fantastic performance. And his being a monster makes that all the more affecting. But in the end, the reveal of Jason's victimisation is flippant, and the ludicrous mystic-trippy scene in which you QTE kill Buck is just plain offensive in the context. I think it was intended to further the brutal horror faced by these rich suburban kids, but in the end it's an awkward, potentially upsetting misfire.
Saving
The Great Quicksave War still rages on. In fact, just calling it that is considered an act of aggression by the Checkpoint Army. But like a game of foot-to-ball on Christmas Day, Far Cry 3's utter arsing up of saving can bring both sides together.
It's hard to imagine how it could be this bad. A game that absolutely naturally lends itself to quicksaves (I don't care if you don't like them – guess what, you don't have to use them even if they're there) has no such thing. And as such it becomes a game that heavily relies on checkpointing. But it's an open-world game, and so, er, needs quicksaves. The eighth-arsed solution is a system where death means being revived at the nearest safehouse or controlled radio tower. Now, that alone would have been almost fine. Frustrating when your target location is a hefty journey away from one of those, but it would have at least made a degree of sense. But what actually happens here is death means not only reviving far away, but also with an arbitrary amount of progress undone.
When this progress includes menial tasks like crafting items, it's just a pain in the arse to have to discover what's now undone. Let alone the tedium of having to repeatedly retrace your steps to a particularly tricky challenge. And this reaches farce once the jumbled mess of its saving conflicts with the jumbled mess of its mission areas. At one point I wanted to clear a radio tower in an area, mostly to get the minimap working. However, this tower happened to fall inside the vague area that triggered the next story mission, despite my not wanting to do it, nor engaging in it. Instead I cleared the tower, then I believe was ambushed by komodos on my way to doing something else. I came back to life at some arbitrary place, the radio tower itself now reset – despite those things supposed to be the one reliable checkpoint you have. The mission had taken over, and anything I did between then and actually reaching the location where it properly takes place was undone. Because… because? Because why? Because someone at Ubisoft hates people, and hates the thought of people having uninterrupted fun?
This is even further encumbered by some archaic leftover from the last generation of consoles, with the persisting belief that there's a need to limit save slots. So you're allowed one save, and one save only, and saving again overwrites the last. So any desires to archive moments of the game, to be able to return to a certain point to play again another time, are taken away. Because… because? For no damned reason. The “save” option in the menu itself is an utter farce – on the rare occasions it actually lets you use it, it doesn't save anything at all. And there's no need for any of it. If I want to stop playing at a certain key moment – say I have to go out, or to bed, or to work – tough. Leave it running and risk a crash, or lose the progress anyway. Because… because fuck you.
Notifications
A recent study I've just made up showed that human beings now spend up to 12% of their waking life switching the notifications off on things. From every app on every phone, tablet and computer, to every console, alarm clock, and Twitter client, everything in the world seems to believe that we want to be constantly notified of things. STOP NOTIFYING ME OF THINGS, EVERYTHING! And especially you, Far Cry 3, you utter prick. At least damned Twitter apps have an option buried beneath seventeen chains of menus to turn the bloody things off. Far Cry 3 does not, and it WILL NOT SHUT UP.
One of the real joys of the game is the freedom. I can pursue the main storyline, or I can run over here and see what's in this cave, and then hang-glide to that village, kill all the red-wearing bastards who live there, then go murder a blue-eared lama or something. But for reasons unexplainable by all non-tiger people, I cannot do any of this without the game SCREAMING at me that there's still the main storyline mission to do. A pop-up text box that takes up a dramatic amount of the upper-left of the screen appears with an alarming swoosh-kaaaa noise, telling me that I should be meeting with Beard White Guy #7 now. No I shouldn't! I should be spelunking right here, and then chasing parrots. So oh God please will you just shut up.
No, it won't shut up. It will never shut up. It won't shut up while you're actually doing the mission it's reminding you to do. Despite being in an elaborate cave network only accessible by following the quest, in the middle of taking out guards and making your way down the slope, it'll appear telling you, “Take out the guards and go down the slope.” OH GOOD GRIEF I KNOW I'M DOING IT SHUT UP SHUT UP.
You have to play the game to understand how teeth-destroyingly frustrating it is, this fucking text box that obsessively stalks you, incessantly screaming at you to stop having fun and do the mission even if you've stopped having fun and are doing the mission… it's evil. It's a force of evil. And the serious issue here is that it demonstrates something very concerning – they absolutely cannot have sat down anyone from outside the dev team to play the game before finalising it. Because any non-tiger species would have turned around and said to them, “If you don't make this godforsaken text box stop appearing, I'm going to hunt every one of you down and put you in a zoo.” It smacks of extreme arrogance, of failing to playtest properly, or of just hating humanity.
Menus
This is another example of a failure to have real humans play the game ahead of release. Because absolutely anyone who's sat down with the game for more than an hour will say, “Why the billowing hellballs isn't there a shortcut key for crafting?” Even the console porting isn't a justification for this – not least because everything else about the port is so close to perfect – because on a controller you'd still want a button dedicated just to bringing up this screen.
Even when you've the menus up, they're a bemusing confusion. Huge and muddled, navigating them desperately needs a scroll wheel, but astonishingly this only works on some of them. Completely at random, it just doesn't do anything on the menus you use most frequently, while happily scrolls down a list of the pointless statuettes you've picked up. Nothing works as you might expect. Selecting the main button for the section you're in doesn't go back to the top – instead it just does nothing. You have to click the tiny “back” button on the bottom right of the screen. Selling non-junk items in shop menus requires laboriously clicking on each over and over, rather than group-selecting a bunch. There's no mouse rationale at all, throughout, and no internal consistency. It's ridiculous, and it's a real stumbling block in enjoyment of a game you're going to be spending dozens of hours playing.
Barks
In every sense. This is another perennial gaming issue, but it's one that is far more stark and obtuse in Far Cry 3. There are about ten different barks for the pirates. I wish I were exaggerating. I have heard them decry the heat and wish for death, suggest giving up the island because they dislike it so much, mention that a prostitute has given them the clap, and talk about how it hurts when they wee. A lot. So many times. And that's as nothing compared to how many times the same omnipresent local has informed me about the importance of doing notice board missions. When your game is this enormous, and you know the player is going to encounter the same situations so many times, record a hundred, five hundred different lines. Have it so the chances of hearing the same line twice are remote. Why not? Serious, every developer except for Valve – why not? It's more money, but you're already spewing that through your nostrils, so just keep the actors in the recording booths a little longer. It makes the difference between a believable world, and an arcade game.
And that goes for the actual barks, too. Perhaps I have rubbish ears, but I'm fairly sure dogs sound the same as dingoes in every detail, while snakes and komodo dragons are entirely indistinguishable. A lot more effort could have been put in all round here, and it would have made a distinct difference. It's an area games seem hellbent on putting too little effort into, and it becomes a real bruise on Far Cry 3.
Again, there are many other things to lament. Not least “leaving mission area” nonsense in an open world game. How about you let me leave the mission and come back to it – you're so damned insistent on my only having one save that it shouldn't be a problem for you to remember where I got to. And why? Why limit the mission area? What are the consequences of my stepping over this imaginary line? It's gone so far away from the tedium of the current generation of manshooters, so why does this ghost of their wretchedness still haunt it? Oh, poker – in poker the blinds go up, Ubi – it's what stops head up being as madly stupid as it is in your otherwise oddly decent poker games. And what the heck is up with the skinning? Leaving an animal with all its skin on, and taking an amorphous fleshy mound of its insides, is not skinning. It's weird, and it makes no sense, and how did no one at Ubisoft Montreal mention this? Unless that's what tigers thinking skinning is – it really is the only sensible explanation.
Ray Wise confirms his participation in all episodes.
Fans have been patiently waiting for more information on the highly anticipated “Twin Peaks” revival. Few details are known about what's to be expected, but now we have a couple more to add to the list. During the San Diego Comic-Con panel for “Batman: The Killing Joke,” Ray Wise, who portrayed Leland Palmer in the original series, mentioned that the revival will be released by Showtime in the summer of 2017 — a time frame that hasn't been confirmed by the network.
He also stated that there would be a total of 18 episodes, all to be directed by David Lynch, and that he would be in all of them. The number of episodes does match the number listed on IMDB.
READ MORE: ‘Twin Peaks' Cast: Who's Making It Back To The Show & Which Notable Cast Members Won't Be Returning
Wise will reprise his role of Palmer, who in the original series was a well-known and respected attorney in the town of Twin Peaks. After his daughter Laura is murdered, his life begins to crumble.
The new series boasts an impressive cast of 217 actors, with most of the original cast members returning. There is also a slew of new faces: Amanda Seyfried, Michael Cera, Naomi Watts and many more. You can see the full list here.
READ MORE: ‘Twin Peaks' Full Cast Revealed: Amanda Seyfried, Michael Cera & Over 200 More Join David Lynch Show
The “Twin Peaks” revival will be Lynch's first project for film or TV since 2006's “Inland Empire.” Check out the teaser trailer below:
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our email newsletter here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Pep Guardiola is set to give Phil Foden, one of English football's most talented teenagers, his Manchester City debut in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Guardiola made a glowing assessment of Manchester City's 17-year-old prodigy, adding that he must be ready for a call 'because sometimes the manager makes surprises'.
It raised the prospect of a first-team debut against Feyenoord.
The move would not be a surprise to those around City, some of whom were beating down Roberto Mancini's door five years ago to tell him what a prospect they owned.
Pep Guardiola hinted Manchester City prodigy Phil Foden may be ready for a first team call up
The 17-year-old midfielder could be in line to face Feyenoord in the Champions League
Guardiola is a huge fan of U17 World Cup winner Foden and praised him in his press conference
MATCH FACTS Manchester City are one of only three teams (alongside Manchester United and PSG) to boast a 100 per cent record in the Champions League this term — winning all four games.
Foden's introduction has been coming for some time and is a real shot in the arm for City's academy. So, too, the emergence of Brahim Diaz, nine months his senior, who has a 10-minute League Cup cameo to his name.
Both have a chance of minutes after Guardiola left Feyenoord manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst guessing exactly how much he was shuffling City's team. The Premier League leaders have already qualified for February's last-16 stage.
'What I saw in pre-season, in training, in the Under 17 World Cup, they are ready,' Guardiola said. 'Otherwise they would not be training here every day with us.
'They have to have quality to train with us. It's not just to have fun or be gentle. They are there because they have a chance to play. If they play or don't play depends on my decision, but they have to be ready.'
Foden has been touted as a rising star in City's academy ever since his early teen years
Guardiola was enthused by Foden within weeks of watching the Under 18s train last season, telling friends the Stockport-born midfielder is a name to remember. He was a substitute in a Champions League match against Celtic this time last year and has sat on three Premier League benches since August.
Strikingly, though, excitement surrounding Foden dates back to Mancini's time here. Mancini was made aware of a scrawny kid waltzing his way through academy matches long before he left in 2013. He is a playmaker who even then, just into his teens, created a buzz.
His impending debut comes after he was named player of the tournament as England lifted the Under 17 World Cup in India and just last week he was handed the Rising Star award at the North West Football Awards.
Foden picked that up wearing trainers with his suit, an act almost as impish as nutmegging a journalist after training in Houston during the summer tour of America.
Guardiola said Foden will have to earn a place ahead of the likes of Kevin De Bruyne on merit
'The skills are there, the quality is there,' Guardiola added. 'Phil and Brahim live for the profession. We can help them with speed because the lack of time to take a decision is higher so Phil has to fight duels against Kevin De Bruyne, against Fernandinho, against David Silva.'
Guardiola also revealed that Sergio Aguero and Gabriel Jesus will have their own duel in the battle to become City's main man in attack.
The absence of left back Benjamin Mendy, recovering from a cruciate knee ligament injury, dictates the pair cannot play alongside each other.
'Sergio is so tough. So is Gabriel,' Guardiola said. 'Now is the toughest decision because both with their different qualities they deserve to play. When you have Mendy, he can play wide and the winger can go inside. Fabian Delph cannot do that. Without Mendy, Leroy Sané has to go wide, which is why they don't play together.'
Is there a way out of the present impasse over healthcare? On Friday, President Trump suggested one – abolish Obamacare today and replace it later. While we wholeheartedly support the first step, we part company with the president on the second. The only workable replacement, we believe, is no replacement at all.
Instead, we propose doing away with all government-supplied healthcare – indeed with health insurance altogether. If you want to purchase medical or related treatments, then you may do so out of your own pocket. No insurance company or government will help or hinder the process.
Our proposal is exceptional in its simplicity and modesty. It finds solid support in our Constitution, which guarantees fundamental rights such as freedom of speech and gun ownership, but clearly makes no mention of a right to healthcare.
And while our Declaration of Independence proclaims our rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, it does not guarantee success in that pursuit. Since health is one component of happiness, all citizens certainly have a right to pursue their good health – but the government is under no obligation to help them.
Indeed, many things are necessary for happiness: meaningful work, a sense of purpose, friendships, loving relationships. Is the government responsible for providing any of these things to citizens? Clearly not. Why should the matter be any different with regards to good health?
What are the practical consequences of our proposal? The astute reader will no doubt ask whether this proposal means that those who are not wealthy will sicken and perish from treatable diseases. The answer is clearly, yes. And yet much will depend on the choices that our fellow citizens make.
We expect that even less affluent Americans will choose to treat potentially life-threatening bacterial infections with antibiotics, a highly effective and generally affordable remedy. When it comes to more expensive treatments – such as dialysis for those suffering from kidney failure – many families will no doubt conclude that the cost is simply too great and exceeds the anticipated benefit. A perfectly rational choice in our minds.
Our modest proposal also has the advantage of creating exactly the right incentives to stimulate our citizens and our economy – that is, to make America truly great again.
For example, millions of our fellow citizens fret about the threat to life posed by gun violence. But those who die from firearms are a minuscule number compared to those who die of disease. Making health and longevity dependent on the ability to pay will encourage all Americans to focus their energies on actions most likely to extend a disease-free life – like finding productive, remunerative work.
In addition to elegantly solving our healthcare crisis, our proposal also promises to resolve our immigration and refugee problems. Our present healthcare system, though lagging behind those of all other first world nations, is still good enough to appear attractive to foreigners fleeing economic hardship, civil war, or persecution. However, once it becomes known that if you cannot afford medical treatment here you will sicken, suffer, and soon die, pressures on immigration will quickly subside.
Finally, as our current struggling immigrant population rapidly falls ill and dies for lack of medical care, pressure on our political institutions will also be quickly relieved. No longer will we have to build a costly and politically divisive wall.
Just what the doctor ordered!
It's a point long since accepted as truth that without Joss Whedon's groundbreaking (and ground-opening) Buffy The Vampire Slayer, we'd probably have no Twilight movies, no Vampire Diaries TV and certainly no True Blood, now entering its final season.
“I had never seen Buffy The Vampire Slayer,” reveals True Blood Season 7-star Kristin Bauer van Straten, speaking exclusively to SciFiNow, “so I'm going back and I'm watching that now.
“I can't help but see the parallels and think that without Buffy, I'm not sure there would have been True Blood.”
Bauer van Straten, who plays the scene-stealing Pam, clearly sees HBO's scandalous supernatural soap as a similarly high watermark and not an lacklustre imitator, and she hopes that True Blood has the same incredible legacy as Whedon's genre gamechanger.
“We can't help but notice on True Blood that there's yet another vampire show happening,” continues the star without naming names.
“It's definitely opened the door again to this arena that's been around for a long time and I hope that in 20 years time that people are [still] being forced to watch the DVDs.
“For 20 years my friends have been saying, ‘You haven't seen Buffy what's wrong with you?!' I hope that happens to True Blood.”
True Blood Season 7 is airing now on HBO in the US and from 7 July 2014 on FOX in the UK. Pick up True Blood Season 5 on DVD for £28.75 or Blu-ray for £36 from Amazon.co.uk.
If we are going to defeat the satanic and Islamic takeover of the country, then Christians are going to have to commit themselves to civil disobedience and defy any anti-Christian laws that are imposed on the Church.
In Florida, the government took out a Nativity scene and, in its place, put a satanic idol from some satanic cult that praised the devil. No one did anything about it, except one tenacious Christian woman named Suzan Hemeryck. She is a true Christian militant who is willing to put everything on the line for Jesus Christ. She did not stand to watch our Lord be mocked. She opened her Bible, and the first passage that met her eyes was the story of Christ taking up a whip and driving out the thieves who prostituted His Father's Temple. It was at this moment that she knew what to do. She went to the idol, and as Gideon defied the Midianites by toppling the altar of Baal, Suzan took down the satanic idol.
She was arrested and put in jail for several hours. After her release, she was flooded with malicious and vindictive emails and messages from devil worshippers. Her name was all over the media, and she received the scorn of even supposed Christians (Shoebat.com praised her actions as courageous). On top of this, it only got worse: she was fired from her job, and her landlady kicked her out of the property she was renting.
This is a woman who has been persecuted in America! Shoebat.com contacted Suzan and interviewed her to get her side of the story. She has not given up, even with all of the loss she has suffered. After all she has gone through, she still strives to fight the satanic agenda. This woman is a modern day Jael, putting the nail on the devil's head and hammering it right in! We need to support Suzan, to help her as she struggles with the loss that she has so suffered.
She is a fellow warrior — a Christian militant — and not a useless servant. She risked everything, and being poor in spirit, she has gained everything. “For what profit is it to a man if he gains the whole world, and loses his own soul?” (Matthew 16:26) But we, as her fellow Christians, are obligated to help her, we must follow that command of Christ: “strengthen thy brethren.” (Luke 22:32)
PLEASE CLICK HERE TO MAKE A DONATION THAT WILL STRENGTHEN SUZAN HEMERYCK, A PERSECUTED CHRISTIAN IN AMERICA
Here is the video of the interview that we did of Suzan:
For all of you Christians who say that what Suzan did was “not Christ like,” go read of how Christ physically drove out the thieves from the Temple; read of how Moses slew an Egyptian to rescue his countryman; read of how Gideon toppled the altar of Baal; read of how Mattathias slew the pagans who tried to force the Israelites to worship pagan gods; read of how the three Hebrews refused to worship the golden image; read of how Elijah defied Jezebel; read of how St. Paul insulted the idols of the Roman state and refused to bow down to Caesar; read of how Our Lord Himself defied tyranny when He mightily hung from the Cross!
If you have no defiance in your spirit, if your heart is absent of any desire to rebel against the principalities of darkness in this world, then you do not love Christ. “For whoever desires to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for My sake will find it.” (Matthew 16:25)
This Christian warrior has lost her home and her job, and we as Christians cannot just sit around and say: “Depart in peace, be warmed and filled,” (James 2:15-16) rather we are to “be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves.” (James 1:22)
Let us help this strong sister in Christ.
Source
AUSTIN, Texas (TRIBUNE) -- A hotly contested legislative session in 2015 led to two controversial gun laws: One that allows for the open carry of handguns and another that permits the concealed carry of handguns on Texas college campuses.
Now, one lawmaker is looking toward the upcoming legislative session with the hope to pass a bill that would give all Texans the right to openly carry a firearm — with or without a permit.
House Bill 375 — authored by State Rep. Jonathan Stickland, R-Bedford — is known as “constitutional carry” and it would make the licensing process and classes to obtain a permit optional. The idea, according to Stickland, is that Texans shouldn't be forced to take a course and pay a fee to exercise their Second Amendment rights. If passed, Texas would be the 11th state to allow constitutional carry.
A number of Texas Democrats oppose the proposal. State Rep. Donna Howard, D-Austin, a critic of both the campus carry and open carry laws, said constitutional carry "seems to be an unnecessary thing."
Sign-up for the #HTown Rush Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the #HTownRush Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
And Moms Demand Action, a group that advocates for tighter gun control, will fight the constitutional carry proposal, according to a spokeswoman, Nicole Golden of Austin. Under Stickland's bill, there would be no way to tell whether people carrying handguns in public have a permit or have been trained, she said.
“That obviously concerns those of us who live and raise our families in Texas,” said Golden, a mother of two.
Last session, the Legislature made Texas the 45th state to allow the open carry of handguns. Senate Bill 17 — which took effect in January 2016 — allows roughly 826,000 handgun license holders to openly carry their weapons in a hip or shoulder holster. Currently, Texans who choose to carry are required to have a permit. According to Stickland, however, this shouldn't be the case.
“Carrying a firearm is a big personal responsibility, and taking a couple of classes for a couple of hours doesn't mean you're necessarily ready to carry,” said Stickland. “For most gun owners, they put more time and training into it than the state mandates. We just think it's time to restore the constitutional rights to Texas.”
Through spokeswoman Ciara Matthews, Gov. Greg Abbott declined to comment on whether he'd support a constitutional carry bill. In a statement to The Texas Tribune, however, Matthews said the governor “will always consider legislation aimed at preserving our right to keep and bear arms.” Abbott previously advocated for Texans who wanted to openly carry to go through the same training and background checks as concealed handgun license holders.
Stickland has a track record of championing pro-gun legislation. During the last legislative session, he supported open carry and authored House Bill 195, a constitutional carry bill that never received a committee hearing. Stickland said he's hopeful HB 375 won't suffer the same fate since both open carry and campus carry are now law.
“I think the next logical step for gun rights is to pass this bill,” said Stickland.
And Stickland is not alone among lawmakers wanting to make handguns easier for Texans to obtain and purchase. Within the first month of bill filing for the 2017 legislative session, state Sen. Robert Nichols, R-Jacksonville, and state Rep. Dustin Burrows, R-Lubbock, each filed bills that would eliminate any fees needed to obtain a license to carry. Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick said in a Nov. 30 news release he “strongly support[s]” Nichols' legislation — Senate Bill 16 — and his “dedication and leadership to further support Second Amendment Rights."
"Texas has one of the highest license to carry fees in the country,” Patrick wrote of the roughly $140 Lone Star State residents must pay for an application fee, assuming they don't qualify for discounts. “SB 16 will make lawful carry more affordable for law abiding citizens across the state. No Texan should be deprived of their right to self-protection because of onerous licensing fees imposed by the state.”
Patrick's words were echoed by Abbott's spokeswoman, who said in a statement that Texas shouldn't impose a fee on those wanting to obtain a license to carry.
“The governor believes Texans shouldn't have to pay a price to exercise their Second Amendment rights, and he looks forward to signing legislation that will achieve that goal,” said Matthews.
Meanwhile, Democrats have filed bills such as Howard's House Bill 391, which would allow public universities to opt out of the campus carry law. Currently, only private colleges are given that option.
"I think it's pretty telling that all but one — and that was a very small — private university opted to not have guns on campus because they determined that was not in the best interest of their campus," said Howard, referring to Amberton University in in the Dallas area.
Stickland told the Tribune he's expecting a lot of attention surrounding his constitutional carry bill and that several lawmakers have already reached out and pledged their support.
“I know there are going to be thousands of people making phone calls this session about this bill specifically,” said Stickland. “But I don't think there's a Republican in the state of Texas who wants to go back home and explain a no vote on constitutional carry when it's in our platform and an overwhelming majority of the grassroots Republican voters want it."
Updated Friday, Nov. 13 at 2 p.m. with a statement from Citizenship and Immigration.
Thursday morning Meb Rashid saw a woman severely traumatized after years of an abusive relationship.
Before that, an HIV/AIDS patient with dangerously low CD4 count; a pregnant victim of sexual violence.
They all needed treatment. None had coverage.
Rashid, medical director of Toronto's Crossroads Clinic, has spent much of the past three years devising convoluted workarounds to get sick people care.
Canada's new Liberal government is scrambling to make good on an election promise to bring in 25,000 refugees by the end of the year — a tall order by any measure.
The government reiterated this commitment following a Thursday cabinet meeting but offered no new details on how this will happen.
Immigration and Refugee Minister John McCallum told CTV he doesn't know when the government will fully restore health care.
“I don't know if it will be on the Parliamentary agenda before Christmas,” he said.
WATCH: Immigration Minister John McCallum told reporters in Ottawa on Thursday that the Liberal government is still ‘committed to bringing 25,000 refugees to Canada by the end of the year.'
“Certain things will happen quickly in a few months, if not a few weeks. And one of those is refugee healthcare. We will restore it,” a Citizenship and Immigration spokesperson said in a Friday afternoon email attributed to McCallum.
In the meantime, refugees and refugee claimants already in Canada still can't get health care.
It means sick people get sicker, end up in emergency rooms and cost the system more; it means infectious diseases fester because people without coverage delay treatment.
And it means resettlement services and health clinics are especially strained even as Canada prepares to welcome a massive influx of newcomers in need.
“To be fair, they've been a government for, what? Seven days, now? And I imagine they're fully overwhelmed,” Rashid said.
“We applaud them for such an ambitious project. But we certainly agree that the [refugee health] cuts should be resolved before they bring people here.”
Last week Citizenship, reiterated his party's pledge to restore the Interim Federal Health Program, which the previous Conservative government cut in 2012.
Last year a court called the cuts “cruel and unusual” and ordered their reversal; the Conservatives appealed, arguing the cuts took “gold-plated” health care away from “bogus” refugee claimants.
Coverage still hasn't been restored. Ontario, Quebec and other provinces stepped in with stopgap health programs of their own but the resulting patchwork has proven so confusing for health practitioners, who are sometimes required to submit the same invoice to multiple Blue Cross departments in order to get paid, that refugees who should be covered still don't get care.
REFUGEE HEALTH CUTS: Even those who qualify get turned away
That leaves vulnerable people without care when they need it most — bad for sick refugee claimants but also bad for the wider population, Rashid says.
About five per cent of the people at the clinic where he works have Hepatitis B; as many as 30 per cent have intestinal parasites. Tuberculosis and Hep C are also concerns.
“It doesn't serve refugees and it doesn't serve communities receiving refugees,” he said.
“We've put together a lot of workarounds. We've found ways to get people lab tests and ultrasounds.
“But not everyone comes through our clinic. … You don't know who you're missing.”
Because of ongoing confusion around who's covered for what kind of care and who isn't, Rashid said, a restoration of full health care would also need to be accompanied by a robust communication strategy to get a clear message across.
If all 25,000 new Syrian refugees are government-sponsored, they should be covered, regardless. If they're privately sponsored or if they're brought to Canada on temporary permits, Rashid says, they may not be.
Rashid says he knows both McCallum and Health Minister Jane Philpott. And he's confident they're working toward a solution.
“I can't imagine better people to address the issue of [refugee health] cuts,” he said.
But “we were hoping, maybe optimistically, that it could be done in the first few days. And it hasn't. … “We don't know what's taking so long.”
WATCH: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says bringing a large number of refugees should be seen as an “opportunity”:
Equity crowdfunding platform Fig announced that for the first time every one of its projects has turned a profit for investors.
Fig mixes traditional rewards-based crowdfunding with equity investment and is not limited to accredited investors. Truly anyone can invest in its games, which so far have included high-profile titles such as Psychonauts 2, Wasteland 3 and Phoenix Point. The platform showed tremendous growth in 2016, picking up the slack from Kickstarter which saw a precipitous decline in the video game category.
Fig's first game to turn a profit is called Kingdoms and Castles, a city-building game that met its funding goal in January of this year. Developer Lion Shield says they were inspired by games like Sim City, Banished and Stronghold. Fans were on board and funded the project to the tune of more than $108,000 on a $15,000 ask. The finished game launched July 20 on Steam, where 82 percent of owner reviews are favorable.
Fig says that Kingdoms and Castles generated over $1 million in sales after just two weeks after launch and will continue to pay out for the next three years. Investors received twice their money back, or a 100 percent return on their investment.
“Today we proved that community publishing is a successful way to launch a video game,” said Justin Bailey, CEO and founder of Fig. “By sharing the commercial success of a specific project with supporters, community publishing shifts the focus from that of just successfully funding games to instead focus on the successful development and commercial viability of the titles.”
After its launch in Aug. 2015, Fig spent most of 2016 in a series of negotiations with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). It was finally given the green light to accept non-accredited investment in September.
Sheriff Pamela Ellott (Facebook)
A so-called “constitutional” sheriff is accused of intimidating Democrats and Latinos in her Texas county — which has been thrown into political turmoil since her 2012 election.
Sheriff Pamela Elliott has created an atmosphere of paranoia in Edwards County that causes her opponents to gather fearfully in “safe houses” to air their complaints, reported Alex Hannaford for the Texas Observer.
Elliott is a member of the Constitutional Sheriffs and Peace Officers Association (CSPOA), a right-wing coalition that encourages members to disobey laws they don't think are constitutional.
She put out a “standby order for volunteers” during the 2014 standoff at Bundy ranch, which was supported by CSPOA co-founder Richard Mack — a former Arizona sheriff who suggested the anti-government militants use women and children as human shields during the armed confrontation with federal agents over unpaid grazing fees.
Elliott appears on the cover of Mack's 2014 book, Are You A David?, which promotes his right-wing, anti-government agenda.
Hannaford found few Edwards County residents who were willing to be quoted by name out of fear the sheriff would retaliate.
“I've been told to install a camera in my vehicle just in case something happens,” said one man, who would not allow his name to be used in print. “People here, officials included, are very wary of the sheriff.”
Some of the sheriff's opponents who agreed to be named told Hannaford tales of intimidation and retribution by the sheriff and her allies.
Local Democrats, who are greatly outnumbered in the county, said Elliott pushed her way into one of the party's executive committee meetings in 2014, as an “angry mob” of county employees and the sheriff's supporters waited outside a private home where the meeting took place.
“I was shocked that she was in uniform but wasn't doing anything to control the crowd, keep the peace, or protect them or us,” wrote Caroline Ramirez in a complaint filed with state officials. “She seemed to be encouraging the mob. I wanted to call someone, but I had no idea who I should call if the head of our law enforcement is part of the problem.”
David Velky, the superintendent of the county's Rocksprings Independent School District, chafed at the sheriff's efforts to involve law enforcement in school disciplinary matters — which he said made an enemy of Elliott.
The superintendent and Elliott have sparred verbally through the media, and Velky said the sheriff recently flagged down two school board members as they were driving and ordered them to vote against his contract renewal.
“This is while she's in uniform,” Velky told Hannaford. “I try not to be a conspiracy theorist, but I concluded this person either has some innate dislike for me or mistrust.”
The superintendent said Elliott's close relationship with Rick Light, the leader of the local Edwards Plateau Rangers militia group, causes him to fear for his physical safety.
Velky said he believes Elliott and Light are trying to take over county institutions so they can establish their own right-wing fiefdom.
“I believe the plan is to get rid of me and certain board members in order to take control of the school,” Velky said. “I think they want control over the hiring of the teachers and staff members. I think they want to be able to bypass the procedural safeguards of the law — to arrest people without the grand jury, to bring charges without consulting the district attorney, to decide who is on the grand jury.”
That laundry list of “posse comitatus” aims matches up with rhetoric promoted by Mack and acted out by Ammon Bundy and other anti-government extremists.
Elliott has attempted to impose her right-wing agenda by intimidating Latino voters and elected officials — including her September arrest of Mayor Pauline Gonzales on public corruption charges.
The mayor's husband performed $4,500 in remodeling work for the city, and she was indicted on four counts of official misconduct — although Gonzales claims she did nothing wrong.
Elliott accused a former mayor, who is also Latino, of lowering the sewer rates for friends and family — a claim the former mayor said could be disproven.
Rachel Gallegos, the former mayor, said Elliott sent her deputies into polling places in Hispanic neighborhoods during the 2014 midterm elections — and she said the intimidation tactic worked on older voters.
“They just said ‘Oh, they'll come after me — they'll go after my children, my grandchildren, it'll just cause trouble,'” Gallegos said. “The elderly are easily intimidated.”
Gallegos said she called Elliott to complain, and the sheriff said it was none of her business.
The sheriff's office accused Gallegos' niece of voter fraud in September, saying the 42-year-old Reneé Gallegos-Johnson illegally voted in Edwards County, where she grew up, owns a home and plans to retire, despite working in Louisiana.
Gallegos-Johnson requested and received a voter registration ID from the county, and she said an attorney with the state attorney general's office told her she had not committed any offense.
“I think my last name must have screamed so loudly that I caught her attention,” she said.
Elliott also has a history of arresting Hispanic suspects on flimsy evidence, as both sheriff and as a police in Maricopa County, Arizona — where CSPOA co-founder and “birther” conspiracy theorist Joe Arpaio serves as sheriff.
“That's why the DA won't take a lot of her cases — she's a very intelligent woman and doesn't want to go to court and have the cases thrown out,” said Jay Adams, who worked for decades in the Edwards County Sheriff's Office.
Adams told Hannaford the evidence that led to four arrests in a cold case murder was ridiculous, and those charges were eventually thrown out.
“I read the affidavit and it's written on an almost eighth-grade level,” Adams said. “You can tell it wouldn't float.”
Elliott is running for re-election in November, but she faces a tough Democratic challenger in fellow military veteran Jon Harris — as well as a possible campaign finance violation.
She's accused of illegally accepting campaign contributions and making campaign expenditures to herself before appointing a campaign treasurer — but she's carrying on with a Sarah Palin-esque appeal to voters.
“It's no secret that I do not conform with any scripted expectations of ‘the political game' when serving as your Sheriff,” Elliott said in a campaign ad. “I will continue to serve as an Army Reserve Officer, a mother, a sister, a neighbor who is loyal to the Lord in a position that should not be politicized but as so scripted in the bible: ‘Do not pervert justice or show partiality.'”
Watch this video of Elliott describing her duties to a gathering of open carry activists:
WASHINGTON ― Federal immigration authorities arrested a 22-year-old woman in Jackson, Mississippi, on Wednesday shortly after she spoke to the media about the detention of her family. Law enforcement had initially declined to arrest Daniela Vargas, who was previously granted deportation reprieve under the Obama administration's deferred action program.
On Feb. 15, Vargas was half-asleep at home when Immigration and Custom Enforcement agents came for her family. Her father, a house painter, kissed her goodbye on his way to work and was apprehended in the driveway, Vargas told The Huffington Post last week. She says she never saw her brother, a construction worker who was also detained.
Vargas' family came to the U.S. from Argentina over 15 years ago. She'd previously had protection under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. The program now has an uncertain future under President Donald Trump.
When the agents arrived, Vargas had a problem: Her DACA status, which has to be renewed every two years, had expired ― and because of the high cost of renewal, $495, her application had only been received on Feb. 10. (Vargas provided HuffPost with a copy of her receipt.) Scared, Vargas went into her house, locked the door and hid in a closet for hours while she sobbed and called her mother. Eventually, she says, ICE agents forced their way in with a warrant, guns raised. The house was searched ― officers had previously found a gun, which Vargas said the family owned for protection ― and she was handcuffed. As local news reporters arrived, she was eventually released.
Agents declined to arrest Vargas at that time, she told HuffPost. Her father and brother were sent to a detention center in Louisiana, where they now await deportation. (An ICE spokesperson at the time described their detention as routine enforcement.)
When Vargas last spoke to HuffPost, in an email on Tuesday, she said she was scared she was being watched, and was moving around because she was “afraid to stay in one spot and be taken back to Argentina.”
Vargas told local news outlets about her story. On Wednesday, she spoke at a news conference organized by local immigration advocates to highlight immigrants' contributions to the community, according to her attorney, Abby Peterson. Afterward, she was pulled over and arrested, and is now being processed by immigration authorities.
“It could be retaliation,” Peterson said. “They had been reading about her in the news, they had seen her at this press conference... [maybe] they didn't want to hear it anymore. Maybe I'm mistaken on that, but common sense would certainly imply that's what happened.” Peterson said that Vargas did not have a criminal record, but had minor traffic offenses.
An ICE official said on Wednesday that Vargas was not initially taken into custody on Feb. 15 because she claimed she had DACA status ― but ICE subsequently verified that she did not.
Vargas was taken into custody on Wednesday during a “targeted immigration enforcement action,” the official said. A federal immigration judge will now determine whether she is eligible for immigration relief.
Under DACA, undocumented immigrants who entered the U.S. before the age of 16 can receive two-year work authorization permits. So far, more than 750,000 so-called Dreamers, named for the failed Dream Act that would have granted them legal status, have received DACA permits. The Trump administration is still issuing new ones, although immigrant rights organizations are advising people not to enroll for the time being.
Department of Homeland Security officials claim that DACA recipients are not being targeted for deportation. But advocates point out that recipients still can be considered a priority for deportation under the Trump administration's guidance. And treatment of Dreamers has been haphazard over the past several weeks. Some people were left alone, like Vargas was initially. Others were detained and then released. A smaller number were arrested and remain in detention.
“It's like a roll of the dice,” said Gregory Chen, advocacy director for the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “If the officer who picks you up along with other family members thinks, ‘You're an OK kid, we're going to let you go,' maybe you're OK. But if somebody sees it a different way, you could be subject to enforcement.”
DACA was never a complete guarantee of safety from deportation, and it can be revoked in certain cases, like if an individual is convicted of a felony or multiple misdemeanors or poses a threat to national security or public safety. About 1,500 people have lost their DACA status because of criminal convictions or gang affiliations, according to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly. But immigrant rights advocates say it's highly unusual for ICE to detain or pursue deportation of DACA recipients who still have valid, current authorization.
Trump has spoken in sympathetic terms about Dreamers and is maintaining the program, but his policies still put DACA recipients at risk, said Julieta Garibay, deputy advocacy director with the undocumented youth-led organization United We Dream. Trump said he would grant ICE agents more discretion to do what they want, rather than constraining them by telling them to focus on specific types of cases, and he has defined his own priorities so broadly that nearly any undocumented immigrant could be included.
“Even though the executive order doesn't say ‘Oh, we're going to go get DACA-mented folks,' it is,” Garibay said. “If you're going to deport anyone who has committed ‘fraud,' that's every single undocumented person... For them to be like ‘Oh, no, but we're not attacking DACA-mented folks' ― it's ridiculous.”
Garibay pointed to the case of Daniel Ramirez Medina, a DACA recipient whom ICE arrested last month while agents were looking for someone else. Medina passed background checks for DACA twice, but ICE officials said after arresting him that he is a “self-admitted gang member” ― something Medina's lawyers say is untrue. He remains in detention as lawyers fight for his release in a federal court and immigration court.
Customs and Border Protection arrested DACA recipient Jesus Alonso Arreola Robles, 22, while he was driving with a 17-year-old boy about a mile from the U.S.-Mexico border last month. Officials said they suspected him of trying to smuggle someone into the U.S. illegally. He also remains in ICE custody.
Other DACA recipients were arrested by ICE but then released. ICE agents picked up Josué Romero, a 19-year-old Dreamer in San Antonio, for alleged possession of two ounces or fewer of marijuana, a misdemeanor. Romero had a prior order of removal from 2004, according to ICE officials, although he received DACA authorization years later in spite of it. He said later that ICE put him on a van to be deported to Honduras, but then released him.
Edwin Romero, a 26-year-old DACA recipient, spent a night in jail last month because ICE asked police in Richardson, Texas, to detain him after an arrest for outstanding traffic warrants. He was eventually released from the jail before going into ICE custody.
Both cases received public attention that Amy Fischer, policy director with the advocacy group RAICES, said was crucial to each man's release.
“ICE's essential policy is they're going to try it and try to get away with it, and unless they're held to task they're just going to deport whoever they want to deport, even if the person is supposed to have reprieve from deportation,” Fischer said.
Vargas will be sent to Louisiana for detention, her attorney said, noting that when she told authorities about the pending DACA case, it didn't make a difference.
Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) tweeted Wednesday afternoon that he was in touch with DHS to get more information about Vargas' case. “Disturbing that ICE may have followed her from an immigration press conference,” Durbin said.
Before she was arrested, Vargas told HuffPost she was saving money to go back to school, where she wanted to study to be a math professor.
“We weren't here doing any harm,” she said. “We were just going to work and going to school. I feel like I belong here... I feel like I am an American.”
Another cable company merger was announced today, but it won't be completed unless the government allows Comcast to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC).
Charter Communications plans to buy Bright House Networks for $10.4 billion, but the deal is contingent on Comcast's big merger. That's because Charter itself has a stake in Comcast/TWC; Charter stands to gain 1.4 million subscribers from Time Warner Cable in exchange for $7.3 billion. Comcast would also divest itself of 2.5 million subscribers with the spinoff of a new cable company called GreatLand Connections.
If the Comcast/TWC and Charter/Bright House mergers go through, Charter would end up as the second biggest cable operator in the US behind Comcast.
But all these deals could now be stopped if the Federal Communications Commission or Department of Justice blocks Comcast's purchase of Time Warner Cable. The Charter/Bright House merger "is subject to several conditions, including Charter shareholder approval, the expiration of Time Warner Cable's right of first offer for Bright House, the close of Charter's previously announced transactions with Comcast and regulatory approval," the merger announcement says.
Charter today is the fourth largest cable operator in the country (behind Comcast, TWC, and Cox) with 5.1 million Internet subscribers and 4.3 million pay-TV subscribers. Bright House is the sixth largest cable company with 2.5 million customers who subscribe to one or more of its services in Florida, Alabama, Indiana, Michigan, and California, according to the Charter/Bright House merger announcement.
(Bright House is owned by the Advance/Newhouse Partnership, which is part of Advance Publications. Advance Publications owns Condé Nast, which owns Ars Technica.)
Though Advance/Newhouse would give up control of Bright House, it would end up owning 26.3 percent of Charter (or "New Charter," as the announcement calls it). Charter would retain control of the other 73.7 percent.
The government's review of Comcast/Time Warner Cable is expected to last through the middle of this year.
(CNN) In the final weeks of the campaign as Donald Trump fuels questions concerning voting irregularities, a case in Indiana -- the home turf of the GOP running mate Mike Pence -- perfectly frames the current debate on voter fraud.
On the one side of the controversy are those who say they are working to protect the integrity of the election. On the other side are their opponents who allege that some of those efforts are really a veiled attempt to restrict the vote.
The issue in Indiana is Patriot Majority USA, a liberal group that runs the Indiana Voter Registration Program, which calls itself the largest voter registration program of African-Americans in the state. It says it submitted some 40,000 registration forms this year — until Republican officials stepped in.
"We were succeeding in registering tens of thousands of voters," said the group's president, Craig Varoga.
In early October, the Indiana State Police announced that it had expanded an earlier probe involving the group investigating forms that had missing, incomplete and incorrect information. Although the investigation started out in only a handful of counties, it expended to cover 56 of them. Police also obtained and executed a search warrant for the Indianapolis offices of the Indiana Voter Registration Project.
Pence brought up the issue while on the campaign trail in New Mexico last week.
"Voter fraud?" Pence said, "we've got that in Indiana."
Last week, Secretary of State Connie Lawson alerted the media that her office received the number of calls from voters who had voted in the May 3 primary, but found that their date of birth or first name had been changed when they went back to check their registration.
"We looked onto the Statewide Voter Registration System and noticed that there had been an unusually high number of date of birth and first name changes," the secretary of state's office told CNN last week. There are only three ways to make changes to voter registration records in the state: (1) on paper forms submitted to the county election office; (2) on paper forms submitted to the Bureau of Motor Vehicles and later sent to the county election office; or (3) online at Indianavoters.com. The secretary of state's office found that the thousands of changes in this case were made in all three ways, but officials do not believe the registration system was hacked.
"We believe this may be a case of voter fraud and have turned our findings over to the State Police, who are currently conducting an investigation into alleged voter fraud," she said.
State Police Superintendent Doug Carter said Lawson's information was "consistent" with its ongoing investigation.
"Let me be clear: Among the highest priorities of the Indiana State Police is ensuring the integrity of this election," Carter said in a statement.
The results of the investigation are unlikely to be completed before Election Day, Carter said.
Varoga and Indiana Democrats believe the actions by Carter and Lawson are politically motivated.
William Groth, who has represented Democrats in various election related issues, questions whether Carter, a Pence nominee, and Lawson, a Republican with ties to Pence, might be playing politics. "My suspicion is that this is all being ginned up by Mike Pence to support some of his running mates' claims that the system is rigged," he said.
Lawson addressed such accusations in a statement. "For anyone to suggest I am playing politics with voter registration is absurd," she said.
In an interview with WIBC Tuesday , Carter defended the investigation, noting it started with a case in Hendricks County, not from the secretary of state's office. "This will not be driven by politics. It will be driven by process and what we are expected to do legally and that's exactly what we'll do," he said.
Carter said he hasn't spoken to Pence about the probe.
"I wish people knew Mike Pence like me," Carter said. "The thought that he would come to me and make this dark, shady deal to do something that he knew was wrong is as unconscionable as anything I've ever heard in my entire adult life. I have not talked to Mike Pence about this...and I'm going to be very frank with you: the notion that he would try and influence this is crazy."
Varoga doesn't see things the same way. Patriot Majority launched a statewide campaign to raise awareness of what it called a "partisan effort to disenfranchise 45,000 new Hoosier voters, most of whom are African-American."
"This Republican effort to suppress the vote is a violation of civil rights, but it is also a dangerous and cynical move that undermines law-enforcement's relations with its own citizens," he said in a statement.
Rick Hasen, an election law expert of University of California-Irvine, stresses that in general even if there is voter registration fraud, that doesn't translate to in-person fraud at the polls.
In a recent blog post, he summed it up: "I never say voter fraud is non -existent," he said and noted that it happens occasionally with absentee ballots and that action needs to be taken to clean up voter registration rolls.
"What is extremely rare and has not affected any election we know of since the 1980's is impersonation fraud," he said.
Hasen is critical of Trump statements on the campaign trail.
"Trump is undermining our faith in democracy itself by making irresponsible claims the election could be rigged through voter impersonation fraud and urging his followers, untrained to go to polls in 'certain areas' to ferret out voter fraud," Hasen said.
Like others, Hasen is taking a wait-and-see approach on the Indiana case until Carter's investigation is complete.
"It's a puzzling case," said Marjorie Hersey, a professor at Indiana University.
"By law, any groups that register voters are required to turn in all the registrations they receive, to make sure that they don't decide to turn in only the forms of prospective voters who favor their party," she said.
It's not infrequent for a state to receive a number of inaccurate registration forms, Hersey said. She is worried that voters might hear allegations of voter fraud and be under the impression that "the old-time, cigar-chomping city 'bosses' that held power in many cities in the late 1800s and early 1900s are still alive and well."
"Once people get a colorful image in their minds, it's not easy to convince them of the reality of today's elections," she said.
Affiliate Links
I will freely admit that I'm a little obsessed with pretty interior design. Not to say my home is magazine-worthy or anything – I love my 140lb puppy, but white-on-white interiors aren't really an option with him – but I do enjoy poring over pretty pictures. The one little corner I do try to keep pretty is my vanity, because that's my ‘me time' part of the house. The only difficulty? I really don't have anywhere great to put it. I'm totally envious of all these pinterest photos I see with an entire wall of storage, loads of natural light streaming in, etc. That's just not a thing here. The bedroom unfortunately doesn't face the right direction to get good light in the morning, and I have to get up for work earlier than the husband does anyway. If the light didn't wake him up, the sound of me swearing every time I drop something or slosh my coffee surely would (can you tell I'm not a morning person?). The other spare rooms had already been claimed as the home office and workout room, with no space left over for my beauty stash.
“Why not just do your makeup in the bathroom?” you might ask. One – I'm lazy and I don't want to stand up to do it! Bad vision also means I need to be right up on the mirror, and I'm just short enough that leaning over the counter is pretty uncomfortable. Plus, storing my things in the dampest, most humid room in the house seems like a recipe for mold and bacteria (ewwwww). So the question is, where in my house can I squeeze in a small table? My answer: the walk-in master closet.
Yup, it turns out that's the perfect spot for it. After shuffling some clothes around – and doing a much-needed wardrobe purge – I had just enough space to put my desk and storage drawers in there, and it turned out there are lots of ways to take advantage of a small space.
Minimize the floor space you need
My old vanity table had legs that angled outward, which it turned out wasn't very efficient, space-wise. When I picked out a new one I decided to go with the Ikea Linnmon tabletop with the Adils legs. Even though the tabletop is a little bigger, it ends up still taking about the same amount of room since the legs are straight up and down. I opted to put my Alex drawers beside the table so I'd have a little more tabletop storage, but the great thing about Ikea furniture is it's modular – if I ever need to, I can take two legs off the table and use the drawer set as a support. As it is, it takes up about five feet by three feet.
Use that wall space (and windows not required)
Here's another angle of my setup – as you can see, it's got just enough room for me to comfortably pull my chair out, and that's really all I need. The wall space definitely isn't going to waste though. Above my vanity I've got the built-in closet shelving, where I keep purses, shoes and photo equipment. Lash curlers take up lots of drawer space, so they get their very own wall hanger (aka key hooks). I've also got a couple of floating shelves on the wall behind the table to hold odds & ends, and another key hook where I hang my necklaces.
For lighting – psh, who needs windows? My ‘sconces' (as an instagram friend called them) aren't fancy – garage work lights from the hardware store – but pop a couple of Ottlite CFLs in there and they're even better than a window. You can aim the light anywhere you want and it'll be there any time of the day. It's a great money-saving setup too – it's just as good as my Ottlite mirror (which I took to work) but about twenty bucks cheaper by the time you factor in a new non-lighted mirror (mine is a simple $10 job from TJ Maxx). And it definitely beats all the other lighted mirrors I've tried. Even the super-pricey Simplehuman mirror didn't come close to my DIY Ottlite sconces in terms of lighting quality.
Vertical storage for the win
Never underestimate the power of stackable containers. My favorites are the Muji 5-drawer acrylic cases, since they fit a surprising amount of stuff and I can easily see what all is there. That's a major plus, since it helps me make sure I don't neglect stuff that's out of sight. There are a couple sets of InterDesign acrylic drawers mixed in there too to hold the more bulky things, but I honestly don't recommend them. They're starting to show scratches and several of the handles are loose, so I'm planning to replace them with some of the large Muji drawers in the near future. Some wall shelving would add even more storage, but that wouldn't necessarily be a great idea for me – if I had more room, I'd definitely fill it up!
Surprisingly enough, even though my setup is in a relatively tiny area it still feels pretty spacious and has plenty of room to keep all my stuff. What tricks do you use to make the most of your small spaces?
For so many reasons, it's time to nip the Jeb Bush candidacy in the bud.
Allow me to unite America's left, right, and center in just three words: No, Jeb, No.
Florida's former GOP governor Jeb Bush made the obvious official this week when he announced on Facebook that he's “actively exploring” a 2016 White House run. Of course he's running. That's what inveterate politicians do.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Well, I hate to break it to Jeb Inc. There's no popular groundswell for Bush Part III. None, zip, nada. Independents, progressives, and conservatives are all weary of the entrenched bipartisan dynasties that rule Washington and ruin America. Only in the hallowed bubble of D.C. and New York City elites does a Jeb Bush presidential bid make any sense.
Jeb's indulgent (and ultimately doomed) enterprise has three privileged constituencies: Big Business, Big Government, and Big Media. This iron triumvirate explains how the failed campaigns of so-called “pragmatic,” “thoughtful,” and “moooooderate” liberal Republican candidates such as John McCain, Jon Huntsman, and Bob Dole ever got off the ground. The “Reasonable Republican,” anointed and enabled by the statist Big Three, serves as a useful tool for bashing conservatives and marginalizing conservatism.
For Republicans who argue that Jeb is the most “electable” choice, I ask: What planet are you on? After two disastrous terms of Barack Obama's Hope and Change Theater, the last thing the Republican party needs is an establishment poster child for Washington business as usual. I mean, really? A third Bush who's been working for his dad, his dad's friends, or the government since 1980?
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Beltway-ensconced scion so chummy with the Clinton family that he awarded close family friend — and potential 2016 nemesis — Hillary a “Liberty Medal” last year as chairman of the National Constitution Center?
That's the GOP donor bigwigs' “fresh idea” for “American Renewal”?
To blunt criticism from the grassroots base on the right, Jeb's cheerleaders at the Wall Street Journal cite his “conservative” gubernatorial record of cutting taxes and privatizing jobs. So we're supposed to swoon when a GOP governor acts like he's supposed to act on standard, bread-and-butter GOP issues? Whoop-de-doo.
One thing Jeb's promoters won't be emphasizing: Over the course of his eight years in the Florida governor's mansion, government spending skyrocketed. The libertarian Cato Institute notes that Florida general-fund spending “increased from $18.0 billion to $28.2 billion during those eight years, or 57 percent” and that “(t)otal state spending increased from $45.6 billion to $66.1 billion, or 45 percent.”
Advertisement
Like big-spending father, like big-spending big brother, like big-spending second son and li'l brother.
Advertisement
I have another interpretation of Bush's “conservative” Florida years: It's called biding his time. Yes, Jeb put in his obligatorily GOP service on taxes and the Second Amendment. Not because he was wedded to deep-rooted principles, mind you. But because the “conservative” facade will come in handy during the primaries when he has to defend radical, divisive positions on his two defining national-policy issues: education and immigration.
Jeb Bush's agenda is neither left nor right. His agenda is the agenda of the D.C. headquarters of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Remember: The chamber is a politically entrenched synod of bipartisan special interests. As I've said before, these fat cats do not represent the best interests of American entrepreneurs, American workers, American parents and students, or Americans of any race, class, or age who believe in low taxes and limited government.
The Chamber's business is the big business of the Beltway, not the business of mainstream America. And so is Jeb Bush's.
Advertisement
The Chamber supports mass amnesty for cheap, illegal-alien workers. Jeb Bush supports mass legalization of cheap, illegal-alien workers and accuses those of us who oppose it on constitutional, sovereignty, security, and fairness grounds of lacking “compassion.”
The Chamber supports the top-down, privacy-undermining, local-autonomy-sabotaging Common Core racket. Jeb Bush spearheaded and profited from Common Core — and accuses those of us who oppose it of opposing academic excellence for our own children. Jeb's problem isn't just Common Core. It's that he has no core. Instead of retreating from the costly federalized scheme that has alienated teachers, administrators, and parents of all backgrounds, Bush has doubled down with his Fed Ed control-freak allies and corporate donors.
The reign of Obama ushered in massive cronyism, corporate favoritism, and Boomtown boondoggles galore. We've lived too long already under the boot of arrogant D.C. bureaucrats who've exploited their power to serve their friends.
No more business as usual: Stop Jeb Bush.
Advertisement
— Michelle Malkin is the author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks and Cronies (Regnery, 2010). Her e-mail address ismalkinblog@gmail.com. © 2014 Creators.com
President Trump is reportedly working with aides Stephen Miller, Steve Bannon and GOP Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue to draw up a plan which would cut the number of legal immigrants allowed into the US by half.
From Politico, "Trump Crafting Plan to Slash Legal Immigration":
Donald Trump and his aides are quietly working with two conservative senators to dramatically scale back legal immigration — a move that would mark a fulfillment of one of the president's biggest campaign promises.
Trump plans to get behind a bill being introduced later this summer by GOP Sens. Tom Cotton of Arkansas and David Perdue of Georgia that, if signed into law, would, by 2027, slash in half the number of legal immigrants entering the country each year, according to four people familiar with the conversations. Currently, about 1 million legal immigrants enter the country annually; that number would fall to 500,000 over the next decade.
The senators have been working closely with Stephen Miller, a senior White House official known for his hawkish stance on immigration. The issue is also a central priority for Steve Bannon, the president's chief strategist, who has several promises to limit immigration scribbled on the walls of his office. I'd prefer repealing the 1965 immigration act, but this is a good start if it's combined with telling illegals "you have to go back."
From LifeZette, "Immigration Shocker: Trump Administration May Bail on DACA:
Facing the threat of a lawsuit from Texas and nine other states, the Trump administration indicated Wednesday that it may decline to defend DACA in court, a move that would likely result in the end of the program that granted amnesty to illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. when they were children.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly went up to Capitol Hill on Wednesday afternoon to address members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, telling them, according to reports, that although he personally supports the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, he can't promise that the administration will defend it if challenged.
Several members of Congress pressured Kelly in the meeting, and he responded by suggesting they work to pass a law.
Sen. Bob Menendez of New Jersey, a Cuban-American and a Democrat, told reporters after the meeting: "It's not a pretty picture."
At issue is the 2012 memorandum signed by President Barack Obama that allowed people brought to the U.S. illegally as children to apply for two-year work permits, and to be granted a reprieve from deportation. Anyone under 30 years of age who came to the U.S. illegally before the age of 16 and before June of 2007 is eligible.
The program was referred to by critics as a blanket amnesty, as it has effectively legalized more than 750,000 people who have been granted DACA status. These people have been able to live and work in the U.S. as though they were legal residents.
The Pew Research Center has estimated that another one million people already in the U.S. may qualify for DACA.
The policy led to a surge at the border in 2014 and 2015, with many families and unaccompanied minors flowing into Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico.
"Logically, it really was the signal that if you get your kids here, we'll let you stay," Ira Mehlman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform told LifeZette. Just as a reminder: mass immigration is entirely about "fundamentally transforming" America.
Census projection
White loss in population under age 20 from 2010 to 2014.
"Hispanic share of the population by county, from 1980, 1990, 2000, 2010 and 2011." [Via CityLab]
"Counties where the Hispanic population is now the largest in 1980, 1990, 2000, 2010, 2011."
Follow InformationLiberation on Twitter and Facebook.
No Object Tracking. You know that thing where a grid of little boxes shows up on the screen and one of them will turn green as the camera focuses? That's missing.
No Audio Zoom. It's still enabled in the UI, but I've patched out all the methods relating to it, as they caused crashes.
No transparent navigation bar.
No rotating navigation buttons.
Performance tuning - it's possible that this will run slower than it would on an LG ROM. The LG rom includes a class called org.codeaurora.Performance that does some kind of performance tuning. It depends on native code that's not included in AOSP, so I patched out the references to it to avoid crashing. I haven't noticed a difference, but I can't easily compare them side-by-side.
Installation
Hi guys, a few people asked me to look into porting the stock camera app over to AOSP ROMs, and I've managed to get it sorted out over the past couple of days. So far it seems to be working well, but if it crashes, let me know.There are a few missing features when running on a non-LG ROM, namely:All the missing functionality is part of LG's customizations to the system frameworks. There's a chance I might be able to add some stuff back using Xposed or Cydia Substrate, but I'm not promising anythingApart from that, everything else seems to work fine (dual camera, hdr, burst mode, etc). I haven't tested every single option, so it's possible there's broken stuff in there somewhere.For some reason, the pics from this app go into an album called "100LGDSC" instead of the "Camera" album, though that may be carrier-dependent.Just install LGCameraApp.apk and you should be good to go.Cheers!
Advertisement Police: Nun hit by car, killed Share Shares Copy Link Copy
North Charleston police have arrested and charged 25-year-old Kevin Larone Ivery in connection with the death of 71-year-old Barbara Ann Wisdom, a nun from New York.According to police, Wisdom was struck by Ivery's car at the corner of Dorchester and Ashley Phosphate Road.Ivery, of Peppercorn Lane, has a long history with breaking the law. In Monday's night's incident, he is charged as a habitual offender and driving under suspension. His bond was set at $50,000 on Tuesday. Additional charges may be added after the investigation is complete.Authorities say Wisdom was standing on the edge of Dorchester Road near the CVS Pharmacy around 7 p.m. when a Buick LeSabre, driven by Ivery, struck her. Wisdom was taken to the hospital where she later died from her injuries.According to the Dorchester Country Corner's Office, Wisdom was a nun for 25 years in New York. She moved to South Carolina two months ago. She is survived by a brother and sister who are twins.Ivery has a criminal history that dates back to 2005. In March 2006, Ivery was arrested and charged with distribution of crack cocaine with intent to distribute near a school. He was also charged with possession of a stolen pistol and unlawful carrying of a firearm. Later in 2006, he was charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature.In May 2009, Ivery was charged with hit and run with property damage. In February 2010, police charged Ivery with possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine near a school and possession of meth or cocaine base.In 2011, Ivery was arrested again in connection with a drug-related incident. According to North Charleston police, he was found in possession of a revolver that was reported stolen by police in 2009. He was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.Later in 2011, Ivery faced additional drug charges and a charge of failure to stop for blue lights.Copyright WCSC 2013. All rights reserved.
The US' only answer to terrorism is violence against violence, but that's like trying to eradicate diseases by killing patients; a more constructive approach is needed, says Jan Oberg, director of the Transnational Foundation for Peace & Future Research.
A report released under the Freedom of Information Act shows the US has been simulating an invasion of West Africa in response to an imaginary terror attack on American soil.
The latest Pentagon project was designed to train those who will manage future American wars. The terror attack scenario was played last year as part of the simulated exercise by students from the US military's war colleges.
RT: Do you have any issues with the US simulating a New York terror attack to invade Africa?
Jan Oberg: No. First of all, this is a kind of war game. … People are thinking about what the future will be like. What is really interesting is that it ends with getting stuck in Africa too, like everywhere else with all these failed wars by the US.
Secondly, it is very interesting that the African experience has to do with the fact that Libya was smashed up, and that is why we have a generation of new terrorism and the training of new terrorists in that part of the world.
Third, it is very indicative and revealing that after 16 years of fighting terrorism – ‘the global war on terror' – there is not one person in the US, who is obviously beginning to think: “Have we got things wrong the last 16 years?” Because statistics tell you the global terror problem cost 80 times more human lives today than it did in the year 2000. The main creator, today of terrorism, is ‘the war on terror' – it is not terrorists, but the ‘war on terror' – that provokes that.
‘Global strategy': #Pentagon is calling for an increase in the US military footprint in #Africahttps://t.co/kBsVx1CLuM — RT America (@RT_America) October 24, 2017
What this wargame illustrates is that the only answer the American military and political people have is tit for tat: violence against violence and this is unending. We're never going to have solved the problem of terrorism by killing terrorists. It is as stupid as it would be to say: we want to eradicate all the deceases by killing all the patients. This is such a low intellectual level that the world ought to, and Europeans and others, who might be still be able to think constructively - would ask the Americans to think differently about this type of warfare.
RT: Isn't this a surprisingly specific scenario? Is it a coincidence this simulation comes as US AFRICOM (US Africa Command,) created in 2008, is ramping up operations across the continent?
JO: It is not a coincidence. Of course, the more you are globally present, and the Americans have military-based facilities in about 130 countries. All these 130 countries – whatever happens there – will be seen as a national threat to the US. So if you go somewhere - you get resistance. The best would be to pull out, or not going there. The best would have been not to start the Iraq War. The best would have been not to destroy Libya. The best would have been not to do secret operations for five-six years in Syria. The best would have been to talk with people.
Afghan-style West Africa invasion played out in US war college drillhttps://t.co/YfinYFUWJM — RT (@RT_com) October 23, 2017
If you‘re really strong and the only dimension of power that you have is a hammer, all problems in the world will be seen as something that will be solved by means of hammers. In the end, instead of using other tools, you're ending up smashing one country after the other getting hated. That, to summarize it all, are examples of this game too, of the decreasing, or tendency to fall of the US empire. That is the unfortunate and very dangerous period we have to go through the next five to ten years. Not the US in dissolution, but the US empire must go before it can become a better world.
Share
Telltale Games' upcoming episodic take on Game of Thrones won't be a prequel. The game will tell a story that runs concurrently with the events of the HBO series, studio CEO Dan Connors confirms to Digital Trends. Telltale has the rights to adapt the cable TV series, though the team will obviously be drawing heavily from the lore established in George R.R. Martin's books as well.
“I think the show provides a timeline, but the world is huge. You're talking about the politics of an entire– it's like Europe and some other continent,” Connors said during our annual Game Developer's Conference chat. “There's so much going on and it's so rich. Every decision that King Joffrey makes impacts so many people. Any microcosm in that world [looking at how] people are affected by the decisions that are made plays out across the whole thing.”
Related: Does Telltale Games' Game of Thrones deal with the Iron Islands and strife in the north?
“The show does a great job of interpreting George R.R. Martin's work, and his work provides a huge dictionary of knowledge about what the franchise is. It's really a dream to sit down and say, ‘What's our space in this world? Where are we in this world?' And the world offers you so much to explore.”
Check out our full interview for more from Connors on all things Telltale.
Advertisement
They're thought to be some of the largest rock engravings in the world, and now scientists have mapped stunning carvings in Western Venezuela for the first time.
The engravings, known as petroglyphs, are around 2,000 years old and include depictions of animals, humans and cultural rituals.
Researchers hope that mapping the petroglyphs will shed new light into their archaeological and ethnographic context.
They're thought to be some of the largest rock engravings in the world, and now scientists have mapped stunning carvings in Western Venezuela for the first time
THE CARVINGS Eight groups of engraved rock art were recorded on five islands within the Rapids. The largest panel is 304 square metres, and contains at least 93 individual engravings, the largest of which measure several metres across. Another engraving of a horned snake measures more than 30 metres in length. In one panel surveyed, a motif of a flautist surrounded by other human figures probably depicts part of an indigenous rite of renewal. Performances coincided with the seasonal emergence of the engravings from the river just before the onset of the wet season, when the islands are more accessible and the harvest would take place.
Researchers from University College London have mapped the petroglyphs in the Atures Rapids area of Amazonas state in Venezuela.
Jesuit priests described the area as home to the native Adoles people and the rapids were a key meeting point on trading route.
Eight groups of engraved rock art were recorded on five islands within the Rapids.
The largest panel is 304 square metres, and contains at least 93 individual engravings, the largest of which measure several metres across.
Another engraving of a horned snake measures more than 30 metres in length.
The team used drones to photograph the engravings, some of which are in highly inaccessible areas.
Dr Philip Riris, lead author of the study, said: 'The Rapids are an ethnic, linguistic and cultural convergence zone.
'The motifs documented here display similarities to several other rock art sites in the locality, as well as in Brazil, Colombia, and much further afield.
'This is one of the first in-depth studies to show the extent and depth of cultural connections to other areas of northern South America in pre-Columbian and Colonial times.
Dr Philip Riris said: 'While painted rock art is mainly associated with remote funerary sites, these engravings are embedded in the everyday – how people lived and travelled in the region, the importance of aquatic resources and the seasonal rhythmic rising and falling of the water. The size of some of the individual engravings is quite extraordinary'
The engravings, known as petroglyphs, are around 2,000 years old and include depictions of animals, humans and cultural rituals
Another engraving of a horned snake measures more than 30 metres in length. The team used drones to photograph the engravings, some of which are in highly inaccessible areas
'While painted rock art is mainly associated with remote funerary sites, these engravings are embedded in the everyday – how people lived and travelled in the region, the importance of aquatic resources and the seasonal rhythmic rising and falling of the water.
'The size of some of the individual engravings is quite extraordinary.'
While the rock engravings have been studied before, this is the most detailed study of the carvings.
In one panel surveyed, a motif of a flautist surrounded by other human figures probably depicts part of an indigenous rite of renewal. Performances coincided with the seasonal emergence of the engravings from the river just before the onset of the wet season, when the islands are more accessible and the harvest would take place
Dr Philip Riris said: 'This is one of the first in-depth studies to show the extent and depth of cultural connections to other areas of northern South America in pre-Columbian and Colonial times'
Almost all of the engravings are affected by seasonally rising and falling water levels in the Orinoco.
Depending on rain upstream, the relative height of the river also varies annually by up to several metres during the extremes of both seasons.
In one panel surveyed, a motif of a flute player surrounded by other human figures probably depicts part of an indigenous rite of renewal.
Eight groups of engraved rock art were recorded on five islands within the Rapids. The largest panel is 304 square metres, and contains at least 93 individual engravings, the largest of which measure several metres across
Dr Philip Riris, lead author of the study, said: 'The Rapids are an ethnic, linguistic and cultural convergence zone. The motifs documented here display similarities to several other rock art sites in the locality, as well as in Brazil, Colombia, and much further afield'
Performances coincided with the seasonal emergence of the engravings from the river just before the onset of the wet season, when the islands are more accessible and the harvest would take place, according to the researchers.
Dr José Oliver principal investigator, said: 'Our project focuses on the archaeology of Cotúa Island and its immediate vicinity of the Atures Rapids.
Almost all of the engravings are affected by seasonally rising and falling water levels in the Orinoco. Depending on rain upstream, the relative height of the river also varies annually by up to several metres during the extremes of both seasons
'Available archaeological evidence suggests that traders from diverse and distant regions interacted in this area over the course of two millennia before European colonisation.
'The project's aim is to better understand these interactions.
'Mapping the rock engravings represents a major step towards an enhanced understanding of the role of the Orinoco River in mediating the formation of pre-Conquest social networks throughout northern South America.'
Why the heck not? Able Noser has a report out that details how just 112 stocks are responsible for 50% of the trading volume. Actually, just the top 20 stocks are responsible for 26% of the trading volume! That's all you need to know. Bots are playing with their bull bias, and therefore so should you.
More amazingly, 9 of the top 20 names by volume are ETF's! So basically, eleven stocks kind-of matter. The rest are just correlation, low-volume stat-arb stories. This is what our market has become.
But hey, we can adjust like everyone else! We are rolling a new stock screening product out, called Themis Total Tally (TTT), and it does away with all the noise you encounter every day watching terminals that have green and red numbers, as well as alerts with cutesy sounds that go off. No, TTT is totally different and cuts to the crux. It is a widget that you have on your desk top (actually we are making an i-Pad APP for it as well), which just has those eleven stocks detailed in a chart, with all the relevant data pertaining to those stocks: the symbol, the name of the stock, the volume, and where you are in the queue for a rebate. Price is irrelevant so we leave that out. Obviously P/E is also irrelevant so we leave that out as well. And to navigate between stocks to get the important data that we include, you just roll around a click wheel. So, if you are interested in this product, please call 1-800 TTT-DOPE; our operators are standing by.
By the way, the Fed can't like the chart immediately below, as it its shows the 10yr yield rising and sitting against its 50day moving average. Hundreds of billions of dollars have poured into bond and bond mutual funds. And now rates are rising and prices are falling. Great… more wealth destruction for the masses.
Futures are trading off just a bit this morning, and overseas are markets can be best described as flattish. The DJ Euro STOXX, FTSE, CAC, and DAX are all little changed, as are Japan, China, Hong Kong, and India. Interestingly enough, Japan is off just a tad because S&P is warning that the country's credit quality is sinking, and this is offset by a large margin victory for PM Kan. European economic data was weaker than expected. So coming in to today we have a whole lot of “Meh”. Have fun in the first and last 45 minutes.
Where we left off 4:00pm EST:
DJIA 10,544.13 +81.36
S&P500 1,121.91 +12.35
NASDAQ 100 2,285.71 +43.23
Futures now at 5:30am EST:
DJIA 10,448.00 -24
S&P500 1,112.90 -2.9
NASDAQ 100 1,910.50 -6.25
Key Data out today:
08:30: Advance Retail Sales
10:00: Business Inventories
Since the prior close, some key stories:
– SEC reconsiders its stock-trading crusade (Bloomberg story).
– Lockheed to take a charge for executive buyouts.
– POWI cuts 3Q; falls.
– Blockbuster CFO resigns.
– Horace Mann CEO On Leave after a DUI.
– US Government forces Retirees to accept 0% on their investments in a form of Indirect Bailout of the world so that corporate America (i.e. IBM, MSFT, etc.) can borrow money at 1% and buy back stock yielding 2% and higher.
– CME “inadvertently” made test orders in live energy and metals markets yesterday afternoon. Whoops!
Earnings:
Pre-open: BBY, CBRL, KR, WNI
After Close: NDZ, PLL
Another Zombie Attack?
Charles Baker of Palmetto, Florida (pictured) bit part of a man's bicep off in what police believe was a drug-fueled rage on Wednesday night, WPTV 5 reports.
RELATED: Louisiana Man Bites Off Man's Face In Domestic Dispute
The “zombie attack” took place last night while Baker was visiting his kids at his girlfriend's house around 10:15 p.m. He began beating on the door very violently and started stripping naked. Baker, who police believe was high on an unknown substance, broke the door down, walked into the home and began throwing furniture around.
Want to Keep Up With NewsOne.com? LIKE Us On Facebook!
Jeffery Blake, who lives in the home, says Baker wouldn't calm down and that he tied to restrain him. But Baker bit him in the bicep and took off part of it during the struggle. Fortunately, Blake was able to pin Baker to the floor until deputies arrived on the scene.
Here is more on what happened, according to WPTV5:
When law enforcement came inside, Blake released Baker. Baker got up, but would not respond to deputies orders. The suspect instead faced the deputies, tensing his body, clenching his fists and screaming. Baker, still naked, acted like he was going to rush the deputies, according to the report. Deputy Wildt deployed his an electronic control device after giving a verbal warning. Baker fell to the ground, and then tried to get back up, so Deputy Wildt deployed the device again. Baker pulled the probes out, so deputy Blake deployed his electric shock device. Those probes were also pulled out, and Deputy Wildt deployed a second cartridge. By this time, several other deputies had arrived on scene and were able to hold him down and handcuff him.
Baker was evaluated at Manatee Memorial Hospital and charged with aggravated battery before being carted off to jail.
1983 studio album by Dio
Holy Diver is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Dio, released in 1983. Vocalist Ronnie James Dio had just finished his first tenure in Black Sabbath, whose drummer Vinny Appice he took with him to put together his own band. The roster was completed by his former band mate in Rainbow Jimmy Bain on bass and by the young guitarist Vivian Campbell, coming from the NWOBHM band Sweet Savage. The album was acclaimed by the music press and is the most successful of the band.
History [ edit ]
Released on May 25, 1983, the album has been hailed by critics as Dio's best work and a classic staple in the heavy metal genre.[1][2] The album was certified Gold in the US on September 12, 1984, and Platinum on March 21, 1989.[3] In the UK it attained Silver certification (60,000 units sold) by the British Phonographic Industry, achieving this in January 1986, at the same time as The Last in Line.[4]
The original vinyl release had a photo-montage LP-liner, with images from both Rainbow and Black Sabbath days.
The album was remastered and re-released by Rock Candy Records in 2005. The only notable addition to the original album is an audio interview with Ronnie James Dio. Tracks 10-19 on the 2005 edition are Dio's answers to various questions about the album. The questions are not posed during the interview itself, but can be found inside the CD's booklet instead. The album, along with The Last in Line and Sacred Heart, were released in a new 2-CD Deluxe Edition on March 19, 2012 through Universal for worldwide distribution outside the U.S.[5]
"Caught in the Middle" shares the main guitar riff with Campbell's previous band Sweet Savage's song "Straight Through the Heart" (1983).
Album art [ edit ]
The cover features the band mascot, Murray spinning chains around waves where a man with a priest or minister's collar in chains is floating. Dio was quick to argue that appearances are misleading, that it could just as easily be a priest killing a devil, wanting people not to "judge a book by its cover".[6]
Murray is featured on several other Dio albums.[7] When the "DIO" logo is viewed upside-down it can be interpreted as spelling either the word "DIE" or "DEVIL". Ronnie James Dio has called this purely coincidental. Album cover artwork is by artist Randy Berrett.
Themes [ edit ]
Around the time of making the album, a rise of heroic adventure elements in popular culture (such as J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings books and role-playing games Dungeons & Dragons) were having influence. "Much of heavy metal took place on similar turf, a realm of dark towers and impenetrable wilderness populated by battles and adversity."[8] When Ronnie James Dio had been with Black Sabbath, "He reverently refurbished and reinvented the band's stately doom with grandiose concepts...Dio found a fertile fantasy framework for the big Sabbath themes of madness and desolation".[8] Dio, who had read Sir Walter Scott, Arthurian tales, and science fiction growing up, had previously used fantasy lyrics in his early 1970s band Elf.[8] Dio explained to an interviewer that influenced by his youthful reading, "When I became a songwriter, I thought what better thing to do than do what no one else is doing...to tell fantasy tales. Smartest thing I ever did."[8]
Popular culture [ edit ]
"Holy Diver" is featured in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories on the radio station V-Rock. "Rainbow in the Dark" appears in Rock Band 3 and Rocksmith as DLC, and "Holy Diver" and "Stand Up and Shout" are featured as DLC for the series as a whole. It is also featured in Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s and Rocksmith. A short excerpt of the song Holy Diver also plays twice in a third-season episode of South Park, "Hooked on Monkey Phonics″. It is also heard in the commercial of Hyundai Tucson.
Reception [ edit ]
AllMusic reviewer Eduardo Rivadavia praises the album, stating that "aside from Ronnie's unquestionably stellar songwriting, Holy Diver's stunning quality and consistency owed much to his carefully chosen bandmates, including powerhouse drummer and fellow [Black] Sabbath survivor Vinny Appice, veteran bassist Jimmy Bain, and a phenomenal find in young Irish guitarist Vivian Campbell, whose tastefully pyrotechnic leads helped make this the definitive Dio lineup. Holy Diver remains the undisputed highlight of Dio's career...and, indeed, one of the finest pure heavy metal albums of the 1980s."[1] Canadian reviewer Martin Popoff describes the album as "quintessential traditional metal", with Ronnie James Dio "almost single-handedly reinventing gothic hard rock for the '80s, incorporating strong melodic hooks and more than the genre's usual share of velvety, classical-based pyrotechnics."[9] Kerrang! gave the album a positive review in 1983 and Holy Diver ended up at no. 5 in the British magazine's End of Year list of best releases.[12] Today, Kerrang! still considers it a "perfect melodic metal album" and an "essential purchase".[10]
The rock historian Ian Christe relates that for the post-Sabbath solo career "Dio simplified his stories substantially for a younger heavy metal audience. The 1983 debut Holy Diver, by his band Dio, reduced lush moral landscapes to simple good-versus-evil conflicts, using the lyrical duality of 'Rainbow in the Dark' and 'Holy Diver' to raise questions about deceit and hypocrisy in romance and religion. In the sharp contrasts of Dio's imagery, there was always a built-in contradiction that fed adolescent revolt: a black side to every white light, and a hidden secret behind every loud proclamation of truth. In a similar way, Dio's music balanced torrents of rage with brief acoustic interludes."[8]
On IGN's list of "Top 25 Metal Albums", Holy Diver is at number 8, and this statement followed, "In all his bands, in all his roles, in all his musical vagabond choices, Ronnie James Dio has been fortunate enough to be associated with some of heavy metal's best -- Sabbath, Rainbow, and his own band Dio. To best represent his tenure in the genre, one must look no farther than Holy Diver. His first album with his new band was also his best. It is one of metal's best albums, and it spawned two of the greatest metal songs of the '80s: 'Holy Diver' and 'Rainbow in the Dark'. Featuring the underrated Vivian Campbell on guitar, this album showed that Dio could do it on his own."[13] In 2017, it was ranked 16th on Rolling Stone's list of "100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time".[14]
Track listing [ edit ]
All lyrics written by Ronnie James Dio, music as stated.
Side one No. Title Music Length 1. "Stand Up and Shout" Jimmy Bain, Dio 3:18 2. "Holy Diver" Dio 5:51 3. "Gypsy" Vivian Campbell, Dio 3:39 4. "Caught in the Middle" Vinny Appice, Campbell, Dio 4:14 5. "Don't Talk to Strangers" Dio 4:53
Side two No. Title Music Length 6. "Straight Through the Heart" Bain, Dio 4:31 7. "Invisible" Appice, Campbell, Dio 5:24 8. "Rainbow in the Dark" Appice, Bain, Campbell, Dio 4:15 9. "Shame on the Night" Appice, Bain, Campbell, Dio 5:19
Personnel [ edit ]
Dio
Production
See also [ edit ]
Charts [ edit ]
Certifications [ edit ]
Country Organization Year Sales USA RIAA 1989 Platinum (+ 1,000,000)[3] UK BPI 1986 Silver (+ 60,000)[4]
SOCCEROOS skipper Lucas Neill says he has been in discussion with a number of European clubs as he looks to secure a full-time contract ahead of the World Cup.
Neill, 35, is currently training with his former team Blackburn Rovers but is painfully aware that the clock is ticking on his time to cement his place in Ange Postecoglou's Australia squad for Brazil.
"For me it's been about maintaining fitness and being able to look at the opportunities being presented," Neill told Fox Sports at the launch of the 2015 Asian Cup in Melbourne.
"I know how important it is to be playing regularly for World Cup and possibly the Asian Cup.
"In the meantime I want to be training at the best possible level and I'm very familiar with the surroundings at Blackburn and who knows, maybe they'll be the team I end up - but I'll consider all options and pick the best one for regular playing time."
News_Rich_Media: Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou cays the 2015 Asian Cup is a chance for his side to show off to the Australian public and continue the sport's growth across the country.
Socceroos coach Postecoglou has made public his desire that his squad should be playing regularly and well, suggesting that Neill must find a club by March to have any chance to make it to South America.
But the veteran defender Neill says he understands the urgency and has been in contact with unspecified continental clubs about finding a new role, with a return to Blackburn also something he would be interested in.
"I've given myself more pressure than a March deadline; I'll be looking for something much sooner than that. The calls have been coming in and I'll be looking to maker sure I can give myself the best chance of being involved in the world cup.
"There have been a couple of calls from Europe and various parts of the world. I'm 35 now and I need to be playing and playing well.
"For everyone with ambitions for the Socceroos you need to take form and fitness into the tournament. Ange has come out and said that so that's my goal.
"I'm training there (with Blackburn) and would jump at the opportunity to play there but I'm just grateful they've given me the chance to train and maintain my fitness."
UPDATE: The map and data have been updated from NOHRS. We now have added to yesterday's total with new overnight snows, bringing the CONUS coverage to 70.9%. KGMB-TV in Hawaii reports, that with snowfall on Mauna Kea, 49 out of 50 states have snow on the ground, with Florida the exception. -Anthony
Meanwhile, New York City declares a weather emergency due to snow.
Data from the National Weather Service National Operational Hydrologic Remote Sensing Center in Minnesota show that nearly 70 71% of the USA has snow cover.
January 12, 2011 Data:
Area Covered By Snow: 70.9% Area Covered Last Month: 35.1% Snow Depth Average: 6.9 in Minimum: 0.0 in Maximum: 895.5 in Std. Dev.: 11.3 in Snow Water Equivalent Average: 1.4 in Minimum: 0.0 in Maximum: 435.1 in Std. Dev.: 3.0 in
January 11, 2011 data:
Area Covered By Snow: 69.4% Area Covered Last Month: 33.1% Snow Depth Average: 6.9 in Minimum: 0.0 in Maximum: 897.2 in Std. Dev.: 11.4 in
The map above is done from snow reports from COOP stations and other observers. Here's the map done by satellite:
The 70% value may be exceeded tomorrow as the area around Washington DC has picked up a couple of inches of snow, which is shown as no snow cover in Jan 11 maps above. See this from NWS Baltimore/Washington:
At the time of this post, the Northeastern USA was getting hammered with significant snowfall:
Earlier today, NYC mayor Bloomberg declared a snow emergency:
This from Notify NYC, a city email messaging service:
The Mayor has issued a Weather Emergency Declaration for NYC. The public is urged to avoid all unnecessary driving for the duration of the storm and use public transportation. For info on MTA service visit http://www.mta.info. Any vehicle found blocking roadways or impeding ability to plow streets will be towed at owner's expense. Alternate Side Parking, payment at parking meters, and garbage collection are suspended citywide until further notice.
The NWS has issued this:
URGENT - WINTER WEATHER MESSAGE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE NEW YORK NY 1054 PM EST TUE JAN 11 2011 ...WINTER STORM TO IMPACT THE AREA TONIGHT AND WEDNESDAY... NJZ002-004-006-103>108-NYZ072>075-176-178-121200- /O.CON.KOKX.WS.W.0002.000000T0000Z-110112T2300Z/ WESTERN PASSAIC-EASTERN PASSAIC-HUDSON-WESTERN BERGEN- EASTERN BERGEN-WESTERN ESSEX-EASTERN ESSEX-WESTERN UNION- EASTERN UNION-NEW YORK (MANHATTAN)-BRONX-RICHMOND (STATEN ISLAND)- KINGS (BROOKLYN)-NORTHERN QUEENS-SOUTHERN QUEENS- 1054 PM EST TUE JAN 11 2011 ...WINTER STORM WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 6 PM EST WEDNESDAY... A WINTER STORM WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 6 PM EST WEDNESDAY. * LOCATIONS...NEW YORK CITY...AND NORTHEAST NEW JERSEY. * HAZARDS...SNOW...HEAVY AT TIMES. * ACCUMULATIONS...8 TO 12 INCHES...WITH LOCALLY HIGHER AMOUNTS POSSIBLE. * WINDS...GUSTS 20 TO 25 MPH. * VISIBILITIES...LESS THAN 1/4 MILE AT TIMES. * TIMING...HEAVIEST SNOW OCCURS AFTER MIDNIGHT TONIGHT THROUGH DAYBREAK WEDNESDAY. * IMPACTS...HAZARDOUS TRAVEL TONIGHT AND THROUGH THE DAY WEDNESDAY. PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS... A WINTER STORM WARNING FOR HEAVY SNOW MEANS SEVERE WINTER WEATHER CONDITIONS ARE EXPECTED OR OCCURRING. SIGNIFICANT AMOUNTS OF SNOW ARE FORECAST THAT WILL MAKE TRAVEL DANGEROUS. ONLY TRAVEL IN AN EMERGENCY. IF YOU MUST TRAVEL...KEEP AN EXTRA FLASHLIGHT...FOOD... AND WATER IN YOUR VEHICLE IN CASE OF AN EMERGENCY.
Looks like a fun day tomorrow in NYC.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Bottles of the generic prescription pain medication buprenorphine are seen in a pharmacy in Boca Raton, Fla. The narcotic drug is used to help addicts recovering from heroin use. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
Locked in a fight with Congress over $1.1 billion in new funding to address prescription opioid and heroin abuse, the Obama administration announced Wednesday that it will ease federal controls on a medication prescribed by doctors to treat addiction.
The Department of Health and Human Services will now allow doctors to prescribe buprenorphine, a drug approved to treat opioid addiction, to 275 patients at once. Previously, providers could prescribe to no more than 100 patients at a time.
Because the medication is itself a narcotic, federal authorities have said the cap was meant to prevent buprenorphine's proliferation in the black market and abuse by people suffering from addiction.
But at a time when more than 47,000 Americans a year are dying from drug overdoses — more than are killed in automobile accidents – critics say the limits have made it needlessly more difficult for patients to access one of the more successful forms of treatment available. Buprenorphine is considered a safer and more effective treatment option for patients with mild to moderate dependence, and is often held up as a treatment option for people who live too far from methadone clinics.
In order to prescribe buprenorphine, physicians must first receive a waiver from the Drug Enforcement Agency, after which they can only write 30 prescriptions the first year. Even if a doctor has the waiver, many are hesitant to prescribe the medication, creating long waiting lists.
Roughly 33,600 physicians currently have waivers to prescribe the drug, according to federal data — with 67.5 percent limited to treat 30 patients at once, and the remaining 32.5 percent allowed to treat 100.
Approximately 650,000 Americans were prescribed buprenorphine in 2014. When the change takes effect in August, as many as 90,000 more could gain access, officials from the Department of Health and Human Services and the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy told reporters on a conference call.
Dr. Jeffrey Goldsmith, president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine, lauded the shift in policy.
“For too long, addiction specialists like me have had to turn patients in need away from treatment that might save their lives, not because we don't have the expertise or capacity to treat them, but because of an arbitrary federal limit,” Goldsmith said in a statement. “It has been heartbreaking to tell patients and their families that my hands are tied, and to see them continue to suffer from a treatable disease.”
The administration also announced new rules aimed at improving drug monitoring by federal prescribers treating Native Americans and military veterans; a proposal to end financial incentives based on patient feedback for doctors who prescribe opioids; and more than a dozen new scientific studies on pain treatment and opioid dependence.
The changes come as lawmakers in Congress are meeting to finalize legislation aimed at tackling the nation's deadly opioid epidemic. The White House is requesting $1.1 billion to address the crisis, while Democrats on Capitol Hill are calling for $920 million in funding. The GOP has offered $581 million in new spending to address opioid abuse, but on Wednesday White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said, “If there is a bill that reaches the president's desk that is geared toward fighting the opioid epidemic but doesn't include additional funding, I certainly cannot promise that the president would sign it.”
A Port Orange man is accused of shooting a neighbor trying to retrieve a dog from the suspect's property.Raymond Thayer, 55, was arrested Wednesday night after police said he saw the victim on his property and shot him in the shoulder. The injury was not serious. The victim told police he was walking his dog in a mobile home park on Madeline Avenue just after 7 p.m. and let the dog off the leash.Most watched video: Panda cubs go outside for the first timeThe dog then ran onto Thayer's property and when the victim went on the property to get the dog, he said Thayer came out holding a gun and fired.Thayer is charged with aggravated battery.Related: Florida mug shots
A Port Orange man is accused of shooting a neighbor trying to retrieve a dog from the suspect's property.
Raymond Thayer, 55, was arrested Wednesday night after police said he saw the victim on his property and shot him in the shoulder. The injury was not serious.
Advertisement
The victim told police he was walking his dog in a mobile home park on Madeline Avenue just after 7 p.m. and let the dog off the leash.
Most watched video: Panda cubs go outside for the first time
The dog then ran onto Thayer's property and when the victim went on the property to get the dog, he said Thayer came out holding a gun and fired.
Thayer is charged with aggravated battery.
Related: Florida mug shots
AlertMe
by Brett Stevens on January 2, 2010
As part of our exploration of American politics, we're interviewing some of the up and coming figures of American politics. Today's interview is with Alex Birch, a writer and activist with CORRUPT, a think-tank for reversing modern decline.
Hi, Alex, and glad to have you with us. How do you describe your political orientation?
I'm a Right-Wing Conservative, but regard myself as an Independent since I have views that wouldn't be accepted by American Republicans or European Right-Wingers.
You seem to be the primary writer for CORRUPT.org, an alternative realist blog that gets a lot of attention from the post-mainstream groups. What do you hope to achieve with this blog, and what ideals do it promote?
Corrupt is a collection of independent journalists who want to spread a positive, outgoing lifestyle rooted in Conservatism and the science of Human Biological Diversity (HBD). Through our day-to-day writings we explain why the liberal societies in the West are declining, and how people can react positively to the problems around them. The ideal we wish to communicate is a society in which people take personal and civil responsibility, build an interesting culture and work hard to make something with their lives.
How can religion/faith and politics/pragmatism be unified or compatible?
Politics according to socialists means babysitting by the government. Politics by Conservatives means a high degree of self-organization on an individual and local level. So if you want to change society the Conservative way, you cannot enforce that change with bureaucracies or sheer government force. You need to address the culture in which people live. This is where religion or faith comes into play. Religion traditionally maintains the moral framework in a society. By appealing to people's faith you focus on the values and the lifestyle that can lead to change.
What changes would you make immediately if given power in the West?
For historic reasons I believe in slow changes over time, but here are a few larger changes I'd like to see being made to Western societies, especially Europe, before 2010:
POWER: Empower local governments and limit the function of central governments to national issues like security and economy. Promote wise and well-merited leaders to power, regardless of their popularity. NATURE: Conserve as much wild land as possible. Find a way to match conservationism and economic concerns. Limit populations by reducing immigration and welfare programs. ECONOMY: Stimulate the private market to rebuild our economies and stop governments from taking over and socializing parts of our societies that previously have been regulated by culture, e.g. sexuality, food, family life, sports etc. CULTURE: Public leaders and government officials should focus on recognizing constitutional ideals and native traditions as important to protect and defend. Regional and local culture should not suffer under national political trends. Communities and private businesses should bear much of the burden welfare programs try to cover today. Kraftwerk's “Spacelab” should be played on radio channels every evening at 10 pm.
What do you think the results would be?
We would have a much more stable leadership ready to make difficult decisions for the public good. We would go from being environmentalists to conservationists, e.g. protecting the wild instead of consuming green light bulbs. The global economic crisis would slow down when business began competing on market demand again. People would feel happier taking more personal responsibility and public culture would become a central feature of every day life. Welfare abuse and out of control government spending would decline. And everyone would be Kraftwerk fans.
Do your friends know about your viewpoints? Do you have friends of other ethnicities, political viewpoints, and social classes? Do they mind your outlook?
People I count as close friends know pretty much all about what I stand for. People I loosely meet from time to time probably place me somewhere on the Right end of the political scale. I've lived in multiethnic communities all my life, which has shaped my view of what it means to live in a multicultural society. To this day I have plenty of immigrant friends, but don't have any acquaintances outside of a fairly stable middle class – the social group I identity myself best with. Many of my friends don't have any outspoken political beliefs, but they are generally conservative with a small “c.” They think small but make out the segment of Swedish society that produces and keeps things going. My views are pretty accepted among the people I hang out with, save for some girls who would rather see me being a moderate leftist. I haven't given in to those demands yet.
How would you categorize your outlook vis-a-vis public acceptance — is it an accepted view or a minority view? Why is that?
This is where it gets interesting. Because Sweden is a leftist-oriented society where welfare, high taxes, government programs, socialized culture, anti-family, anti-tradition and pluralism are traditionally seen as positive, I am not a typical Swede. To be sure, I receive a lot of attention and problems because of my Right-leaning views at universities and newsrooms, which is where I work. At the same time, I am not wholly a “Swede,” since I originate from the southern part called SkÃ¥ne, a place that was Danish only about 300 years ago. The region where I come from is a sort of Continental marriage between Danish and Swedish culture. My identity is rooted in that region, sometimes before Sweden as a whole, which complicates the way my views are being perceived by others.
To understand why it's heresy to talk about market capitalism, race, heterosexual culture, Christianity and gender roles, you have to study Swedish history. Only 200 years ago we were one of the poorest nations of Europe. Suddenly we began producing raw materials, build industry and trade with the rest of the world. We became rich very rapidly. It was a booming miracle. After the worker's movements came to power through Social Democracy, we transformed into a modern Social Democratic welfare State–Sweden as we know it today.
In other words, modern Swedish society is built upon a socialist foundation, which is a political tradition opposed to, say, the American constitution, which is fundamentally critical of government authority, “mob democracy,” and central power. Swedes have abandoned their history and most of their traditions to become the most progressive and modern nations of the West in terms of willingness to adapt culture, politics and technology to modernity. For this we suffer still and it's one of my goals to break free from this culture and find ways of turning it back to a pre-welfare state of society, or a post-socialist state, if you will.
Are there any political issues today that are totally irrelevant and yet get too much air time? Any that are ignored, and yet vital?
In Sweden, that's simple. Gender issues, global warming and cultural discrimination receive way too much attention. Immigration, bound to be *the* issue of 2010's election, is also overrated without addressing root problems. Basically we need to go from a modern liberal to a classically liberal agenda. The vital issues of our country are the role of the government, getting private business back on track and saving the car industry, rebuilding cultural self-confidence to tackle the major social issues of our time and secure transatlantic relationships with the Anglo-American leadership on global issues. Globally you actually see similar problems. Obama is addressing climate, foreign policy and health care reform, but the basic framework is never questioned. We need to think economy-environment-culture. Rebuild the economy, conserve the environment, stimulate cultural unity.
Do you think we're at a historical turning point?
Yes, and I believe Mark Steyn explained best why in his book “America Alone.” The post-WWII order is collapsing and we're quickly succumbing to foreign powers, both abroad and at home. With collapsing order I mean that classical Western values and ideals are losing their virtue and practical importance to radically opposite values and ideals. The kind of society we live in today is not going to last, and Europe is going down the toilet first. But most importantly, and this is controversial, America has since its rise to global superpower become the safeguard and champion of our civilization. This is now changing. “Change,” as Obama put it, but in a way most people would never guess could become reality.
How much influence does environmentalism have on your views, and is there an environmental crisis; if so, how does it influence any turning points we're currently approaching?
No, not a single bit, and let me explain why. I grew up only a few yards from forests. I spent my entire childhood and most of my adult life in or around the wild environment. To me, nature and animals are not political victims or symbols of pity, they compose a landscape emotionally and intellectually attached to me as a person. I care about the environment because it's a part of me and I am part of it, not because politics lately have begun address its threats. Yes, the environmental threat is real, and that threat is the imbalance between human settlement and free land. Our world population has long exceeded its carrying capacity and although we are much fewer people in the West, we consume more resources than the average third world consumer. This must change our political climate, not by creating Copenhagen meetings, but by embracing environmentally sustainable societies (read: New Pedestrianism). Regardless if we succeed or fail doing this, reducing the number of people, and thus, infrastructure, is essential to this goal. A goal that is not the West's but that of humanity as a whole, as bravely etched into the Georgia Guidestones.
Do you have spiritual beliefs? If so, what are they?
No. I only have moral beliefs and a wild imagination.
Tags: alex birch, CORRUPT, interview
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
WASHINGTON — The Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District has been awarded a highly competitive federal TIGER grant to rebuild five major traffic corridors in central Champaign-Urbana.
What does this mean? Ask Tom Kacich here
The $15.7 million grant was announced today by U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Springfield.
It was the third time that the MTD had applied for one of the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery grants.
Here is more information on the project, from the MTD.
According to the U.S. Department of Transportation 797 applications totaling $9.5 billion were submitted for the program, 15 times the $600 million set aside.
"There are many more people applyng than funds available and I know Champaign-Urbana was thinking, are we ever going to win this thing?" Durbin said today. "I think they improved their application and it improved their chances. And I kept reminding (Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx) that IIllinois is the president's home state, in hopes that he'll smile kindly our way, and it worked."
Durbin said he didn't "want to overstate my role in this but we are in constant contact with the US Department of Transportation. We got in the habit with former Secretary Ray LaHood, who was a terrific ally, whether it was for high speed rail or TIGER grants. And we've kept a good relationship with Secretary Foxx."
The proposed project includes rebuilding portions of Green and Wright streets in Urbana and Champaign, and parts of White and Armory streets in Champaign, including exclusive bus and bike lanes.
Past grant applications included Green Street in Urbana, from Wright Street to Lincoln Avenue. This time, the grant also covers the portion between Lincoln and Race.
Also part of the proposed project is Green, from Fourth Street to Neil Street in Champaign; Wright, from Armory Avenue to White Street; White, from Wright to Second Street; and Armory, from Fourth Street to Wright.
The $34.88 million project involves $15.7 million in federal funds and $19.1 million in local money. In this grant application, local contributions were increased by both the University of Illinois (from $2 million to $3.6 million) and the city of Urbana (from $650,000 to $2.1 million).
Some construction work on the project could begin in 2015, said MTD Managing Director Karl Gnadt.
“It certainly could be some time,” said Gnadt, “because we have to go through architectural and engineering work and design. That will happen throughout the rest of 2014 and into 2015. And then I'd say we'd be looking at bid-letting in mid-2015 and maybe begin some construction before the end of 2015.”
The project will benefit not just the MTD but the UI and the cities of Champaign and Urbana, he said.
“Each of the entities has a focus. The university obviously is interested in Wright Street and Armory. Champaign is interested in White Street and the part of Green Street in Champaign, and Urbana is interested in the portion of Green in Urbana,” he said. “The MTD has an interest in all of those areas because we operate on all of those streets,
“But a major component of this project is the complete streets design, so we have some bus right-of-way lanes, improved bike lanes, improved pedestrian amenities. The bus stops along those routes will be enhanced with amenities. We have an across the board interest in all of those corridors because they all have service, plus our riders are also bicyclists and pedestrians.”
The two earlier applications for the TIGER grant were “for a faster time frame, but with this one we don't have to get the work done until fiscal year 2021, so the cities had additional money over a longer period to put to it,” retired MTD director Bill Volk told The News-Gazette earlier this year.
U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Taylorville, who earlier this year wrote a letter of support to the U.S. Department of Transportation for the MTD project, offered his congratulations this morning. “This is incredible news for the Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District, the cities of Champaign and Urbana and the University of Illinois and is a great example of what can happen when a community rallies around a project and all levels of government put politics aside to work together,” said Davis. “A federal investment of this magnitude shows a long-term commitment to a project that will immediately create jobs and improve the quality of life for area residents for years to come, so congratulations to the entire Champaign-Urbana community, you are to be commended for your work on this project.” Champaign Mayor Don Gerard called the grant award "a huge win for all of us.""It is gratifying to know my letters of support, the City of Champaign's diligent cooperation and the efforts of Champaign County First have paid off substantially," he said. "C-U MTD is already ranked the seventh best public transit system in the United States and these improvements will help to make it even better." Michael DeLorenzo, an associate chancellor at the University of Illinois, said the project would "reduce multimodal conflict areas, improve safety and increase connectivity in the campus area. We thank Senator Durbin for his assistance with this grant."
The two factors that most oil industry observers tend to agree on as the main causes of the crash in oil prices might be wrong. Many oil industry observers pin the blame on both softer global demand and Saudi Arabia's risky gambit to protect its market share against North American oil production. Put together, this has led to more than 50% reduction in the price of global crude.
As the days pass, it's beginning to become clear that Saudi Arabia is not as worried about its North American market share as we've been initially been led to believe. The picture is beginning to emerge that Saudi Arabia is primarily concerned about long-term changes in global oil consumption. Thanks to several years of sky-high oil prices, billions of dollars globally have been spent on alternative and renewable-energy sources like solar and wind power among others.
Also, billions of dollars in tax incentives have been implemented to artificially boost demand for non-fossil fuel sources of energy. This has been creating accumulative effect and a change in culture, especially among developed countries. According to a senior adviser to the Petroleum Minister of Saudi Arabia from 1988-2013, Mohammad Al Sabban, the Saudis are concerned about this fundamental change in energy investments. Particularly, the Saudis have been looking at renewable energy and fuel efficiency investments.
The long-term game plan is influenced by the view that if oil were to remain extremely expensive, more and more investments will be plowed into fuel efficiency as well as renewable energy like solar and wind. The fear is that there would be a tipping point from which oil-producing countries would never recover from. It is beginning to appear that the current depression in oil prices is all about reorienting the world's energy habits.
Others see them as exercises in hollow vanity that can cause a great deal of emotional and psychological damage. Bring up the subject of beauty pageants to a large group of people, and you're bound to get at least two harshly contrasting opinions. Many folks see them as great opportunities for young women to earn scholarship money, make connections, and develop confidence.
Or maybe you just don't care...but whatever your opinion of beauty pageants is, there is no denying that a key component to winning one is poise. A girl can be the most beautiful woman to be placed on this earth since Helen of Troy, but if she can't put one front in front of the other and form complete sentences, there is no way that she is going home with the crown (she'll be the third runner-up, tops).
That's why women that enter a contest circuit that prides itself on image and promptly crap all over it are so entertaining to watch...and why we have created this list for you enjoy.
We tried to stay away from the usual "OH LOOK, SHE FELL DOWN!! HURR DURR DURR!" bloopers (although one was too good not to leave in) because even the most poised and confident among us can fall down while wearing 6 inch heels. Instead, this list will tend to focus on talent portions that never should have been tried and questions that should have easily been answered.
So without further ado, let's hop across the pond for our first entry...
10. Irish Hip Hop Dancing
During a 2011 beauty pageant in Ireland, contestant Siobheal Nic Eochaidh decided to show off her white girl dance moves to beats of LMFAO's Party Rock Anthem. Awkward doesn't even begin to describe the performance (or the looks on her fellow contestants' faces).
Most Surreal Moment
The Dublin Rose's blatant crotch grab at 0:31 most likely didn't win her any bonus points with the judges. The pop and lock, however, was pretty well done.
9. Girl Power Outage
The contestant in this video had a fairly easy question about what the world would be like if it was run by women. After initially trying to blame her lack of speaking skills on the microphone, she recklessly tosses nouns, verbs, and adverbs together into a cringe inducing soliloquy that nearly sets women's rights back a century.
Most Surreal Moment
At 0:47, even the pageant host can't hide his disappointment.
8. Marimba Lady
Hailing from my home state of South Carolina, Carrie Lee Davis was probably a pretty good percussionist in high school...but those skills did not serve her well in the 1992 Miss America Pageant.
From her lack of a consistent tempo to the plethora of wrong notes, it's hard to imagine how someone who obviously has some knowledge of how to play their instrument could do it so poorly...and think wearing those massive shoulder pads past 1985 was a good idea.
Most Surreal Moment
7. Family Optional
After confidently telling the pageant host that she did not feel any pressure, Janina San Miguel drew a softball question about how big of a role her family played in her life. She then proceeded to stammer about her age, lack of pageant experience, and repeated/drawn out declarations of the word "family."
Most Surreal Moment Just when you begin to feel some sympathy for Janina, at 1:19 she lets forth a soul piercing cackle that cannot be overlooked or forgiven...unless you were one of the judges. Janina won the competition
6. Deer in Headlights and Heels
This contestant in the Miss Ivory Coast 2012 pageant had clearly never walked in these heels before that evening...or had been downing shots backstage prior to the swimwear portion of the competition.
Most Surreal Moment The way all the other contestants just keep dancing while the poor girl continued to fall to the ground.
5. Confucius Confusion
When 2009 Miss Panama contestant Giosue Cozzarelli was asked to interpret a quote by the great philosopher Confucius, she gave a bewildering (and somewhat racist) response.
Most Surreal Moment One of the many reasons that I would not be a good beauty pageant judge: When Giosue said that Confucius was one the people that "invented confusion," I would have given her the benefit of the doubt and assumed she was making some type of meta joke/philosophical statement.
4. Learning About Fear
When Jeannie Anderson steps forward to answer a question from the judges (and the host's creepy sounding observation about her height), her perpetual deer in headlights look lets you know that things are not going to go well.
Unfortunately for Jeannie, her nervousness was compounded by the fact that she was asked an incredibly stupid question. I mean, seriously...who asks a question for which the "right" answer is "not to be beautiful" at a beauty pageant? Sadistic and jealous ex-beauty pageant queens, that's who.
Most Surreal Moment I may not have been a judge, but Jeannie definitely would have won some points with me when she told the audience to shut up at 1:35.
3. Bikini Beat Down
Things get very real when contestants brawl at a Brazilian beauty pageant. My Portuguese isn't very good, but that blonde girl seems like a bit of a bully. I'm still not really sure what is going on, so I may have to watch this one a few more times...for science.
Most Surreal Moment
The blonde bully starts dancing at 0:28, only to inexplicably open up a can of whoopass seconds later on an unsuspecting girl standing to her right.
2. Helping U.S. Americans
Once again hailing from my home state of South Carolina, Caitlin Upton is asked a question about Americans not being able to locate the United States on a map. This line of questioning causes her to lose the ability to locate and verbalize coherent thoughts.
Most Surreal Moment Look, we've all said things that made absolutely no sense when we got flustered...but where the heck did she pull South Africa and Iraq from?
1. Star Wars Trumpet
For those of you that have never seen this before, I truly apologize for what you just had to endure. According to this interview , Stacy Hedger had no idea that she sounded badly...which makes me wonder what type of horrible friends and family she must have.
Why didn't someone tell her how horrible she sounded? This was a state-wide beauty pageant and she became "Miss Douglas County" with another (and probably much better) routine. Did they just try to stifle their laughter while telling poor Stacy "Oh no, go with the trumpet solo...but make sure that during the Cantina Band break that you shuffle around the stage like a brain damaged penguin."
Most Surreal Moment Just when your ears can't take anymore, Stacy mercifully stops at 1:33 to do her dance routine...but by 1:42, you've fully come to the realization that things can get much, much worse.
----------
And that's all folks. If any of you have terrible beauty pageant videos laying around (which would make you kind of creepy if you're a guy) and think that I missed something, let me know. We may do a follow-up list once I've psychologically recovered from gathering material for this list.
Feel free to leave a comment below. If you'd like to sing my praises or tell me how much I suck more personally, you can also find me on Twitter . Until next time...
May the Force be with you!
To get updates on when new articles or podcasts are published (and occasional random musings) 'Like' the official RamblingBeachCat.com Facebook page. Every time someone does, a beauty pageant contestant learns how to play the trumpet.
At approximately 2:00, Ms. Davis throws aside all pretenses of maintaining time and rhythm and begins mercilessly banging her rubber mallets against the helpless marimba.
Italy's Olympic medalists have written Rome's Mayor Virginia Raggi trying to stir up support for the city's struggling 2024 Olympic Games bid, reports AP.
“Those of us who had the opportunity to experience the Rio Games and to win a medal, putting Italy's name on the podium, are convinced that bringing the games back to our country and our capital would give future generations the necessary optimism to believe in a better future,” a letter signed by 68 athletes said.
“You can give a decisive push to our dreams and a reason for enthusiasm for all Italian sport.”
Raggi, who was elected on an anti-Olympic bid platform, must endorse documents of support for Rome's bid before the International Olympic Committee's (IOC) October 7th deadline or the bid will have to drop out of the race for the second straight time. A 2020 Olympic bid from Rome was derailed at the same stage when then Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti denied his required support amid a national economic crisis.
For 2024 Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is a strong advocate for the bid but Raggi says its more important for her city to focus funds instead on more fundamental infrastructure projects. She was reportedly set to pull the plug on the bid at a Paralympic Games sendoff ceremony for Italian athletes last week but instead delayed any decision until she speaks with Italian Olympic Committee President Giovanni Malagò. The meeting is expected to occur after the conclusion of the Rio Paralympics set to close at Maracanã Stadium September 18.
“We ask you not to leave out your support for Rome's bid,” the letter with signatories including three-times Olympic champion Niccolo Campriani, three-times silver medalist Giovanni Pellielo and members of Italy's volleyball and water polo teams.
“We ask you with the passion we have shown recently in our competitions and which allowed us to excel. We appeal to your sensitivity as a mayor and your love as a mother.”
“If we play together no match can ever be lost. United we can win. You showed that by becoming mayor. We showed that by winning in Rio. We are certain you share our sentiments. Don't close the door on a unique opportunity.”
The 38-year-old mother of one was elected in June as the first female mayor of Rome. She replaced former Mayor Ignazio Marino, a strong support of the bid who helped push through the application last September in an effort to win Italy its first Summer Games since 1960.
Raggi's first three months in office hasn't progressed easily and she is now under fire for appointing a minister who is under criminal investigation, though she vowed to clean up corruption in municipal government. This will make it a lot less likely that she will change her mind about committing funds to organize and Olympic Games.
Should the Mayor end the bid, the Prime Minister has vowed to try again for the 2028 Games with another Italian city.
Rome is bidding among Paris, Los Angeles, and Budapest to host the 2024 Games. A decision by the IOC on the winning city will be made in September 2017.
Of course, if Iran develops a nuclear weapon, or even a nuclear-weapons capacity, its power will grow. But it will still face neighbors—Israel, Pakistan, India—with larger nuclear arsenals of their own. And there is no reason to believe that Tehran will commit regime suicide by using a nuclear weapon against Israel or anyone else, and thus invite a massive nuclear response, given that it has proved emphatically non-suicidal during its 36 years in power.
China, by contrast, is not a midsize power. It's a superpower. At current prices, its GDP is 28 times larger than Iran's. Its military budget is roughly 13 times larger. Its willingness to invest vast sums in the economic development of other nations gives it tremendous soft power. And it is claiming much of the South China Sea as its own, thus asserting dominion over a territory with vast oil and gas reserves through which one-third of the world's shipping travels.
From 1941 to 1989, the United States risked war to prevent great powers from dominating the world's economic and industrial heartlands, and thus gaining veto power over America's ability to conduct international commerce. That's what China is seeking today.
So why aren't Lindsey Graham and his GOP presidential competitors talking more about China? (To be fair, Hillary Clinton isn't talking much about China either. But her campaign thus far has been much less weighted toward foreign policy in general.)
Three reasons come to mind.
The first is that the Chinese threat isn't visually spectacular. What made ISIS a household name in the United States last year, even more than the group's territorial gains, were its gruesome murders, especially of Westerners. The horrific images of those killings, broadcast endlessly on television, bred a primal fear that Washington politicians were quick to exploit. Those politicians pressured the Obama administration to begin its bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria, which gave the story even more juice because the United States was now at war.
Via the catchall of “radical Islam,” American politicians have transferred some of the anxiety sparked by ISIS to Iran: Today they have butcher's knives; tomorrow, nukes! By contrast, China's incremental moves to build islands in the South China Sea or even ram the occasional Filipino fishing boat produce far less drama. No matter how serious a challenge they pose to America's role in the Pacific, they don't appear to threaten American lives. And they won't—until a confrontation between the Chinese and American militaries, in disputed ocean or airspace, raises the prospect of war. Until that happens, China's challenge will remain on Page A17 of the newspaper.
The second reason presidential candidates devote so much more attention to “radical Islam” than to China is money. There's no conspiracy here. Sheldon Adelson, who along with the Koch brothers is the most influential donor in today's GOP, proudly acknowledges that, for him, Israel's “security”—and thus, Iran's nuclear program—is issue number one. And there are mini-Adelsons backing all the leading Republican candidates who talk tough on Iran. China hawks, by contrast, are far harder to find in the GOP donor class. In fact, given the stake many financial and corporate types have in U.S.-Chinese economic ties, it's not clear that GOP donors even want GOP presidential candidates to take a hard line against Beijing.
Introduction
Abolishing student debt. Increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Guaranteeing a right to health care.
Sound familiar? Those issues — which wouldn't be out of place in a Bernie Sanders stump speech — are also among the top priorities of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who won her party's nomination today in Houston.
And during an election season in which many voters and donors unexpectedly flocked to Sanders, Stein is hoping to harness some of that energy for her longshot presidential bid now that Sanders has conceded and endorsed former Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton.
Stein — a medical doctor and activist from Massachusetts — was also the Green Party's presidential nominee four years ago. Then, she earned about 0.36 percent of the vote nationally and appeared on the ballot in 36 states and the District of Columbia. She only garnered more than 1 percent of the vote in two states: Maine and Oregon.
But that hasn't deterred Stein from calling for a “Green New Deal” and a “truly representative democracy,” which would include “open debates” as well as ranked-choice voting and public financing of campaigns.
During her 2012 campaign, Stein raised about $1.3 million, including $64,000 of her own money and about $370,000 in public funding.
Stein is again expected to receive some public financing for her 2016 presidential bid, as is Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson. The better-funded campaigns of Clinton and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump are raising their funds strictly from private sources.
Here are nine other things to know about the Green Party's presidential standard-bearer.
Who is Jill Stein? She's a doctor, activist and Green Party presidential candidate from Massachusetts.
2016 is not Jill Stein's first election. She was also the Green Party's presidential nominee in 2012. And she's run for office in Massachusetts. Her biggest electoral success? Town meeting representative in the town of Lexington.
Nearly 50 percent of the $860,000 Jill Stein has raised so far for her 2016 presidential bid has come from small-dollar donors giving $200 or less.
Federal disclosures show that Jill Stein and her husband, Richard Rohrer, are together worth at least $3.9 million.
Among the stock holdings of Jill Stein and her husband: at least $100,000 worth of Disney, at least $100,000 worth of Home Depot and at least $50,000 worth of Merck.
Jill Stein has invested about $170,000 of her own money into her Green Party campaigns over the years — including $40,000 for her 2016 presidential bid.
Jill Stein raised about $1.3 million for her 2012 Green Party presidential bid — including about $370,000 in public funding.
Jill Stein earned 0.36 percent of the presidential vote in 2012. She did best in Maine and Oregon — where she got 1.1 percent.
Jill Stein twice ran for office against Republican Mitt Romney — for president in 2012 and for governor in 2002.
Sources: Center for Public Integrity reporting as well as Jill2016.com, Wikipedia and filings with the Federal Election Commission and Massachusetts Office of Campaign and Political Finance.
Packaging Source Code With NuGet
If you like my blog, you'll love my Pluralsight courses:
• Tracking Real World Web Performance
• WebPageTest Deep Dive If you like my blog, you'll love my Pluralsight courses:
.NET developers depend on binaries a lot. Assemblies and executables are our typical unit of deployment and consumption and NuGet itself is basically a sophisticated binary distribution system.
I don't think there is anything necessarily wrong with that. Assemblies offer a lot of power and have plenty of benefits, but a few times over the last year or so I've wondered if our assembly usage follows the law of the instrument.
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail. – Abraham Maslow
Plenty of other development communities very happily exist in a world without assemblies or binaries. The Ruby gems and npm repositories are absolutely filled to the brim with packages that contain no binary files whatsoever. What do they contain? Source code.
Recently I've been wanting to create a NuGet package that would contain common AutoFixture configuration for intrinsic ASP.NET types that I find myself repeatedly using. Unfortunately, every other user of the package would want to slightly tweak the configuration for their project, so I figured I'd simply ship the package with only the source code (no pre-compiled assembly) so that they could easily do that.
When I told Louis DeJardin about this idea earlier in the year at MonkeySpace, his eyes lit up and he got excited. It turns out he's been thinking about source only packages quite a bit and has even released several OWIN packages as source only.
Louis told me about a few best practices and conventions that he has found useful when creating source only packages. I've noticed that only Damian Hickey has picked up on these, so with Louis' permission, I've decided to publish them here for greater exposure:
NuGet Source-Only Package Conventions and Practices
Package ID's should end in .Sources , which aligns well with and builds upon the .Sample suffix recommended in the NuGet Package Conventions documentation. In the .nupkg itself, source code files should be placed in a directory with the path content/App_Packages/{package-id}.{package-version} . Similar to how the .Sources suffix builds upon the prior art of .Samples , the App_Packages directory follows the App_Start folder nomenclature used by David Ebbo's popular WebActivator package. Here's an example of a package following this convention, as seen in NuGet Package Explorer:
This convention also allows for a very convenient upgrade path which I'll cover later on. Source-Only packages can depend on any other package, including other Source-Only packages. Source-Only packages may leverage NuGet's Source Code Transformations ( *.pp files) to inject project properties into the source. This is most often seen with the use of the $rootNamespace$ property, but any project property can be used. In some situations, it may be useful to also ship a standard “binary” package in addition to the Source-Only package. Types in Source-Only packages should be marked as internal by default in order to not pollute the target code's public API. Consider using conditional compilation symbols or partial classes in Source-Only packages to provide flexibility and the ability to customize the source to users. Examples of this technique include allowing for multiple platform targeting options and changing the accessibility of types to public when desired. SimpleJson has a few good examples of this in their source code.
When to Create Source-Only Packages
There are plenty of situations where a Source-Only package does not make sense. Here are a few things to consider:
DO consider creating a Source-Only package for “utility” libraries that feature heavy usage of static and/or extension methods. Examples of these types of utility libraries include unit test assertion libraries (see note below!) and the popular DataAnnotationsExtensions package.
consider creating a Source-Only package for “utility” libraries that feature heavy usage of static and/or extension methods. Examples of these types of utility libraries include unit test assertion libraries (see note below!) and the popular DataAnnotationsExtensions package. DO consider creating a Source-Only package for small single purpose libraries. SimpleJson is already doing this (though not following these conventions) but you can image any code appropriate for a blog post or Gist would fit the definition well. (Aside: a Gist to Source-Only NuGet Package service would be pretty useful!)
consider creating a Source-Only package for small single purpose libraries. SimpleJson is already doing this (though not following these conventions) but you can image any code appropriate for a blog post or Gist would fit the definition well. (Aside: a Gist to Source-Only NuGet Package service would be pretty useful!) DO consider creating a Source-Only package for common configuration and setup code or any code which will require tweaking by the user.
consider creating a Source-Only package for common configuration and setup code or any code which will require tweaking by the user. DO NOT consider creating a Source-Only package as a means to simply make step-debugging easier. Instead leverage a symbols package.
Source-Only Package Update Process
One of the nice things about assemblies is that the process of versioning them is well understood. How do we version and update source-only NuGet packages? Luckily, NuGet's native handling of content works in our favor. Let's explore with an example:
I've created a source-only package called Reverse.Sources that contain an extension method for reversing a string. Let's install it:
Install-Package Reverse.Sources -Version 1.0.0
Great, now our project contains that StringExtensions.cs file with an implementation to reverse strings. It compiles right along with our application and is relatively out of our way.
Unfortunately, version 1.0.0 of my package had a bug and blows up if a null string is passed into the Reverse method. I've added a simple guard clause to fix the problem and released it in version 1.1.0. Let's update:
Update-Package Reverse.Sources
Notice Solution Explorer looks nearly identical – Reverse.Sources.1.0.0 was simply replaced, along with all of it's files, by Reverse.Sources.1.1.0. I've updated my project without any troubles and I have that nice bug fix now.
But what if we had made changes to StringExtensions.cs? NuGet would have simply left behind the files you've edited.
We'd know that there was a problem too because the compiler would complain with a “The namespace ‘Sources_Example' already contains a definition for ‘StringExtensions'” error.
To fix that error we can use a text diff/merge tool to move the changes over and delete the old 1.0.0 folder.
To me this is a pretty clean upgrade process. Sure we could sometimes get into a situation where we have to deal with merging, but we also get the benefits of working directly with the code.
Are Source-Only Packages A Bad Idea?
Perhaps yes, perhaps no. I don't think they are that crazy of an idea though. Large numbers of developers outside the .NET ecosystem already work almost exclusively with source only packages. Further, I'd propose that you do as well if you've ever included jQuery, Modernizr or any other JavaScript NuGet package in your project.
I for one probably wouldn't want all packages to be source-only (we certainly won't be shipping Glimpse like this!), but there are situations where I think it could be extremely useful – particularly in scenarios involving extensibility/tweaking and reducing dependency overhead when I might have reached for ILMerge otherwise.
I'm hoping that this post can start a bit of a conversation about the idea of source only packages and increase the community's comfort with them. I'm interested to hear the thoughts of the NuGet team and will be submitting these conventions to the NuGet documentation shortly.
Note: It looks like this is on Brad Wilson's mind too!
Part of me wonders if @xunit v2 should ship Assert as NuGet-based source instead of binary, so you can easily extend it (or ignore it). — Brad WARLOCKson (@bradwilson) September 1, 2013
Updated Oct 25th with feedback from Phil Haack, Louis DeJardin, Prabir Shrestha and Andrew Nurse. Thanks for the feedback guys!
Advertisements
City Councilmember Mike Bonin will announce a $50,000 reward on Friday morning at City Hall for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible for the murder of 24-year old Guillermo Carmona-Perez.
Bonin will be joined by members of Carmona-Perez's family and Los Angeles Police Department's West Bureau Homicide detectives to discuss the reward at a press conference on Friday morning, which will immediately follow the City Council vote on Bonin's motion.
“Guillermo's murder is a disturbing and horrific crime and a tragedy for his family, friends and the entire Venice community,” said Bonin. “Our neighborhoods will be safer once the person or people responsible for this crime are off the streets, and this reward will hopefully help the LAPD as we seek justice for Guillermo.”
On Monday, November 18, 2013, at approximately 12:15 a.m., officers from LAPD's Pacific Division were flagged down by a citizen at Washington Boulevard and Pacific Avenue in Venice. Upon arriving, officers observed Guillermo Carmona-Perez, who had reportedly been walking between jobs, lying in the street with an apparent stab wound. Los Angeles Fire Department paramedics responded to the location and transported Guillermo to a local hospital, where he later died from his injuries.
Bonin's reward motion, which was requested by the LAPD, will be considered by the City Council near the beginning of the 10:15 a.m. meeting, and the press conference will be held in the media room behind City Council Chambers immediately following the vote.
The LAPD is asking anyone with information about this case to contact police at 310-382-9470.
Shrek is such a cartoon exaggeration that it seems like if he were based on a real person, it would be loosely, but it turns out that the artists who worked on Shrek had a real life model that looked exactly like their green ogre with a heart of gold.
Russian-born French professional wrestler Maurice Tillet, also known as “The French Angel” is the real life Shrek. Tillet has such exaggerated features because in his twenties he developed acromegaly, a condition where the body has taken much growth hormone, and the bones and tissue continue to get larger.
Here he is at age 13 before developing the disorder:
Maurice wrestled in Europe and the U.S. in the 30s and 40s. In 1950 sculptor Louis Linck made several busts of Maurice, which have a greenish tinge. Two of the masks are on display at The Weightlifting Hall of Fame and York Barbell Museum.
An anonymous blogger who says he worked at Dreamworks art department during the time that Shrek was being developed says he had photos of oddballs, including wrestlers like “‘The Swedish Angel','Irish Angel' and the ‘French Angel'. They may well have inspired the modelers who sculpted Shrek.” The modeler and artist who worked on Shrek have remained quiet about their inspiration, but there has been no flat-out denial that Maurice inspired Shrek.
Shrek was voice by Mike Myers, but the role originally went to Chris Farley, who recorded nearly 90% of the film before he passed away of a drug overdose in 1997. The Chris Farley version of Shrek had a different plotline and Shrek was originally much sweeter. His love interest Princess Fiona was to be voiced by Janeane Garofalo, but when the movie was reworked she was fired from the film. “I was never told why. I assume because I sound like a man sometimes? I don't know why,” Janeane told Film.com in 2007. “Nobody told me… But, you know, the movie didn't do anything, so who cares?” As much as we love Janeane, she's wrong about that. Shrek, was was released in 2001, made $484.4 million at the box office and launched a successful movie franchise for Dreamworks.
Here's some early Shrek artwork compared the the Shrek that ended up looking strikingly like Maurice Tillet:
Presideont Donald Trump has continued to face criticism for his response to a fatal white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, last month. | Evan Vucci/AP Trump demands ESPN 'apologize for untruth'
President Donald Trump demanded an apology from ESPN on Friday “for untruth,” days after one of the sports network's highest profile employees called the president “a white supremacist.”
“ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming),” Trump tweeted Friday morning. “People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!”
Story Continued Below
Trump's tweets were the president's first comments on the dispute between the White House and ESPN's Jemele Hill, a black journalist who co-hosts “SportsCenter.”
Hill called Trump “a white supremacist” on Monday. She accused him of surrounding himself with white supremacists and said he is “the most ignorant, offensive president of my lifetime” whose presidency is “a direct result of white supremacy.”
“He is unqualified and unfit to be president,” she said. “He is not a leader. And if he were not white, he never would have been elected.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Wednesday called Hill's tweets “outrageous” and suggested they amounted to a “fireable offense.”
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Sanders faced a series of questions Friday, and while she wouldn't clarify whether she believes Hill should be fired, Sanders stood by her initial comment and accused the company of being hypocritical and inconsistent.
“I think the point is that ESPN has been hypocritical. They should hold anchors to a fair and consistent standard,” Sanders said.
She pointed specifically to Linda Cohn, who was told in April to take a day off after saying on a radio show that ESPN had lost part of its base by becoming too political.
Asked if the White House's position is that ESPN should fire Hill, Sanders demurred.
“That is not a decision I want to make. That is something for ESPN to decide,” she said. “I think it is a fireable offense based on the standard that ESPN has set themselves by saying that people that go too far and make political comments have been suspended from their own network. I think that that is a consistency that they should probably focus on.”
An ESPN spokesperson didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
But the company distanced itself from Hill in a statement Tuesday, saying her comments don't represent its position. The company later said Hill apologized for crossing the line and appearing to speak on behalf of ESPN.
Hill addressed “the elephant in the room” with a statement Wednesday in which she did not apologize but expressed regret for painting the network “in an unfair light.”
“My comments on Twitter expressed my personal beliefs,” she said.
Trump has continued to face criticism for his response to a fatal white supremacist rally in Virginia last month. The president received bipartisan backlash after failing to explicitly condemn the white supremacists, KKK members and neo-Nazis who clashed with counterprotesters in Charlottesville. He eventually did but doubled down on his original stance blaming “both sides” for violence that occurred.
He told reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday that he maintained that position during a meeting Wednesday with South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott, the upper chamber's lone black Republican who had criticized the president for his response.
“I think especially in light of the advent of Antifa, if you look at what's going on there, you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also, and essentially that's what I said,” Trump recalled telling Scott.
Hasbro recently opened up its toy universe by letting you sell fan fiction; now, it's giving you a chance to make some officially-sanctioned toys of your own. The company has just teamed up with Shapeways to launch SuperFanArt, a site that lets you both buy and sell 3D-printed designs based on Hasbro's brands. You're currently limited to producing art based on My Little Pony, but other imaginary worlds will be allowed in the "coming months." You know, just in case you're not quite so fond of Pinkie Pie's crew. No, SuperFanArt's catalog won't be as good as picking up an actual doll or action figure. However, it might do the trick if you're looking for a simple desk ornament -- or if your kids aren't very fussy about their playthings.
The Telegraph With his bouffant black hair, white short-sleeve shirt and endless boring speeches, he certainly seemed like a high-ranking Communist party official.
But Zhao Xiyong, who has claimed since 2010 to be the head of China 's State Council Research Office - giving him the rank of vice-minister - was an artful impostor.
For years, Mr Zhao pulled off a pitch-perfect impersonation of a leader from Beijing that local officials in the south western province of Yunnan, being subordinate in rank, did not dare to question.
He was allowed to give keynote talks at important conferences, seated with pride of place at the banquet table, and grovelled to by local officials.
He would also frequently tour the province, delivering vague and empty speeches and greeting local Communist party chiefs.
A local radio station dutifully reported one of his visits, to a vegetable farm to the city of Yuxi, where he met the county's agriculture officials and led a delegation of 89 people on a tour of drought-affected areas.
"The government should make full use of its economic advantage, actively learning from other's experiences, and explore a new path that incorporates scientific research, production and marketing," he said, without any obvious meaning, to polite applause. A chubby and jovial figure who often dangled a cigarette, Mr Zhao was an adept politician. In one speech, he praised the Yunnei car engine company as a well-loved brand in Europe and claimed it would "open a UK manufacturing base in January 2013".
He only seems to have overreached himself last November, when he promised delegates at a conference in Kunming, the capital of Yunnan, that the government had approved a new free-trade zone to boost the city's economy.
"Kunming, as the core city in the plan, will receive a huge boost to its industry and economy," he said. "I sincerely hope the local government and party creates a good environment for companies that invest here."
Perhaps to his dismay, his surprise announcement made the headlines in the local newspapers and prompted a flood of queries to the State Council for confirmation.
On March 8, the State Council, China's cabinet, responded unambiguously.
"We have recently received reports that Zhao Xiyong is pretending to be the head of the State Council Research Office and an official of vice-minister level. We announce that he does not work for the State Council, and that no research team has ever been sent to Yunnan province," said a statement.
Mr Zhao's current whereabouts, and indeed his true identity, are unknown.
If caught, he could face three to ten years in prison.
"He performed his official duties without a secretary, he organised events, made speeches, handled social activities, wrote calligraphy and cut ribbons, he successful cheated the State Council and provincial officials. He is in no way different from a real official!" commented one wag on the Chinese internet.
Additional reporting by Valentina Luo
This was the first extracapsular cataract extraction operation on record. It was a seemingly miraculous procedure: when his bandages were removed after a week of bed rest, Garion could see again. Over the next forty years, Daviel performed 206 such operations, 182 of which he claimed were successful—impressive odds for the time. After he explained his method to the Académie Royale de Chirurgie in 1753, other surgeons followed suit. Over the next century, hundreds of different medical knives were designed to try to create smoother incisions, which would speed healing and minimalize the chance of infection. Surgeons developed their own signature cuts, and ophthalmology illustrations show a variety of these marks, scarred onto the cornea like runic signs or the Utopian alphabet invented by Thomas More. In one example, the doctors' surnames and the date of each procedure are inscribed below a circle containing their patented triangle, zigzag, anchor, square, cross, circle, or V and T slit. Together they form a secret language of eyes.
The Competition and Markets Authority raised concerns over 'higher fares or reduced service quality'.
Rob Enwiki
Plans to return the East Coast main line to the private sector after five years of public ownership have run into difficulties.
Inter City Railways Ltd (ICRL), a subsidiary jointly owned by Stagecoach and Virgin Trains, is due to take over the London to Scotland line on March 1.
But the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has said competition could potentially be reduced on sections of the East Coast line on which Stagecoach already operate.
Sections between Peterborough and Grantham and between Peterborough and Lincoln overlap with East Midlands Trains services operated by Stagecoach.
The CMA said that on both of these overlapping rail services there was no other rail operator and only a minimal coach service.
It added that there was also an overlap of East Coast rail services with Citylink coach services, which are operated and jointly owned by Stagecoach, between Edinburgh and Dundee as well as between Edinburgh and Aberdeen.
The only competing public transport services are provided by ScotRail and Arriva Cross Country, the CMA said.
It added that it had found that there was "a realistic prospect that the award of the East Coast franchise to ICRL would lead to higher fares or reduced service quality for rail passengers travelling on these overlapping routes".
The CMA said ICRL now had the opportunity to resolve the competition concerns identified by the CMA within five working days after receiving the CMA's reasons for its decision.
The CMA has until February 20 to decide whether these might be acceptable as a suitable remedy or it will launch an in-depth merger investigation.
East Coast has been run under the control of the Department for Transport since late 2009 following National Express's withdrawal.
Embarrassing
Labour and rail unions have accused the UK Government of rushing through the new franchise to get the re-privatisation through before the general election.
Shadow transport secretary Michael Dugher said last night: "This is extremely embarrassing for the Government and demonstrates once again that the whole rushed franchise process should never have happened.
"David Cameron put privatisation ahead of the public interest when he decided to re-privatise the line.
"Labour has called for a wholesale review of the franchise process. A different approach is needed - one that puts the public interest first, reverses the presumption against the public sector and properly stands up for passengers."
Stagecoach said in a statement: "The CMA was required by law to carry out a 'Phase 1' review of all UK rail franchise awards.
"Stagecoach notes that the CMA has identified limited issues. The company will study the detail of the CMA's review decision and work constructively with the authority to address the issues raised with a view to running services under the Virgin Trains East Coast brand as planned from 1 March 2015."
A Department for Transport spokesman said: "We are confident that this franchise gives the best deal for passengers.
"It will provide more seats, more services, new trains and over £140m of investment along the route. In addition more than £3bn will be paid to taxpayers.
"Stagecoach/Virgin will take over responsibility for the franchise on March 1 2015, as planned. They are now working to address the CMA's concerns. It would not be appropriate to comment further while the CMA's review is ongoing."
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — Moving men say a road rage incident left one of them shot in the face while they were driving to work in Miami.
The Miami-Dade Fire Department responded to the shooting call Friday afternoon at 20911 S.W. 244th Street, to find the victim sitting on the ground being treated by co-workers with ‘Two Men and a Truck.'
“We were on the way to our job,” said one of the movers. “And the guy ran the stop sign, and he was flicking us off and all that, and all we did was beep the horn at him. And we tried to keep going but he followed us and fired off a shot at us, at first, when he sped by us.”
“My friend just honked the truck and the other guy stopped the truck and started screaming,” said co-worker Jeffrey Mesa.
The gunman then parked his truck up the road, they said.
“And as we were coming through the next stop sign, he was parked, and just aimed and shot in the window, and shot my friend while he was driving,” the mover continued.
The victim was suffering from a wound to the face, as well as his shoulder, but was alert and talking. His co-worker used the shirt off his back to help stop the bleeding as paramedics arrived.
They described the gunman as a Hispanic male with shoulder-length hair, driving a box truck.
This face-on spiral galaxy, called NGC 3982, is striking for its rich tapestry of star birth, along with its winding arms. The arms are lined with pink star-forming regions of glowing hydrogen, newborn blue star clusters, and obscuring dust lanes that provide the raw material for future generations of stars. The bright nucleus is home to an older population of stars, which grow ever more densely packed toward the center.
NGC 3982 is located about 68 million light-years away in the constellation Ursa Major. The galaxy spans about 30,000 light-years, one-third of the size of our Milky Way galaxy. This color image is composed of exposures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope's Wide Field Camera 3 (WFC3), the Advanced Camera for Surveys (ACS), and the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 (WFPC2). The observations were taken between March 2000 and August 2009.
Guest || 18 May 2018 12:25 pm ||
SAP IDES (Internet Demonstration and Evaluation System)
SAP IDES is a normal R/3 but with lots of DEMO data. The system that contains several sample companies typifying relevant business processes. It is simple to use and has a variety of master and transaction data, and is used for demos, online/classroom training, and presentations. Potential customers use IDES to trial and test software via Internet.
SAP IDES – the "Internet Demonstration and Evaluation System" in the R/3 System, represents a model company. It consists of an international group with subsidiaries in several countries. IDES contains application data for various business scenarios that can be run in the SAP System. The business processes in the IDES system are designed to reflect real-life business requirements and have access to many realistic characteristics. IDES uses easy-to-follow business scenarios to show you the comprehensive functions of the R/3 System. The focal point of IDES, however, is not the functionality itself, but the business processes and their integration.
Features of IDES
SAP manages IDES as any other regular business enterprise. It regularly updates the IDES data such as master data, transaction data and also the customization. The transaction data are generated in order to make sure that the information systems in all the areas have access to the realistic evaluation data. SAP also carries out the period-end closing and plan with different time-horizons. The latest functions available in the R/3 System are represented and documented by IDES scenarios. IDES provides the ideal way to learn about areas such as Product Cost Controlling, Activity-Based Costing, or integrated Service Management and Plant Maintenance.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Embed Add to Favorites Added to Favorites Make Feature You must login to Pinkbike. Don't have an account? Sign up
Join Pinkbike Login
Video player is disabled while the embed window is open. Copy and paste the HTML code below:
Color: Size: X
Autoplay | Loop
Show headshot | Show title | Show by line
Vitus First Tracks Film Competition Winner
Mountain Biking in Northern Ireland, that was the entire speck for the filming competition anything else goes. The film highlights a group on Facebook called “Just Ride Your Bike NI” and all the riders. It highlighs off some of Northern Ireland's amazing MTB spots and shows what our riders are capable of!
Pin Yum Email +1 2K Shares
Ful Mudammas – Learn a historical Middle Eastern recipe from ancient times made with fava beans, olive oil, onion, garlic, and cumin. Ancient Israelite cooking.
The fava bean porridge of the donation
and the garlic and oil of daily life…
– Mishna Tvul Yom 2, 3
MY OTHER RECIPES MY OTHER RECIPES MY LATEST VIDEOS
For Throwback Thursday, I'm revisiting one of the first recipes I covered on my blog – Ful Mudammas. This refreshed version features beautiful new photographs by my talented friend Kelly Jaggers.
I've always been curious about the recipes and ingredients of ancient Israel: the grains, meats, vegetables, fruits and spices that were consumed in Biblical times. This period in history has always fascinated me, especially the food—what was eaten, how it was prepared and the ways it was served. Finding out how people lived thousands of years ago is like putting together a complicated puzzle with lots of missing pieces. We rely on the research of archaeologists, historians, and the surviving texts from this period—the Talmud, Roman writings, and of course the Bible. Here, we read the Bible as a history book, gleaning clues from both the Torah and the New Testament to determine the important role food played in Biblical times.
A few years ago I visited two places in Israel that offer a rare glimpse at ancient Biblical life: Nazareth Village and Neot Kedumim Biblical Landcape Reserve. Both of these locations offer a unique opportunity to experience what life was like for the ancient Israelites. At Neot Kedumim I met with Dr. Tova Dickstein, who is known worldwide as an expert on ancient and Biblical foods. She's been interviewed by National Geographic and the History Channel, as well as the Naked Archaeologist. Tova generously shared her extensive knowledge of Biblical foods with me, which made for a fascinating afternoon.
Tova gave me an educational tour of Neot Kedumim. The reserve stands above a valley where archaeologists have unearthed one of the oldest known agricultural communities. Neot Kedumim was established in the 1960's by Noga Hareuven, a well-known biblical botanist. He wanted to create an educational park where the landscape would reflect the physical setting of the Bible. The plants, trees and crops that grow there reflect the flora of ancient Israel. After the park was established, archaeologists discovered some incredible things at Neot Kedumim, including ancient wine and olive oil presses. The park also contains reconstructed wheat threshing floors, water cisterns, and ritual baths.
If you're planning a trip to Israel and you have an interest in Biblical history, I recommend a visit to Neot Kedumim. Here is a link to their website if you want to learn more:
Neot Kedumim Biblical Landscape Reserve
At one point during our interview, I asked Tova what the main protein source was for the ancient Israelites. She explained to me that meat was rarely consumed because it was too expensive for the majority of ancient Israelites; it was considered a “luxury” and was eaten sparingly. They ate a largely vegetarian diet that relied heavily on grains, Mediterranean vegetables, fruits, and legumes. One of most popular legumes in the Biblical diet was the “broad bean,” or what we refer to today as the fava bean.
Fava beans are one of the oldest domesticated food legumes. References to fava beans occur in both the Talmud and the Mishna, indicating they have been part of the Middle Eastern diet since at least since the 4th century. During our interview, Tova told me that fava beans were likely one of the main protein sources for the ancient Israelites. In fact, the ancient method for cooking fava beans is discussed in the Talmud. The beans were immersed in a pot of water, sealed, then buried beneath hot coals so they could slowly cook.
Ful mudammas (pronounced fool mu-dah-mahs), a popular Middle Eastern dish made from fava beans, bears similarity to this ancient method of cooking. Sometimes spelled foul mudammas and often referred to as simply “ful,” this dish is served throughout the Middle East. Ful is known for making you feel full and satisfied due to its high fiber content. In Muslim countries ful is often eaten during Ramadan before sunrise so people can fast more easily during the daylight hours. It is sometimes served on top of chickpea hummus in a dish called “hummus ful.”
Ful mudammas is served in different ways throughout the Middle East; it is particularly popular in Egypt and Lebanon. Some countries top it with hard-boiled egg, others like it with chopped fresh tomatoes. Some serve it mashed, others leave the beans whole. The base of the dish tends to be the same everywhere, including fava beans, garlic, lemon juice and olive oil. Lemon wasn't cultivated in Israel at the time of the Torah, though there was a similar citrus fruit called a “citron” that was sometimes used in cooking. That said, lemon juice adds a terrific flavor to ful mudammas. If you would like to keep it strictly Biblical-style, cut the lemon. The rest of the ingredients were available and common to the ancient Israelites.
Ful muddamas is traditionally served for breakfast or lunch, sometimes together with hummus, alongside fresh warm pita bread. The bread is used to scoop up the fava beans. Personally I find this dish quite filling without the bread, so those of you who are gluten-free can readily enjoy this recipe too. I usually use roasted garlic in my ful, which is easier to digest than raw. Either can be used; raw garlic will have a stronger flavor in the finished dish.
Food Photography and Styling by Kelly Jaggers
Recommended Products:
Saute Pan
Mixing Bowls
Potato Masher
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Pin Yum Email +1 2K Shares
Last September, in the wake of the 2013 Hugo Award announcements, I decided to put together an early draft ballot for 2014, a look ahead at what I'd already enjoyed in 2013 and hoped to see awarded at the next WorldCon. Now, with nomination period open, I am revisiting that list, with revisions.
Below are the writers, books, movies, videogames and other SFF-related goodies that, if I were filling it out today (I won't be, I'll fill it out in March, after I've had time to digest more work), would appear on my ballot. Tell me why I'm right (or, more likely, wrong), and let me know what is going to make your ballot (or would, if you're not a WorldCon member.)
Note: New additions to the list have been marked with a red asterisk, like so *.
So, onto the awards.
Best Novel
The Tyrant's Law by Daniel Abraham (REVIEW — Buy) – Another addition to a series that proves Abraham is one genre's (he publishes a fantasy, science fiction, and urban fantasy novel each year) most consistent and prolific authors. On top of that, The Dagger and the Coin fills a perfect niche between the sprawling politically-charged fantasy of Martin and the adventurous, 80s-throwback fantasy of Brooks.
Shattered Pillars by Elizabeth Bear (REVIEW — Buy) – Seriously. You like fantasy? You want fantasy to be more than a cliched, quasi-medieval broken record? Go read this series.
The Republic of Thieves by Scott Lynch (REVIEW — Buy) – Lynch still has it. A big step up from Red Seas Under Red Skies, and proof that he knows how to to evolve the series beyond the heist-a-book style that it appeared to be through the first two volumes.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman (Buy) – I'm still thinking about this one week after finishing it. As beautiful, melancholy, and nostalgic as anything Gaiman has written.
Ancillary Justice * by Ann Leckie (REVIEW — Buy) – A progressive and thoughtful space opera that toys with reader preconception and engagement. Stick through the early pages (I found them difficult to adjust to), and the payoff is mighty fine.
Also/maybe/are these good?
River of Stars by Guy Gavriel Kay, Love Minus Eighty by Will McIntosh, The Golen and the Jinni by Helene Wecker, The Best of All Possible Worlds by Karen Lord.
Best Professional Artist
(As always with this category, it can be difficult to tell exactly when artists are producing their work. If they finished a painting for a book cover in 2012, but the book is released in 2013, does that count?)
Julie Dillon – Hhngggh.
Olly Moss – Double hhngggh.
Yeong-Hao Han – I discovered Yeong-Hao Han through Magic: The Gathering and fell in love with the creativity, texture and emotional resonance of his work. His art for Millstone is particularly striking and thoughtful. More of his art can be found on his CG Hub page.
Lauren Panepinto – Call me crazy, because Panepinto is, officially, the Art Director at Orbit Books, and not a ‘Professional Artist' in the same sense as the other folk on this list, but Orbit features some of the most striking and unique covers these days and Panepinto creates many of them herself through composite imagery and photoshop trickery. I think the artistry of her contributions to the look of genre (hooded dude be-damned) deserves some recognition. Panepinto explores her process in several posts on the Orbit Books blog.
Galen Dara * — I'm fairly new to Dara's work, but when I came across this tumblr post about her 2013 eligible work, I knew she had to be on my ballot.
Also/maybe/are these good?
Todd Lockwood, Marc Simonetti*, Richard Anderson*, Joey HiFi*.
Best Fan Writer
Also/maybe/are these good?
Renay, Jared Shurin, Niall Alexander, Abigail Nussbaum, Adam Whitehead*, Tansy Rayner Roberts*
Best Fanzine
Best Semiprozine
Best Related Work
Speculative Fiction 2012: The Best Online Reviews, Essays and Commentary * , edited by Jared Shurin and Justin Landon — It's funny to be nominating a collection full of 2012 work for a 2013 award, but Shurin and Landon's work at collecting the best that the online community has to offer is a vitally important piece the growing genre discussion.
, edited by Jared Shurin and Justin Landon — It's funny to be nominating a collection full of 2012 work for a 2013 award, but Shurin and Landon's work at collecting the best that the online community has to offer is a vitally important piece the growing genre discussion. “‘We Have Always Fought': Challenging the ‘Women, Cattle and Slaves' Narrative” * by Kameron Hurley — Kameron's essay on women fighters was one of the most widely read and discussed pieces in fandom this year. Several other Hugo voters have suggested it be nominated in this category, and I'd be a fool to disagree. If you haven't read it yet, well… get to it. You'll learn something.
by Kameron Hurley — Kameron's essay on women fighters was one of the most widely read and discussed pieces in fandom this year. Several other Hugo voters have suggested it be nominated in this category, and I'd be a fool to disagree. If you haven't read it yet, well… get to it. You'll learn something. Tor.com * — It's too big to be a Semiprozine, but it's impact on fandom is undeniable. I'd love to see Irene Gallo an co., and all the writers at Tor.com, awarded for their ongoing contributions.
Best Fancast
Best Editor (Short Form)
Neil Clarke – Does he need an introduction? It's worth also pointing out Gardner Dozois and Sean Wallace for their work as editor and reprint editor at Clarkesworld. Kate Baker does wonderful work, too, but she's the non-fiction editor, which probably doesn't count here.
Patrick Nielsen Hayden, Liz Gorinsky, Ann VanderMeer, and Ellen Datlow – Though they're slow as molasses in January (I figure it's only suitable to use cliches in a conversation about editors), it's hard to argue that the Tor.com editorial staff aren't publishing some of the strongest and most consistent short fiction digitally or in print. Too bad it's difficult to determine who acquired which stories.
Jared Shurin and Anne Perry – Can you nominate a duo? The Lowest Heaven is a sublime collection.
Brit Mandelo, Julia Rios, and An Owomoyela – Strange Horizons continues to treat SFF fandom with more respect than any other venue, as something to be explored, treasured and analyzed, and to aid in the celebration of SFF's diversity. Their fiction is no different and these three editors continue to publish some of genre's best stories.
Dramatic Presentation (Long Form)
Bioshock Infinite – Yeah, the gameplay is a little tired, especially the combat, but the exploration, art direction (!) and story are stick-with-ya-like-a-ladle-full-of-cinnamon.
Star Trek Into Darkness – Somehow manages to be bigger, more energetic, smarter and more fun than its predecessor. Also, many fewer plot holes. From the opening scene, it felt like falling into good company and old friends.
Game of Thrones (Season Three) * — It just keeps on getting better.
Secret Hugo for Best Novel not Published in 2013, but, damnit, go read it anyway!
The Time Traveller's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger — Good golly. This is one of the best novels I've read this decade. I should've listened to my wife when she suggested it a few years ago.
Westport Pharmaceuticals launches Zephrex-D, a tamper-resistant PSE formulation
Get all the latest industry news in your inbox.
ST. LOUIS – Westport Pharmaceuticals on Tuesday launched Zephrex-D, a tamper-resistant pseudoephedrine-based decongestant that now is available in retail stores throughout the St. Louis region and the state of Missouri.
The unique formulation of Zephrex-D provides decongestant relief for consumers while protecting against the illicit manufacture of methamphetamine. “The arrival of Zephrex-D is an integral part of a comprehensive solution to help end meth labs and meth-related crime in our local communities, throughout Missouri and ultimately, across our country," stated Paul Hemings, VP and general manager for Westport.
Because it is a pseudoephedrine-based product, it still will be available behind the pharmacy counter as regulated by the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act of 2005. Some local ordinances require prescriptions to purchase pseudoephedrine products, but Zephrex-D has been exempted from the prescription requirement in several instances, the company reported.
Westport Pharmaceuticals has applied to the federal government for an exemption from the restrictions created by CMEA, the company reported on its website Zephrex-d.com/. "This exemption would enable retailers to place Zephrex-D back in their OTC sections, return direct consumer access to pseudoephedrine, save time and administrative costs for pharmacists, all while helping to reduce methamphetamine-related crime. Consumers win, retailers win and ‘meth cooks' lose."
Zephrex-D is made using Tarex, Highland Pharmaceuticals' patented technology that blocks the meth-making process while still providing full congestion relief for patients. "Our technology frustrates the most well-known methods of drug abuse, i.e. crushing for inhalation and injection, and extraction for concentrating for injection," Highland Pharmaceuticals stated in explaining the process. "Highland Pharmaceuticals can deliver both opioid-based analgesics and pseudoephedrine in GRAS formulation, thereby providing a new and unconventional approach to combat the issue of drug abuse."
According to Highland, when pseudoephedrine is delivered in the Tarex format, the standard extraction process is derailed, making the attempt to extract the active ingredient from the tablet unsuccessful. Accordingly, the resulting output cannot be used in subsequent steps to make methamphetamine.
Any retailer inquiries regarding Zephrex-D should be directed to Advantage Consumer Healthcare, Westport's national sales and marketing partner. Either Greg Bradley or Clark Brown can be reached at 412-706-5440, or via email at www.advantagechc.com.
Arsenal got the job done. It was not pretty and it was a little bit nervous towards the end, when Gonzalo Higuaín, predictably, scored against the club that tried to sign him in the summer and Mikel Arteta, the Arsenal captain, was dismissed for a second yellow card in the 77th minute. José Callejón scored with the tie's final kick.
But Arsène Wenger's team are in the knockout phase of the Champions League for the 14th season in succession and, in truth, their progress was never in doubt. They would have had to lose by three goals at this crackling venue and, despite the late drama, that did not look likely. Callejón's effort made things look tighter for Arsenal than they really were but his was nothing more than a consolation, which was barely celebrated by the Napoli support. For them, it rang hollow.
The sting had come moments earlier and if it represented the death knell for Napoli's Champions League adventure, it was not good news for Arsenal, either. Rafael Benítez and Napoli had needed to better Dortmund's result in Marseille and had looked set to do so but, with two minutes remaining here, the news of Dortmund's winning goal came in, cutting through the tension to bring deflation.
Napoli are out with 12 points; they are this Group of Death's casualty and, according to the club's president, Aurelio Di Laurentiis, there were tears in the dressing room. Yet, for Arsenal, it meant they were pipped to top spot by Dortmund on goal difference and, consequently, they will enter the last-16 draw on Monday among the non-seeds. They will face Real Madrid, Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Atlético Madrid or Paris St-Germain.
It is a sobering prospect and one that sparked the mixed feelings in Wenger and the squad. Here was the opportunity to get the result that, theoretically, stood to make things easier in the next round. It was passed up as Arsenal were caught between ensuring they achieved their basic objective and pushing for the bonus. The defender Per Mertesacker said his team had given "10 per cent less mentally because we knew we were through".
There were echoes of Arsenal's last-16, second-leg tie at Bayern Munich last season, when the Germans had to avoid a 3-0 defeat to progress. Arsenal won 2-0, as Bayern struggled to find the balance between attack and defence. It is never easy but, at least, Arsenal did not come unstuck. It was a curious performance from them, controlled and comfortable for long periods but never truly packing an attacking punch.
They created the best chance of the first half, on 23 minutes, when Mathieu Flamini's lovely first-time touch following a thrusting team move ushered in Olivier Giroud. The striker shot for the far corner only for Rafael, in for the injured Pepe Reina, to save. Mesut Özil addressed the rebound but, under pressure, could not get his shot away.
It was difficult to remember much else from Arsenal and their evening became characterised by the fight to keep Napoli at arm's length. Benítez's team had started brightly, pressing and hustling Arsenal's from their stride, but as Arteta and Flamini exerted their influence, Santi Cazorla delighted in little bursts and Laurent Koscielny showed his composure on the ball, Arsenal gained control.
The only alarm before the interval was sparked by Wojciech Szczesny, who showed flashes of too much comfort. He rushed, ill-advisedly, from his line and was fortunate that Christian Maggio's lob was too high, while an attempted clearance for Koscielny went straight at Higuaín, who, instinctively, directed a header at goal. It went wide.
There had been frustration for hundreds of travelling supporters when the coaches that Arsenal had provided to transport them to the stadium departed late and did not arrive in time for kick-off. The club had wanted to ensure their safety amid fears of further fan violence involving Napoli's ultras. Once inside, they could enjoy the atmosphere but the second half was less pleasurable. Pablo Armero raced on to the substitute Lorenzo Insigne's flick only to shoot at Szczesny; Callejón fizzed a drive past the far post and Higuaín got into dangerous areas. While Dortmund were level in Marseille, Napoli could hope and their evening was ignited when Higuaín took his big chance, with a low and unerring finish. Cue delirium, particularly from the PA announcer.
Gonzalo Higuaín, right, is distraught at the end of the Champions League tie with Arsenal after Napoli fail to go through, despite a 2-0 win. Photograph: Carlo Hermann/AFP/Getty Images
Arsenal did not need to panic, although the wobble became more pronounced when Arteta nibbled at the back of Callejón to incur his second booking. Wenger admitted that "doubt crept in" at what was a "difficult moment." Callejón's fall and roll was theatrical and Arteta will be suspended for the last-16, first leg.
But Arsenal kept their composure and, although Callejón went through to lob Szczesny, the die was cast. The merits of second place remain dubious.
The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya (涼宮ハルヒの消失, Suzumiya Haruhi no Shōshitsu) is a 2010 Japanese animated film based on the fourth Haruhi Suzumiya light novel of the same name written by Nagaru Tanigawa. It is produced by Kyoto Animation, written by Fumihiko Shimo and directed by Tatsuya Ishihara and Yasuhiro Takemoto. It was released in Japanese theaters on February 6, 2010 and on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on December 18, 2010. The film has been licensed by Bandai Entertainment in North America and Manga Entertainment in the UK. With a length of 162 minutes, the film is the second-longest animated film ever made (only surpassed by Final Yamato).[2]
Plot [ edit ]
Following on from the events of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya anime series, the story takes place from December 18 until December 24, a month after the cultural festival. The SOS Brigade, led by Haruhi Suzumiya (Aya Hirano), makes plans to have a nabe party for Christmas. However, on the morning of December 18, Kyon (Tomokazu Sugita) arrives at school and finds that the very nature of his reality has changed; Haruhi and Itsuki Koizumi (Daisuke Ono) are missing, Ryoko Asakura (Natsuko Kuwatani) has mysteriously returned, Mikuru Asahina (Yūko Gotō) does not recognize him and Yuki Nagato (Minori Chihara) is an ordinary human. Only Kyon is aware that everything is different and no one else remembers anything about Haruhi or the SOS Brigade. The only clue Kyon manages to find is a bookmark left by the alien version of Yuki before everything was changed, telling him to gather "keys" to run a program. While wondering about this clue, he gets to know the new Yuki, who appears to be quite fond of him. As December 20 comes, Kyon learns from Taniguchi (Minoru Shiraishi) that Haruhi was at another high school the whole time, along with Itsuki and others formerly from his school. By revealing his identity to her as 'John Smith', an alias he had used when he travelled back in time to assist a young Haruhi, Kyon manages to convince Haruhi to believe his story. With her assistance they gather the SOS Brigade together in the clubroom, thus bringing the keys necessary for a program built by alien Yuki.
Wanting to go back to his interesting life, Kyon activates the program and goes back in time to the Tanabata of three years ago. After meeting up with the future Mikuru, he obtains an uninstallation program from the past's Yuki, which needs to be shot at the culprit right after the change in the early hours of December 18. Returning to the present, they find the culprit, Yuki, who had borrowed Haruhi's power to change everyone's memories except Kyon's, giving him the choice of which world he would rather live in. Kyon questions himself about his choice and thinks to himself that a normal world without the SOS Brigade and Haruhi Suzumiya would be calm and peaceful and thinks Yuki was tired of everything she had to do like monitoring Haruhi's behavior and protecting Kyon, but finally decides that his original world was more interesting and fun. Kyon tries to install the program into Yuki but is stabbed by Ryoko, who had retained her psychotic behavior. Before Ryoko can finish him off, he is rescued by future counterparts of Yuki, Mikuru and himself. He wakes up a few days later in a hospital, where the world is back to normal, but almost everyone believes Kyon had been in a coma since December 18 after falling down the stairs. When Yuki mentions to Kyon how the Data Integration Thought Entity would punish her for her actions, Kyon tells her to let them know that if they ever try such a thing, he can tell Haruhi about him being John Smith and have her alter reality so the organization would cease to exist. As December 24 comes and his everyday life returns, Kyon decides there is still time before he has to go back in time to save himself and decides to join in on the Christmas party.
Cast [ edit ]
Japanese
English
Production and release [ edit ]
On December 18, 2007, the official website of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya anime series, haruhi.tv, was replaced by a fake 404 error with five form input fields, a reference to the pivotal date in The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya, the fourth volume in the light novel series.[3] The story of The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya did not appear in the 2009 re-airing of the anime series The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, which included previously un-aired episodes adapted from the second, third and fifth novels. However, at the close of the 2009 season on October 8, 2009, a 30-second teaser trailer showing Yuki Nagato was aired, revealing that The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya would actually be a film,[4] set for a February 6, 2010 release.[5] A one-minute promotional video was released in December 2009.[6] The film was released on BD/DVD, in regular and limited editions on December 18, 2010 in Japan.[7][8]
The film was licensed for North America distribution by Bandai Entertainment. English-subtitled screenings began running in San Francisco's Viz Theater from May 21, 2010, and were followed by a screening at the Laemmle's Sunset theater in Hollywood on June 24, 2010[9] and a theatrical run in Hawaii in June 2010 through Consolidated Theatres and Artisan Gateway as part of their Spotlight Asia Films program.[10] An English-language version has been co-produced by Bang Zoom! Entertainment and was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in North America on September 20, 2011.[11][12][13] Manga Entertainment released it in the UK on DVD on November 7, 2011,[14][15][16] though a planned 2012 Blu-ray release has been cancelled.[17] Madman Entertainment released the film on DVD and Blu-ray in Australia and New Zealand on November 16, 2011.[18][19] The film had its European premiere on October 17, 2010 at the Scotland Loves Anime event in Edinburgh.[20] Animax Asia has aired the film.[21]
Music [ edit ]
The film's theme song is "Yasashii Bōkyaku" (優しい忘却, "Tender Oblivion") by Minori Chihara, the single of which was released on February 24, 2010.[22] The opening theme is "Bōken Desho Desho?" by Aya Hirano. The film's original soundtrack was released on January 27, 2010. The soundtrack also contains Erik Satie's Gymnopédies, Gnossiennes and his composition "Je te veux", which were used in the film.[23] The soundtrack is performed by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra and was produced by Satoru Kōsaki.
Original soundtrack disc 1 No. Title Music Length 1. "Itsumo no Fūkei kara Hajimaru Monogatari" ( いつもの風景から始まる物語 The Story Begins With the Usual Scenery) Satoru Kōsaki 3:51 2. "SOS-dan Christmas Party" ( SOS団クリスマスパーティ SOS Brigade Christmas Party) Satoru Kōsaki 2:24 3. "Dotabata Time" ( ドタバタ・タイム Noisy Time) Satoru Kōsaki 1:03 4. "Nichijō no Saki ni Machiukeru Mono" ( 日常の先に待ち受けるもの Everyday Things That Lie Ahead) Keigo Hoashi 0:51 5. "Asakura Ryōko to Iu Josei" ( 朝倉涼子という女性 The Woman Named Ryoko Asakura) Ryūichi Takada 2:59 6. "Fuan kara Kyōfu e" ( 不安から恐怖へ From Anxiety to Fear) Ryūichi Takada 1:44 7. "Uragirareta Kitai" ( 裏切られた期待 Betrayed Expectations) Keigo Hoashi 2:48 8. "Kodoku Sekai no Hirogari" ( 孤独世界の広がり Lonely World's Spread) Keigo Hoashi 3:14 9. "Kankyō Henka no Zehi" ( 環境変化の是非 Pros and Cons of Environmental Changes) Satoru Kōsaki 2:56 10. "Suzumiya Haruhi no Tegakari" ( 涼宮ハルヒの手がかり The Trail of Haruhi Suzumiya) Kakeru Ishihama 1:27 11. "Hayaru Kokoro to Mae ni Denai Ashi" ( はやる心と前に出ない足 Impatient Spirit and Immovable Feet) Satoru Kōsaki 1:14 12. "Tsunagatta Kioku" ( つながった記憶 Memories Tied Together) Satoru Kōsaki 2:33 13. "SOS-dan Futatabi" ( SOS団再び SOS Brigade Once Again) Satoru Kōsaki 1:56 14. "Ready?" Ryūichi Takada 4:13 15. "Ano Hi no Kioku o Oikakete" ( あの日の記憶を追いかけて Chasing the Memory of That Day) Satoru Kōsaki 1:27 16. "Michibiku Josei no Kataru Kotoba" ( 導く女性の語る言葉 Having Words With the Female Guide) Keigo Hoashi 2:26 17. "Mirai e no Ashiato" ( 未来への足跡 Footprints From the Future) Keigo Hoashi 1:53 18. "Gymnopédie No. 2" ( ジムノペディ 第2番 Jimunopedi Dai Ni-ban) Erik Satie 2:55 19. "Nagato Yuki no Kokoro ni Aru Mono" ( 長門有希の心にあるもの In the Heart of Yuki Nagato) Keigo Hoashi 2:88 20. "Jikoishiki no Kakunin" ( 自己意識の確認 Awakening Self-Consciousness) Keigo Hoashi 2:44 21. "Rekishi no Tenkanten" ( 歴史の転換点 Converging Point of History) Ryūichi Takada 3:18 22. "Futatabi Deaeta Dan'intachi" ( 再び出逢えた団員たち Meeting Brigade Members Once Again) Satoru Kōsaki 5:01 23. "Itsumo no Fūkei de Owaru Monogatari" ( いつもの風景で終わる物語 The Story Ends With the Usual Scenery) Satoru Kōsaki 3:16
Original soundtrack disc 2 No. Title Music Length 1. "Gymnopédie No. 1" ( ジムノペディ 第1番 Jimunopedi Dai Ichi-ban) Erik Satie 3:17 2. "Gymnopédie No. 2" ( ジムノペディ 第2番 Jimunopedi Dai Ni-ban) Erik Satie 2:50 3. "Gymnopédie No. 3" ( ジムノペディ 第3番 Jimunopedi Dai San-ban) Erik Satie 2:27 4. "Gnossienne No. 1" ( グノシエンヌ 第1番 Gunoshiennu Dai Ichi-ban) Erik Satie 3:24 5. "Gnossienne No. 2" ( グノシエンヌ 第2番 Gunoshiennu Dai Ni-ban) Erik Satie 2:17 6. "Gnossienne No. 3" ( グノシエンヌ 第3番 Gunoshiennu Dai San-ban) Erik Satie 2:56 7. "Je te veux" ( ジュ・トゥ・ヴー I Want You) Erik Satie 5:15
Related media [ edit ]
A spin-off manga titled The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan (長門有希ちゃんの消失, Nagato Yuki-chan no Shōshitsu) is illustrated by Puyo and started serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace in July 2009. An anime adaptation by Satelight began airing in April 2015.[24] A visual novel video game titled The Reminiscence of Haruhi Suzumiya (涼宮ハルヒの追想, Suzumiya Haruhi no Tsuisō) was released on May 12, 2011 by Bandai Namco Games for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable. The game's story takes place shortly after the events of the film.
Reception [ edit ]
With the film's release on February 6, 2010 on 24 screens in Japan, it placed in the top 10 for Japanese box office sales in its first weekend,[25] and earned an estimated 200 million yen in its first week.[26] The film won the Best Theatrical Film award at the 2010 Animation Kobe Awards.[27] The BD version sold over 77,000 copies in its first week, topping the Oricon charts, while placing fourth in the DVD charts with 19,667 copies sold.[28] Minori Chihara won the Best Singing Award at the fifth annual Seiyu Awards held in 2011 in Tokyo for her performance of the "Yasashii Bōkyaku" ending theme song.[29]
In Thailand, the film was forced by the nationwide floods to be screened only at the Lido Theatre, Siam Square, Bangkok, and only for one day, November 6, 2011. However, it is reported that the tickets were immediately sold out on the first day of booking. After the showing, Rose Media & Entertainment, the Thai Haruhi Suzumiya franchisee, also held an auction of the Haruhi goods, including limited BDs and DVDs, and donated all the earnings to the flood relief efforts.[30][31]
Julia Reda and Max Andersson, two newly elected Members of the European Parliament (MEPs), want the Parliament to build links with well-known free software communities. Last Wednesday, the Greens/European Free Alliance MEPS submitted two proposals for so-called preliminary pilot projects or preparatory actions (PP-PAs), to be decided on by the European Parliament in September.
PP-PAs allow MEPS to formulate political priorities and introduce initiatives that, if successful, can evolve into EU programmes.
Their first PP-PA proposes to build an infrastructure to encourage free software developers to help discover and fix security issues in free software that is being used by the European institutions. The project should also aim to create best practices for mitigating security threats.
The second aims to boost the uptake of AT4AM, a software solution for authoring and managing amendments to parliamentary texts. It is developed by the European Parliament and made available as open source.
Social contract
The IT security concerns of public administrations and free software communities are aligned, says German MEP Julia Reda: "It makes a lot of sense for public administrations to utilise the expertise and experience of the free software communities", she says. "Our two proposals explore ways of doing this, by establishing software governance, code audits and best practices."
In their PP-PAs, the MEPs point to Debian as one of the possible communities of free software developers. "Public administrations should naturally be using and contributing to the commons", explains Swedish MEP Max Andersson. Apart from costs advantages and avoiding IT vendor lock-in, the MEP says he appreciates the values in the Debian social contract regarding not hiding problems: "This is similar to the principle that the Parliament shall carry out its activities as openly as possible", he says.
In May, the Green group commissioned a study on how the EP's principle relates to free software and open standards. The report is expected in September.
Full control
Reda recommends that public administrations do not rely on software that provides intelligence agencies with more access and influence than they have themselves. "Free software's freedoms guarantees that public administrations are in full control of their systems", says Reda. "Free software also allows public administrations to make their efforts available to the citizenry, a mutual benefit of great value to society."
More information:
PP-PA for the Governance and Quality of Software Code - auditing of Free and Open Source Software
PP-PA promoting the use of AT4AM in civil society throughout the EU
European Parliament to weigh open source pilots
When I told the nurse that I wanted an epidural, Dustin, my fiancé, asked if I was sure. We'd decided ahead of time that he'd challenge me if I brought it up. “This isn't what we talked about,” he reminded me. “This isn't what you wanted.” I gathered my strength to respond and told him that those ideas were from a different person. That was a lifetime ago. This was not the kind of labor I had in mind when we were listing our “birthing priorities” in a Google Doc and practicing our breathing.
Back then, I hadn't wanted an epidural for a few reasons. Stubbornness, yes. Overachiever-ishness, sure. I wanted to experience it all, to know I could do it, this essential female thing. But mostly: fear. Fear of someone sticking something into my spine. Fear of being punished for taking the “easy route.” Fear of paralysis, chronic pain; birth complications. Now, though, I was 32 hours into labor with my first child, and my fear had assumed new forms.
Related Stories My Year As an Abortion Doula
When the epidural crew wheeled on in with their cartoon shower caps and sneakers and watches and black-framed glasses and well-toned physiques — anesthesiologists, it turns out, are the only doctors who look like TV doctors — the very word epidural still filled me with a cringe-y panic. As if they knew, the three-person team of anesthesiologists talked quickly, all of them seeming a little drunk on power and slightly manic. The energy in the room immediately shifted. Before they came in, I was a decrepit sea log being beat upon by the waves, my mother, fiancé, and nurse three seagulls floating just above the water, feeling helpless and horrified, bearing witness to the very kernel of existence.
After they came in, it felt like my body was a thing to be beaten, a war to be won. In that moment, it felt right.
Obviously, the epidural is a very routine thing, but it's also, as they were legally required to remind/reveal to me, a surgical procedure. Hence the shower caps. I got one, too, in all my pain. No one made sure I tucked my hair in perfectly, which I thought about a lot as they started in on me. Would a hair fall into my spine? I felt like I was being inducted into something (and I was). Like I was brave for choosing this, like here we go.
After you get your shower cap and have signed off on ever blaming them for accidentally paralyzing you, the nurse directs you to squeeze a pillow to your very pregnant belly, and hunch your back so that your upper body resembles the letter C. They have your birth partner sit on a little chair in front of you, at eye level. You focus on them. Never have I hunched and focused so hard. I could have hunched that baby right out. Then they paint that sterilizing iodine all over you and with gloved hands they feel the notches in your spine, counting them, trying to find their entry point. I worried that I was too fat for them to feel my vertebrae correctly and fought the urge to ask them if they were absolutely sure they had placed the target in the right place. They used a permanent marker to mark where to get me — I saw this a few days later, when I was up and walking. There was a circle and inside of it, where the big needle went, a bruise.
There is something viscerally disturbing about all of this, isn't there? Can you feel the twinge in your spine? Are you about to pass out? Yeah, me too.
So they stick a big needle into your back and you jump and are sure you have just paralyzed yourself. The first needle is a shot to numb your skin and then a bigger, hollow needle goes in with a tiny tube that gets threaded into your spine. It seems like you shouldn't feel it but you still totally feel it. Or I did. I felt it like you can kind of feel your cervix — not pain-pain but feeling enough to make you want to pass out. It felt like someone was stapling my back, but deep inside me.
Stay still, though, or else you'll be paralyzed!
I bore my eyes into Dustin, who sat on a stool in front of me, and broke a sweat, I think, from fear. I felt like I was in some kind of war. I felt like this was my moment, my big test, and I was rising to the occasion. I would save the world!
Except, in reality, I was doing the most banal thing in the world. I was giving fucking birth.
Soon the doctor paused to speak over my shoulder: “Okay, I am going to put in the medicine now. You might feel a shock go through your legs, almost like you put your finger in the electric socket.”
What.
“Okay,” I nodded. Then my legs, hanging off the side of the hospital bed, shot up in the air on either side of Dustin. And yes, an electric shock shot through me. It was horrible. Horrible! Wild. I screamed, of course. Then laughed nervously. “Wow, you weren't kidding.” They taped it all up — a tube! snaked into my spine! taped onto my back! — and I was supposed to just lie down on top of it, to not even think about it. This was difficult to do, as anything spine-related, in my book, should be.
I didn't have much time to think, though, because the anesthesiologists were out the door and the nurse was telling me to lie down so she could put a catheter in me.
“A catheter?” I did not read this part of BabyCenter, or else I did not remember it.
My legs, by this point, were just big meat sticks attached to my body. It felt like it does when your foot falls asleep, except it's the entire lower region of your body. It is very hard to have this bodily experience without your subconscious screaming out that something is terribly wrong. Something must be done. “I CAN'T FEEL MY LEGS!” I tried to move them, to make sure I still could. To shake them back into being. It didn't work. I picked my legs up with my hands and dragged them, huge and lumpen, across the crinkly paper of the hospital bed. They fell into place.
I feared I was doing something awful to them and wasn't feeling it. I feared the tube in my spine would be yanked around, would be boring a hole in my spinal column and leaking fluid into the sack of flesh I had become.
And then a few minutes had gone by and I hadn't had any pain. I looked at the monitor. I was having wild contractions, up and up and up and down, and I didn't even know it.
Disembodiment complete, I asked for my iPhone.
Dustin dug my phone out of the bag we packed and off I went, group texting up a storm. I asked my mom to take a picture of my new bag of urine. She obliged, standing up, newly alive and cheerful. She took a photo of my monitor and my wild contractions. I was laughing, stuck in a hospital bed. I could have stayed like that forever.
Within minutes I itched like crazy, a side effect they'd warned me about. Did I want Sudafed? Sure, fuck it. I got Sudafed in my IV. I also, it was soon found, had a fever. This is a problem because of the baby. The nurse asked me if I had ever had a suppository, like I was going to protest at this point. I told her no, “but I've never given birth either, so … ?”
I was already lying on my side; she yanked up my gown and went to town. I was laughing. She asked if it hurt. I told her I felt nothing. We laughed. Oh, modern medicine! She gave me more Tylenol in my IV. Then antibiotics. And then soon my OB came in to break my water with what looked like a knitting needle and was called an “amniotic hook.”
I spread my legs for someone the millionth time that day, in the way they preferred — bottoms of your feet touching each other, knees flopped open, legs in a diamond shape.
I don't remember any of the great amniotic balloon pop except the warmth, spreading all over and under me, like sitting in a bowl of chicken soup. It was beyond pee. And it kept happening, too, for hours. I'd shift and more soup. It did make me feel plentiful — like I contained multitudes. Of amniotic fluid.
And then, without all the fluid in my uterus to push back on them, contractions really started going, up off the charts. They'd go high and then plateau up there, up in the high strokes of the monitor, the ones that symbolized pain. I felt none of it.
Until I did. Until I did.
It was probably 6 or 7 p.m. at this point, 36 hours after labor had started. I had slept in a few ten-minute intervals the night before, but sleeping for ten minutes when you know you'll be awoken by soul-crushing pain is not exactly restful. And here was the soul-crushing pain again! And boy, was I crushed by it, gripping the bars of my hospital bed as if I could pull myself away from it.
I couldn't move because I was still numb everywhere except for, rather inconveniently, the right side of my uterus. I had gone through the personal nightmare of getting the epidural, I had mentally exited the battle of contractions, and yet here they were, chasing me down. It was like going through the pain of breaking up with someone and just when you thought you were free, they show up at your house and, I don't know, throw knives at you?
After the coolest cool-girl anesthesiologist “topped off” my epidural a few times, adding more and more medication to no avail, my doctor was back in the room saying we'd need to do another epidural. That was our only option. The anesthesiologist — she must have been 30, tops, if that is even possible — declared to the room, “We're going to get you the pain coverage you deserve.” As she said these glorious words, she smacked the back of one of her hands into the other, as if to show she meant business.
This notion of deserving relief awakened something in me. Wanting to try to go without the epidural was one thing; getting it and having it fail was quite another. It was unjust. It was traumatic. My stupid body. I thought. My awful gender. The limitations of medicine. Of sex. Of humanity. Fuck it all. I don't deserve this!
And I meant that. I still mean it.
Of course outwardly I just nodded and scrunched up my entire being, and felt a little glimmer of hope. Then fear. Then hope. Then pain, pain, pain.
My family still sat beside me, no longer much comfort. I felt very alone, inescapably tethered to my body. They watched me drift out to sea, safe on the shoreline.
(Read more here.)
So you've got a less than pristine comic book in your collection? Perhaps there's a giant rip in its cover? Don't despair; it may still be worth something. Indeed, if it happens to be one of the world's oldest and most sought-after comics, it could still be worth six figures.
A copy of Action Comics #1 from 1938, the very first comic book to feature Superman, went under the hammer this week on auction site ComicConnect.com for $175,000, the site announced Wednesday. The buyer's name was not released.
SEE ALSO: Relive the History of Superman in This Infographic
There are only about a hundred copies of Action Comics #1 left in the world. This one was discovered by Minnesota man David Gonzalez, wrapped between old newspapers in the insulation of an abandoned house he was fixing up. He'd bought the house for $10,000 — less than a tenth of the comic book's worth.
It would have been worth more but for Gonzalez' wife's aunt, who grabbed the rare copy when Gonzalez showed it to her, according to the Star Tribune. Gonzalez grabbed it back — and the front cover ripped off.
That downgraded the copy from a 3.0 to a 1.5 on a 10-point scale used to assess the condition of comics. Without the tear, experts say, it could easily have fetched a quarter of a million dollars or more.
An 8.5-graded copy of Action Comics #1 sold in March 2010 for $1.5 million. An almost-mint 9-graded copy, owned by Nicolas Cage, was sold the following year for a record $2.16 million.
Image via Flickr, Jim the Photographer
At 57 strokes, this is a really cool character that doesn't show up in any 输入法 shū rù fǎ - character input method.
From wikipedia:
Made up of 57 strokes, the Chinese character for "biáng" is one of the most complex Chinese characters in contemporary usage, although the character is not found in modern dictionaries or even in the Kangxi dictionary.
The character is composed of 言 (speak) in the middle flanked by 幺 (tiny) on both sides. Below it, 馬 (horse) is similarly flanked by 長 (grow). This central block itself is surrounded by 月 (moon) to the left, 心 (heart) below, 刂 (knife) on the right, and 八 (eight) above. These in turn are surrounded by a second layer of characters, namely 宀 (roof) on the top and 辶 (walk) curving around the left and bottom.
Because the Chinese character for "biáng" cannot be entered into computers (the character has not been added to Unicode), phonetic substitutes like Chinese: 彪彪面; pinyin: biāo biāo miàn) or Chinese: 冰冰面; pinyin: bīng bīng miàn) are often used.
Images & text from here - read more:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bi%C3%A1ngbi%C3%A1ng_noodles
The first generation of the micro-robots had different tools attached to them to perform specific tasks. Now those tools can be fabricated as required. – SRI International
US research institute SRI International has been at work for some time developing construction micro-robots on a tiny scale that work as a co-operative swarm to make macro structures.
The bots are really just magnets controlled by magnetic fields generated by a printed circuit board substrate.
Simple, low-cost materials allow the cost-effective production of large numbers of micro-robots that can handle a wide variety of solid and liquid materials – including electronics, SRI says.
The underlying circuit boards determine the direction they take and their speed – and they can move fast – up to 35 centimetres per second – climbing in any orientation, even on flexing surfaces.
They are controlled to run parallel tasks like an army of ants. Each identical bot is distinguished by its “end-effectors” – the tools that perform the specific tasks designated for each individual bot.
Each micro-robot is a simple magnet so manufacturing many, which can work together as a swarm, is simple and cost-effective. – SRI International
“Our vision is to enable an assembly head containing thousands of micro-robots to manufacture high-quality macro-scale products while providing millimetre-scale structural control,” SRI says. “For example, some micro-robots will carry components – electronic as well as mechanical – some micro-robots will deposit liquids, and others will perform in situ quality analysis.
“Mounted to a mobile robotic base, a microfactory will be able to build parts of practically any size.”
The video below shows them in operation in what is, in effect, a microfactory.
But now SRI has developed a way to make the micro-robots more self-sufficient, by fabricating their own tools as required.
Each of the bots is identical, except for the tools, or “end-effectors”, that allow them to perform their designated tasks.
So rather than have to construct thousands of specialised micro-bots, SRI has come up with a way for the bots themselves to set up a tool-shop to make the specialised end-effectors used by other bots.
They can also form into different arrays, joining together several micro-robots in specific shapes depending on the task required. The first half of the video below shows they way the micro-bots are corralled in an “incubator” that forms several up into different arrays.
The second part of the video shows a micro-bot equipping other micro-bots with specialised end-effectors.
Ron Pelrine, chief scientist in the Robotics Program at SRI International, spoke to IEEE Spectrum about the project.
The microfactory tool shop works in much the same way as would a tool shop in a macro factory, he says.
Instead of having to many special-purpose robots to complete tasks that may change, you just buy standardised robots, and outfit them with special purpose-tools that you make on-site.
It's faster, cheaper, and much more efficient, Pelrine says.
SRI is also working on a new way of controlling magnetic micro robots using magnetic levitation that would allow the bots to be positioned much more accurately – at a resolution of 200 nanometres.
Pelrine foresees other uses for the technology beyond manufacturing, with the micro-robots integrated with other robotic systems, “'living' inside larger robots, monitoring them and performing maintenance and repairs”.
Image caption Sales of newspapers continue to fall but online readerships are becoming increasingly important for titles
Scottish newspapers have seen sales continue to fall, but publishers claim online readership is taking over as a source of profits.
The six-monthly data from the industry showed the city evening papers falling fastest.
All of the country's major tabloids and broadsheets' circulations fell across the board.
Only three local titles reported rising sales; the Annandale Herald, Border Telegraph and Irvine Times.
Among the bigger fallers was The Herald, down by 10% to average sales below 39,000 between July and December 2013.
According to data from the industry-owned Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC), its weekly stablemate, the Sunday Herald, was down 7% to below 24,000, and the company's Glasgow Evening Times fell by 16% to below 36,000.
However the Herald and Times publisher, US-owned Newsquest, highlighted a 66% growth in monthly online readers of The Herald news website, to reach nearly 1.6m by December. It claimed the Evening Times website had seen 80% growth in a year.
'Audience growth'
Tim Blott, its managing director who is also president of the Scottish Newspaper Society, said 40% of group profits were now coming from its digital business, following a 19% growth in digital revenue during last year.
Doom and gloom stories of newspapers' demise are way off the mark Tim Blott , Scottish Newspaper Society
"Doom and gloom stories of newspapers' demise are way off the mark," he said. "It's time to focus on revenue and audience growth across all platforms and drop the commentator's out-dated preoccupation with print."
The Scotsman's circulation in the second half of the year fell below 30,000. A large share of these were on discounted subscriptions, which the Scotsman's management has been working hard to build up.
Its weekly sister paper, Scotland on Sunday, was on 33,000, before it was cut in size last month. That was 12% down on the first half of the year, while the Edinburgh Evening News was down 14% to reach 28,000.
With large debts, their owner, Johnston Press, has been cutting costs, including a reduction in journalist staffing over recent weeks.
Meanwhile, The Scotsman's well-known brand and free online access helped it secure 2.6m unique monthly users using Scotsman.com by December.
Among other titles, the Press and Journal, based in Aberdeen, had a 4% drop in print sales compared with the second half of 2012, to reach average daily sales below 64,000.
The Aberdeen Evening Express saw sales down 12% since the second half of 2012, to reach 36,000.
In Dundee, the Courier, reached sales of 50,500, down by 5%. The city's Evening Telegraph also fell 5% to 20,500.
Newsprint readers
Some newspapers have their circulation counted monthly by ABC, alongside national titles based in London.
The most recent figures, for January, show 'i', the sister paper to the Independent, was the only one with higher Scottish circulation than last year, at 19,000.
The Scottish Sun continued to sell the most daily copies of any paper, at 260,000, with the Daily Record's Scottish sale on 219,500.
In the weekly market for Scottish newsprint readers, the Sunday Mail outsold others, shifting 247,000 copies on the average weekend, with the Sun on Sunday trailing it on 185,000.
The Sunday Post, published by DC Thompson, owners of The Courier, was last month on 161,000 Scottish sales, down from 174,000 in January last year.
The Daily Mail has held on to Scottish circulation better than most, selling 95,200 on the average day last month, down from 103,600.
The tussle between London 'quality' titles saw The Times outsell the Daily Telegraph by less than 200 copies, on 18,000 average daily sale.
Last month the FBI raided the home of Itai Ozderman for allegedly pretending to be an ICE agent.
Ozderman is accused of making ‘patrols' around his neighborhood in Falls Church, Virginia while wearing a bulletproof vest with both an ICE placard and Baltimore County police badge.
The accused had his home raided on February 22. Authorities found 10 weapons, including handguns, assault rifles, and a shotgun. Additionally they found body armor, weapon magazines, bullets, a silver Baltimore County police badge, and a working police radio.
Ozderman, 35, was born in Israel and now lives in Gaithersburg, Maryland. At the time of his arrest, he was working as an IT engineer for the Washington Post, though it is unclear if he is still with the publication. Ozderman has since been released on bond.
The Baltimore County Police Department confirmed that Ozderman has never worked for them as an officer.
Watch the clip above, via WJLA.
[featured image via shutterstock]
——
Adam: Twitter.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
IDUKKI: A 41-year-old woman was found brutally hacked to death in front of her house with her left breast chopped. The incident occurred at 14th Mile, near Adimali, on Tuesday evening.Girish (30), a native of Vandamattam near Thodupuzha , has been arrested in connection with the case.The deceased was identified as Saleena, wife of Abdul Siyad, residing at Adimali.The body of Saleena was spotted by Siyad, a fish vendor, when he returned home after work.According to police, Saleena worked as a councillor and Girish had met her in connection with a molestation case against him. She had then received Rs 1,08,000 from Girish which she didn't return.He also bought a car on instalment basis and gave it to Saleena.But she did not repay the instalment money on time.According the police, Girish who was in need of money went to Saleena's house and when she refused to pay he hacked her, cut off her left breast, covered it in a plastic bag and took it back to his residence. CCTV camera installed in one of the nearby shops captured the visuals of the accused, added the police.Idukki SP K B Venugopal, Munnar DSP S Abhilash, Munnar CI P K Sabu led the probe of the case.
The deal, which is worth up to £15 million, will see Cubic Transportation Systems (CTS) adapt London's contactless ticketing system to work with existing systems in other cities. It helped TfL introduce the Oyster card and then adapt barriers to support contactless cards, but also create a backend that is capable of combining millions of swipes into easy payments. It's now possible that passengers in Sydney, Brisbane, Vancouver and Chicago, where CTS also operates, will see some TfL technology in their own metro systems.
While commuters all over the world are set to benefit from the new system, Londoners won't miss out. Sadiq Khan says that the money earned from the new licence will be used to freeze fares across Transport for London services over the next four years and is just the start of a number of planned agreements.
"I made a firm commitment to sell Transport for London's expertise around the globe," says Khan. "We will use the income from those deals for further investment in new infrastructure and to freeze TfL fares."
Two men attend the 14th Gay Parade in Avenida Paulista in São Paulo June 6, 2010. More than 3 million gays, lesbians and transvestites took part in the annual São Paulo Gay Pride Parade, making it the world's largest gay pride march, according to Brazilian tourism authorities.
A lesbian couple kisses during the annual March of Lesbians and Bisexuals at the Paulista avenue in São Paulo, Saturday, June 5, 2010. The event precedes Sunday's Gay Pride Parade, one of the biggest gay pride event anywhere.
Two men kiss during the 14th Gay Parade in Avenida Paulista in São Paulo June 6, 2010.
The shadows of two men are cast on an umbrella in the colors of the rainbow during the annual gay pride parade held in the financial district of Paulista Avenue, in downtown São Paulo, Brazil, on June 6, 2010. Three million people were expected to take part in the annual gay parade in São Paulo, according to organizers. The colorful march under a sunny sky was to stream along the city's main avenue towards the center where all-night partying would ensue.
A transvestite kisses a replica of the FIFA World Cup trophy during the 14th Gay Parade in Avenida Paulista in São Paulo June 6, 2010.
A man dances next to police officers during the 14th Gay Parade in Avenida Paulista in São Paulo June 6, 2010.
A man wears a hat in the shape of a condom during the annual gay pride parade held in the financial district of Paulista Avenue, in downtown São Paulo, Brazil, on June 6, 2010. Three million people were expected to take part in the annual gay parade in São Paulo, according to organizers.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — With the increasing popularity of e-cigarettes, many cities are taking action to ban the use of them in certain places.
On Monday night, the City of Bloomington passed an ordinance banning e-cigarette users from lighting up in most public indoor spaces.
“A decade ago, the Bloomington City Council showed its commitment to public health when it amended our ordinances in favor of smoke-free workspaces and public places,” Bloomington city council member Cynthia Bemis Abrams said. “(Monday's) vote aligns limits on e-cigarettes to regular cigarettes, so that our local businesses can be consistent with enforcement, and our residents and visitors can be confident that the air they breathe, in their offices or in a restaurant, is clean.”
Bloomington will also prohibit smoking in parks and raised minimum price point for single cigars at $2.60 each.
Minneapolis also moved a step closer to an e-cigarette ban Monday when its city council committee voted in favor of an ordinance that would add e-cigarettes in the same category as traditional cigarettes. The full city council will make a final decision on Dec. 5, 2014.
Chile declared a state of emergency Friday as more than a dozen wildfires that have scorched nearly 50,000 hectares (123,500 acres) threatened to encroach on towns, factories and vineyards.
Firefighters, forestry service personnel and members of the military were battling 18 separate blazes in the center and south of the country that have been fueled by strong winds and a heat wave.
The largest has consumed 24,000 hectares in and around Pumanque, a rural area 140 kilometers (87 miles) south of the capital, Santiago, that is near some of Chile's vineyards.
"I've instructed the Interior Ministry to declare a catastrophe zone and a state of emergency in the areas affected by the fires," President Michelle Bachelet said on Twitter.
The smoke from the blazes cloaked Santiago in a thick haze. Television news images showed helicopters and planes trying to douse the out-of-control fires, apparently to little avail.
The head of Chile's CONAF forestry service, Aaron Cavieres, said the fires were caused by humans, but that it could not be determined whether they were set intentionally.
CONAF said it would close access to all national parks between the northern Coquimbo and south-central Biobio regions until Sunday. While several fires are in the vicinity of some of Chile's national parks, none have been directly affected.
Why Everyone's Talking About Israel's New Justice Minister
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gali Tibbon/AFP/Getty Images Gali Tibbon/AFP/Getty Images
Among the faces in Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's new right-wing government, one is drawing particular attention: Ayelet Shaked, the new justice minister.
Shaked is secular, lives in liberal Tel Aviv, and has a background in the high-tech industry. Ari Soffer, the managing editor of Israel National News, calls her a patriot.
"She's a secular Jew, but she's somebody for whom Jewish identity is very important. She represents Israelis who believe very strongly in Jewish values and the Jewish character of the state of Israel," Soffer says. "In American terms, you'd call her a patriot."
Politically, Shaked is part of the religious, Zionist Jewish Home party, which draws its strength from Israeli settlers who live in the West Bank. Negotiations with Netanyahu just to name her justice minister were drawn out and difficult.
In part, says Gil Hoffman, Jerusalem Post chief political correspondent, that's because the justice minister wields real power.
"The justice minister is in charge of the ministerial committee on legislation — which is a very important committee when it comes to passing bills," he says.
That committee can hold or fold legislation and is key to getting the prime minister's agenda through parliament. Hoffman says Shaked's appointment was controversial, in part, to make sure she didn't have too much power — but not because of specific policy differences with Netanyahu.
"It has nothing to do with policy. It has to do with personal issues," says Hoffman. "Shaked was Netanyahu's secretary. They had a big fight. And since then, they have not been on speaking terms."
Until now, that is. But right off the bat, Shaked is a symbol of tensions within Israel's new government. For some Israelis, Shaked also represents positions that weaken Israeli democracy.
One of her Facebook posts from last summer got a lot of attention after her recent appointment as minister. In it, she quoted and endorsed the words of a now-deceased settler leader, who cast most Palestinians as enemy combatants.
"It seems that Ayelet Shaked, with the help of the entire government, they are going to try and make deep and comprehensive change regarding basic questions like civil rights, like the question of the future of the peace process," says Asad Ghanem, a Palestinian-Israeli professor of political science at the University of Haifa.
Shaked has gotten harassed online and received death threats since her appointment. She now is under police protection.
During her two years in the Knesset, or Israeli parliament, she has endorsed putting the Jewish character of Israel's basic laws on equal footing with democratic principles, and bringing more conservative judges to Israel's highest court.
Nachman Shai, of the opposition Labor Party in the Knesset, says he worries about Shaked's views.
"She has to protect the judicial system of Israel, which is essential to Israel's democracy. From what she has been saying all the way, including recently, she is going to weaken the Supreme Court," he says.
A committee chaired by the justice minister appoints Israel's high court judges. Many Israeli conservatives, included Shaked supporters, want to shift the balance of power between parliament and the high court in Israel so there is less judicial oversight.
But Suzie Navot, an Israeli law professor, doesn't think Shaked will get far in that — if she even tries.
"When we'll have to choose new members for the Supreme Court — that's in two years — we'll see. We'll see who are the candidates, and we'll see if she is still in two years the minister of justice," says Navot, who teaches at the College of Management Academic Studies in Rishon LeZion, Israel.
Israeli governments are elected for four years. Last December, Netanyahu called elections after just two years, saying he couldn't govern with his previous coalition.
Great Scott! It's 2015!
The year is a favorite among pop culture enthusiasts as it was depicted in the 1989 cult film Back to the Future Part II, which saw Michael J. Fox's character Marty McFly travel to the future, then back to the past (well, an alternate present, if you want to get technical), then really back to the past, but more importantly, it showed us cool futuristic stuff that we could possibly look forward to having in 2015.
Here are 11 things Back to the Future Part II "predicted" for this year, in order of appearance in the movie:
1. Flying cars
"Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads," Doc Brown (Christopher Lloyd) famously said from the driver's seat of his aerodynamic DeLorean, sitting beside a shocked McFly and girlfriend Jennifer (Elisabeth Shue, who replaced Claudia Wells).
Flying cars are actually being developed. Patents have been filed for them and a prototype for a car-plane hybrid called AeroMobil 3.0, which could potentially travel more than 430 miles in one trip, was unveiled several months ago.
It is the end of an era for Fiat as after 115 years it will no longer be an Italian company.
The carmaker and its US unit Chrysler will become Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, incorporated under Dutch law, with a financial base in the UK – to pay less tax – and shares to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, probably in October.
Shareholders voted for the official merger at the annual general meeting on Friday where Fiat President John Elkann told them: “We're presenting to you a merger project that means a new headquarters and the changing of our name. The future of our company begins at this meeting today.”
Elkann, grandson of late Fiat patriarch Gianni Agnelli, also dismissed suggestions the Agnelli family wants to reduce its stake.
Bigger is better than far as the company is concerned – indeed the bosses believe it is essential for survival – with large sales volume and the ability to attract foreign investors to what is now the world's seventh-largest carmaker.
Founded in 1899, Fiat became Italy's largest carmaker within a decade.
One hundred and ten years later the Chrysler alliance saw it take a 20 percent stake in the US company, which had flirted with bankruptcy and been rescued by the US government. That stake was then built to full ownership early this year.
It now has an ambitious business plan. It is the dream of chief executive Sergio Marchionne, who at the annual general meeting stressed: “Fiat is not leaving Italy, only the holding company will be organised under Netherlands laws.”
So far the geographic spread from adding Chrysler to the mix has worked. The US firm's resurgence in North America has been driving profits, even as European car sales flagged, making it more likely the company will survive.
Spoiler
Anmälan.
Anmälan riktar sig mot socialförvaltningen i Filipstad, i första hand Kristina Steijner.
Jag anmäler härmed följande händelse.
Den 22 mars 2010 kom socialsekreterare Inger Pettersson och Marianne Malmström till det familjehem i Linköping där min syster Melinda var placerad, för att ha möte. Där berättade dom för henne att hon fick flytta hem till pappa eftersom det inte var något fel hos honom, och Melinda blev överlycklig över att få flytta hem. Dom sade till henne att Du är ju 15 år nu och då bestämmer du själv vart du vill bo, vi kan inte hindra dig att flytta hem om du vill det. Dom sade också till henne att socialförvaltningen gjort helt fel genom att placera mig och Melinda på Folåsa bl.a., och att dom inte lyssnat på henne, men att dom nu skulle gottgöra det.
När mötet var slut fick Melinda veta att socialen och familjehemmet (Annelie Holm) skulle ha möte med vår mamma (Carina Simm) vid ett närliggande bibliotek. När dom var på väg dit ringde Annelie till min syster och sade åt henne att gå ut med hunden och sedan låsa om sig, för att efter mötet när socialen och Annelie ej hade mamma under uppsikt längre kunde vad som helst hända. Annelie hade hört mamma galen i telefon i flera veckor innan mötet. Hon sade citat: Jag har sett sidor hos din mamma nu som jag aldrig har sett förut.
På mötet spårade mamma ur totalt och skrek helt galen att hon skulle kidnappa Melinda med två busar så fort hon kom åt, hon och busarna skulle vänta i en bil utanför Melindas skola dagen efter och dra in henne i bilen. Hon sade också att Melinda inte fick träffa pappa eller kusin i Värmland, och hon skulle inte få börja på den skola i Forshaga som Melinda kämpade för att komma in på. Hon hade toppbetyg och satt till och med och studerade på rasterna.
Socialsekreterarna Inger och Marianne såg mycket allvarligt på detta kidnappningshot och bestämde att Melinda inte fick gå utanför dörren, och inte heller till skolan. Dörren skulle vara låst hela tiden och om någon knackade på dörren skulle Melinda ringa polisen på en gång. Ett titthål skulle installeras i dörren dagen efter.
Annelie Holm ringde till Melindas skola, Stenbockskolan i Boxholm och berättade att Melinda inte kunde komma till skolan på grund av kidnappningshotet. Hon pratade med rektor Jonas Wass, tel 070-234 30 01.
Inget titthål sattes in, socialen hörde inte av sig. Melinda satt ensam i lägenheten bortsett från dom stunder jag kunde komma dit och skydda henne, Annelie Holm gick till jobbet trots det allvarliga hotet  för hon citat förlorade pengar annars. När Melinda till sist fick tag i Inger och Marianne hade dom pratat med Kristina Steijner och försökte dämpa ner händelsen. Melinda skulle dock fortfarande vara inlåst i lägenheten, fick ej gå ut på några villkor.
Melindas svenskalärare, Michaela Härnman (Stenbocksskolan), kom med skolarbete till lägenheten för att Melinda inte skulle hamna efter dom andra, efter att hon kämpat så med skolarbetet och fått så bra betyg, och för att Melinda förhoppningsvis inte skulle missa varje nationellt prov som var kvar.
Michaela Härnmans kontaktuppgifter: michaela.harnman@boxholm.edu.se , telefon 0142 -895 94 , 070-616 76 68
Den 27e mars åkte Melinda till vår pappa, som hon visste skulle skydda henne till sista blodsdroppen om kidnapparna skulle komma. Annelie bestämde att hon fick göra det, hon tyckte att det var en bra idé, istället för att Melinda skulle sitta inlåst i lägenheten där kidnapparna visste vart hon var. Då skulle hon vara säkrare hos pappa. Innan Melinda åkte sade hon till henne: Det är ju bättre att du åker till honom än att du sitter inlåst här.
Och tisdagen den 30 mars klockan fem på morgonen, när Melinda är hemma hos pappa, är det två busar inne på gården när hon låg och sov, som jag och pappa fick jaga bort.
Melindas lärare i NO, Lena Wennerqvist (Stenbocksskolan) ringde till Melinda och var orolig över vad som hände och Melindas skolgång. Melinda berättade vad som hänt för henne.
Lena Wennerqvists kontaktuppgifter: Email; lena.wennerqvist@edu.boxholm.se , telefon 0142 - 895 99, 073-9697744, 0142-52266
Samma dag, 30 mars, på förmiddagen ringde Annelie till Melinda och berättade att hon och socialförvaltningen underrättat mamma på måndagen vart Melinda befann sig. Dom berättar alltså för kidnapparen vart hon ska kidnappa henne.
Melinda pratade även med Inger Pettersson, som lovade henne under detta samtal att hon skulle ringa socialstyrelsen och ge Melinda besked dagen efter (onsdagen) hur man snabbast kunde ta bort mammas vårdnad om henne eftersom mamma var så farlig. Hon lovade 0ckså att hon skulle göra allt som stod i hennes makt för att skydda Melinda från vår mamma och att Melinda aldrig skulle behöva träffa henne igen.
På onsdagen 31 mars ringde Annelie till Melinda och talade om att socialförvaltningen ska tvångshämta Melinda med polis, på grund av att hemma hos pappa var en olämplig plats att vara. Melinda ringde då upp Inger Pettersson. Inger Pettersson säger då att socialchef Kristina Steijner sagt att Melinda befann sig på en olämplig plats, för att mamma ringt Steijner och sagt att hon ej tyckte om att Melinda befann sig hos pappa. Inger berättar också att under veckan som Melinda satt instängd i lägenheten under kidnappningshot kommunicerade dom med mamma, istället för att skydda Melinda.
Steijner hade tagit kontrollen totalt igen. Inger hade inte ringt socialstyrelsen och skulle ej heller göra det. Melinda skulle inte få åka till pappa igen.
Melinda har nu varit på flykt sedan 31 mars. Hon är jagad av vår psykiskt sjuka mamma som ska kidnappa henne, och socialen samt polisen som hjälper henne att jaga Melinda.
Varför anmäls det inte till polis av socialen, när Melinda blir kidnappningshotad? Är inte kidnappning av en psyksjuk och två busar allvarligt, som ska anmälas till polisen?
Min syster ringde själv och anmälde hotet till polis  vad har hänt med den anmälan?
Socialförvaltningen i Filipstad följer inga lagar och räds inga medel för att rädda sig själva efter alla tjänstefel dom gjort. Detta kommer aldrig ta slut om inte myndigheterna över socialen tar sitt ansvar och ser till att dom följer lagen och ser till att dom ej kommer undan med sina grova tjänstefel och jäviga relationer.
Socialsekreterare Marianne Malmström kan nås på telefonnummer: 0590-616 25
Socialsekreterare Inger Pettersson kan nås på telefonnummer: 0590-616 27
Har mycket mer att berätta ang denna fruktansvärda socialförvaltning.
4 oktober 2010
Daniel Norberg
The history of sugar is not a simple one. From ancient China to the colonies to Candy Land, sugar has been making its mark throughout time in myriad ways. The "white gold," as British colonists called it, has now reached mundane staple status for much of the western world, sitting in a five-pound bag in the pantry patiently waiting to be spooned into a cup of coffee or employed in a batch of cookie dough.
But that doesn't mean the coruscating carbohydrate can't be put to other uses. In a bind, regular table sugar can pinch-hit for a number of other concoctions, often times taking the place of more costly or possibly toxic solutions. Whether for health or beauty, in the kitchen or in the garden, here are a number of ways you can put this versatile ingredient to work.
1. Soothe your babe According to a study in Pediatrics, babies who were given a one-to-four sugar-water solution (directly into the mouth or administered on a pacifier) before immunizations handled the pain of the shots better than children who received only water. 2. Treat a wound You can treat wounds with a sprinkle of sugar: Wives' tale or wise truth? This study showed that pouring granulated sugar on bedsores, leg ulcers or amputations before dressing killed the bacteria that prevents healing and causes chronic pain. 3. Soothe a signed tongue For too-quick-a-gulp of too-hot coffee, sizzling pizza — whatever your tongue-burner may be — sugar can ease the sting. Suck on a sprinkle of sugar or a sugar cube and the pain should quickly dissipate. 4. Ease a spicy burn Acidic foods and dairy can lessen the pain of too much spiciness in the mouth, but a dash of sugar works well too.
5. Make a body scrub
Sugar makes a splendid exfoliating agent for body scrubs. You can make a super simple one by mixing sugar with oil (canola, almond, jojoba or olive all work well) to create a loose paste. Add some essential oil or vanilla extract if you like fragrance. Gently rub on your skin and then rinse off in the shower.
6. Make a banana sugar scrub
When bananas have reached the point of no (edible) return, they can be appointed to your beauty routine. Banana is moisturizing and works perfectly as a vehicle for sugar in a body scrub. Mash a ripe banana with 3 tablespoons of sugar and 1 teaspoon of olive oil. (Don't over mix.) Gently rub on your skin and then rinse off in the shower.
7. Smooth your kisser
Blend a little jojoba or olive oil with caster sugar (also called superfine sugar; you can also make this by putting regular granulated sugar in the food processor for a minute) and a touch of peppermint or vanilla extract, if you like. Place some of the paste on your lips, massage and lick off.
8. Extend lipstick
Sprinkle a bit of sugar atop freshly applied lipstick, let it sit, then lick it off. This works to set the lipstick and will extend the application.
9. Clean cruddy hands
For extra mucky hands (think paint, grease, grime) add sugar to your soap lather to act as an abrasive. You can also use equal parts sugar and olive oil, which acts to soothe and moisturize over-worked hands.
10. Feed your flowers
Add three teaspoons of sugar and two tablespoons of white vinegar per quart of warm water for fresh-cut flowers. The sugar feeds the stems and the vinegar restricts the growth of bacteria.
11. Battle nematode worms in garden
Have you nematodes? If the plants in your garden have unsightly knots at the roots, they may have fallen prey to the microscopic parasites. To combat them naturally, apply 5 pounds of sugar for every 250 square feet of garden. The sugar will feed microorganisms which will increase the organic matter in the soil, making it a hostile environment for the nematodes.
12. Trap wasps
Make a simple syrup by boiling sugar and water, fill a jar with it and set it outside to attract wasps. They will fly in and become trapped. What you do with them next is up to you.
13. Make a natural fly strip
Fly strips can be unsightly, but flies on dinner can be even more so. If you can't scoot them out the window and you require relief, you can make all-natural fly strips by combining equal parts sugar, honey and water in a saucepan. Boil the mixture, stirring occasionally, until thickened. Let cool. Cut pieces of brown packing tape, punch a hole on the end and make a loop with string through the hole. Dip the strips in the mix, hang to let excess drips drop (with a pan beneath to catch drips) until sticky, then hang where the flies are most active.
14. Make a roach motel
Well, more like a roach last supper. Mix equal parts sugar and baking powder and sprinkle over areas of infestation. Sugar attracts the buggers, the baking powder exterminates them. Replace frequently.
15. Feed the butterflies Matthew Tekulsky, author of "The Butterfly Garden" (Harvard Common Press, 1985), recommends this formula for feeding butterflies. 1 pound sugar 1 or 2 cans stale beer 3 mashed overripe banana 1 cup of molasses or syrup 1 cup of fruit juice 1 shot of rum Mix all the ingredients well and paint the mixture on trees, fence posts, rocks, or stumps — or simply soak a sponge in the mixture and hang it from a tree limb. 16. Clean your grinders Coffee bean and spice grinders can collect oils that are strong in flavor, but sugar can clean them by absorbing the offending elements. Pour 1/4 cup of sugar into the grinder and run it for 2 -3 minutes. Dump out and wipe well. 17. Attack grass stains Make a paste of warm water and sugar and apply to grass-stained clothing, let sit for an hour (or longer for tougher stains) and then wash as usual. 18. Keep cakes fresh If you store cake in an airtight container with a few sugar cubes, it will stay fresh longer. 19. Keep cookies fresh See above! 20. Prevent cheese from molding? Some swear that storing cheese with sugar cubes will prevent cheese from molding. 21. Transform berries Nothing beats fresh berries as they are, but you can also make a quick no-cook dessert topping that is as simple as it is versatile. To make “macerated berries,” stir in a teaspoon of sugar and a squeeze of lemon for every cup of sliced berries. Let sit for 30 minutes. Serve alone, with ice cream or whipped cream, on top of cakes, bread pudding, etc. 22. Vanilla your sugar Split a vanilla bean in half and sink it in a jar full of sugar, let it sit for a week, and voilà, vanilla-perfumed sugar. 23. Sweeten iced drinks Iced coffee season! Cocktail season! Make simple syrup for easy mixing of sugar into cold beverages. Mix one cup sugar with one cup water in a small saucepan. Bring sugar and water to a boil and simmer about 3 minutes until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool completely. Store in a clean jar in the refrigerator. 24. Make rock candy Old-fashioned rock candy is nothing more than sugar and water, and a kick to make with kids. Stir 2.5 cups sugar into 1 cup hot water until sugar is dissolved. Pour the syrup into open containers and add a grain of sugar to each dish. Store in a cool, dry place and check after a few days for crystals. As they form, scoop them out and let dry on a paper towel. A simpler candy does not exist. Related on MNN: 46 smart uses for salt
Exfoliating scrubs
12 edible beauty essentials
Complete guide to sugar and sugar substitutes
24 smart uses for sugar
Did you know that table sugar has a number of uses besides flavoring food? From battling microscopic parasites to fighting grass stains, sugar can be your ally
53 Shares 0
53
0
0
There is an interesting story that has been raging on conservative sites on the Internet but suddenly popped up on national television in a CNN interview.Conservatives are criticizing CNN host Carol Costello for abruptly ending a segment on Tuesday after a guest raised Hillary Clinton's 1975 legal defense of an accused child rapist. I recently condemned an attack ad against Judge Jane Kelly (a widely respected former public defender) for representing a criminal defendant. The attack on Clinton is equally low grade and unfair.
The case involved the defense of a man accused of raping a 12-year-old girl in 1975. Clinton was a court-appointed attorney for Thomas Alfred Taylor, a 41-year-old accused of raping the child after luring her into a car. The suggestion of critics is that such people should not have court-appointed counsel or more importantly lawyers should not represent them (or face condemnation decades later).
The story drew life from the release of taped interviews where Clinton discusses the case and says that she used a a legal technicality to plead her client, who faced 30 years to life in prison, down to a lesser charge.
Hillary Rodham was just 27 when she moved to Fayetteville and was running the University of Arkansas' legal aid clinic. Her work at the clinic is highly commendable and this is a standard request for such legal aid lawyers. Clinton later described it as “a fascinating case . . . a very interesting case.”
I think the thrust of the criticism of Clinton is unfair and inimical to the rule of law. It is impossible to believe in the rule of law without accepting core principles of the right to counsel and due process. This attack seeks to demonize lawyers for simply defending accused persons.
There is one aspect of the interview that does frankly bother me. Clinton says “I had him take a polygraph, which he passed – which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs.” She also seems to suggest that Taylor was saved by the fact that the crime lab accidentally destroyed DNA evidence that tied Taylor to the crime. I find that problematic, particularly in suggesting that a polygraph supporting a former client was clearly wrong — and that he was by extension clearly guilty. Clinton could defend these words by noting that Taylor did plead guilty and thus she is not sharing anything confidential.
The former prosecutor has supported Clinton and tried to explain (what should be obvious) that this is a duty of lawyers, particularly when court-appointed. Indeed, the litigation experience of Clinton is a strength in my view to her qualifications as someone who have been exposed (even if on a limited basis) to the criminal justice system.
There is a particular criticism of a July 28, 1975 court affidavit where Clinton wrote that she had been informed the young girl was “emotionally unstable” and had a “tendency to seek out older men and engage in fantasizing.” However, the job of defense counsel is to challenge opposing witnesses including the accuser. They have a right to make such challenges in asserting their innocence. Clinton did precisely that in objection that the child had “in the past made false accusations about persons, claiming they had attacked her body” and that the girl “exhibits an unusual stubbornness and temper when she does not get her way.”
She also challenged the “evidentiary value of semen and blood samples collected by the sheriff's office” by questioning the chain of custody — a standard, if not uniform, attack for defense counsel in such cases.
She told the interviewers that her client “plea bargained. Got him off with time served in the county jail, he'd been in the county jail for about two months.”
In the end, Taylor pleaded to unlawful fondling of a chid and was sentenced to one year in prison,with two months reduced for time served. He died in 1992.
This is a case of a court-appointed attorney performing the most important function of an attorney in representing an accused person in a heinous crime. She clearly does so zealously and effectively as she has sworn to do in taking an oath as a lawyer. There are many criticisms of Clinton that have been discussed on this blog. I have often joined in that criticism over such things as the refusal to release the transcripts from Clinton's speeches. However, this is one criticism that is, in my view, beyond the pale — even in this poisonous political environment.
You can listen to the tape here.
The Apple App Store has reportedly banned a satirical and seemingly innocuous Hillary Clinton-inspired game called “Hide it Hillary,” a send-up of the Democrat presidential nominee's handling or mishandling of government documents in the private email server controversy.
The approval process for the app in question took eight hours, as apposed to the normal 60 minutes or so, according to what the developers claimed on Reddit, after which they received a rejection notice on grounds of objectionable content. The two-person company apparently decided to launch the app from scratch after they noticed how there weren't many Hillary Clinton-related games as opposed to those mocking the GOP presidential nominee.
“The game is a simple concept: you play from a first-person perspective and ‘sort' documents that land on your desk into a Laptop, Server, Shredder, or Closet. Hillary's image or likeness isn't even really represented… All of the ‘documents' that you sort were taken directly from the State Department via official release via the freedom of information act,” they explained about the app that took them about six months to create.
The game is currently available on Google Play, however. Ironically in this context perhaps, Google and other social media portals have been accused by Donald Trump supporters of allegedly trying to skew or censor content or search results to help Hillary Clinton win the presidency. As the Inquisitr previously detailed, WikiLeaks boss Julian Assange has also maintained that Google is actively working with the Hillary Clinton election campaign to help get her elected.
Apple's rejection notice explained that the the app “includes content that could be considered defamatory or mean-spirited. Specifically, the app refers to a controversial event.”
According to the HeatStreet website, Apple is engaging in a double standard given the many anti-Donald Trump games with violent overtones that are available on the App Store.
“Titles currently available on the App Store include Trump Toss, Punch Trump, Trump Slap, Slap Donald Trump and Smack a Trump. There's also Trump Dump, which depicts the presidential candidate as a literal pile of sh*t.”
null
One of the “Hide it Hillary” developers with Ansem Omega Solutions similarly told HeatStreet that “I absolutely believe there's a double standard with Apple in the sense that they have defamatory and mean-spirited Trump games available for download but none for Hillary. I cited specific examples in my Reddit post.”
“Apple's App Store appears to be protecting Hillary Clinton from political satire games while allowing titles like ‘Punch Trump' onto the digital retail platform,” the Washington Times asserted about the situation.
Apple CEO Tim Cook hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton late last month with three levels of contributions to get a ticket: $2,700, $10,000, and $50,000, BuzzFeed reported. Cook also hosted a June fundraiser for GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan.
null
Back in February, Donald Trump called for a boycott of Apple when the tech giant declined to help the FBI break into the iPhone owned by one of the San Bernardino terrorists.
The “Hide it Hillary” game ban by Apple would not be the first time it has faced allegations of a corporate double standard or hypocrisy.
Along with other prominent tech companies, Apple denounced the North Carolina bathroom law (and previously the Indiana religious freedom law) but conducts business in Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries where gay rights are nonexistent or worse, TheWeek and many other news outlets have claimed.
“Whatever the reason for Apple's censorship, the case is clear: Apple think it's okay to make fun of Donald Trump, but it's not okay to make fun of Hillary Clinton,” HeatStreet concluded.
Parenthetically, the controversy over the emails arguably rebooted, as it were, on Friday when the FBI released its Hillary Clinton investigation files including information about the 3-1/2 hour interview that agents conducted with her.
As yet, Apple has not issued a public statement to further explain why to this point it has rejected the “Hide it Hillary” mobile game from its App Store while allowing the anti-Trump downloads.
[Photo by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images]
May 15, 2009 By Alan E. Schmidt
210 out of 253 found this helpful
Camping with friends... Aw yeah! It doesn't get any better than that. Living off the fat of the land, and the nicely stocked ice chest we brought along.
Shortly after arriving at our secluded mountainous destination I felt that familiar side cramp that I know so well. Yep, you guessed it, it was time to drop a deuce. Joe-Bob saw the scrunched up look on my face and smiled. He knew that look too. From the back of his old truck he produced this odd looking folded up chair. When I realized what it was I hugged Joe-Bob. No words needed to be spoken between us. We nodded to each other and released the man hug. I accepted the Stansport portable toilet from him and headed out.
By now the pain was increasing and the beast within was beginning to prairie dog on me. I needed to move fast. I was regretting the double milk shake I had earlier. Curse my lactose intolerance.
I arrived at a nice concealed spot about as far away as my bulging colon would allow. At this point and time my outdoor poop education began. I will list the highlights here in order of importance:
#1 - Ensure you fully lock out the legs of your toilet in order to eliminate a full body collapse on your own excrement.
#2 - Ensure an adequate supply of toilet paper BEFORE you embark into the woods.
#3 - Set your toilet up on level ground. Not a slope where turds can roll into your feet.
#4 - Don't wear flip flops.
#5 - Rubbing your butt on the ground trying to get poop off does not work. It just makes grass and dirt stick to your butt. Same concept applies to your now crappy foot.
#6 - Don't rub your toilet on the bushes to clean it. The bushes WILL snap back flinging poop everywhere.
As I prepared for my journey back to camp I stole one last glance at the scene i was leaving Mother Nature. It appeared as though a poop grenade had exploded. I would have laughed but the stench had zapped all humor from my body.
Everyone in camp was waiting for me as I emerged into sight. It wasn't the noise that alerted them I was coming... It was the poop fragrance that the breeze at my back carried.
I looked bad, real bad. My portable toilet had so many leaves stuck to it that it appeared I was carrying a bush. A blind man could read the disappointment in Joe-Bob's face. I had let him down.
I concocted a story of fighting off a bear that had diarrhea. Not sure if they bought it.
Pros: Lightweight, promotes male bonding when camping.
Cons: Does not clean off easy.
Search
Sony has announced that it will no longer support the Android side of PlayStation Mobile, It's initiative to support cross-platform indie game publishing for the PS Vita and Google's OS. The service will continue to operate on PlayStation Certified devices running Android 4.4.2 and below, but from Android 4.4.3 and up, Sony can't guarantee that games will play correctly or that users will be able to access the store. Phones and tablets on Android L, the upcoming major refresh, won't have store access at all, and Sony says it has no plans to give any more devices PlayStation Certified status.
PlayStation Mobile offered a selection of original PSOne games, and had the occasional breakout hit of its own like Velocity, later remixed into a deluxe version for the regular PlayStation Store. But many of its most notable titles were also available on iOS, like Super Crate Box and Rymdkapsel. It may still have a place as the simplest way for indie developers to get their games onto the Vita, but given the console's increased focus on indie games in general, it appears that the end is in sight for this initiative.
Brachygastra mellifica, more commonly known as the Mexican honey wasp, is a neotropical social wasp. It can be found in both North and South America. B. mellifica is one of few wasp species that produces honey. It is also considered a delicacy in some cultures in Mexico. This wasp species is of use to humans because they can be used to control pest species and pollinate avocados.
Taxonomy and Phylogeny [ edit ]
The species that comprise the genus Brachygastra are neotropical social wasps.[2] They can be found from southern United States to Northern Argentina and include a total of 16 species. B. mellifica is the only species present in the US, found in both Arizona and Texas. B. mellifica ranges from Texas to Nicaragua.[3] This genus is known for its easily recognizable abdomen, which can be almost as wide as it is long, and its very high scutellum that often projects over the metanotum. B. mellifica is very similar in morphology to B. lecheguana but differs in its geographic distribution.[2]
Description and identification [ edit ]
Appearance [ edit ]
In general, external reproductive organs can distinguish males from females; only females have stingers. Workers and males share the same coloration. They both have alternating abdominal bands of yellow and black. Queens characteristically have a dark reddish-brown abdominal coloration. Queens can also be distinguished from workers due to the occurrence of sperm in the spermathecae of the queens.[4] B. mellifica are small, with a body length of 7-9mm.[3]
Nests [ edit ]
B. mellifica make paper nests that range in size from 40–50 cm in diameter. These nests are quite full and can house anywhere from 3,500 to 18,700 wasps.[3] The nest begins as a single irregular layer of cells attached to the first layer of carton on a branch. Clumps of cells on the branch are then extended into the first hanging layer. Successive layers are formed independently and extend out and around the bottom of the first layer. This happens multiple times around and over the previous layer, resulting in a growing spiral. The nest goes from a small, flat oval to a sausage- or capsule-like shape over time. The surface of the nest is blotchy, colored brown or grey, varying as a result of the raw materials used for construction. The texture of the surface is that of rough cardboard, and is not glossy.[5]
Distribution and habitat [ edit ]
B. mellifica is found in a range from Northern Panama through most of subtropical Central America and Mexico. They are also found in southeastern Arizona and the most southern counties of Texas.[5] B. mellifica builds its nest in the canopy of a shrub or a tree, often 1 to 9 m above the ground.[3] Nests are often reported to be located in suburban settings that are close to human habitation. They are well covered in the foliage in which they are built. These nests can be threatened by urban development, such as in Texas.[5]
Colony cycle [ edit ]
Nests of B. mellifica can have anywhere from 3,500 to 18,700 wasps.[3] Populations are abundant during July and September, which are times associated with plentiful citrus groves and thus large populations of the psyllid Diaphorina citri, a common prey of B. mellifica.[5] When the D. citri nymphs are not plentiful, the wasps nearly disappear until D. citri populations return the following spring.[6] Clusters of colonies of B. mellifica are common, which suggests that swarms may only travel several hundred meters to start a new colony.[5] According to some sources, it is not apparent whether queens start new colonies independently or if they intrude on another colony. Queens either mate and reproduce in their original colony, or can split off with a number of workers, in order to found a new colony via swarming. Males also remain in their biological colonies and do not travel to other colonies to seek matings. Depending on the ratio of workers to queens in the colony, queens will regulate the number of new queens and workers raised. New queens are not produced unless there is only one queen remaining, following a cyclical monogyny colony cycle.[4] Like most eusocial hymenoptera, communities of B. mellifica consist predominantly of sterile female workers and relatively few male drones and queens. The number of fertilized queens can range into the hundreds in B. mellifica colonies. The high relatedness of a given colony's queens may indicate that such queens are only produced in the colony when there is a single queen.[4] Colonies with a single queen have not been reported, indicating that if such a condition exists that it is a short lived period in the colony's life cycle.
Kin selection and genetic relatedness within colonies [ edit ]
Queen to worker relatedness [ edit ]
Queens within a single colony are highly related, which is consistent with the hypothesis that queens are only produced when the colony contains one queen. In a study on kin selection and relatedness by Hastings et al., the worker wasps were considerably more related to the queens than to other workers. On average, workers have an r=0.37 for relatedness to queens.[4]
Worker to worker relatedness [ edit ]
B. mellifica genetics show high levels of relatedness among workers in spite of the large amount of queens per colony. R=0.23 for all workers to each other, which is significantly lower than the relatedness of workers to queens.[4]
How genetic relatedness is determined [ edit ]
Genetic relatedness was determined in the study by Hastings et al. using PCR. DNA micro-satellites are good genetic markers for studying relatedness due to their Mendelian behavior and high variability. DNA was sampled from the whole wasp, thorax and head, or thorax alone in this study.[4]
Worker-queen conflict [ edit ]
The split-sex ratio is a result of the asymmetrical relatedness between brothers and sisters, since B. mellifica are haplodiploid. When there are a lot of queens, males are produced. Since workers can share a maximum of 3/4 of their genes with sisters, they favor caring for female siblings over male siblings, who only share a maximum of 1/2 of their genes. Since this wasp follows a cyclical monogynous pattern, there is increased relatedness among all of the progeny. The split-sex ratio is the most distinct in any swarm-founding wasp currently studied.[4] Research done by Hastings et al. on kin selection and relatedness showed that queens produce the eggs that become males, not workers. Workers ‘police' each other to make sure the queens produce most, if not all, of the males.[4]
Interaction with other species [ edit ]
Diet [ edit ]
B. mellifica is very good at searching and feeding on Diaphorina citri in tree flushes, one of their major prey. These wasps feed not only on the fluids from the prey, but may also eat the entire exoskeleton of D. citri. B. mellifica also may consume larvae of Anthonomus aeneoulus Dietz and a moth from the family Alucitidae.[6] Trophallaxis, or regurgitation, has also been observed on the nest surface of the Mexican honey wasp, in which the forager regurgitates a drop of nectar to a responsive wasp.[5]
Predators [ edit ]
Diogmites angustipennis Loew is a robber fly known to prey on honeybees that has been observed preying in B. mellifica. Orb weaving spiders have also been known to take single wasps as prey outside the nest. Attacks on the entire nest are also common. Both opossums and golden-fronted woodpeckers have been seen dissecting a nest. Other dismembered nests have damage that is similar to the damage caused by the woodpeckers to the nests.[5]
Human importance [ edit ]
Pollinator [ edit ]
It is thought that wasp species and stingless bees were the first pollinators of the avocado, before the introduction of the honeybee to the Americas. B. mellifica are pollinators because when they collect honey and larvae; they carry lots of pollen on their hairy head – including avocado pollen. They also carry pollen on their thorax and legs, and inside their unique thoracic cavities. While many wasp species visited the avocado flowers, they were not successful because of their hairless bodies.[7]
Hunter of pest insects [ edit ]
It has been suggested that B. mellifica can be used as a natural biological control agent.[5] They offer many features, such as the ease of which the nests can be moved, the speediness of population growth, and the fact that closed system preservation is possible. One species of particular interest to scientists is Diaphorina citri, a very destructive pest of Citrus trees, which carries bacteria that make the fruit inedible and slowly kill the trees.[6] D. citri is a major prey of B. mellifa and it would be beneficial to use these wasps to attack these pests.
Honey production [ edit ]
B. mellifica is one of few insects besides bees to create and store their own honey. Chromatographic analysis of B. mellifica honey showed 6/7 of the same peaks that appeared in honeybee mesquite honey. Melibiose is the only peak that did not occur in both honeys. Both the glucose and fructose content in B. mellifica honey is comparable to that of honeybee mesquite honey. The similarities in the two honeys substantiate the idea that these are foraging wasps, because honey stores come from multiple common floral sources, such as mesquite and sunflower.[5]
Source of food [ edit ]
Brachygastra mellifica serve as food source for the Popoloca Town of Los Reyes Metzontla, Mexico. The Popolocas have at least 17 species of insects in their diet, including B. mellifica. The Spanish local name for this delicacy is "Panal Miniagua," and the Popoloca name is "Cuchii." They eat the honey and larva of these wasps year round, but only harvest when the moon is between its last quarter and waning gibbous. According to traditional knowledge and experience, the nests are full of honey and larvae at this time. These insects can be cooked and used in food items such as tacos and larvae, and are considered a luxury.[8]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Brachygastra mellifica at Wikimedia Commons Data related to Brachygastra mellifica at Wikispecies
ISIS may be overshadowed by Ebola news lately, but they're as big a threat as ever. Recently-released footage purportedly depicts British aid worker Alan Henning‘s murder at the Islamic State's hands:
BREAKING NEWS: New video released by Islamic State appears to show beheading of UK aid worker Alan Henning pic.twitter.com/iWfhTGJGgq — Lisa Daftari (@LisaDaftari) October 3, 2014
The Islamic State has released a new video in which it shows the purported beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning. — Erin Cunningham (@erinmcunningham) October 3, 2014
Savages. RT @dcexaminer: RT @ap BREAKING: Internet video purports to show Islamic State group beheading British hostage Alan Henning. — Sean Agnew (@seanagnew) October 3, 2014
Our world is too f**ked up for words right now RT @AP: Video purports to show Islamic State group beheading British hostage #AlanHenning — Cameron Gray (@Cameron_Gray) October 3, 2014
RIP Alan Henning, Prayers for his loved ones. A thousand eternities in Hell for his murderers. — Michelle Ray (@GaltsGirl) October 3, 2014
RIP Alan Henning. A courageous, decent man. Victim of the most cowardly thugs imaginable. #ISIS — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) October 3, 2014
Prayers for Henning's loved ones. May he rest in peace.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Alan Henning. #isis MUST be stopped. #AlanHenning — Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 3, 2014
RIP. RT @BBCPaulAdams If it's true Alan Henning has been killed, think of him like this. pic.twitter.com/rg18dGH6JY” — Andy Carvin (@acarvin) October 3, 2014
According to reports, these terrorists are preparing to unleash still more barbarism:
BREAKING NEWS: Islamic State Video shows beheading of UK hostage Alan Henning, warns US hostage Peter Kassig is next pic.twitter.com/46bNKjYcRW — Lisa Daftari (@LisaDaftari) October 3, 2014
Peter Kassig, the US hostage threatened w/ murder in latest #ISIS video, founded an aid group to help Syrian refugees http://t.co/okqLTd47qX — Neetzan Zimmerman (@neetzan) October 3, 2014
#ISIS now threatening American aid worker Peter Kassig w/death. Our thoughts & prayers to him & his family pic.twitter.com/reoNImXXcY — Jim Sciutto (@jimsciutto) October 3, 2014
Peter Kassig, current Islamic State hostage, deployed w/ 1st Battalion, @75RRegiment to Iraq, Army officials confirm. http://t.co/lMOiN93zpr — Dan Lamothe (@DanLamothe) October 3, 2014
Horrible. Please pray for Kassig. May he be swiftly rescued.
Editor's note: This post has been updated with additional tweets. Additionally, the title has been amended to include mention of hostage Peter Kassig.
***
Related:
ISIS is threatening to kill British aid worker Alan Henning
The U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) office, part of the Department of Homeland Security, recently revealed that it will be adopting iOS devices from a variety of service providers for its 17,676 users. It's a win for Apple in terms of landing a sizeable government client, but also a significant vote of confidence for the overall security of iOS as a mobile platform, given the nature of the agency in question.
Here's how a justification filing posted to the official Federal Business Opportunities government website describes the usage of these iPhones:
The iOS services will be used by a variety of agency personnel, including, but not limited to, Homeland Security Investigations, Enforcement and Removal Operations, and Office of the Principal Legal Advisor employees. The iPhone services will allow these individuals to leverage reliable, mobile technology on a secure and manageable platform in furtherance of the agency's mission.
Part of the justification for the switch (which moves ICE off of BlackBerry devices from the beleaguered RIM, by the way), includes making sure that the product of choice has plenty of market share and “interest by third-party vendors to spur innovation and utility.” It also requires strict OS modification detection standards to allow for the proper identification of potential security threats, and application signatures for custom apps installed by the agency itself.
This also opens the door for iPad use, given the language used in the document. Apple's been gaining ground among government agencies. Last February for instance, the U.S. General Services Administration began issuing iPhones, as well as Android devices, to some government workers. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration also announced a decision to use iPhone and iPad earlier this year, dropping support for BlackBerry devices after May 12, and the ATF announced a similar move shortly thereafter.
Apple has steadily been improving its mobile platform security features with every iOS release, and it appears that those changes are helping the company continue to attract interest from large organizations with data sensitivity concerns. In fact, one of the core security features introduced in iOS 6, Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization, provides significant advantages for those concerned about potential malware infection. Intego's Mac security blog explains:
This means it will take a whole lot more skill and effort to come up with a jailbreak that works for iOS 6 (whether you consider that a good or a bad thing), and it also means it'll be harder for malware authors to sneak onto non-jailbroken machines.
Apple winning away government and enterprise share from incumbent RIM is a great way the company can build up a solid base immune to any changing fortunes between iOS and Android on the consumer side. It'll be interesting to see how this trend is affected by the introduction of a lower-cost, smaller iOS tablet, if that is indeed something we see at tomorrow's event.
If America wakes up on the morning of Wednesday 5 November to discover that John McCain has taken the White House and a moose-shooting former beauty queen from Alaska is now vice-president of the most powerful nation on Earth, there will be only one stronghold of the liberal elite that isn't reduced to outright mourning.
That will be the New York headquarters of NBC in midtown Manhattan, where a select handful of TV executives will be punching the air, re-examining their share options and celebrating the fact that their employee Tina Fey can carry on as the hottest property in US broadcasting for another four years.
Fey is a comedian, actress, and head writer for NBC's hit shows Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock, who won no fewer than three gongs at the recent Emmy Awards. More pertinently, she is responsible for the hugely funny impersonations of Sarah Palin that have propelled SNL to record ratings, become some of the most-watched video clips on the internet, and driven a fair portion of the agenda of the presidential election race in the process.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Clad in thick spectacles and pastel-coloured jackets, and helped by their uncanny physical similarities, Fey and her merciless send-ups of the former beauty queen from Wasilla have done more to undermine Palin's campaign for the vice-presidency than the efforts of Barack Obama, Joe Biden, and the entire Democratic Party attack machine combined.
The outwardly-shy 38-year-old is now feted by the Washington press corps for providing a valuable satirical counterpoint to the Republican campaign, successfully deconstructing such central pivots of their ticket as Palin's claim that Alaska's physical proximity to Alaska makes her an expert on international affairs.
"Every morning when Alaskans wake up, they look outside and see if there are any Russians hanging around, and ask them what they are doing there," said Fey's version of Palin, in a hilarious send-up aired a fortnight ago. "And if they can't give a good enough reason, it's our responsibility to say 'Shoo!' and get them out of there."
Her sketches, which are now being quoted at dinner parties across the land, might explain why, in the words of USA Today, political commentators now believe that making voters forget the "Tina Fey Factor" provided Sarah Palin's chief challenge in the run-up to Thursday's vice-presidential debate.
The San Francisco Chronicle said the election could now turn on Palin's ability to make viewers forget the "cultural caricature", advising her in the debate to "acknowledge Fey's impression to help deflate its power". The Washington Post, for its part, noted sternly that some of Palin's recent gaffes have been so significant that Fey has taken to quoting her verbatim.
The Tina Fey phenomenon isn't just constrained to the political arena, though. In addition to her uncanny ability to satirise a politician who has a propensity to spout gobbledegook, she is currently helping to pioneer an important comic movement. To her fans, Fey is in the vanguard of a generation of sassy female performers who are now setting the agenda in US comedy. Together with her occasional collaborator Sarah Silverman, another edgy and sometimes potty-mouthed star, this makes Fey one of contemporary America's most alluring feminist heroes.
Her emergence in such lofty realms goes back to the critical and commercial success of 30 Rock, a sitcom she created and stars in, which won four awards at last month's Emmys, of which three went to Fey personally. When she stepped up on stage having achieved hat-trick of awards, she provided one of the evening's most memorable one-liners, saying that the trophy for Outstanding Comedy Series "actually belongs to everyone, so I don't like it as much as the other two".
The programme is set in the offices of a television company similar to NBC, and debuted exactly two years ago. It is said to have been inspired Fey's real-life experiences behind the scenes of Saturday Night Live, which she joined as a writer in 1997.
Its title is a corruption of NBC's head office address, 30 Rockefeller Plaza. Fey plays a neurotic head writer at the network who is constantly forced to sacrifice her artistic credibility to navigate between her hopeless co-writers and right-wing boss, who is played by Alec Baldwin, in a role that has reinvigorated his career. The success has allowed Fey to start making waves as a film actress. Her debut film Baby Mama made more than $63m, and she is scheduled to return to the big screen next year in a new Ricky Gervais title, This Side of Truth.
The irony of Fey's recent rise has been that the lion's share of her original success came behind, rather than in front of camera. Born in 1970 and brought up in middle-class Pennsylvania, her route into showbusiness came via Second City, a small but well-regarded improvisational theatre in Chicago, where she took evening classes in the early 1990s, after graduating from the University of Virginia with a degree in drama.
"I had a vague notion Second City was there in Chicago, and I just wanted to be near it, to see what I could do," she recalled, during an interview with The Washington Post in 2004. "This is where I met all my dearest friends in my life now. I met them all at that time." Among those "dearest friends" was Fey's future husband, composer Jeff Richmond, whom she married in a Greek Orthodox ceremony (a nod to her mother's ancestry), and with whom she now has a three-year-old daughter, Alice. The couple moved to New York in 1997, so Fey could make her debut as a writer for Saturday Night Live.
Within two years, she had been promoted to head writer, the first female to take the role in the show's 33-year history, which at the time was considered a signal appointment. The programme's producer, Lorne Michaels explained her rise by complimenting her ability to "get things done", and saying her jokes were distinguished by "intelligence and attack, an attitude. There's something for you to enjoy after you've finished laughing".
Michaels was also a central figure in Fey's next leap, to become a major screen personality. Having seen her perform a sketch she'd created with Saturday Night Live colleague Rachel Dratch at a New York theatre, he persuaded her to audition for the presenter's role in the "Weekend Update" segment of the show. When Fey made her debut in the slot in late 2000, she began to gain a following. Viewers loved her spectacles and her prim demeanour, and became fascinated by the scar on her left cheek – about which she once told The New York Times: "It's a childhood injury that was kind of grim. And it kind of bums my parents out for me to talk about it."
The Washington Post started describing her as an "anchor minx", while gossip magazines dubbed her a TV "hottie". (She claims to have kept the cuttings to show to her children.) Soon she had become a minor sex symbol of late-night TV. "There's a group of people who feel Tina can do no wrong in my eyes," Michaels has said. "But that's because she's just wrong less often than other people."
Now, though, Fey has achieved mainstream success, thanks both to the growing critical acclaim showered on 30 Rock and universal appeal of her Sarah Palin impersonation, which perfectly mimics the Alaska governor's yokelish accent, and perfectly replicates her propensity to wink uneasily yet vaguely seductively at the camera when she lands in a tight sport.
Although it's a job that NBC would be happy to have her doing for some time, Fey – one of the many Hollywood liberals hoping for a Barack Obama victory – has selflessly claimed that she hopes to put an end to the potentially lucrative role. "I want to be done playing this lady by 5 November," she said backstage at the Nokia Theatre after the Emmy Awards. "So if anybody can help me be done playing this lady, that would be good for me."
A life in brief
Born: 18 May 1970, in Pennsylvania.
Early life: Grew up outside Philadelphia with her parents, a paramedic and a housewife, and one brother. A lover of comedy from an early age, she found she could amuse her friends at school. Studied drama at the University of Virginia, graduated in 1992 and moved to Chicago where she started working and taking classes at the Second City improv club.
Career: In 1995 she was discovered at Second City by 'Saturday Night Live', eventually becoming the first female head writer in the show's history. In 2004 she wrote the hit film 'Mean Girls', starring Lindsay Lohan, and she gave up the 'SNL' head writer job in 2005. She now writes and stars in NBC's Emmy-winning series '30 Rock'.
Family: Married to Jeff Richmond, a director at Second City. They have a daughter, Alice Zenobia Richmond, born on 10 September 2005. All three live in New York City.
She says: "Somewhere around the fifth or seventh grade I figured out that I could ingratiate myself to people by making them laugh. Essentially, I was just trying to make them like me. But after a while it became part of my identity."
They say: "Tina has a gift of knowing how to push things as far as she can and still be on a network." Alec Baldwin, star of '30 Rock'
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Blur have announced The Magic Whip, their first album since 2003's Think Tank. That's the album art up there. It's out April 27 internationally and April 28 in the U.S. Listen to new track "Go Out" below, via a lyric video.
The announcement was made via a live streamed press conference from a Chinese restaurant in London hosted by Zane Lowe. Today is the first day of the Chinese New Year.
Blur also announced they're going to perform at Hyde Park in London on June 20. When asked if they're going to perform in America, the band replied, "maybe, if anyone's interested."
"Go Out":
Here's the tracklist:
Damon Albarn said that the song "Pyongyang" is about his experience visiting North Korea.
In an interview with NME last year, Albarn mentioned that Blur had recorded 15 new songs in Hong Kong. He quickly quashed fans' hopes, however, saying that the album hadn't been completed, blaming it on hot weather: "There was too much commuting between where we were staying and where we were recording and it was a bit too hot. I think that's why we didn't get it finished." The band then enlisted producer Stephen Street to finish the album.
Between this, the Alice in Wonderland musical, and the return of Gorillaz, Albarn's got a lot planned for the not-so-distant future.
Update: Albarn revealed more about the record in an interview with Zane Lowe, as the NME points out. Specifically, he said it was kept secret because it wasn't finally finished until yesterday. He also commented on Think Tank, which was recorded without guitarist Graham Coxon, which he said contained "some real stinkers." "There are some bollocks on there," he said.
Read our interview with Albarn from last year here.
Watch the classic video for "Girls and Boys":
Watch Damon Albarn perform with Bobby Womack and Richard Russell for Pitchfork.tv:
(CNN) A Thursday vote at the UN could be as much about President Donald Trump as it is about his controversial decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
US representative to the UN Nikki Haley wrote her fellow ambassadors to say that she and Trump will be watching as ballots are cast on a General Assembly draft resolution to reject the American decision - - and that he will be taking their votes personally.
"As you consider your vote, I want you to know that the President and US take this vote personally," Haley said. "The President will be watching this vote carefully and has requested I report back on those countries who voted against us. We will take note of each and every vote on this issue."
On Tuesday night, Haley tweeted that: "At the UN we're always asked to do more & give more. So, when we make a decision, at the will of the American ppl, abt where to locate OUR embassy, we don't expect those we've helped to target us. On Thurs there'll be a vote criticizing our choice. The US will be taking names."
At the UN we're always asked to do more & give more. So, when we make a decision, at the will of the American ppl, abt where to locate OUR embassy, we don't expect those we've helped to target us. On Thurs there'll be a vote criticizing our choice. The US will be taking names. pic.twitter.com/ZsusB8Hqt4
Red meat for the base
The unusual letter, with its veiled threat, isn't really about Jerusalem, analysts said, and certainly isn't about diplomacy. It is about domestic politics, as Haley navigates her way within the Trump administration and the administration itself throws red meat to the President's base.
Even so, Haley's rhetoric ruffled feathers and could have international consequences, they say, eroding her reputation at the UN, potentially undermining the US ability to build coalitions, and very likely dealing Trump an embarrassing blow on the global stage.
"Personalizing it, making it a vote for or against President Trump, is a bizarrely stupid tactic," said Richard Gowan, a New York based UN expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations. "I think there is still an extraordinarily high chance that ... the General Assembly will vote tomorrow by a very large margin to, in Haley's view, offend the President."
Trump himself made clear he will scrutinize the outcome. "We're watching those votes," the President said at the opening of a Cabinet meeting Wednesday. "Let them vote against us, we'll save a lot. We don't care."
"People that live here, our great citizens that love this country, they're tired of this country being taken advantage of and we're not going to be taken advantage of any longer," Trump added.
That declaration, said Khaled Elgindy, a fellow at the Brookings Institution, is about "playing to a domestic audience, which is what they were doing when Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital."
JUST WATCHED Trump celebrates GOP tax victory Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump celebrates GOP tax victory 00:51
Trump has hit record low approval ratings amid the ongoing Russia probe and a tax overhaul opposed by 55% of Americans according to a new CNN poll.
The rhetoric, Ghindy said, also was "not a message that foreign ministers are going to receive as some sort of attempt at diplomacy."
Indeed, reactions ranged from the publicly restrained to the privately exasperated. "This kind of threatening tone shows inexperience," one senior foreign diplomat said.
Heading for a 'super defeat'
Miroslav Lajčák, the Slovak president of the General Assembly, said that it's "the right and the responsibility of member states to express their views" and so, at the request of member states, the vote would go ahead.
The outcome isn't a mystery. "Virtually the entirety of the General Assembly is going to vote against the US position," said Gowan. "It's just heading for a super defeat."
Even US friends say they'll go their own way. "No matter how close we can be to the US, we are keen to keep up our longstanding attachment to UN Security Council resolutions on the Jerusalem status," said a diplomatic source. "It's really a question of abiding to international law, and this is where we disagree with the US."
Ghindy said the disagreement could ripple in ways that affect the Trump administration later. It could undermine its ability to get the help of other countries to pursue any policies on Iran or North Korea, he said. "Especially those that are a break from the past, like undoing the Iran deal or inching toward military action on North Korea," he said. "You're going to need partners."
Indeed, the senior foreign diplomat, who spoke anonymously to protect relations with the Trump administration, said that "nine times out of 10, it's the US asking the rest of the UN for support, not vice versa."
"For many members, especially Western ones, their votes reflect positions they've held for 50 years," the diplomat said. "The two-state solution, the status of Jerusalem through negotiation, etc. — they are supposed to abandon 50 years of policy, for what exactly?"
Throughout the first year of the Trump administration, UN diplomats have largely distinguished between Haley's rhetoric and her diplomacy in the UN system. She has been tart tongued and sharp elbowed when it comes to defending Israel, making clear that there's a new sheriff in town.
On her first day at the UN, Haley issued a warning -- to US allies: "For those who don't have our backs," she said, "we're taking names, and we will make points to respond to that accordingly."
Public versus private
As they got to know Haley, many foreign diplomats started to discount some of her rhetoric. They could see she needed to keep her domestic base happy, they said, and has political ambitions that extend beyond the UN.
Her public barbs were countered by a pragmatic and largely collegial approach in private. She has avoided the massive UN budget cuts Trump had threatened after a UN vote condemning Israeli settlements, and she demonstrated a deft diplomatic touch in getting China to sign onto North Korea resolutions.
"Most of the time, the diplomatic community in New York is willing to put up with her rhetorical flourishes," said Gowan. "This week is a bit different."
"She's standing up for a US policy that most people think is a massively unforced error," Gowan said. "I think it will probably do a little bit of damage to her ties to diplomats."
Some polling counters Haley's claim about the will of the US people. A University of Maryland Critical Issues poll released December 1 found that 63% of Americans oppose moving the embassy to Jerusalem, including 44% of Republicans. The pollsters questioned 2,000 people and had a margin of error of 2.19%.
A December 13 Monmouth University poll that found Trump at record low approval ratings also found that 39% of Americans thought moving the embassy to Jerusalem was a bad idea, while only 23% thought it was a good idea. Some 51% of respondents said it would lead to greater regional instability, while 10% said it would make the region more stable.
Haley's most recent round of tough talk might be driven by her relationship with Trump. "There's always been the sense that Haley is not a 100% paid up member of Team Trump," Gowan said.
JUST WATCHED Nikki Haley: Trump's accusers should be heard Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Nikki Haley: Trump's accusers should be heard 00:45
The former South Carolina governor is more of a mainstream Republican internationalist than the President and has often taken a tougher line on human rights than the rest of the administration. In December, she raised eyebrows inside the administration when she said that women who accused Trump of sexual harassment deserve a hearing.
"I wonder if, having had some friction with the White House, she's not trying once again to prove her loyalty to Trump by really hammering the table on his behalf in New York," Gowan said.
"She's always walking this very, very fine line between staying close enough to the President to keep her job, but also far enough away from him that should he trip up and implode, her political career will not be too negatively affected," he said. "The personal politics matter a lot."
The banks are staring the next crisis head on.
Despite the appearance of restructuring to make banks fail-proof after the 2008 implosion of the financial system, in reality, very few meaningful reforms took place.
Instead, the banks are more prone to disaster than before. They are doused in gasoline, playing with matches, surrounded by piles of incendiary paper notes and bad debt bombs.
And with this promising landscape, figures of authority in finance are coming out of the woodwork to warn us of the new wave of risks.
I guess they should know. Most were complicit in the big fix and the failed recovery, and obviously something is coming. The dam is not likely to hold for all that must longer.
However, fostering a fire and watching it spread does not make one a watchman, and certainly no one to trust.
Any words of warning from those in the banking sector should be taken as a threat. Prepare accordingly.
via Simon Black of SovereignMan:
Ever since [the 2008 collapse], the banks, the US government, the Federal Reserve, and other financial regulators in the United States have been working to rebuild the illusion of financial safety. Most notably came a bunch of laws and regulations like the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, signed into law in 2010, designed to make the banks safer… … or at least give the appearance that banks are safer. As you can imagine, these regulations have merely created another illusion of bank safety. Today, former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers published a new paper that slams these regulations for not having made the US banking system any safer: “To our surprise, we find that financial market information provides little support for the view that major institutions are significantly safer than they were before the crisis and some support for the notion that risks have actually increased.”
Those who engineered the problems are now warning of the impending collapse.
I guess it is time to finally pay attention.
Larry Summers, Robert Rubin, Alan Greenspan, Timmy Geithner and others in their cabal opened the doors to derivatives during the Clinton Administration and helped to create an era of extreme risks – built up and knocked down by huge boom and bust cycles.
3 Former U.S. Treasury Secretaries Laugh About Income Inequality
The impact of their policies for Wall Street, and for the rest of us, is legendary. If there is an underlying infrastructure to the problem that tanked the economy in 2008 and is now threatening to resurge again, it lies within the system they have created.
Today the Federal Reserve controls the destiny of the U.S. economy, and they have cornered investment into bonds and sophisticated commodities that abandon the real market of goods and services… leaving the working and middle classes behind.
The regulation and the monetary policy response has created these conditions, and now they are threatening once again to reign hell down upon the people.
h/t Zero Hedge.
Read more:
Alan Greenspan Warns That Dangerous “Crazies Will Undermine The System”
Rothschild Warns “Biggest Financial Experiment in History” About to Unleash Consequences Unknown
“Revolt of the Elites”: Society Is Divided, Self-Absorbed and Powerless to Stop Them
The System Can't Be Fixed, Only Crashed: “The Machine Resists Reform to the Death”
Debt Super Cycle Will Destroy U.S. Standard of Living Overnight “Leave Society Gasping and Stupefied”
World 400m champion Wayde van Niekerk has become the first man in history to run faster than 10 seconds for 100m, 20 seconds for 200m and 44 seconds for 400m after smashing his PB in the shorter sprint at the Free State Championships in Bloemfontein on Saturday (12).
The 23-year-old hasn't competed in a 100m race since his junior days, so his previous PB of 10.45 – also set in Bloemfontein back in 2011 – was due for serious revision. But he surprised almost everyone, himself included, with his performance on Saturday.
After clocking a PB of 10.12 into a -1.9m/s headwind in the heats, the breeze changed direction for the final. Aided by a 1.5m/s following wind – and with a little bit of assistance from Bloemfontein's altitude – Van Niekerk won the final in 9.98.
“It's crazy,” he tweeted afterwards. “I'm truly grateful for this moment and appreciative of everyone's support.”
He is the second South African sprinter this week to break the 10-second barrier for 100m. Compatriot Akani Simbine set a national record of 9.96 in Pretoria on Tuesday.
Van Niekerk set lifetime bests at all other sprint distances last year. He set a South African 200m record of 19.94 in Luzern, broke the African 300m record with 31.63 in Birmingham and then went to fourth on the world all-time list over 400m with his memorable 43.48 victory at the IAAF World Championships Beijing 2015.
But despite his all-round sprinting ability, Van Niekerk confirmed in an interview with Reuters earlier this week that his sole focus for this year's Olympics will be on one lap of the track.
"For the Olympics I am purely focused on the 400," he said. "I believe that I stand quite a good chance there now, so I don't think I'm going to gamble too much at Rio."
Jon Mulkeen for the IAAF
: A new eligibility criterion for the post of forest guards and rangers introduced by forest department officials in Madhya Pradesh has left several women applicants miffed and uncomfortable. The new clause requires women applicants to have a 'normal' chest size of 74cm and 79cm when 'expanded'.Such a clause was only mandatory for male applicants so far, in which a candidate's chest is measured twice during the selection procedure, once after exhaling and again after inhaling, which is the 'expanded' state.For obvious reasons, the move hasn't gone down well with the female applicants and a controversy ensued soon after the new rules were made public.The forest department recently issued an advertisement through the Public Service Commission (PSC) for filling up posts of Forest Guards and Forest Rangers. However, the rules irked many as they specified chest measurements for women candidates both in 'normal condition' and in an 'expanded state'.The rules also specified that if a candidate fails to meet the required measurements, she would be ineligible for the exam."It is ridiculous to ask for chest measurements in extended state from women candidates," said a female candidate who is appearing in the exam.Senior Congress leader Vibha Patel slammed the state government saying such a rule amounts to 'harassment'. "MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan says he is a champion of women's empowerment. Yet, this is what the reality is," said Patel.Akshay Hunka, part of a volunteer ideation wing, Vichar Manch, asked was such a controversial approved at the senior level and that it was beyond comprehension. "This also shows a severe lack of accountability in the state bureaucracy."When asked, Forest Minister Gaurishankar Shejwar said, "The rule is the same for everyone." He also asked scribes to ask questions to those who were responsible for conducting the examination.Meanwhile, a senior officer from the forest department told News18 on condition of anonymity that the rules are usually formulated by the General Administration Department.​
All you need to know about League Two clashes
Two sides in the hunt for automatic promotion meet at Broadhall Way this weekend.
It is Pompey who currently occupy third spot in the League Two standings and hold the upper hand over hosts Stevenage.
The Hertfordshire outfit are seven points further back in 6th position and will be trying to leapfrog Carlisle and Luton on Saturday.
They were in a fine run of form before suffering a 1-0 defeat at play-off hopefuls Blackpool earlier in the week.
That brought to an end a nine-match unbeaten run – stretching back to late January – that included eight victories.
A draw would certainly not be a disaster for the Blues, but only one of the 18 league contests at Broadhall Way this season has ended in a stalemate.
It was Stevenage who came out on top with a 2-1 triumph when the sides met at Fratton Park earlier in the campaign.
But Marc McNulty and Kal Naismith scored to earn Pompey a 2-0 victory when they visited Boro last term.
TEAM NEWS
Curtis Main (knee) and Jack Whatmough (hamstring) are both out for Pompey, while fans will wait to see whether Kyle Bennett (ankle) and Kal Naismith (hamstring) are fit to play.
Veteran goalkeeper Chris Day, 41, is set to deputise for injured Stevenage keeper Jamie Jones, while defender Ron Henry (calf) is a doubt.
QUOTES
Read what Paul Cook and Noel Hunt have to say about Saturday's game or subscribe to Pompey PlayerHD for pre-match video content.
HEAD TO HEAD
Overall
Pompey: 3 Wins
Stevenage: 4 Wins
2 Draws
At Broadhall Way
Pompey: 2 Wins
Stevenage: 3 Wins
0 Draws
TICKETS
Pompey have sold their full allocation of tickets and no more will be available to buy on the day of the game.
MATCH COVERAGE
Pompey PlayerHD subscribers can listen to live commentary from Broadhall Way from 2pm on Saturday.
We will also have match updates on Twitter and the Pompey Wall
There will be post-match reaction on the website, Pompey PlayerHD and our official YouTube channel , with highlights to follow-on Sunday.
BETTING
Pompey are 10/11 favourites with Sky Bet to secure all three points, while the hosts can be backed at 16/5
Click here to read our full betting preview and sign-up to www.skybet.com/pompey for great offers.
ALSO IN LEAGUE TWO
Cheltenham v Cambridge
Crewe v Colchester
Grimsby v Crawley
Hartlepool v Wycombe
Leyton Orient v Doncaster
Luton v Exeter
Mansfield v Carlisle
Newport v Blackpool
Plymouth v Morecambe
Yeovil v Accrington
Sunday
Notts County v Barnet
LAST AWAY MEETING
By the end of the summer of 1963, Bob Dylan would be known to millions who watched or witnessed his performances at the March on Washington, and millions more who did not know Dylan himself would know and love his music thanks to Peter, Paul and Mary's smash-hit cover version of “Blowin' In The Wind.” But back in May, Dylan was still just another aspiring musician with a passionate niche following but no national profile whatsoever. His second album, The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan, had not yet been released, but he had secured what would surely be his big break with an invitation to perform on The Ed Sullivan Show. That appearance never happened. On May 12, 1963, the young and unknown Bob Dylan walked off the set of the country's highest-rated variety show after network censors rejected the song he planned on performing.
The song that caused the flap was “Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues,” a satirical talking-blues number skewering the ultra-conservative John Birch Society and its tendency to see covert members of an international Communist conspiracy behind every tree. Dylan had auditioned “John Birch” days earlier and had run through it for Ed Sullivan himself without any concern being raised. But during dress rehearsal on the day of the show, an executive from the CBS Standards and Practices department informed the show's producers that they could not allow Dylan to go forward singing “John Birch.” While many of the song's lyrics about hunting down “reds” were merely humorous—”Looked up my chimney hole/Looked down deep inside my toilet bowl/They got away!“—others that equated the John Birch Society's views with those of Adolf Hitler raised the fear of a defamation lawsuit in the minds of CBS's lawyers. Rather than choose a new number to perform or change his song's lyrics—as the Rolling Stones and the Doors would famously do in the years to come—Dylan stormed off the set in angry protest.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Or so goes the legend that helped establish Dylan's public reputation as an artist of uncompromising integrity. In reality, Bob Dylan was polite and respectful in declining to accede to the network's wishes. “I explained the situation to Bob and asked him if he wanted to do something else,” recalls Ed Sullivan Show producer Bob Precht, “and Bob, quite appropriately, said ‘No, this is what I want to do. If I can't play my song, I'd rather not appear on the show.'” It hardly mattered whether Dylan's alleged tantrum was fact or reality. The story got widespread media attention in the days that followed, causing Ed Sullivan himself to denounce the network's decision in published interviews. In the end, however, the free publicity Bob Dylan received may have done more for his career than his abortive national-television appearance scheduled for this day in 1963 ever could have.
Nikon is introducing its first DSLR with built-in Wi-Fi and GPS, the D5300. The new camera is an update to the D5200, and will take its place as Nikon's top-of-the-line camera for the beginner DSLR market. Though Nikon says that the D5300's overall improvements are iterative, they should add up to something quite meaningful: it also includes a larger, 3.2-inch articulating display; a new image-processing engine; and no low-pass filter on the camera's DX-format sensor, which should result in sharper images.
Built-in Wi-Fi and GPS are a first for Nikon DSLRs
In particular, the addition of Wi-Fi and GPS should be a major one for beginner photographers. Though Sony has offered Wi-Fi in its cameras at this level for almost a year now, Nikon has ignored the option, while Canon has only recently brought the feature down from higher end cameras. The D5300 will be able to pair with Nikon's existing Android and iOS app, allowing them to view and share photos. It's not the most robust tool for remotely controlling a camera, but it's something that's easy to see as a handy option.
Aside from connectivity, the D5300's other big improvement over its predecessor should be in image sharpness. Nikon says that the sheer density of pixels on its sensor means that a low-pass filter — which is employed by most cameras in order to avoid a noisy strobing effect known as moiré — isn't necessary. Nikon also says that its new Expeed 4 image-processing engine is designed specifically to account for that filter's absence, which should help to cut down on instances where noise might appear. The camera is also Nikon's first capable of shooting 1080p video at 60p, an important improvement for anyone looking to record quick movements.
The D5300's body will also be ever so slightly smaller than its predecessor's, but not much else will have noticeably changed. The camera's standard ISO range goes slightly higher — now running from 100 to 12,800 — but it retains the 5 FPS top shooting speed and 39-point autofocus system in the D5200. The D5300 will be available later this month for $799.95 for the body only or $1399.95 with a Nikkor 18-140mm f/3.5-5.6 VR kit lens. And as with the D5200, you'll be able to get it in three different colors: an ostentatious "candy apple" red, a bluish-gray tone, and — of course — the standard camera black.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It might come as a shock but there is now a strong demand for Donald Trump to get into porn.
So much so that adult entertainment giant xHamster is running a competition to find the sex industries answer to the president for a string of parodies.
The porn site has been hunting for entrants with 'unique hair' and 'small hands' since November and says it has received "many" submissions.
Users of the site have been asked to vote for their favourite in the final three with the winner set to be announced during the first 100 days of Trump 's presidency.
In the auctions the first candidate can be heard saying in his entry video "Yeah, we're going out tonight", while pointing towards a Melania lookalike.
He follows on with: "I'm gonna be with this pig, horrible woman, but we're gonna do our best!"
(Image: xHamster)
Another hopeful, dressed in a blonde wig says "I'm here to tell you that I don't lose. Okay, I'm not gonna lose."
He then asks "Is this the face of a loser?" while holding a Hilary Clinton lookalike doll.
The porn site confirmed that the Trump lookalike will have sex on camera once the winner has been revealed.
The series of Trump films are planned to run for four years.
Spokesperson Alex Hawkins told The Sun : "The Trump transition has been turbulent for all of us. We apologise for the delay in getting out this request.
"There is nothing more that the American public needs that quality adult content parodies to help them understand that ever shifting landscape of their Executive Branch of government."
As well as having hair to match the president xHamster also said: "Additionally, this performer would need to be in the 'best health of any actor to do porn', to have even more in common with the President-elect, whose own physician said that Trump is the 'healthiest person to run for President in history.
"The ability to harness both Trump's complete understanding of all issues without any actual knowledge of an issue, is also an optional trait."
Kind of a slimy week in the U.S. (No, I'm not taking about Rush Limbaugh, but be my guest.) This is about oil. Black oil. Texas Tea.
On Tuesday, a scientific study reported by National Geographic's Daily News, showed Oklahoma's largest earthquake with a magnitude of 5.9, may well have been tied to fracking: wastewater injection from oil and natural gas production, raising new concerns about oil company practices.
On Wednesday, Halliburton's witness testified during the ongoing BP trial.
On Friday, Exxon Mobile's Pegus Pipeline ruptured and the leaking oil was heading for Conway Lake. The residents of 40 homes in Mayflower, Arkansas, were forced to evacuate.
Arkansas's Faulkner County Judge Alan Dodson said in a LIVE interview, on Channel 7 News at 6:00, that the oil flowed into the storm drain system/drainage ditch, under Highway 365 and under Interstate 40. Emergency responders managed to stop the flow at all locations.
See video:
An Exxon spokesperson issued a written statement Friday evening. It read:
ExxonMobil Pipeline Company is responding to a crude oil spill near Mayflower, [AR]. We are working with emergency responders and local authorities to respond to the incident and are establishing an information line for community support. We regret that this incident has occurred and we apologize for any disruption or inconvenience this has caused. The matter is under investigation. We will provide updated information as soon as it becomes available. (The Pegasus Pipeline was down for a week of maintenance in mid-December of 2012, possibly a starting point for determining what caused Friday's spill.)
As for the Oklahoma earthquake Geology study:
Advanced methods of oil and gas drilling create massive amounts of toxic wastewater. For example, hydraulic fracturing, also known as fracking, uses high-pressure water to unlock natural gas from shale formations. Drillers also use water to force oil from wells that cannot be captured through traditional methods, part of a practice known as “enhanced oil recovery.” (See related interactive: “Breaking Fuel from the Rock.”) The use of such methods has exploded in the United States in recent years, contributing to the domestic boom in shale gas and oil production. Much of the wastewater that emerges as a byproduct is pumped into wells beneath the earth's surface for disposal.
Not a good week for the oil industry. Not a good week for the environment. And not too good week a for us humans, either.
A ragtag band of artists, backed by a handful of friendly developers and a few hundred million dollars, are working to make the River North neighborhood, a.k.a. RiNo, a destination to rival LoDo. Their progress can be measured not only by rising land values (growing from $6 per square foot to $50 in 12 years) but also by development on once-blighted Brighton Boulevard.
If you're not paying close attention, River North appears comprised solely of run-down auto repair shops and century-old warehouses. Slow down -- you'll see blossoms of industrial-chic apartments, office buildings and galleries flowering in the remants of Denver's turn-of-the-20th-century manufacturing boom.
River North, dubbed "RiNo" by residents in a tacit nod to LoDo, is clearly in the midst of a major transition. Tucked into the southeast corner of the I-25 and I-70 Mousetrap, the neighborhood is anchored by Brighton Boulevard and stretches southeast across the train tracks to Lawrence and west to Park Avenue.
For decades, the area was dominated by factories and warehouses, and continues to bare the grittiness of those now-shuttered businesses. But during the last decade, RiNo has quietly attracted a tightknit band of artists who value the area's industrial tone and want to keep it.
"We're actually really booming," says Tracy Weil, a painter who operates the Weilworks Gallery at 3611 Chestnut Place in the heart of RiNo. Weil and a small group of artists and developers formed the River North Art District in 2005 with the goal of growing an artistic community in the inexpensive, industrial area north of downtown Denver.
Art Takes a Foothold
Tracy Weil, the owner of Weilworks Gallery, helped form the River North Art District in 2005. "We got together and sat down and thought, 'How can we get more people to the area?'" says Weil. The group's first step was to hold a tour of RiNo's eight art galleries. Weil says more than 1,000 people attended that first event. "It caught on pretty quick. We kind of just went from there."
Today the RiNo Art District counts 70 locations and a total of 150 artists.
Weil says the RiNo Art District recently became a nonprofit and won an $8,000 "prospective district" grant from the Colorado Creative Industries association. Weil says the group will use the cash to put up more signs (and build a smartphone app, naturally) to help people get around to galleries in the area.
One of Weil's new concerns is making sure that prices remain low for new artists coming into the neighborhood--a reflection of RiNo's changing status.
"Our goal is to maintain that industrial nature and that artistic personality," he says.
"It's radically different," says Rexford Brown, owner of Pattern Shop Studio. "We don't plan on selling anytime soon." warehouses. The heavy industry was gone. It was mostly deserted. There were a lot of empty lots," he says, noting the "tumbleweeds and coyotes" specifically. The new RiNo is nothing like what Rexford Brown encountered during his first trip to the area, 21 years ago. "It was mostlywarehouses. The heavy industry was gone. It was mostly deserted. There were a lot of empty lots," he says, noting the "tumbleweeds and coyotes" specifically.
But Rexford and his wife Sharon, a painter, were looking for a place to settle down after raising their children. They found the Box Ironworks building at 3349 Blake Street, which in the early 1900s was used to manufacture equipment and electric hoists for the gold mining industry. The Browns purchased the building in 1991. Working with architect David Owen Tryba, they turned it into the Pattern Shop Studio , an American Institute of Architects award-winning studio, gallery and home.
So what does Rexford think of the changes along Brighton Boulevard and the neighborhood? "It's radically different," he says, adding in a slow drawl: "We don't plan on selling anytime soon."
Charging RiNo
Spurred by the advances of the RiNo arts community, a handful of developers are now working to spark a full-blown neighborhood revival along Brighton Blvd. and in the River North area. Mickey Zeppelin, a Denver native and head of Zeppelin Development , says he has so far helped to invest close to $200 million into RiNo.
"It's really become more alive," Zeppelin says. "RiNo is really one of the most vibrant areas of the city."
Drive, a building in the Taxi complex. Zeppelin's first major RiNo project was TAXI , a 25,000-square-foot office building on the bank of the Platte River, built in the former Yellow Cab dispatch center and corporate headquarters. It's now a home for photographers, marketing companies and tech start-ups. The building made such an impression that Bob Blair opened Fuel Café in TAXI in 2008. The restaurant, self-described as a "hip, funky, industrial restaurant, off the beaten path," has won a wide range of awards and recognitions.
TAXI was such a success that Zeppelin has since opened a total of six buildings on the 20-acre complex, including Freight, Drive and others. TAXI's total space -- which is devoted to office, retail and residential areas -- now totals 210,000 square feet, and all of it is occupied by the 400 people who work and live there.
But TAXI is just the prelude to Zeppelin's main course. The Source will be a European-style market built in the carcass of an 1880s-era foundry at 3350 Brighton Blvd. Zeppelin says the Source will feature 30,000 square feet of "urban food" including a cheesery, a butcher shop, a whisky distillery, a Mexican restaurant, a coffee shop and a bank. Opening in July, The Source will be "another major catalyst in terms of the area," Zeppelin says.
Deacdes after his developments helped kickstart LoDo and the Golden Triangle, Zeppelin is held in high regard by his fellow RiNo pioneers. "Mickey was kind of the one who started the whole River North push," confides Weil.
Challenges, and a Bright Future
Zeppelin isn't the only developer working in RiNo. Block 32 , 3200 Brighton Blvd., offers 200 brand-new apartments and "hip, urban living." Similarly, the 300 apartments at the Yards at Denargo Marke t, at 2797 Wewatta Way, are touted for their "enchanting aesthetics, proven to satisfy even the most artistic souls."
"It is the upcoming area in Denver," says Jonathan Kaplan, owner of Plinth Gallery. "It is the only logical area where expansion from downtown will happen." Zeppelin estimates there are now 3,000 new residential units in RiNo. "Land prices have changed dramatically in the area. It's becoming a very desirable kind of place," he says, noting that during the past 12 years prices have increased from $3 to $6 per square foot to $40 to $50 per square foot. Zeppelin estimates there are now 3,000 new residential units in RiNo. "Land prices have changed dramatically in the area. It's becoming a very desirable kind of place," he says, noting that during the past 12 years prices have increased from $3 to $6 per square foot to $40 to $50 per square foot.
All this activity has begun generating a neighborhood tone unique to RiNo. Alongside several new fitness locations and almost two dozen new restaurants is the Glitterdome, the Denver Roller Dolls ' practice facility at 3600 Wynkoop St. Yeah, there's a women's roller derby league in RiNo.
"It is the upcoming area in Denver," says Jonathan Kaplan, owner of Plinth Gallery at 3520 Brighton Blvd. "It is the only logical area where expansion from downtown will happen."
Kaplan, a ceramics artist, moved to RiNo from Steamboat Springs in 2006 and has been promoting the RiNo arts scene ever since. He says two planned light-rail stations in RiNo -- one at 38th and Blake and another at the National Western Stock Show site -- are scheduled to open in 2016. He says they will be the final "tipping point" for the neighborhood.
While artists and developers continue to promote RiNo, some argue the city could do more to guide and foster the development of the River North neighborhood. Though the city has invested in parks in the area, and light rail is on its way, Brighton Boulevard remains unfriendly to cyclists and pedestrians. The city has studied the issue, but hasn't yet taken action.
"There's been lots of discussions, but very little resolution," Zeppelin says. "The city has really not done much with Brighton Boulevard in the last 40 years."
City officials said Brighton Boulevard and the RiNo area remain on Denver's radar, and that nearby revitalization and construction efforts will likely help drive new workers and residents into RiNo.
As for redesigning Brighton Boulevard to make it more friendly to cyclists and pedestrians, Denver spokeswoman Andrea Burns said the city is starting to work on the issue.
Legitimately straight men have performed in gay porn for as long as pornography has existed, though many prefer to take the easy road and presume these men are “actually gay” and just lying to themselves.
But the truth is that many gay porn performers are straight, they have girlfriends, and there's an even larger number of gay men who love watching them simply because they are straight. “Straight guys” have become synonymous with gay porn to the point that many sites are specifically dedicated to only employing allegedly heterosexual men to have sex with other men.
What's that all about? Why do straight guys do gay porn? Why do gay guys love it so much?
All these questions and more are explored in Straight Guys, a documentary film by Daniel Laurin now playing at the DOC NOW Festival in Toronto. In an effort to identify what makes the “straight guy” porn genre so popular while examining his own relationship with gay porn, Laurin interviews porn historians, porn theorists, porn producers and the performers themselves to find out — he even spent some time with some real, live straight dudes on the set of several ChaosMen films:
Why do some gay men prefer to watch sex between two heterosexual men? Where does this desire come from? Is it innate or is it learned? And why would men who identify as straight choose to perform in gay porn? Straight Guys follows filmmaker Daniel Laurin on his journey to answer these questions and reconcile his own relationship to this type of pornography. Daniel speaks to porn historians, porn theorists, porn producers and the performers themselves. Straight Guys is a lighthearted look at a very real and pressing set of questions. As children and teenagers get more and more of their information from the Internet, pornography has become an increasingly prevalent source of sexual education. It is an even more influential resource for gay/bisexual/questioning teens, who have very few examples of gay sexuality in mainstream media. This film uses Straight-Guy Porn as an entry point into deeper questions about gay desire in a very straight world.
Check out the trailer over at StraightGuysDoc.com, and visit the DOC NOW Festival for tickets and showtimes.
To summarize my conclusions: If you're feeling generous, Yarvin might not be “a Racist”, but he at least has internalized racist beliefs. He seems to have no interest in addressing these biases, and has instead built a philosophical framework to justify them. He is an intelligent and relatively skilled writer, who hides his arguments behind a smoke-screen of obscurity, “science”, fuzzy logic, and “civility”. He claims to have no influence and be no sort of leader, but this is demonstrably false (whether he actually wishes it or not). His disavowal of “leadership” in the movement he helped create makes the ideas associated with it more dangerous, not less.
Yarvin employs many debate tactics designed to make his arguments more difficult to critique, appeal to a general audience (without actually allowing them to understand), artificially create respectability, and move accountability for his ideas away from himself.
Asking the Wrong Question
In his post aimed at convincing people to attend LambdaConf, Yarvin laid out what he claimed the real question was —
That might be worth asking, but I think it's sort of missing the point. I'll try to answer that question at face value, then propose an alternate question.
We can look at Yarvin's beliefs, and most specifically to his essay on Carlyle. Those quotes aren't cherry-picked, other than as necessary to break down a 9,000 word post into its thesis. Yarvin gets a lot of flack for this post, where he endorses the possibility of slavery as a valid system of governance, based on the premise that a democratic state is already full of social and economic contracts enforced by the state. It's a fact that Yarvin sees this as a logical progression. It's not even a particularly novel idea, it's just one that's not often endorsed publicly in the US because of the unresolved spectre of the North American slave trade and our masturbatory fetishization of capitalism.
But there's something missing from all the criticism of Yarvin “endorsing slavery” and the insistence from the neoreactionary camp that it's “not chattel-slavery”. The missing part of that conversation is that the problem most of Yarvin's critics have with him is exactly the same reason his more ignorant proponents support him. It isn't his interest in rehashing 200 year old political theory, or equating capitalism with feudalism. It's how it dovetails so nicely with his theories regarding race.
As a white man, I have the option of exercising a few privileges in this situation.
I could exercise the privilege to not personally care that Curtis Yarvin has racist beliefs (lowercase). He does. That's not really up for debate, it's just proven by his own words. I think that's basically ok, although I'm sure I'll take some flak for saying so. It's unfortunate, but a lot of “decent” white people have the same beliefs. Probably a lot of people we work with, who bite their tongue every day, because they know that it will be taken as badly as this has been. These lowercase racists should educate themselves, but it's our unfortunate responsibility to try to handle their ignorance with as much grace as we can when they let it show, and point them to the education they've clearly lacked until that point. I know repeating the same 101 stuff gets tiresome, but every time lowercase racists see some controversy like this blow up, it seems like a personal attack on their morality and what they perceive as their own rational understanding of the issues. You're totally welcome to your outrage, but it's not helpful to them to conflate their failings of ignorance as deep moral failings as well before they have the tools to understand.
I also have the privilege to not care if Yarvin is a Racist with a capital “R”. I would classify these as people who have been presented with evidence that they ignore, and who actively seek to enforce injustice for racist reasons. I'm certainly suspicious of Yarvin on this point, based on which pieces of evidence he accepts and which he ignores, and the political beliefs he chooses to endorse. I'm reminded of an acquaintance with a PHD, who I've heard say truly stupid things about black people against all evidence to the contrary, far worse than we've publicly seen from Yarvin, without irony, and using less polite terms. Intelligence is no panacea.
But if, like me, you have the privilege to ignore Yarvin's racism, and if, like the organizers of LambdaConf, you have exercised that privilege at the cost of other people's willingness to participate in your community, I ask you to consider just one more thing. Consider that Curtis Yarvin has created and grown an ideology whose foundation stones are racist sociology, very debatable science, and power structures that have in the past supported institutional racism far worse than that visible in current American society. Yarvin built this ideology for years while hiding behind a pseudonym, and still eschews ownership of that ideology in the greater world. Even if he disowns his past conclusions, it will live on without his support. Ideas are tricky that way. My racist relatives can be unpleasant, but none of them have written any manifestos.
I don't think the big question is “Is Yarvin a Racist?”, but is something more like, “Is Yarvin a leader in a movement aimed at enshrining bigotry on a large scale through use of manifestos, bad science, uncivil rhetoric, and internet intimidation tactics?”. Three weeks ago, when I was unfamiliar with Curtis Yarvin's work and the NRx movement, that question probably would have seemed ridiculous to me. But now, after reading Yarvin's writings and watching how this debacle has unfolded, it no longer does.
NEW YORK -- Former Detroit Tigers slugger Delmon Young pleaded guilty Wednesday to aggravated harassment for shouting an anti-Semitic slur and tackling a man to the ground outside a New York City hotel last spring.
The 27-year-old outfielder, who became a free agent after the World Series, was ordered to complete 10 days of community service and enroll in a program at the Museum of Tolerance New York as part of the Manhattan District Attorney's office restorative justice program.
"Delmon clearly regrets what happened and took the necessary steps to put this issue behind him today," his lawyer, Dan Ollen, said in a statement. "He has learned from this experience and will continue to do everything he can to improve himself as a person and player."
In the court-ordered program, Young will participate in interactive workshops, videos, guided discussions and special instruction by museum educators to explore issues of prejudice, diversity and tolerance, the district attorney's office said.
The museum reports progress back to prosecutors. If Young completes the program successfully he'll be able to withdraw his plea and plead guilty to a lesser charge.
"Dispositions for defendants charged with bias-related crimes need to be thoughtful and tailored toward healing both the defendant and the entire targeted community," District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance said.
Ollen said that in six months, "the charges against Delmon will be vacated and reduced to a simple violation of harassment, which is not a crime under New York law."
Young was standing outside of the Hilton New York and was accused of yelling anti-Jewish epithets at a group of tourists, tussling with them and tackling one to the ground in April, when the Tigers were in town to play the New York Yankees.
Young apologized to his team and was suspended without pay for seven days by Major League Baseball, costing him approximately $257,240 of his $6,725,000 salary. He batted .267 during the season with 18 homers and 74 RBIs, and hit three home runs and had a .313 batting average in the postseason.
He had a tying home run in the sixth inning of Game 4 of the World Series. San Francisco won 4-3 in 10 innings to complete a sweep of the Tigers.
Detroit is prepared to let the designated hitter sign with another team. Speaking at the general managers' meetings in Indian Wells, Calif., Tigers president Dave Dombrowski declined comment.
"Because he's a free agent," he said.
Senior Likud figures are increasingly acknowledging that party leader Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may not win Tuesday's national election.
“Something isn't going the way it should. Netanyahu's speech to Congress last week should have created a turning point for us and strengthened Likud in the polls. It's clear that we didn't achieve the desired outcome,” a senior figure in Likud told Haaretz.
“We came to these elections thinking Netanyahu had no real rival. Now we understand that the picture is much more complex,” another Likud source said.
“I don't discount the possibility that [Zionist Union co-leader Isaac] Herzog will win the election,” added another high-ranking Likud figure. “If that happens, I believe his coalition will hold out for a year and then Likud will come back to government.”
Likud must simultaneously tackle two major problems: One, a constant trickle of voters out of the party toward the centrist Yesh Atid and Kulanu. The second is the lack of motivation among Likud voters to get out and vote. “We have a major concern that a few Knesset seats will [be lost] due to voters who support Likud but just won't vote, and it's not clear if we will overcome this, the party figure said adding: “The problem is not Likud. People just don't want to vote Netanyahu.”
Meanwhile Prime Minister Netanyahu and others close to him have repeatedly blamed “outside forces” for his lack of popularity.
“There is a huge global effort to bring down the Likud government,” Netanyahu told supporters at a meeting Monday in the Haifa Bay suburb of Kiryat Motzkin. “This is a very close battle,” he added. “Nothing is assured.”
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Over the past few days members of Netanyahu's inner circle have echoed his charges, citing foreign businesspeople who have invested funds to bring about a change of government in Israel, by funding organizations like V15, which is conducting a campaign against Netanyahu, or One Million Hands, the group that organized the anti-Netanyahu protest in Rabin Square in Tel Aviv on Saturday night.
Political parties in Israel are banned from accepting money directly from overseas donors during an election campaign. But such funding is allowed under Israeli law for non-profit organizations espousing political viewpoints, and U.S. consultants have advised Israeli candidates for years.
Strategic and Intelligence Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz spoke on the same issue on Tuesday, enumerating what he believed were the elements stacked up against Netanyahu: “The media is enlisted against him, the Palestinian Authority as well as elements in the United States. I see something that looks like support for the other side.”
Speaking in an online chat on Tuesday with Haaretz readers, Steinitz said: “All these forces come to bring about the absurd situation in which Netanyahu gives up his place to someone who has never proven anything,” he said.
“I think that most of the opinion polls show that despite this delegitimization, most of the public still prefers Netanyahu and his leadership talents,” said Steinitz.
Before We Start
The List View
The main components of Django admin list view:
Example admin list view including some of the components discussed in the article
Logging
Most of Django's work is performing SQL queries so our main focus will be on minimizing the amount of queries. To keep track of query execution you can use one of the following:
django-debug-toolbar — Very nice utility that adds a little panel on the side of the screen with a list of SQL queries executed and other useful metrics.
If you don't like dependencies (like us) you can log SQL queries to the console by adding the following logger in settings.py:
LOGGING = {
...
'loggers': {
'django.db.backends': {
'level': 'DEBUG',
},
},
...
}
The N+1 Problem
The N+1 problem is a well known problem in ORMs. To illustrate the problem let's say we have this schema:
class Category(models.Model):
name = models.CharField(max_length=50)
def__str__(self):
return self.name
class Product(models.Model):
name = models.CharField(max_length=50)
category = models.ForeignKey(Category)
By implementing __str__ we tell Django that we want the name of the category to be used as the default description of the object. Whenever we print a category object Django will fetch the name of the category.
A simple admin page for our Product model might look like this:
@admin.register(models.Product)
class ProductAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
list_display = (
'id',
'name',
'category',
)
This seems innocent enough but the SQL log reveals the horror:
(0.000) SELECT COUNT(*) AS “__count” FROM “app_product”; args=()
(0.002) SELECT “app_product”.”id”, “app_product”.”name”, "app_product"."category_id" FROM “app_product” ORDER BY “app_product”.”id” DESC LIMIT 100; args=()
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 1; args=(1)
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 2; args=(2)
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 1; args=(1)
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 4; args=(4)
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 3; args=(3)
...
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 2; args=(2)
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 99; args=(99)
(0.000) SELECT “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_category” where “app_category”.”id” = 104; args=(104)
Django first counts the objects (more on that later), then fetches the actual objects (limiting to the default page size of 100) and then passes the data on to the template for rendering. We used the category name as the description of the Category object so for each product Django has to fetch the category name — this results in 100 additional queries.
To tell Django we want to perform a join instead of fetching the names of the categories one by one,we can use list_select_related
@admin.register(models.Product)
class ProductAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
list_display = (
'id',
'name',
'category',
)
list_select_related = (
'category',
)
Now the SQL log looks much nicer. Instead of 101 queries we have only 1:
(0.004) SELECT “app_product”.”id”, “app_product”.”name”, “app_product”.”category_id”, “app_category”.”id”, “app_category”.”name” FROM “app_product” INNER JOIN “app_category” on (“app_product”.”category_id” = “app_category”.”id”) ORDER BY “app_product”.”id” DESC LIMIT 100; args=()
To understand the real impact of this setting consider the following — Django default page size is 100 objects. If you have one related fields you have ~101 queries, if you have two related objects displayed in the list view you have ~201 queries and so on.
Fetching related fields in a join can only work for ForeignKey relations. If you wish to display ManyToMany relations it's a bit more complicated (and most of the time wrong, but keep reading).
Related Fields
Sometimes it can be useful to quickly navigate between objects. After trying for a while to teach support personnel to filter using URL parameters we finally gave up and created two simple decorators.
admin_link
Create a link to a detail page of a related model:
def admin_change_url(obj):
app_label = obj._meta.app_label
model_name = obj._meta.model.__name__.lower()
return reverse('admin:{}_{}_change'.format(
app_label, model_name
), args=(obj.pk,))
def admin_link(attr, short_description, empty_description="-"):
"""Decorator used for rendering a link to a related model in
the admin detail page.
attr (str):
Name of the related field.
short_description (str):
Name if the field.
empty_description (str):
Value to display if the related field is None.
The wrapped method receives the related object and should
return the link text.
Usage:
@admin_link('credit_card', _('Credit Card'))
def credit_card_link(self, credit_card):
return credit_card.name
"""
def wrap(func):
def field_func(self, obj):
related_obj = getattr(obj, attr)
if related_obj is None:
return empty_description
url = admin_change_url(related_obj)
return format_html(
'<a href="{}">{}</a>',
url,
func(self, related_obj)
)
field_func.short_description = short_description
field_func.allow_tags = True
return field_func
return wrap
The decorator will render a link (a) to the related model in both the list view and the detail view. In our case we might want to add a link from each product to its category detail page in both the list view and the detail view:
@admin.register(models.Product)
class ProductAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
list_display = (
'id',
'name',
'category_link',
)
admin_select_related = (
'category'
)
@admin_link('category', _('Category'))
def category_link(self, category):
return category
admin_changelist_link
For more complicated links such as “all the products of a category” we created a decorator that accepts a query string and link to the list view of a related model:
def admin_changelist_url(model):
app_label = model._meta.app_label
model_name = model.__name__.lower()
return reverse('admin:{}_{}_changelist'.format(
app_label,
model_name)
)
def admin_changelist_link(
attr,
short_description,
empty_description="-",
query_string=None
):
"""Decorator used for rendering a link to the list display of
a related model in the admin detail page.
attr (str):
Name of the related field.
short_description (str):
Field display name.
empty_description (str):
Value to display if the related field is None.
query_string (function):
Optional callback for adding a query string to the link.
Receives the object and should return a query string.
The wrapped method receives the related object and
should return the link text.
Usage:
@admin_changelist_link('credit_card', _('Credit Card'))
def credit_card_link(self, credit_card):
return credit_card.name
"""
def wrap(func):
def field_func(self, obj):
related_obj = getattr(obj, attr)
if related_obj is None:
return empty_description
url = admin_changelist_url(related_obj.model)
if query_string:
url += '?' + query_string(obj)
return format_html(
'<a href="{}">{}</a>',
url,
func(self, related_obj)
)
field_func.short_description = short_description
field_func.allow_tags = True
return field_func
return wrap
Adding a link from a category to a list of it's products, the Category admin looks like this:
@admin.register(models.Category)
class CategoryAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
list_display = (
'id',
'name',
'products_link',
)
@admin_changelist_link(
'products',
_('Products'),
query_string=lambda c: 'category_id={}'.format(c.pk)
)
def products_link(self, products):
return _('Products')
Be careful with the products argument — it's very tempting to do something like return ‘see {} products'.format(products.count()) but it will result in additional queries.
In the detail page Django creates an editable element for each field. Text and numeric fields will be rendered as regular input field. Choice fields and foreign key fields will be rendered as a <select> element. Rendering a select box requires Django to do the following:
Fetch the options — the entire related model + descriptions (remember the N+1 problem?). Render the option list — one option for each related model instance.
One common example that is often overlooked is foreign key to the User model. When you have 100 users you might not feel the load but what happens when you suddenly have 100K users? The detail page will fetch the entire users table and the option list will make the resulting HTML file huge. We pay twice — first for the full table scan and then for downloading the html file (not to mention the memory required to generate the file).
Having a select box with 100K options is not really usable. The easiest way to prevent Django from rendering a field as a <select> element is to make it a read only field in the admin:
@admin.register(SomeModel)
def SomeModelAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
readonly_fields = (
'user',
)
This will render the description of the related model without being able to change it in the admin.
Filters
As mentioned above, we often use the admin interface as a day-to-day tool for general support. We found that most of the time we use the same filters — only active users, users registered in the last month, successful transactions, etc. Once we realized that, we asked ourselves, why fetch the entire dataset if we are most likely to immediately apply a filter. We started to look for a way to apply a default filter when entering the model list view. Other than the usability perk it also makes paging cheaper.
DefaultFilterMixin
There are many approaches for applying a default filter. Some of them involve fancy custom filters and some inject magic query parameters to the request.
We found this approach to be simple and straightforward:
from urllib.parse import urlencode
from django.shortcuts import redirect
class DefaultFilterMixin:
def get_default_filters(self, request):
"""Set default filters to the page.
request (Request)
Returns (dict):
Default filter to encode.
"""
raise NotImplementedError()
def changelist_view(self, request, extra_context=None):
ref = request.META.get('HTTP_REFERER', '')
path = request.META.get('PATH_INFO', '')
# If already have query parameters or if the page
# was referred from it self (by drilldown or redirect)
# don't apply default filter.
if request.GET or ref.endswith(path):
return super().changelist_view(
request,
extra_context=extra_context
)
query = urlencode(self.get_default_filters(request))
return redirect('{}?{}'.format(path, query))
If the list view was accessed from a different view and no query params were specified we generate a default query and redirect.
Let's add a default filter to our Product page to filter only products created in the last month:
from django.utils import timezone
@admin.register(models.Product)
class ProductAdmin(DefaultFilterMixin, admin.ModelAdmin):
date_hierarchy = 'created'
def get_default_filters(self, request):
now = timezone.now()
return {
'created__year': now.year,
'created__month': now.month,
}
If we drill down from within the page or if we get to the page with query parameters (using admin_changelist_link for example) the default filter will not be applied.
Profit!
Quick Bits
Some neat tricks we gathered over time:
Prevent Django from displaying the total amount of rows in the list view. Setting this option to False saves a count(*) query on the queryset.
When performing a query the entire result set is put into memory for processing. If you have large columns in your model (such as JSON or Text fields) it might be a good idea to defer them until you really need to use them and save some memory. To defer fields override get_queryset (or better yet, create a mixin!).
Change the admin default URL route
This is definitely not the only precaution you should take to protect your admin page but it can make it harder for “curious” users to reach the login page. In your main urls.py override the default admin route:
from django.conf.urls import include, url
from django.contrib import admin
urlpatterns = [
url(r'^foo/', include(admin.site.urls)),
]
We found this index can improve query when filtering on the date_hierarchy (PostgresSQL 9.4):
CREATE INDEX yourmodel_date_hierarchy_ix ON yourmodel_table (
extract('day' from created at time zone 'America/New_York'),
extract('month' from created at time zone 'America/New_York'),
extract('year' from created at time zone 'America/New_York')
);
Make sure to change table name, index name, the date hierarchy column and the time zone.
Conclusion
Even if you don't have 100K users and millions of records in the database it is still important to keep the admin tidy. Bad code has this nasty tendency of biting you in the ass when you least expect it.
Listen to Audio
Across all industries, the number of employees who are fully engaged in their work is surprisingly low. A poll conducted by Gallup recently estimated that up to 70 percent of workers don't feel engaged by their jobs. Engaged employees are both more loyal and more productive — they work roughly 20 percent harder and are about 80% less likely to seek other employment.
The value of engagement is clear. Improving engagement is a task that's usually relegated to the human resources department.
Engagement can be influenced – for better or worse – in every phase of an employee's tenure with the company. Onboarding procedures, performance reviews, and relationships with company alumni all make a different. Today good HR departments are using technological innovations to improve productivity, efficiency, and engagement in all of these areas.
Questback have taken a look at the best apps in the Salesforce AppExchange to pinpoint those that have a positive impact on employee engagement.
Management Apps
Managing your company's human capital involves a lot more than record-keeping. Helping your employees grow and cultivate their job skills is a great way to make them engaged. Here are some apps and companies that can help:
Financial Force HCM
This provider builds apps and modules to handle compensation plans, recruiting, HRMS, benefits, and performance and talent management.
FinancialForce.com delivers a complete, unified Human Capital Management (HCM) solution on the cloud supporting the entire HR spectrum – Recruiting, Onboarding, Talent Management, Benefits, and Time & Attendance.
mployee
This system is designed primarily for recruitment and HR functions. It can also help manage both performance and expenses. It has a number of management-friendly features like dashboards, reporting, workflow management, and internal communications options.
These apps are great for fostering professional development at every level of your company:
Almond
Almond is a learning app that's available for free on both desktop and mobile platforms. It's a great way to build your own training tools and track employees' progress through your training system.
Litmos
This learning manager gives employees full access to your training resources from any Internet-enabled device. Litmos allows you to brand your materials, set up notifications, feedback, and analytics, and track activity feeds.
Learnsmarter
The greatest strength of this scalable training platform is that it works equally well for employees, partners, and customers.
Cornerstone for Salesforce
Cornerstone is a tool for building better training materials. It supports the latest educational trends, including mobile learning, internal networks, and gamification.
Greater communication leads to more teamwork and more engaged employees. These apps are all good communications enhancers:
Apttus X-Author for Chatter
This app does a great job of tying Salesforce, Salesforce Chatter, and Microsoft Office together into one cohesive unit.
Apttus X-Author™ For Salesforce Chatter delivers dynamic interaction between Microsoft Office, Chatter & Salesforce. Custom ribbons embedded in Office documents allow smart interaction with Structured Data Systems. Share & record document activity.
If for some reason you don't already have Microsoft Office, you can download it from this website.
FileIt
This app from SpringCM is a team-oriented enterprise-level content management system.
Combine the power of Dropbox and Salesforce and get complete access to your Dropbox account directly in Salesforce. Automatically organise you and your teams Dropbox files with Salesforce records. Add and share files within Salesforce and Salesforce1.
Compliance Locker
Sometimes the convenience of Salesforce Chatter exposes employees to legal and regulatory risks. Compliance Locker provides seamless protection to ensure that confidential information stays compartmentalized.
Get the benefits of Chatter while ensuring that all necessary governance requirements are met. Compliance Locker by Arkus employs best practices for capturing Chatter for compliance purposes.
More than 700 health care workers have called on Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne in an open letter to declare a provincial emergency due to a "disturbing" increase in overdose deaths related to opioid use in the province in recent months.
Among those who signed the letter include harm reduction workers, nurses, doctors and academics from 59 towns and cities in Ontario. The signatories come from Southern and Northern Ontario.
The letter was hand-delivered to Wynne at Queen's Park and comes as the premier met with physicians, clinicians and harm reduction workers on Monday.
"For months, front-line harm reduction workers and healthcare professionals have noted a disturbing and sustained increase in non-fatal and fatal overdoses amongst people who use drugs," the letter reads.
"Our healthcare and public health systems have been severely limited in their ability to adequately respond as a result of limited resources and poor and outdated data that have prevented swift, safe and effective program developments for this emergency.
Zoe Dodd, a harm reduction worker, says a provincial declaration of emergency would have public policy implications. "The consequences have been clear: lives lost, families destroyed and harm reduction and healthworker burnout."
After the opioid meeting Monday, Wynne said additional supports will be announced in the coming days.
"We agreed that what's happening in Ontario is a public health crisis," she said in a statement. "That's why I strongly reaffirmed our government's commitment to combat this crisis with additional resources, and reassured the group that this is a top priority for me."
The letter was addressed to Wynne, Ontario Health Minister Eric Hoskins, federal Health Minister Jane Philpott, Ontario coroner Dirk Huyer, David Williams, Ontario's chief medical health officer and provincial overdose co-ordinator, Peter Donnelly, president of Public Health Ontario and Ontario Lt.-Gov. Elizabeth Dowdeswell.
According to the letter, the Ontario government could declare an emergency under the Emergency Management and Civil Protection Act. It says such a move would enable harm reduction workers, public health, primary care, addictions medicine, psychiatry and internal medicine teams to develop "safe, effective and equitable" responses to the rising numbers of deaths.
A declaration of emergency would also allow the province to issue emergency orders providing increases in funding for harm reduction workers, establishing more overdose prevention sites quickly, and creating "timely" comprehensive opioid programs.
An example of a naloxone kit. The medication, used to block the effects of opioids, can be injected into a muscle or sprayed into the nose with an applicator, seen here. (John Lesavage/CBC) "This would send a crucial message to survivors, families and communities affected by this epidemic that their lives are respected as having equal value to that of all people living in Ontario and that the government is acting on evidence-based policy and learning from the experiences in British Columbia to protect their lives," the letter says.
Hoskins, when asked for comment, said the province is aware that more needs to be done to reduce the number of overdose deaths from opioid use. He said the government will consider providing more funding but declined to say how much and when.
"Our government will continue to look for ways to strengthen our strategy, including announcing significant new investments in the coming days to offer the support communities and families struggling with opioid use disorder need," he said in a statement on Monday.
Hoskins said the government will also distribute 6,500 more naxolone kits per month through community agencies. Naxolone is medication used to block the effects of opioids.
According to a news release, the latest data available for Ontario shows that two people died of opioid-related overdoses each day in mid-2016.
Overdose Prevention Ottawa opened this tent site intended to give people a safe place to use drugs in Lowertown's Raphael Brunet Park on Aug. 25, 2017. (Matthew Kupfer/CBC) The news release says the data shows a rise in many regions of the province in the number of emergency department visits and of overdoses attributed to fentanyl.
A report published in April by the Ontario Drug Policy Research Network, for example, says the rate of opioid-related deaths in the province has increased dramatically over the last 25 years, skyrocketing to 734 in 2015 from 144 in 1991.
"The scale of the overdose epidemic is large with the potential to increase dramatically in a short time. This situation requires immediate action," the letter says.
The letter says the existing health care system in Ontario is "inadequately resourced" to respond effectively to the opioid crisis. For example, it says health care agencies do not have the funding to recruit new harm reduction workers.
Addiction medicine specialist and family physician Dr. Alexander Caudarella said in the news release that a declaration of emergency would send a message to harm reduction workers that the province that they are not "alone" and to drug users and families that their lives have value.
Two vials of naloxone taken from a kit handed out at an Ottawa pharmacy on Aug. 16, 2017. (Trevor Pritchard/CBC) Caudarella said that Ontario can learn from the experience of B.C. in dealing with the opioid crisis. "There is precedent in British Columbia for a declaration of emergency and there is widespread support for this among health care workers on the ground," he said.
In April 2016, the B.C. government declared a public health emergency, under its Public Health Act, in response to the rising numbers of drug overdoses and deaths. The government said on the declaration's first anniversary that "unprecedented" numbers of overdoses and deaths continued to occur.
A total of 935 people died of apparent illegal drug overdoses in B.C. last year, according to the BC Coroners Service.
Ontario can learn from B.C., worker says
Zoe Dodd, a harm reduction worker in Toronto, said in the news release that a declaration in Ontario would have public policy implications.
"An emergency declaration would send an important message to police departments that responding to the overdose crisis using clinical and public health interventions is more much important than arresting people who use drugs," she said.
My Patients, increasingly terrified by fentanyl feel they could be the next to die. One said goodbye "just in case" —@acaudarella
Dodd also told The Canadian Press that governments need to shoulder much more of the burden for battling the crisis.
"We're leaving the responsibility of this crisis to people's families and their friends and people who use drugs to save each other's lives and it is not OK," she said.
"It is hard to manage what's going on and we are trying our best but it is time that the government step up and do something. We cannot afford to lose any more people and we are losing people at an alarming rate."
(MOSCOW) - The controversial proposed tax on savings in Cyprus looks set to hit Russian pockets hard -- with experts estimating that Russian deposits in Cypriot banks amount to at least $20 billion.
"Confidence in Cyprus as a safe place to deposit money is going to be reduced to zero," Anatoly Aksakov of the Russian association of regional banks told Interfax news agency.
As a condition for a desperately-needed 10-billion-euro ($13 billion) bailout for Cyprus, fellow eurozone countries and international creditors Saturday imposed a levy on all deposits in the island's banks.
Deposits of more than 100,000 euros will be hit with a 9.9 percent charge, while under that threshold the levy drops to 6.75 percent.
Aksakov said the amount of Russian money likely to be affected was $20 billion (15.4 billion euros), while the Russian edition of Forbes magazine gave much higher estimates.
Forbes said on its website that ratings agency Moody's last year estimated the holdings of Russian businesses in Cyprus at $19 billion euros), with another $12 billion held there by Russian banks.
Forbes also cites other press estimates which place the personal deposits of Russians in Cyprus between eight billion and 35 billion euros.
"Russians have lost up to 3.5 billion euros in one day," an editorial on the site read. "The news of a 10 percent tax on deposits in Cypriot banks has sown panic among the richest Russian businessmen."
According to Interfax, the regional banking association's vice president Alexander Khandruiev has suggested that Russia negotiate a deal with Cyprus to reduce, or even eliminate the tax in return for further financial aid.
Cypriot Finance Minister Michalis Sarris is due in Moscow this week.
In 2011 Russia lent Cyprus 2.5 billion euros. Nicosia requested a further bailout of five billion euros, which Moscow declined, deeming it the EU's responsibility to find a solution to the island's financial woes.
In February, Russian Finance Minister Anton Silanov raised the possibility of further financial help by easing the terms of the 2011 loan.
The boyfriend of a 28-year-old woman shot dead in Las Vegas had been planning to propose to her right after the Route 91 festival.
Andrea Castilla, of Huntington Beach, California, was celebrating her 28th birthday at the festival when she was fatally shot in the head.
She was holding hands with her younger sister Athena, who lives in Las Vegas, when the gunfire rang out and someone started yelling for everyone to duck.
Andrea was protecting her sister when she was struck by a bullet and collapsed on the ground.
Scroll down for video
Derek Miller, the boyfriend of Andrea Castilla, a 28-year-old woman shot dead in the Las Vegas massacre, had been planning to propose to her right after the Route 91 festival
Her boyfriend Derek Miller, her sister and Athena's boyfriend, Shane Armstrong, immediately grabbed her and shielded her as bullets rang out around them.
They managed to carry her over a fence and got her to the highway where they flagged down a passing motorist who took them to a hospital in the back of his truck.
Her loved ones waited for seven hours in the emergency room thinking Andrea was in surgery.
But they tragically learned that hospital staff had confused her with someone else and that she had died soon after arriving.
It was then that her boyfriend Derek revealed his marriage proposal plans.
Andrea, who lived in Huntington Beach, California, was protecting her younger sister when she was struck by a bullet and collapsed on the ground
The couple, who lived together in California, were at Route 91 to celebrate her 28th birthday with her younger sister and her fiance
Andrea, whose mother died of cancer when she was a teenager, worked at Sephora as a makeup artist
'He told me after she had passed,' Athena told People. 'They were planning on staying on until Thursday in our guest room. He told me, 'I was planning on asking her this weekend with you guys... We talked about spending the rest of our lives together.'
Their brother Adam added: 'They had promise rings, and they always talked about it. Derek had asked my dad's permission. He wanted to start a family with her.'
Andrea, whose mother died of cancer when she was a teenager, worked at Sephora as a makeup artist. Her siblings say she was inspired by her mother's battle to make cancer patients feel beautiful.
'With an infectious smile Andrea was a free spirit that always had a positive outlook on life. She will be missed but never forgotten,' a GoFundMe page set up in her honor said.
Seven people have died and at least 12 more are wounded after three Islamic State jihadists infiltrated a power station in the city of Samarra, 100 km north of Iraq's capital Baghdad, triggering a three hour standoff with security forces.
“At 2:00 am we were woken up by shots being fired,” Abdel Salam Ahmed, a wounded victim of the attack told AFP. “We ran into one of the jihadists. Some of us hid while two others kept running towards the exit, shouting 'we are employees', but they shot them dead.”
“I was in my night shift and suddenly heard shooting and blasts,” Raied Khalid, another victim, told Reuters from his hospital bed. “A few minutes later I saw one attacker wearing a military uniform and throwing grenades through the windows.”
Read more
Underneath their military disguise, a common strategy during terrorist attacks in the region, the three were wearing suicide belts.
According to officials, one of the terrorists was trapped by the security forces and chose to detonate his load near one of the generators, setting off a fire and explosions that destroyed temporary housing in the vicinity of the plant. The other two were eventually killed by officers.
The Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorist group used its propaganda agency to claim responsibility for the attack which came on the first day of the Muslim celebrations of the religious festival of Eid, and took place in a city renowned for its Shia monuments.
While it retains significant ground in Syria, Islamic State has been nearly wiped out in Iraq, but maintains pockets of control between Baghdad and the northern city of Mosul. Amid a mounting civilian death toll, in the past days, the terrorist group has lost control of the city of Tal Afar outside Mosul, from where it was driven this summer.
The next target for the Iraqi army, backed by the US-led international coalition air campaign, is Hawija, its new unofficial capital in the province of Kirkuk.
Police are questioning a man after a fire in West Pennant Hills yesterday uncovered a number of mature cannabis plants.
Emergency services were called to a house on Oakes St about 6.20pm on Tuesday. Fire & Rescue NSW firefighters extinguished the blaze, which caused only partial damage to the building.
During a subsequent inspection of the premises, police located being grown inside the building.
A man was arrested at the scene and is assisting police with their inquiries at Castle Hill Police Station. An investigation is underway into the circumstances surrounding the fire.
Anyone with relevant information is asked to contact police.
Police are urging anyone with information about this incident to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or use the Crime Stoppers online reporting page: https://nsw.crimestoppers.com.au/ Information you provide will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Lalit Modi's representatives have made contact with Rangers' football board chairman
Lalit Modi, the first commissioner of cricket's Indian Premier League, has expressed an interest in buying a 26% shareholding in Rangers.
Modi's representatives made contact with the chairman of Rangers' football board, Sandy Easdale, this week.
"Glasgow Rangers FC is an institution in itself given the history and lineage of the club," Modi told BBC Scotland.
"Yes I am looking at acquiring a stake in this Scottish institution as I think the club is seriously undervalued."
It is believed a price has already been discussed for the stake Easdale controls and a meeting could take place as early as next week.
Modi's statement continued: "Glasgow Rangers have a fabulous fan base, a solid home and heritage that dates back over 100 years, all of which make for great long-term value.
"I have thus initiated talks with a couple of shareholders to understand the situation on ground and am keen that these discussions lead to fruition.
"Having said that these discussions are still at a very preliminary stage."
Modi was banned for life by the Indian Cricket Board of Control after they found him guilty of indiscipline and misconduct.
Modi was the man behind the success of the IPL
Who is Lalit Modi? BBC Sport's Joe Wilson explains...
To understand how Lalit Modi views himself, glance at his Twitter profile. "Founder and architecht of the Indian Premier League" is how it begins, "cleaning up cricket mafia" is how it concludes.
This sums up the arc of his recent career.
He is fundamentally associated with the birth and popularisation of one of the world's most successful sports leagues, the IPL, which changed cricket. Modi didn't invent the TwentyTwenty format but he sold it to the biggest cricket audience on earth.
He maintains that he made billions for the Indian Cricket Board, but they fell out very badly, to say the least. He was suspended for life amidst allegations of impropriety which he vehemently denies.
Modi relocated to the UK, citing fears for his life if he stayed in India. Subsequently has has used the media to issue a steady stream of comments, criticisms and allegations about corruption in cricket - especially in India.
His background is marketing sport on a massive level. The prospect of making Rangers popular in India, as an emerging football market, might be enticing for both parties. Whatever Modi does, he is unlikely to do it quietly.
New Delhi: BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra, who was asked to leave the NDTV 24×7 show ‘Left Right and Centre' by anchor Nidhi Razdan after he accused the channel of “having an anti-BJP agenda”, seems to be holding a grudge against the news channel.
Patra on Sunday fell for ‘fake news' when he re-tweeted a story by the Times of Islamabad website on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ‘Make in India' programme.
This is where things get a little tricky. The article was originally written by former finance minister P Chidambaram for the Indian Express (IE) on June 11, 2017. However, at the time of republishing, the Times of Islamabad credited NDTV instead of IE. After being called out on Twitter by NDTV, the Pakistani website updated the story on its site and removed any reference to NDTV.
NDTV's official Twitter handle was quick to point out that Patra's accusation against the channel was wrong and asked him to issue a clarification.
Ironically, the site Patra used to ‘expose NDTV's propaganda' is infamous for running fake news stories about the BJP.
The Times of Islamabad, which is a Pakistani website and not a newspaper, also ran a story on May 16 with a Srinagar dateline, which triggered BJP MP Paresh Rawal's attack on author Arundhati Roy. Reacting to comments that Roy never made during a visit to Kashmir that never took place, Rawal tweeted that the army should use her as a human shield.
An investigation by The Wire proved how the fake news story, which originated in Pakistan, was used by pro-Hindutva websites in India to whip up nationalist sentiment against anybody critical of the way the Narendra Modi government has handled the Kashmir situation. Rawal was later forced by Twitter to delete the tweet.
Patra is a serial offender when it comes to using fake news to back his dodgy claims.
In 2016, the BJP spokesman, in order to score some brownie points during a debate on Times Now, showed a photoshopped image of Indian soldiers in Kargil.
He used the same platform to broadcast a doctored video clip showing JNU student leader Kanhaiya Kumar shouting slogans in favour of Kashmir's independence. When called out for airing the unverified video, the then Times Now editor-in-chief Arnab Goswami accused The Wire of running a “factually inaccurate” story. Later, the channel admitted airing the video.
Goswami now leads the charge at a pro-establishment, ‘nationalist' news channel run by NDA politician Rajeev Chandrashekhar.
Fake news on A.R. Rahman
Patra wasn't the only BJP leader who fell for fake news this weekend. On June 10, the Hindutva-oriented journalist S. Gurumurthy – or, at any rate, a handle that is believed to be his – tweeted a post about singer A. R. Rahman's stance on beef and religion.
The tweet, which went viral and was retweeted over 2500 times, provided fodder for right wing Twitter users constantly in search of supporters to validate their idea of a ‘vegetarian, Hindutva model of India'.
Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman was also one of those who retweeted this fake post, which was created by the pro-Hindutva website and serial fake news offender, PostCard.News.
How fake news spreads. Exhibit A. https://t.co/nQWlOZrKhB. Notice the time. — Venkat Ananth (@venkatananth) June 11, 2017
Fom Twitter to WhatsApp to FB. Or vice-versa. Medium doesn't matter. Why don't people think twice about it? Confirmation bias > facts? Shame — Venkat Ananth (@venkatananth) June 11, 2017
Sitharaman graciously un-retweeted the tweet and issued a clarification after the fake news was debunked by SM Hoax Slayer.
. @sgurumurthy, FYI : I am undoing my RT as this seems unverified information. Sorry about any confusion. — Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) June 10, 2017
Note: Readers may also wish to see sites like Altnews, SM Hoax Slayer
If you've ever suspected that your feline friend isn't that interested in you, you were right. There's even a study to prove it.
Researchers at the University of Tokyo found that although pet cats are capable of recognizing their owner's voice, the felines usually choose to ignore their calls.
Scientists observed 20 domesticated cats in their homes for eight months to monitor how the animals recognized and responded to different voices — both strangers' voices and the cats' owners — calling out the cats' names.
The study found that 50 percent to 70 percent of the cats turned their heads at the sound and 30 percent moved their ears — typical reactions to hearing any sound.
Just 10 percent of the felines responded to being called by meowing or moving their tails.
In other words, your cat hears you when you call — he just doesn't care enough to acknowledge it.
Response rates were similar regardless of whether the cats were called by strangers or their owner.
However, the felines did have a "more intense" response to their owner's voice, indicating that the animals do have a special relationship with the people they know.
The study, published in Animal Cognition journal, suggests that cats' unresponsive behavior could be rooted in the animal's evolution.
Modern housecats' common ancestor was Felis silvestris, a wildcat species that came into contact with humans 9,000 years ago. As people began farming the land, the cats moved in to prey on rodents attracted to crops.
As the study's authors write, cats essentially "domesticated themselves."
"Historically speaking, cats, unlike dogs, have not been domesticated to obey humans' orders. Rather, they seem to take the initiative in human–cat interaction," the paper reads.
While dogs were bred over thousands of years to respond to commands, the authors say that cats never needed to learn to obey human orders.
The study further notes that although "dogs are perceived by their owners as being more affectionate than cats, dog owners and cat owners do not differ significantly in their reported attachment level to their pets."
The authors humorously conclude their paper by noting that they're not sure why cat lovers adore their indifferent felines so much.
"The behavioral aspect of cats that cause their owners to become attached to them are still undetermined," they write.
Related on MNN & TreeHugger:
Yes, your cat is ignoring you
Study reveals what cat owners have suspected all along: Your cat recognizes your voice when you call — he just chooses not to respond.
Loading...
Sadiq Khan, London's first Muslim mayor, announced Monday that “body-shaming” advertisements will no longer be allowed in London's public transport.Adverts which put Londoners under pressure over body image are to be banned from the Tube and bus network.Sadiq Khan announced that Transport for London would no longer run ads which could cause body confidence issues, particularly among young people.The Mayor, a father of two teenage daughters, warned the ads could “demean” women and encourage them to conform to unrealistic or unhealthy body shapes, reports the Evening Standard TfL's new advertising policy, which does not include all images of people in their underwear or swimming gear (yet), is only expected to affect a handful of the 12,000 adverts a year which run across the network, including at bus shelters and on-street sites.Well, an implementation of Sharia (Islamic law) clearly has to start somewhere, which obviously is the mayor's ultimate goal, and those who cannot see it yet, will eventually.Step by step. This is just a first step.Comment below.
Last week marked that official start to barley and oat farmers being represented by the Grain Farmers of Ontario, as the crops joined corn, soybean and wheat within the organization as of July 1, 2015.
“We are proud to see our organization grow with the inclusion of these two important grain crops,” says Mark Brock, chair of GFO. “We look forward to supporting the province's barley and oat farmers, just as we do our current membership, through research, market development, advocacy, and public and member relations.”
Farmers delivering barley and oats to a grain elevator this summer will be charged a check-off fee to Grain Farmers of Ontario. The fees are:
Barley $1.30/mT
Oats $1.65/mT
Mix of Barley and Oats $1.65/mT
GFO reminds its farmer-members that barley and oats are not covered by the Grain Financial Protection Plan. Those with questions about oat and barley inclusion in GFO are asked to call member relations at 226-979-5581 or by emailing [email protected]
Ontario harvests about 250,000 acres of barley and oats annually.
MSNBC's Chris Matthews reacts to people protesting the election of Donald Trump to the presidency.
"I'm always open to the economic argument," Matthews said on the Thursday broadcast of his show Hardball. "I do accept that Marxist tradition, really, which is a good one which is always tried to explain elections by economics. And I think it always works."
"How about those protestors," Matthews said. "What would you say to those kids? Most of them in their 20s. I think they do go to school during the day. I think they came out of NYC last night up from downtown in the [West] Village and they marched all the way past Trump Tower to make their statement."
"What kind of statement is it really there to make?" Matthews asked. "They lost."
"Look it's their First Amendment right," Karine Jean-Pierre of MoveOn.org said. "The country is grieving. Something happened on Tuesday night that people were not anticipating. Donald Trump."
"Regarding these protesters, by the way, these protesters are not exercising their First Amendment rights. They have every right to speak. They don't have a right to stop traffic. They don't have a right to get in the way of commerce. That's not the First Amendment. That's being a spoiled brat. And by the way, what are they protesting democracy itself when they block traffic? We had an election." guest Steve Cortez, a Trump supporter, said.
ISF # 4 Free download, Jorge Candeias, Ken Liu, Michael A. Morrisson, S.P. SOmtow, Sean Wright, Speculative Fiction, world fantasy award, Zoran Živković
Last year, right around this time, ISF launched its first issue. In a way, then, this is the magazine's birthday, and to celebrate you all get a gift. It's the brand-new issue of ISF, and like all gifts it's free.
Issue #4 features three (yes, three!) winners of the World Fantasy Award. We also take an in-depth look at one of those authors, Zoran Živković, with one of his stories, an article about his work, and an interview with the author himself. All that, plus reviews of speculative fiction from around the world.
So go ahead, open your gift!
EPUB: ISF # 4 (epub)
MOBI: ISF # 4 (mobi)
PDF: ISF # 4 2013-5-10 (pdf)
Nas Hedron
Non-Fiction Editor
P.S. We'd love to hear what you think of our latest issue. Write us at correiodofantastico@gmail.com and let us know what you think.
Advertisements
Ikea is finally getting into the home automation game with its own system for smart lighting. The new range of products is called Trådfri — which means “wireless” in Swedish — and is built around the ZigBee Light Link standard for connected lights (the same as Philips Hue). The system seems to have rolled out to select European countries last fall, but will be seeing a larger release at the end of March.
The core of the Trådfri system is a gateway device that connects to the internet via an Ethernet connection and creates a local Trådfri network to connect local bulbs. Like most of Ikea's wares, the company is pursing an extremely aggressive pricing scheme, with a base set of the internet gateway, a remote, and two Trådfri bulbs running just 749 kr, or roughly $85.40.
But the most interesting part of the system isn't in the internet gateway, but in what might be a motion-controlled dimmer switch, which exists as a colorful standalone puck that — if this incredibly awkward Ikea promotion video can be trusted — can dim lights simply by rolling it around in your hand. (It's also possible that this video is dramatizing things a bit.) The dimmer switch can also work independently from the connected system, and is the cheapest part of the range, with a light and a dimmer switch costing 179 kr ($20.41).
The standard Trådfri bulbs are dimmable LED lights with three color temperature options — 2200K, 2700K, and 4000K — that Ikea claims each last around 25,000 hours. A standalone 980 lumens E27 Trådfri bulb runs for 199 kr (around $22.68), but there are also smaller GU10 and E14 sizes that run for 149 kr ($16.99). Ikea is also offering a variety of standalone bundles, including the motion sensor set (249 kr / $28.39) and a light / remote bundle (299 kr / $34.09). Obviously, those remote systems will work with the app and gateway controller (sold separately at 249 kr / $28.39) as well.
Additionally, Ikea is selling a series of LED Floalt panels, along with illuminated doors for various Ikea storage units that will also be compatible with the Trådfri system, and which serve as a powerful early indicator of how Ikea might leverage its existing modular systems to incorporate its smart home systems.
Currently, the Trådfri system only shows up on Ikea's Swedish website, with the products expected in stores by March 31st, but it stands to reason that we could see the system make its way to other countries in the near future.
Caracas (AFP) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said Tuesday he was prepared to meet the opposition for talks brokered by the Dominican Republic and former Spanish prime minister Jose Luis Rodriquez Zapatero.
"Zapatero and President (Danilo) Medina know very well that I have been a promoter of this dialogue and I accept this new day of dialogue," the president said during a cabinet meeting broadcast on television.
The opposition announced in turn that it would hold a meeting on Wednesday with the Dominican president.
"It has been decided to send a delegation to meet with President Medina to present the objectives of the national democratic struggle," the opposition coalition Democratic Unity Roundtable said in a statement.
Venezuela's deep economic and political crisis has caused food and medicine shortages, deadly unrest and calls for Maduro to quit.
Clashes with security forces at anti-government protests have left some 125 people dead since April.
Earlier, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian raised the possibility of a resumption of talks in the Dominican Republic.
In a statement published after his meeting with Venezuelan Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza Montserrat, Le Drian welcomed what he called "good news," expressing hope the move would "result very quickly in concrete gestures on the ground."
A month of talks late last year between Maduro's government and the opposition collapsed in mutual recrimination.
BRUNSWICK, Maine (Reuters) - Maine police were searching on Thursday for what motivated a woman to fatally stab a mother of five adult children who was shopping in the ice cream aisle of a grocery store in an apparently unprovoked attack, authorities said.
Wendy Boudreau, 59, of Saco, was shopping in a local Shaws store on Wednesday afternoon when Connor MacCalister, 31, approached and stabbed her with a knife, a state police spokesman said.
Two emergency medical technicians, who were also shopping at the store, rushed to treat Boudreau, who had begun to bleed profusely, according to police and media reports.
Boudreau died shortly after in a hospital in nearby Biddeford, police said.
Store employees and other shoppers were able to subdue MacCalister inside the store until police arrived, authorities said.
The two women did not appear to know each other, a police spokesman said, and investigators were working to identify a motive.
MacCalister has been charged with murder and is expected to make her first appearance in court on Friday.
Earth's last passenger pigeon—Martha—died in 1914 at the Cincinnati Zoo, the final remnant of flocks that once darkened the sky. What's unknown, even nearly a century after this extinction, is how many of the plants in the eastern woodlands of the U.S. might have suffered as a result—or even gone extinct themselves. Now, new findings from halfway around the world suggest plants may indeed suffer in the absence of the animals they have relied on for pollination or dispersing seeds.
The work was done by a team of biologists, fresh from showing that New Zealand's mistletoe species are struggling due to a lack of pollinating birds, who set out to determine if other plants shared this problem. After all, the country has lost nearly half of its native land bird species since 1839.
They homed in on one native shrub—Rhabdothamnus solandri, or New Zealand gloxinia, renowned for its brilliant orange flowers—which relies on several species of birds for pollination, and is found nowhere else in the world. The tui (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae), bellbird (Anothornis melanura) and stitchbird (Notiomystis cincta) all have beaks and long tongues perfectly suited for the shrub's 10-millimeter-long orange flowers. But bellbirds and stitchbirds are gone on the New Zealand's North Island thanks to bird-eating animals brought along by European colonizers, such as house cats (Felis catus), ship rats (Rattus rattus), stoats (Mustela erminea) and brushtail possums (Trichosurus vulpecula).
Fortunately, those bird species survive on some small islands off the coast—Little Barrier, Tiritiri Matangi and Lady Alice—too small to have had much contact with humans or the invaders they often bring along. And in many cases mammal pests, such as the feral cats that roamed Little Barrier Island until 1980, have been eradicated.
So the biologists painstakingly catalogued the instances of the flowering shrub in plots on both the bird-friendly islands and the mainland. As a result of the missing birds, the flowering shrubs on the mainland produce smaller fruit and only 37 seeds per flower, compared with 232 seeds per flower for shrubs on the bird-friendly islands. Nearly 80 percent of flowers on the small islands showed evidence that birds had visited, whereas only 25 percent of mainland flowers did so. And although fully grown shrubs persist on the mainland in roughly similar numbers, there are less than half as many young plants sprouting up to replace them.
This pollination failure has likely been going on for a long time. "Pollination probably failed about 1870, which is when bellbirds and stitchbird densities on the North Island plummeted," says biologist Dave Kelly of the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, one of the scientists involved in the research.
Other possible pollinators, such as insects, apparently are not up to the task in the case of R. solandri, unlike the case for endemic New Zealand mistletoes or trees that have also lost bird pollinators, according to Kelly. Flowers encased in chicken wire mesh cages on the mainland and the offshore islands to keep out birds also failed to produce many seeds, "showing that birds are essential for pollination," the biologists wrote in the paper detailing their findings, published online in Science on February 3. Kelly adds: "Usually when a bird-adapted flower is not well pollinated by insects it's because the flower is too big for insects to touch the right parts [for pollination] as they visit it."
Of course, humans could take over for the missing birds, pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds. When the biologists did so, R. solandri immediately boosted its numbers. As for why the decline of the brilliantly colored flowering shrub had gone unnoticed, Kelly offers the idea of "shifting baselines"—people (and scientists) tend to ignore reports of abundance that existed before their own lifetimes—and wrote in the Science paper, "This decline could very easily have escaped notice, because it is so gradual…. It may be that similar slow plant declines as a result of failing ecological interactions have begun elsewhere."
After all, many regions of the world host plants that rely on specialized birds for pollination, from the tropics of Central and South America to South Africa and Southeast Asia. "I would bet that there are other plants declining in other parts of the world for this same reason, but it's not been measured yet," Kelly says. "In New Zealand we want to check other bird-pollinated plants to see if they too are declining. We know that a majority of them have [a] reduced seed set."
At the same time, R. solandri is still not considered in danger of extinction for two reasons: First, it still manages to produce some seed even without effective pollinators. Second, the shrub can apparently live for years. "We don't know exactly how long-lived the plant is as it does not seem to have growth rings," Kelly admits.
As for 19th-century North America, the passenger pigeon was a big consumer of the nuts of hickories, beeches and chestnuts in the vast eastern deciduous forest of North America. That forest has largely disappeared—and chestnuts were almost entirely wiped out by disease—but it is possible that the trees are also missing their one-time avian agent of dispersal. That could very easily be a problem for plants the world over, given that at least 190 species of birds have gone extinct since 1500 and more than a thousand are currently at risk of disappearing.
"The interactions among species are important for keeping ecosystems functioning properly," Kelly notes. "If we can get the birds right, the plant conservation will come as a secondary benefit."
Now available at
Amazon / Kobo / Apple iBooks / B&N NOOK / Smashwords
Add it on Goodreads or LibraryThing
“It was a year ago today we discovered the Everywhere Man…”
Join a team of software engineers in the search for a mysterious man obscured and faceless in millions of tourist photos taken along San Francisco's historic cable car routes. Never identified, his anonymity quietly frustrates a multimillion-dollar Internet startup—as well as the fabric of the city's digital history—until the explosive moment when he can no longer be ignored.
Everywhere Man invites the reader aboard a cable car and into a mystery as old as San Francisco itself. Only after the underground machinery and cables are laid bare is the identity of the Everywhere Man revealed—along with the fate of those who seek him.
Praise for Everywhere Man
“Nelson manages to merge two seemingly disparate worlds: the hard science of code and the creativity of fiction. The result is a fantastic story rendered unusually real.” – KQED Arts
“No one tells a hardboiled tale like Jim Nelson.” – Instant City
“Eerily good.” – Litseen
From the Author
Everywhere Man originated as an audio tour of San Francisco curated by Invisible City Audio Tours (Oakland, California). Tourists were encouraged to listen to the author's narration of Everywhere Man (professionally recorded at Berkeley's famed Fantasy Studios with an original backing score composed by Jesse Solomon Clark) while riding San Francisco's cable cars and walking through Fisherman's Wharf. The book and tour are synchronized so the listener is traveling through the locations as they are described in the book.
With Everywhere Man now available as an ebook, readers no longer need to visit San Francisco to experience the mystery!
Read more about Everywhere Man on my blog.
Where to Buy
Everywhere Man is now available at Amazon, Kobo, Apple iBooks, Barnes & Noble NOOK, and Smashwords.
Remembering the forgotten history of the Women's Suffrage Movement's "Night of Terror"
The Silent Sentinels picketing the White House in 1917. The Silent Sentinels picketing the White House in 1917.
When we tell our children about the fight for women's suffrage in America, we often tell a sanitized version of the story. We talk about letter-writing campaigns, activist conferences, and stirring speeches — and occasionally, we mention defiant suffragists being hauled to jail. But we often shy away from the darker truths about the sacrifices and suffering many suffragists had to endure in the fight for women's right to vote.
One especially notorious event, the "Night of Terror," when 33 suffragists from the National Women's Party, who had been arrested for protesting outside of the White House, were brutally beaten and tortured at the Occoquan Workhouse, a prison in northern Virginia took place a little over 100 years ago on November 14, 1917. For many of the women, the physical and psychological consequences of their harrowing experience would be lifelong. Their stories horrified the nation, galvanizing public support for the Women's Suffrage Movement and bringing new momentum which helped pass the 19th Amendment, recognizing women's right to vote, three years later. The freedom to vote, however, had come at a cost, and that cost was borne in part by these women.
To mark the recent 100th anniversary of the Night of Terror, A Mighty Girl is telling its story, so that people who were unaware of this ugly part of women's rights history can see just one example of what activists had to sacrifice during the decades-long fight for women's right to vote. While it is a painful story to tell and to hear, it is crucial that we remember — so that we use our right to vote well, and so that we never allow ourselves to lose ground for which so many women fought so hard.
A movement in transition
Suffrage leader Alice Paul, the co-founder of the National Women's Party, in 1915. Suffrage leader Alice Paul, the co-founder of the National Women's Party, in 1915.
In the early 1900s, the Women's Suffrage Movement was at a crossroads. Decades had passed since the Seneca Falls Convention in 1848, at which the Declaration of Sentiments, drafted by early suffragist leader Elizabeth Cady Stanton, was signed by attendees, declaring that the "inalienable right to the elective franchise" was one of the key rights being denied to women. Many activists felt that the movement had stalled and the suffragists were increasingly split between those who wanted to work incrementally, securing support for women's suffrage state by state, and others who believed that a constitutional amendment granting women's suffrage was the only way to push the cause forward.
Into this divide came young activists, many of them inspired by the British suffragettes, who were ready to take more radical steps in their fight for the vote. One of the most famous was Alice Paul, who returned from England in 1910; during her time there, she had joined the militant suffragettes in their protests, and had even been jailed and force fed while on hunger strikes. However, she had also seen the effectiveness of the suffragettes' tactics in bringing attention to their cause.
Together with her friend and colleague Lucy Burns, Paul was determined to reignite the fight for a constitutional amendment granting women's suffrage. Their first major event, a suffrage parade held the day before the inauguration of President Woodrow Wilson in 1913, received national attention when spectators in the largely male crowd attacked the marchers. Although over 100 women had to be hospitalized for injuries, the women refused to give up and completed the march. Historians credit the 1913 parade for inspiring a new wave of interest in the Women's Suffrage Movement, especially among a new generation of activists.
With Paul and her supporters continuing to push for the use of such high-visibility and often controversial tactics, tensions continued to grow between the younger organizers and long-time leaders of the National American Woman Suffrage Association. In 1916, an official split occurred when Paul and Burns broke off to form the National Women's Party (NWP). The NWP put its full attention on securing the passage of a constitutional amendment, and were willing to use confrontational tactics to bring attention to women's suffrage. The NWP held "watchfires," where they burned copies of Wilson's speeches, as well as marches and other protests. But they knew that further action was needed to advance their cause.
Tension rises
Suffrage leader Lucy Burns imprisoned in the Occoquan Workhouse, November 1917. Suffrage leader Lucy Burns imprisoned in the Occoquan Workhouse, November 1917.
In January 1917, the NWP took the controversial step of picketing outside the White House — the first time any group had done so. The "Silent Sentinels" held banners and signs that were deliberately intended to provoke; when the Russian delegation visited the White House, one of them read, "We, the women of America, tell you that America is not a democracy. Twenty million American women are denied the right to vote. President Wilson is the chief opponent of their national enfranchisement."
Although initially many people thought of the Silent Sentinels as a joke or a curiosity, public sentiment changed after the U.S. entered World War I in April 1917. "The NWP was not going to stop protesting simply because we were at war," explained Jennifer Krafchik, executive director of the Belmont-Paul Women's Equality National Monument. "They held Woodrow Wilson up as a pinnacle of democracy abroad but not at home. By June, crowds were getting incensed at what they saw as unpatriotic actions by these women." At times, onlookers would rip the signs out of the women's hands and even beat the women picketing, while the police looked on.
While the protesters were tolerated at first, after war was declared, the police began arresting the women on the charge of obstructing traffic. Undeterred, the protest continued every day and night, except Sundays, with new women coming to picket when others were sent to prison. Paul was among those arrested, and she was sentenced to a seven-month jail term starting in October. In protest of the horrific conditions at the District Jail, she began a hunger strike which led the jail authorities to force feed her raw eggs by forcing a tube down her throat twice a day. They also attempted to have Paul committed against her will to a psychiatric hospital; the hospital superintendent William Alanson White, however, refused to admit her, stating that she was sane and "perfectly calm, yet determined."
The harsh treatment of Paul infuriated her fellow suffragists who continued to picket the White House, while also protesting Paul's imprisonment. They demanded that the imprisoned suffragists be considered political prisoners, a distinction that could mean better treatment. Most suffragists were being held at Occoquan, where rats ran freely in and out of unlit cells, the food was infested with maggots, and prisoners were denied counsel. With tensions so high, the suffragists knew that arrests would no doubt continue. They did not, however, expect what would happen on November 14, 1917.
The Night of Terror
Supporters outside the prison, including National Women's Party organizer Lucy Branham pictured here, called for the suffragists to be treated as political prisoners. Supporters outside the prison, including National Women's Party organizer Lucy Branham pictured here, called for the suffragists to be treated as political prisoners.
By November, many of the Silent Sentinels had been repeatedly arrested and Occoquan superintendent W.H. Whittaker was frustrated. On November 14, he ordered the nearly 40 male guards to "teach the women a lesson." The guards attacked the 33 women with clubs, brutalizing them and throwing them into cells. According to affidavits taken during a later investigation, women were dragged, choked, pinched, and kicked — and some women received even worse treatment. They twisted Dora Lewis' arm behind her back and slammed her into a iron bed twice before leaving her unconscious on the floor. Her cellmate, Alice Cosu, believed that Lewis was dead and suffered a heart attack, but she was denied medical treatment until the next morning. Dorothy Day, who later co-founded the Catholic Worker Movement, was slammed repeatedly over the back of an iron bench.
After she started a roll call from her cell to check in on her fellow prisoners, Lucy Burns was identified as the group's ringleader. When she refused the guards' orders to stop the roll call, they handcuffed her arms to the cell bars above her head, leaving her standing bleeding all night. In solidarity, other women stood holding their arms above their own heads until she was released.
After the Night of Terror, the women refused to eat for three days; the guards tried to tempt the women to eat with fried chicken, which Burns considered an insult: "They think there is nothing in our souls above fried chicken." As the hunger strike continued, Whittaker began to fear that one of the prisoners would die, leading to even more negative publicity, so he ordered Burns to be removed to another jail, where she too was force fed. She was held down by five people as a tube was forced through her nostril, a practice which caused painful, severe nosebleeds. Burns ultimately served more jail time than any other American suffragist.
Reflecting on these horrific events years later, Paul observed: "Seems almost unthinkable now, doesn't it? It was shocking that a government of men could look with such extreme contempt on a movement that was asking nothing except such a simple little thing as the right to vote."
aftermath & Victory
Officers of the National Woman's Party hold a banner in front of its headquarters in 1920. The banner reads: "No self respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party that ignores her sex.” - Susan B. Anthony Officers of the National Woman's Party hold a banner in front of its headquarters in 1920. The banner reads: "No self respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party that ignores her sex.” - Susan B. Anthony
When the suffragists outside Occoquan learned about the Night of Terror, they were determined to make it public. They had an important ally in the Wilson White House who helped make it possible: Dudley Field Malone, an attorney who served as a campaign adviser to Wilson, resigned his political post so he could represent the Silent Sentinels in court. Malone, who later married Doris Stevens, one of the Occoquan prisoners, also passed on her jailhouse letters about the ordeal to the party newsletter, The Suffragist. Once the story broke, it received broad coverage in the media, outraging many readers and contributing to the growing public support of the suffragists' cause.
Malone's work in court paid off in late November, when a hearing into the arrests was ordered; on November 27 and 28, all of the suffragists were released from prison. The women spoke widely about their experiences and brought the attention of the world to the struggle for women's rights in America. The women also appealed their convictions for "unlawful assembly" for "obstructing the sidewalk" in front of the White House and the case went before the D.C. Court of Appeals in January 1918. Although the Night of Terror wasn't even mentioned during the trial, the three judges nevertheless issued a unanimous decision that every one of the women had been illegally arrested, illegally convicted, and illegally imprisoned.
Following their release from prison, the former detainees joined their fellow activists in their on-going protests at the White House and continued their organizing work calling for a constitutional amendment. In total, the Silent Sentinels picketed six days a week in front of the White House for two and a half years, with nearly 2,000 women participating in the vigil at different times. All of the negative press attention around the suffragists' arrests and brutal treatment finally drove Wilson to act. In January 1918, Wilson declared that women's suffrage was urgently needed as a "war measure" and called on Congress to act. The next year, the Senate passed the suffrage amendment, which began a state-by-state fight to secure ratification by state legislatures. At long last, the 19th Amendment -- declaring that "the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex" -- was adopted on August 18, 1920.
When the amendment was finally ratified, little credit was given to the NWP or to the women who had to suffer such brutal treatment in the pursuit of the right to vote, even though, according to scholar Belinda A. Stillion Southard, "the campaign of the NWP was crucial toward securing the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment." Following its passage, many of the NWP's leading activists continued to right for women's rights and other social justice causes, including Alice Paul who later co-authored the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA). Others felt they simply had no more to give — including Burns, who never fully physically recovered from the Night of Terror and reportedly said, "I don't want to do anything more. I think we have done all this for women, and we have sacrificed everything we possessed for them, and now let them fight for it now. I am not going to fight anymore."
Today, too many people have forgotten — or have never learned — the story of the Night of Terror. The Occoquan Workhouse, which was later renamed the Lorton Reformatory, closed in 2001 but it will soon have a new life as the Lucy Burns Museum so this important history will not be lost. Renovations to the building began in June 2016, and planned exhibits include several in memory of the suffragists and their sacrifices. Most importantly, we must teach our children what the suffragists had to do in order to win the rights and privileges that we take for granted today, recalling that this one horrific night was just one day in a struggle which lasted for over 70 years. A Mighty Girl honors the memory of these brave women by doing our part to share their story, and we encourage you to do the same. To make it easier, we have showcased a variety of books and films for all ages below telling the stories of these heroic women.
Books & Films about the 20th Century suffragists
Below you'll find a variety of books and films for all ages about these courageous leaders of the 'final push' to win women's suffrage. For books for young readers about the early days of the Women's Suffrage Movement, check out our blog post How Women Won the Vote: Teaching Kids About the U.S. Suffrage Movement and the Suffrage section of our Women's History Collection.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Many cyclists believe improving culture among drivers and boosting infrastructure are the only meaningful ways to save lives. But how much effect would some of these smaller changes have?
Issues surrounding cycle safety are often divisive. Here are five of them.
Should helmets be compulsory?
Nothing polarises opinion in the cycle safety debate like the idea of making the wearing of helmets compulsory.
Chris Boardman, ex-pro racer and policy adviser at British Cycling, was heavily criticised this week for deciding not to wear one. "You're as safe riding a bike as you are walking," he says. "It's not in the top 10 things you can do to keep safe."
Brain injury charity Headway quickly expressed its "anger and disappointment", pointing out that Boardman himself had written an article in 1998 titled I Was Saved By My Helmet. "It is worrying that a leading figure in the world of cycling should be allowed to put across such a dangerous and irresponsible view," said chief executive Peter McCabe.
In Australia, New Zealand and parts of the US, helmets are compulsory. So far the UK has resisted following suit, although the Highway Code does advise wearing them. And the British Medical Association calls for them to be mandatory. It certainly seems logical to try protecting your head - about three-quarters of cyclist deaths involve head trauma.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Even Boardman said "there is absolutely nothing wrong with helmets". The controversy surrounds making them compulsory.
In 2007 Dr Ian Walker, an expert in transport and traffic at the University of Bath, published research that demonstrated how helmets can have a disadvantageous effect on motorist behaviour. He found that drivers would afford cyclists about 8-9cm less space while overtaking if the rider was wearing a helmet.
"The benefits of helmets are hugely exaggerated," says John Franklin, author of Cyclecraft and an expert in cycle safety and accidents. "To put emphasis on them as a major safety aid is considerably overstating the evidence." Helmets are designed for low-speed accidents, primarily without another vehicle present, explains Walker. They're typically only tested up to 14mph.
"They shatter if you hit them too hard," adds Roger Geffen, from the CTC cycling charity. "People get very impressed when they see a shattered helmet and think 'My goodness, that could have been my skull' - but what it's showing is that helmets are actually quite flimsy."
The evidence is mixed. The Department for Transport found that hospital-based studies tended to show a "significant protective effect" from cycle helmets but wider population studies tended to show "a lower, or no, effect".
But it's easy to argue that some protection is an awful lot better than none. If you fall, anything that can absorb the shock and diminish the impact of a head collision could help.
Others stress looking at the bigger picture, arguing that cycling's health benefits far outweigh its risks. Making helmets compulsory could stop some people riding. "Even in a hypothetical situation where they could save 100% of all head injuries, you'd still end up shortening more lives if [making] people wear them reduced cycle usage by 2-3%," says Geffen.
The debate is far from conclusive. Walker's work did not focus on junctions, where 75% of accidents happen. And most objections are based more on prioritisation and not making them compulsory, rather than saying they have no value.
Should high-vis gear be used in daytime?
Image copyright Thinkstock
Some 44% of fatal cycling accidents are caused by drivers failing to look properly, according to independent research firm the Transport Research Laboratory.
So it would appear to make sense for cyclists to be as visible as possible. Hordes of lycra-clad cyclists in high-vis colours indicate that many agree.
Reflectors are already a requirement at night. And the government's Highway Code advises "light-coloured or fluorescent clothing which helps other road users to see you in daylight and poor light".
But research by Dr Ian Garrard, of Brunel University, casts doubt on assumptions about high-vis. Dressed in various outfits - from casual clothes to professional high-vis gear - Garrard measured how much space 6,000 motorists gave him as they passed his bike.
Image copyright University of Bath Image caption The different hi-vis outfits worn by Dr Garrard during his research
Clothing made almost no statistically significant difference - 1-2% of drivers always drove dangerously close. Only two outfits altered driver behaviour - one which said "police", and another with "polite". The latter is an intentional imitation popular with cyclists and horse riders.
To stand out, what matters most is the contrast with your background, says Geffen. And since your background constantly changes, there's no "best" colour to wear.
But it's important to note that this research was carried out in daytime conditions. Even though 80% of accidents occur in daylight, at night it's a different matter - anything that makes you visible is highly recommended.
Reflectors are powerful attention-grabbing mechanisms, says Walker. "We're intrinsically attuned to notice the movement of living things - and pedal reflectors on bikes imitate the up-down motion [of walking]," he adds.
Banning headphones
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Headphones dilemma for cyclist
Nearly 90% of people in a BBC poll wanted to ban cyclists from wearing headphones. About one in six cyclists admitted to using them at least occasionally.
"In order to ride safely on the road, you need to be aware all the time of what's happening all around you - not just in front of you," Franklin says.
Listening is an important aid for cyclists, more than other road users, he says. It's important to be able to hear sounds like the change in tone as a driver accelerates. "To be distracted in any way through headphones is a big mistake."
But there's little empirical research. "It's probably so obvious that it's a silly thing to do that no-one will get research funding," suggests Garrard.
Nobody would argue that headphones improve safety. But there are certainly objections to making them illegal for cyclists - at least partly because of what that implies for deaf riders.
The Highway Code for cyclists
The Highway Code gives rules for cycling in England, Scotland and Wales - and includes the following legal requirements:
At night your cycle must have white front and red rear lights lit. It must also be fitted with a red rear reflector.
have white front and red rear lights lit. It also is fitted with a red rear reflector. When using segregated tracks you must keep to the side intended for cyclists as the pedestrian side remains a pavement or footpath.
keep to the side intended for cyclists as the pedestrian side remains a pavement or footpath. You must not cycle on a pavement.
cycle on a pavement. You must not carry a passenger unless your cycle has been built or adapted to carry one; hold onto a moving vehicle or trailer; ride in a dangerous, careless or inconsiderate manner; ride when under the influence of drink or drugs, including medicine.
carry a passenger unless your cycle has been built or adapted to carry one; hold onto a moving vehicle or trailer; ride in a dangerous, careless or inconsiderate manner; ride when under the influence of drink or drugs, including medicine. You must obey all traffic signs and traffic light signals.
obey all traffic signs and traffic light signals. You must not cross the stop line when the traffic lights are red.
cross the stop line when the traffic lights are red. You must ensure your brakes are efficient.
Highway Code for cyclists
"There's nothing about British roads which says you have to rely on your ears," says Walker. "We have a very formulaic system about who has priority over whom, and that shouldn't actually involve your ears."
Others point to motorists blaring out loud music from car stereos. A study by an Australian magazine found that cyclists listening to music could hear more ambient traffic noise than people in cars with the windows up - even with no music at all.
Should cyclists ride in the middle of the lane?
Cycling hazards are not just from moving traffic. Ride too close to the kerb and you risk drains, manhole covers and potentially disastrous doors swinging open from parked cars.
"Positioning is by far the biggest influence a cyclist can have on his or her own safety," says Franklin. "If I had to teach somebody one thing about cycling it would be that." The optimal position depends on the situation, although never hugging the kerb, he says. The absolute minimum is half a metre, says Franklin.
Geffen suggests a metre from the kerb or line of parked cars is ideal.
But both say that sometimes it's important to move to the middle of the lane, as cyclists are legally allowed to do. "If it's not safe for someone to pass then you take a dominant position to deter them from doing so," Franklin says. "[When] it's safe then you're courteous and allow them to pass."
It's crucial to control when someone can overtake you, says Geffen.
But it's also important how you do so, says Garrard. "Cars to some extent regard overtaking a bicycle as a right. If you look as if you are deliberately blocking them, you can cause more aggression."
And Walker's research discovered that the further one ventures into the middle of the road, the less space will be given to the cyclist by an overtaking vehicle.
So if you come out by 10cm, cars will compensate about 8cm, and increasingly get closer the further out, explains Garrard.
Geffen recommends trying to make eye contact if you take the middle of the lane, so as to humanise the interaction.
Flashing lights or steady lights?
Image copyright Thinkstock
It's illegal to cycle on the road after dark without lights. But only since 2005 has it been legal to use only flashing lights. So which are safer?
Much depends on context, says Chris Juden, technical officer at CTC. It's no coincidence that police cars, slow-moving vehicles and ambulances all use flashing lights, he says. They attract the attention of drivers.
In highly urbanised situations with lots of light pollution, flashing lights probably work better than steady ones, Juden says.
"What worries me about night-time visibility is how preposterously brightly-lit cars are becoming," adds Walker. Coupled with other dazzling, distracting city lights, it's harder to see cyclists and pedestrians, he says.
More from the Magazine
But in rural settings a steady lamp at the front might be more useful in illuminating the road ahead, says Juden.
It's a thought echoed by the government's advice for areas without street lighting. One problem with flashing lights is that they are harder to track, he says.
"[They] make it very difficult for someone to see precisely where you are," agrees Franklin. Motorists may know you're there but it's harder to judge how far away you are and how fast you're going, he adds.
The wider debate
Many advocates of cycle safety regard all of the above as a distraction from what they say are the main issues - that attitudes among drivers must change and the infrastructure must be improved.
If we really are serious about trying to make cycling part of our culture, either the cars have to be tamed, or the cyclists have to be segregated John Franklin, cycle safety expert
Most personal protective equipment - like helmets or high-vis - places the burden and cost of protection on the rider, they say. There's an ethical incongruence there, Walker says, as riders are effectively paying not to be killed by others.
Most cycling advocates argue instead for deeper structural changes to improve safety - cycle highways or stricter laws.
Boardman and British Cycling's "top 10 things to keep safe" features just one reference to personal protective equipment - and that's "removing advice to wear certain clothing when cycling".
Personal protective equipment is the very last step in creating a safe system, says Walker. Take aviation, maritime and rail, he says. "The starting point for every aspect of that system is the driver will make mistakes. It's insane that we utterly ignore human fallibility [for cars and cycling]."
"If we really are serious about trying to make cycling part of our culture, either the cars have to be tamed, or the cyclists have to be segregated," Franklin says.
"A sensible cyclist - and there are some fools out there - has pretty much done all he or she can do for their safety," Garrard adds.
Image copyright PA
But many motorists - and even generally pro-cycling London Mayor Boris Johnson - claim there are more than just "some" cycling fools. Johnson has even blamed risk-taking cyclists for causing many fatalities. It's clearly not just a one-sided issue.
Cycle training courses would be useful for everyone, says Franklin. "They've moved on a long way since children cycling around bollards."
But any changes will be gradual, and until then cyclists still have choices to make on the road. And any influence they have to limit the level of risk might be worth it.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
CANNES, FRANCE - MAY 18: Jennifer Lawrence attends the Premiere of 'Jimmy P. (Psychotherapy Of A Plains Indian)' at The 66th Annual Cannes Film Festival on May 18, 2013 in Cannes, France. (Photo by Mike Marsland/WireImage)
America's latest girl crush, Jennifer Lawrence, is stripping down for her role in the upcoming film "X-Men: Days of Future Past."
The 23-year-old actress stars as Raven/Mystique in the latest movie in the "X-Men" franchise, reprising her role from 2011's "X-Men: First Class." Lawrence spoke about the part in a recent interview with SciFiNow, addressing her lack of clothing in the film.
"I'm naked," Lawrence said about her appearance in the forthcoming movie. "But when I do get to wear clothes, I love the '70s outfits."
"She was struggling, like a lot of normal humans, with the way she looked," Lawrence added about her "X-Men" character. "She was covered up a lot in the first movie, but this time she is Mutant and proud.”
Director Bryan Singer ("X2") took to Twitter earlier this year to post a photo of Lawrence done up in her "X-Men" makeup. The actress appeared almost unrecognizable, sporting cropped orange hair, and covered head-to-toe in blue.
Led by Singer, "X-Men: Days of Future Past" also stars Hugh Jackman, Michael Fassbender, Nicholas Hoult, and Halle Berry, among others. The movie will hit theaters on May 23, 2014.
We just released ember-test-selectors, an Ember Addon that enables better element selectors in Ember.js tests. It removes all data attributes starting with data-test- from the application's templates in the production environment so that these attributes can be used to select elements with in acceptance and integration tests without polluting the markup that is delivered to the end user.
Why even use data attributes as test selectors?
Integration and acceptance tests usually interact with and assert on the presence of certain elements in the markup that an application renders. These elements are identified using CSS selectors. Most projects use one of three approaches for CSS selectors in tests:
Selectors based on HTML structure
This approach simply selects elements by their position in the rendered HTML. For the following template:
<article> <h1> Post Title </h1> <p> Post Body… </p> </article>
one might select the post's title with the selector 'article h1' . Of course this breaks when changing the <h1> to a <h2> while the functionality being tested is probably not affected by that change.
Selectors based on CSS classes
This approach selects elements by CSS classes. For the following template:
<article> <h1 class= "post-title" > {{ post . title }} </h1> <p> {{ post . body }} </p> </article>
one might select the post title with the selector '.post-title' . This of course breaks when the CSS class is changed or renamed, although that would only be a visual change which shouldn't affect the tests at all.
Many projects use CSS classes with special prefixes that are only used for testing to overcome this problem like 'js-post-title' . While that approach is definitely more stable it is often hard to maintain. Also it doesn't easily allow encoding additional information like e.g. the post's id.
Selectors based on data attributes
This approach uses HTML 5 data attributes to select elements. For the following template:
<article> <h1 data-test-selector= "post-title" > {{ post . title }} </h1> <p> {{ post . body }} </p> </article>
one would select the post's title with the selector *[data-test-selector="post-title"] (which selects any element with a data-test-selector attribute that has the value "post-title" ). While the selector is arguably a bit longer this approach clearly separates the test selectors from the rest of the markup and is resilient to change as the attribute can be applied to any element rendering the post's title, regardless of the HTML structure, CSS classes etc. Also it easily allows encoding more data in the markup like e.g. the post's id:
<article> <h1 data-test-selector= "post-title" data-test-resource-id= " {{ post . id }} " > {{ post . title }} </h1> <p> {{ post . body }} </p> </article>
ember-test-selectors makes sure to remove all these data attributes in the production environment so that users will have perfectly clean HTML delivered:
<article> <h1> My great post </h1> <p> Bla bla… </p> </article>
Future Plans
We have some future plans for ember-test-selectors to make working with data attributes as test selectors even more convenient:
Gerry Brownlee was sent to Australia soon after a proposed clampdown on Kiwi students across the Tasman caused alarm.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Gerry Brownlee and his Australian counterpart Julie Bishop have pledged to take expats' needs seriously after discussing contentious trans-Tasman issues including the rights of Kiwi students.
Labour says Brownlee needs to be tougher, but Australia should also speak up if New Zealand is being used as a sneaky launchpad for migrants eyeing up Aus.
Brownlee's trip to Australia was his first overseas engagement since taking over the job from Murray McCully​.
CAMERON SPENCER/GETTY IMAGES Australia's Minister for Foreign Affairs, Julie Bishop.
Given the close Anzac relationship, it could be easy to forget that both countries had separate national policies, Brownlee said.
READ MORE:
* No benefits for battling Kiwis in Australia
* PM annoyed with volatile Aussies over one-sided rules
* Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull defends 'uniquely Australian' values
But any points of difference in the relationship could be overcome, he said at a press conference on Thursday.
LAWRENCE SMITH/FAIRFAX NZ Labour's foreign affairs spokesman David Parker says NZ must be tougher, but Australia ought to say if we're being used as a springboard for people to pour across the Tasman.
Brownlee said the ministers agreed that officials from both countries would consider how national policies affected the rights of expats on both sides of the Tasman.
Earlier this week, an Australian government proposal indicated subsidies for New Zealand citizens enrolling in tertiary education courses would likely be dumped, making them fee-paying students.
Brownlee said any contentious issues must be put "in the context of the very long relationship" between the two nations.
NZN VIDEO/AAP VIDEO New Zealand pathway to citizen arrangement stands: Australian Foreign Minister
The proposal in Australia's new Higher Education Reform Package followed a surge in "Australia First" rhetoric.
Bishop said she was looking forward to meeting Brownlee frequently for "frank and open discussions."
Bishop said New Zealanders would actually have more chances to acess higher education and a "generous" loans programme in Australia.
"But it's not a free service."
The changes were made in the context of Australia's federal budget, she said. The country faces deficits and its budget will be delivered next week.
Labour foreign affairs spokesman David Parker said it appeared Kiwi politeness was being taken advantage of, and the New Zealand government needed to "up the temperature" to get a better deal.
"When Australia's standing on us, we have to respond."
Parker said "diplomacy will always be important" but Kiwis expected their government to act firmly when New Zealand was ignored.
He said Brownlee "should make it clear to Australia that if Australia prejudices long-term residents...who by circumstances of birth are New Zealand citizens, then there will be a response from the New Zealand government that affects Australian interests in New Zealand."
But it might be worthwhile asking if New Zealand's immigration system was contributing to issues Australia had problems with.
"If the underlying concern of Australia is that New Zealand is being used as a back-door entry point for new migrants who come to NZ, then move to Australia, they should say that and discuss that, and we can perhaps remedy it."
Peace and stability in the Pacific and bilateral efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan were also discussed at the Sydney meeting.
Prime Minister Bill English said on Tuesday he was unhappy with Australian policies that undermined traditions of equal treatment.
"We want a serious discussion with them about where they're headed with this policy rather than announcements that are made either without telling us, or at short notice."
The fees proposal followed recent volatility around citizenship laws, and debates over deportees and welfare benefits.
English said it was time for serious bilateral talks on the Anzac relationship, suggesting some serious soul-searching was needed.
English said many New Zealanders in Australia "don't know just what might happen next."
The New Zealand Union of Students' Associations also voiced alarm at the tertiary fees policy change.
It's the holidays, and there's a good chance that Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark is playing on TV, with Dr Jones digging for the Ark of the Covenant in the sands of Egypt.
Oddly enough, this movie is surprisingly relevant to the world of science – the University of Birmingham has announced its own stunning archaeological discovery beneath the very same desert landscape. It is, however, unlikely to contain face-melting demons.
Researchers are reporting that they've found “compelling evidence” of a new tomb at Qubbet el-Hawa. In a statement released on Facebook, the Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities report that a 2-meter-high (6.6 feet) wall within the West Aswan cemetery hints that a pharaoh or two may be hidden under the sand.
The site is already famous for its rock-cut tombs for the ancient elite of the Old Kingdom, whose rulers and settlements date back to the third millennium BCE – and whose innovations represented an early peak in the civilizations of the lower Nile Valley.
This mysterious new wall is thought to have been an architectural support for varying tombs, including those above and below a terrace. This suggests that new tombs lie in wait, to be discovered.
Whether they contain the remains of the upper echelons of Ancient Egyptian society, or in fact one of the long-lost monarchs themselves, is not clear at this point.
-
“The findings are dramatically altering our understanding of the funerary landscape in this area during the Old Kingdom and First Intermediate Period in 2278-2184 BCE,” Carl Graves, a PhD student working on the excavation, said in a statement. “I don't think anyone yet knows who the tombs might have belonged to.”
The stone wall was dated by shards of pottery embedded within the mortar used to construct it. The pottery itself appears to have been forged in the style typical of the reign of King Pepi II, a ruler of the Sixth Dynasty.
It's been a good few months for archaeology in Egypt. Just this November, the Ministry announced that a 7,000-year-old city had been located along the River Nile. Although the evidence is still being gathered, it appears that it was part of the very first capital of one of the earliest Egyptian empires.
Hong Kong, a former British colony that is now a special administrative region of China, is governed separately from the mainland. Under the current setup in mainland China, users can conduct a Google search and see the results, but often they cannot open the links because they are blocked by the Chinese government.
Photo
“This was an issue made to order for compromise,” said J. Stapleton Roy, director of the Kissinger Institute on China and the United States at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. “It is good for China to have Google involved there, and it is good for Google to keep its footprint in China.”
The renewal of Google's license came two weeks after the company was forced to change its approach of automatically sending Chinese search users to its Hong Kong-based site. Under threat from Beijing that its license would be denied, Google instead began displaying on Google.cn a link to the Hong Kong site that users could click to conduct searches.
Forcing users to take that extra step could cost Google market share in China, where it trails behind Baidu, the local search engine. But China experts said that the approach represents a pragmatic balancing of interests that lets both sides get some of what they want.
Xiao Qiang, director of the China Internet Project at the University of California, Berkeley, said that Google won because “they get their operating license. Chinese Internet users win because they can continue to access some Google services.”
But Mr. Xiao said the Chinese government also would win, because while it forced Google to move its search service out of China and barred it from automatically redirecting users to its uncensored Hong Kong-based search engine, it also got to show its own people and the outside world that it was willing to balance economic issues and censorship.
“It is unprecedented for a private company to challenge Chinese Internet censorship,” Mr. Xiao said. “In the past, there would have been no doubt that the Chinese government would have punished Google.” For the government, finding a way to keep Google in the country “is a very calculated position that is good for China's long-term development and openness,” Mr. Xiao said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While Google's stand against Chinese government censorship earned Google the good will of free speech and human rights advocates, it also came at a cost.
Photo
The compromise will allow Google to keep some of its business in China, but its position there may be weakened. In addition to potentially losing search traffic, Google could be hurting its ambition to expand into China's booming mobile phone business. Some phone makers and network operators are introducing phones powered by Google's Android software in China, but they have stripped out Google's mobile search service from the devices and replaced it with rivals like Baidu. Google, which makes its money placing ads linked to search results, could face a limited audience for mobile advertising.
Google said in January that it was not willing to continue cooperating with Chinese censors after the hacking attempts on its databases and the e-mail accounts of some users. The company said at the time that it might have to shut down its search engine in China if the government insisted that the company continue to strip material that officials consider offensive or politically volatile.
Many analysts were stunned by the moves and questioned whether Google was acting prudently in risking its spot in the world's largest Internet market.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When the government insisted that Google continue to censor search results, the company tried to simply redirect users to the Hong Kong site. The change had little impact on Chinese users, who could still not access sites that the Chinese government censored. But it shifted the onus of censoring results from Google to China's filtering system, known as the Great Firewall of China.
But Google's approach failed to appease Beijing, and Google was forced to modify it again late last month, by offering users a link on Google.cn rather than the automatic referral to the Hong Kong site. The move, though seemingly insignificant, apparently satisfied China.
Renewal is required annually for Google's license, which officially expires in 2012.
Even before the censorship issue came to the fore, Google was struggling in China to attain the same market dominance it has achieved in many other countries.
The hottest Internet companies in China include Baidu, Tencent and Alibaba — fast-growing local companies that are making huge profits.
Google is not the only American giant that has had trouble in China. Yahoo and eBay have failed to gain significant traction here. And Facebook, Twitter and YouTube are blocked by the government.
Enrollment has reportedly passed 35,000 students, and Kennesaw State University doesn't have the physical space or the instructors needed to properly teach them.
Just two weeks before classes began, some communication majors received an email informing them of a course cancellation.
“This message is to inform you that unfortunately the [course] in which you were enrolled for fall semester must be cancelled due to lack of instructor and will soon be removed from your schedule,” the email read.
A second email offered a “special time ticket” for affected students to register for classes, but most courses were already full.
“We're offering a similar schedule to what we've offered in recent years,” said Dr. Barbara Gainey, chair of the School of Communication and Media. “The difference is that the demand has increased, and that the faculty available to teach has not appreciably changed.”
Gainey said a total of six courses were cancelled before school started due to the lack of instructors, including some that are prerequisites to graduate. There are also three full-time and two part-time faculty members that are expecting, further straining the workforce.
Gainey explains, however, that this problem has been building over the course of the last few years.
“We have been able to add both assistant professors and lecturers in the past couple of years, but not in the numbers that allow us to really catch up,” she said.
The shortage boils down to the budget, and there simply isn't enough funding to hire more professors.
“My understanding is that there is no expectation that new faculty at all will be hired this coming year,” Gainey said.
With no expectation of new instructors in the coming year, students can expect the same difficulty in signing up for classes.
“This is a challenge that's not unique to our program,” she said. “We just seem to be the most extreme example of it right now.”
Ken Harmon, the provost and vice president for Academic Affairs, agrees that the shortage of instructors is not unique to the School of Communication and Media.
“It's a ubiquitous problem,” Harmon said. “I wish it was isolated, but it's not.”
Though students are struggling to get into upper-level courses needed to graduate, Harmon says there is an even bigger problem with general education courses.
“We have critical needs for instructors, especially if you think about the core classes,” he said. “Our biggest issue is just the budget itself.”
Though Harmon attributes the current lack of instructors to a university-wide budget crisis, he does not believe the dining operating losses revealed by the audits in June are connected to this issue.
“I think those are fairly isolated to the auxiliary and operational side,” he said.
He blames the university's rapid growth in recent years for the shortage of instructors and the budget needs. As of Friday afternoon, enrollment was nearly 35,600 according to Harmon, though that number may change after the first few weeks of classes. Historically, KSU has been a school of transfer students, though the demographics have shifted to reflect a higher percentage of first-time full-time freshmen enrolling.
“As a whole campus, if you look at our square footage per student compared to almost all others across the state, we have some of the lowest square footage,” Harmon said.
This has led to a lack of physical space for classes. The university now uses software to look at class sizes and available rooms across campus to switch spaces as needed. Some courses for the School of Communication and Media, for instance, are being held in Kennesaw Hall instead of the typical Social Sciences building.
“Now we're saying, ‘All buildings belong to the university and we just need to move classes where they are best suited,'” Harmon said.
He says the administration is exploring solutions to the lack of space as well as the shortage of instructors.
One solution, Harmon said, is to reallocate resources to funnel more money into instruction. The university is also using technology to study utilization of faculty workload — basically, adjusting class sizes to serve more students with the existing amount of instructors.
Harmon also stresses how much online and hybrid courses can help the problem, along with the possibility of implementing an admissions cap. He says the administration plans to work with the Board of Regents to learn more about capping enrollment and the next steps of the process.
“We either need a dramatic expansion of resources or we need to cap enrollment,”Harmon said.
While these solutions are vetted and implemented, though, some students fall behind in their graduation dates because required courses get cancelled.
Gainey, the chair of the School of Communication and Media, did not indicate that students can have prerequisites overridden or other solutions to help them graduate on time.
“We've exhausted our resources,” she said. “Students may be back with us in the spring. It's a very unfortunate situation.”
Harmon said most situations with cancelled courses are handled within each college and school.
“However, if we have students who are being delayed on their graduation, we would want to know about it,” he said.
Harmon says sometimes there are “creative” ways to allow students to stay on track, like creating overflow classes or waiving prerequisite course requirements.
During this transition process, he emphasized that students' feelings are not being undermined, and urged them to speak up to administration and faculty.
“It is very crowded. We get that,” Harmon said. “You have every right to be frustrated.”
WASHINGTON — The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) announced that it will hold a public hearing July 28 to determine the most likely cause of the fatal SpaceShipTwo accident last October.
The meeting will be held at NTSB's conference center here starting at 9:30 a.m. Eastern. The purpose of the meeting, according to the July 23 announcement, is “to determine the probable cause” of the Oct. 31 accident, which the NTSB has been investigating in cooperation with the Federal Aviation Administration's Office of Commercial Space Transportation and other agencies.
NTSB investigators said in the days after the accident that the vehicle's co-pilot, killed in the accident, appeared to prematurely unlock the feathering mechanism that raises the vehicle's tail for reentry. That created an aerodynamic instability and, seconds later, the vehicle broke apart in mid-air. The vehicle's pilot survived the accident with minor injuries.
The NTSB has made no formal statements on the accident investigation since mid-November, when it announced it had interviewed the surviving pilot. In comments at a meeting of the National Research Council's Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board here April 22, NTSB Chairman Christopher Hart suggested the lack of automation in the SpaceShipTwo cockpit may have played a role in the accident.
“It depends so much on humans doing the right thing under some fairly challenging circumstances, i.e., being in a three-g environment, wearing gloves, flicking switches,” Hart said at the meeting. “I don't think it's very well understood because we just don't have that much experience with it.”
If you are a Twitter addict and liked MobileTwitter, the native iPhone application which I had reviewed few days back then you should also check out Twinkle, another native Twitter client for the iPhone that has been recently released.
Twinkle has the couple of additional features that got me interested.
The two interesting features about Twinkle is the Locate Me feature and ability to add images to your tweets.
The Locate Me feature works as follows: Twinkle lets you use the iPhone's location feature to add location data to your tweets. You can use the ‘Near Me' tab to see tweets from Twitter users who are within X miles of you. The default is 50-miles, and you can choose to change this to 1, 2, 10, 25, 100, 1,000, or 252,000 (it appears that there is a bug as the settings are lost when you exit the application).
The location information is only visible from Twinkle and not on the Twitter website, so this will only work when more iPhone users start using Twinkle.
If you do not fancy this feature then you always have the option to turn it off in the application "Settings" tab.
The other cool feature is the ability to add images to your tweets right at the posting screen, one tap on a camera icon at the bottom launches the camera and once you select the image, it takes you right back to the posting screen with your image file as an attachment. The images are then visible in your tweets as thumbnails which can be enlarged with a tap on the thumbnail.
Unfortunately, just like the location information, the images will be visible only from the Twinkle client and not on the Twitter website.
Other than these two additional features, you can see from the screenshots below (courtesy Gear Live) that the user interface is quite neat and intuitive.
In order to install Twinkle on your iPhone, you will need a Jailbroken iPhone with the cool Installer App installed. If you want to jailbreak your iPhone you can check out these posts: ZiPhone 3.0: New version of Popular tool to JailBreak and Unlock iPhone Released or iLiberty: Easy to use Application to JailBreak, Activate and Unlock iPhone.
Once you have the Installer app on your iPhone, you'll need to add the Polar Bear Farm source in Installer to see Twinkle.
You need to follow some simple steps on your jailbroken iPhone for this:
Click on the Installer Icon on your iPhone's home screen.
Click on the "Sources" icon at the bottom.
Click "Edit".
Click "Add".
Enter: "http://www.polarbearfarm.com/repo/".
Click "OK".
As always do let me know the things you liked or did not like about this native iPhone application.
[via Gear Live]
Top iPhone Hacks Categories:
Hacks
iPhone Applications
Unlock iPhone
JailBreak iPhone
iPhone Tips & Tricks
iPhone Games
iPhone News
What next?
Like this post? Share it!
Giant rocks close highway in Zion National Park
A rockslide shut down Mount Carmel Highway in southern Utah's Zion National Park last night. No one was injured. "Crews will have to blast the rock and use heavy machinery to clear it. Due to the rock fall, emergency response is not available on the east side of Zion. The Scenic Drive and Zion Canyon remains open," Park spokeswoman Jin Prugsawan told the Salt Lake Tribune .
Beautiful Patagonia avalanche These guy taped a a beautiful avalanche at Torres del Paine National Park in Patagonia, Chile. It stopped right before it reached them, and just hovered over them. READ THE REST
The horrors of an avalanche (and the beauty of really amazing online journalism) Now this is how you do multimedia. At The New York Times, John Branch tells the amazing, terrifying story of 16 backcountry skiers and snowboarders caught in an avalanche in the Cascade mountains in February 2012. The article, by itself, is a must-read. But you should also take a look at the absolutely fantastic way […] READ THE REST
Get certified online in machine learning and data science As big companies wrangle an ever-increasing amount of data, the applications for deep learning grow – and so do the job opportunities. If you've got a working knowledge of Python, all you need are the tools to start making data work for you. Get up to speed on the science and code behind the field […] READ THE REST
Listen to vinyl anywhere with this extremely portable record player Anyone who really listens to vinyl knows the medium is far from dead. But convincing others of its appeal can be an uphill battle. For one thing, there's the gear: A quality record player takes up a lot more space than, say, a smartphone packed with thousands of streaming songs at the ready. But here's […] READ THE REST
"HEY CAROLINA!" an overly cheery voice shouted.
Carolina's eyes shot open and in an instant she was in a combat cover position on the floor. In her slightly asleep state she quickly scanned around and then focused on the small girl with red clothes standing before her.
"Oh, it's just you", Carolina said as she stood up "sorry about the lamp". In her half-awake combat roll she had knocked a lamp off a bedside table.
"It's no problem" Blake said, yawning "we'll just call the office and they'll bring a new one"
"why did you wake me up so early" Carolina said as she looked at the clock. 1:30 AM was way too early, especially for a soldier like Carolina.
"We got a call from Professor Ozpin" Yang said. "there's been a Grimm attack on the west side of campus"
"How big of an attack" Carolina said while putting her armor on over her fatigues.
"At least 20 Beowolves" Weiss stated " nothing we can't handle, but Ruby thought about being polite and bringing you"
"We should really get going" Yang said. The rest of the gang nodded in agreement.
When they arrived at the scene of the battle, team JNPR was already engaging the Grimm. There were no signs of Grif and Caboose anywhere around the attack. Carolina didn't really care much though, they would just get in the way. Without a second thought Carolina grabbed her sniper rifle and proceeded to pick off the Grimm that were advancing. She was too distracted shooting the Grimm that were a ways back and almost got sliced by an unseen Beowolf. Blake saw it in time though and quickly put it down.
A short while later all the grimm were vanquished and the ones that remained limped off into the forest.
"I can't thank you students enough" Ozpin said towards teams RWBY and JNPR "without your help those Grimm would have over run us"
"Something doesn't add up" Pyrrha said "the Grimm don't advance past the treeline which is at least half a mile from Beacon"
"What are you implying, Ms. Nikos?" Ozpin asked.
"I have spent a lot of time reading on the history of this school" Pyrrha replied, "and from what I read, the Grimm stopped coming on to the schools campus when the statues for the Guardians of Vale were constructed at the four cardinal directions, over a hundred years ago."
"How do statues stop the Grimm from attacking?" Ruby asked.
"It's not the statues, it's what's in the statues" Pyrrha answered, "the statues hold dust crystals in their hands, representing how the ancient humans used dust to defeat the Grimm that hunted them."
"Ms. Nikos is correct" Ozpin replied, "The Guardian statues form a sort of magical barrier that the Grimm fear enough to keep away"
"So why did the Grimm go past the barrier?" Yang asked.
"Sounds like something happened to these crystals" Carolina said.
"Go to the four statues and make sure the crystals are intact" Ozpin commanded
Teams RWBY and JNPR had split up. Pyrrha and Jaune had gone to the south statue, Norra and Ren to the East, Blake and Yang to the West, and Ruby and Weiss went North. Carolina had tagged along with Ruby and Weiss because she thought they might need a little help.
As they approached the statue they noticed it was huge, at least thirty feet high. The statue depicted an hooded figure kneeling towards the forest, it had a massive ice Dust crystal in it's hands.
"It doesn't make sense" Ruby said, breaking the silence, "this crystal looks intact". As if on cue, the crystal shattered into hundreds of pieces.
"AAHH" Ruby yelped.
"Calm down" Weiss said, "what just happened?"
"I-It just shattered" ruby replied, still a little surprised by what just happened.
"Things don't just break without a reason" Carolina said.
"So what do you think happened?" Weiss asked.
Carolina looked at the crystal remains for a short moment. "There", Carolina said, pointing at a streak of soot and a piece metal sitting near it.
She picked up the piece of metal and stopped, as if in fear.
"What is it?" Ruby asked.
"Project Freelancer" Carolina said without looking up.
"Umm, what?"
"It was a secret government project that trained super soldiers", Carolina said, "We thought we had finished it off. Obviously we were wrong."
"Did they come through the same portal as you guys?" Weiss asked.
"I don't know, but they are here for a reason."
Just then they overheard what sounded like a ship taking off. Before anyone could say anything a small Nevermore dove at them.
"LOOKOUT!" Ruby shouted. They all dove out of the way just in time for the Nevermore to collide with the ground. It laid there unconscious.
"Why are Grimm attacking more than usual?" Ruby said.
"Could it have to do with that?" Carolina asked.
On the Nevermore's neck was a silver collar with tubes connecting it to the creature's head. There was a small insignia on the collar.
"Project Freelancer" Carolina said under her breath, secretly hoping it wasn't true.
Author's Note: I'm starting to bridge the gap between the two universes and combine them, stick around for chapter four next week.
A Toronto man has been charged with robbery after allegedly stealing a pre-schooler's bike earlier this week, police said.
The little girl was riding in a parking lot on Wednesday when a 38-year-old man shoved her off the bike, police said.
Police allege along with her bike, he also took her jacket and one of her shoes.
Witnesses to the incident called officers who made an arrest a short time later. Tong Le is now facing robbery charges.
Police are still trying to locate the victim and her caregiver because they didn't stay at the scene to file a report on the incident.
The caregiver is described by police as Asian, 30, with short hair. She was last seen wearing a skirt.
The girl is also Asian, and approximately 4 to 6 years old. She was last seen wearing a pink jacket and had a small white bicycle with bright orange rims.
Tibetan ghost Nam-khyi nag-po according to an old Tibetan blockprint of the Vaidurya dkar-po (1685)
There is widespread belief in ghosts in Tibetan culture. Ghosts are explicitly recognized in the Tibetan Buddhist religion as they were in Indian Buddhism,[1] occupying a distinct but overlapping world to the human one, and feature in many traditional legends. When a human dies, after a period of uncertainty they may enter the ghost world. A hungry ghost (Tibetan: yidag, yi-dvags; Sanskrit: preta, प्रेत) has a tiny throat and huge stomach, and so can never be satisfied. Ghosts may be killed with a ritual dagger or caught in a spirit trap and burnt, thus releasing them to be reborn. Ghosts may also be exorcised, and an annual festival is held throughout Tibet for this purpose. Some say that Dorje Shugden, the ghost of a powerful 17th-century monk, is a deity, but the Dalai Lama asserts that he is a wrathful spirit, which has caused a split in the Tibetan exile community.
Nature of ghosts [ edit ]
Tibetan Buddhists believe that when a person dies, they enter the intermediate Bardo state, from which they may be reborn in this world in a human or animal body, in the ghost world in a ghost body, in one of the paradise realms or in one of the hells. But eventually, the person will die in this after-death world and be reborn as a human or other creature unless they achieve Nirvana, where they are beyond all states of embodiment.[2]
Hungry ghosts have their own realm depicted on the Bhavacakra and are represented as teardrop or paisley-shaped with bloated stomachs and necks too thin to pass food, so that attempting to eat is also incredibly painful. Some are described as having "mouths the size of a needle's eye and a stomach the size of a mountain". This is a metaphor for people futilely attempting to fulfill their illusory physical desires. Sometime individuals have a predominance of hungry ghost in their makeup. They can never get enough, and are always hungry for more.[3] The Tibetan word for the emotional state of the hungry ghost, ser na, literally means "yellow nosed", and could be said to mean "meanness" or "lack of generosity". The person in this state is constantly seeking to consume and to enrich themselves, but can never be satisfied.[4]
A tulpa is a type of ghost or being that is created through mental effort, purely from the thoughts of its creator. A very skilled Buddhist practitioner or sorcerer may have this ability, and in some cases a Tulpa may be created from the collective thoughts of the villagers. Such a ghost is not self-aware at first, but may gradually acquire awareness and go on to become a normal human being.[5]
Dealing with ghosts [ edit ]
Phurba [ edit ]
The phurba (Tibetan: ཕུར་བ, Sanskrit: kīla) is a ritual dagger used by a tantric practitioner to release an evil spirit from its suffering and guide it to a better rebirth. Such a spirit (ghost) is a being which lingers in confusion between different realms. By plunging the dagger into it, it is thrown out of its confusion and gets the chance to be reborn, probably as a lower kind than human.[6]
Spirit traps [ edit ]
Families often mount ghost-traps on the roofs of their houses, spindle-like contraptions wound with colored yarns.[7] A spirit trap may also be hung in a tree. The series of interlocking threads is thought to ensnare the spirit, and is burnt when the job is done.[8]
Exorcising-Ghost day [ edit ]
The Tibetan religious ceremony 'Gutor' ༼དགུ་གཏོར་༽, literally offering of the 29th, is held on the 29th of the 12th Tibetan month, with its focus on driving out all negativity, including evil spirits and misfortunes of the past year, and starting the new year in a peaceful and auspicious way.
The temples and monasteries throughout Tibet hold grand religious dance ceremonies, with the largest at Potala Palace in Lhasa. Families clean their houses on this day, decorate the rooms and eat a special noodle soup called 'Guthuk'. ༼དགུ་ཐུག་༽ In the evening, the people carry torches, calling out the words of exorcism.[9]
A folk tale [ edit ]
A story tells of a man who met a ghost while out walking. The ghost started walking with him, which made him very frightened, although he hid his fear and pretended that he too was a ghost. They came to a town. The ghost left the man resting, entered the town and stole the soul of the king's son, tying it up in a yak hair sack. Returning to the man, the ghost left the sack in his care for a while. The man took the sack into the town, where the king was in great alarm because his son was dying. The man promised to revive the boy, conducting rituals and at the same time releasing the boy's soul from the bag. When the boy revived, the king gave the man half of all his property as reward.[10]
Dorje Shugden [ edit ]
Statue of Dorje Shugden
Dorje Shugden is the ghost of a powerful 17th-century monk who was murdered in his palace in Tibet. His adherents consider that he is a deity. However, in the late 1970s the Dalai Lama reconsidered his faith in Dorje Shugden, and decided that the wrathful spirit was working against him, hampering his goal of seeking autonomy for Tibet with minimal interference from Beijing. This has caused a split between Tibetan exiles, with often bitter arguments between those who follow the Dalai Lama and those who continue to revere Dorje Shugden.[11] The Western Shugden Society is one of these organizations.
See also [ edit ]
PROSPECT HEIGHTS — The brand new Barclays Center boasts innovative architecture, fancy suites and a unique herringbone basketball court, but it's lacking one humble necessity — toilet paper.
Department of Health inspectors this month hit the freshly opened arena's Calvin Klein Courtside Club with four violation points after they discovered the bathroom at the exclusive lounge was "not maintained and provided with toilet paper, waste receptacle and self-closing door."
The club is one of several premium venues at the arena. It's positioned right outside the Brooklyn Nets locker room and is described on the arena's website as "a new standard of luxury."
The Courtside Club is among nearly 40 restaurants and concessionaires at the Barclays Center that have already been subjected to a round of inspections by the Department of Health, which issues the city's restaurant grades.
None of the restaurants or vendors at Barclays Center have received final grades yet from the Department of Health, but some were issued violations during initial inspections, carried out in some cases before the arena opened on Sept. 28.
A few concessionaires got slapped with "critical" violations that could result in poor letter grades if not corrected. The Honda Club, another premium lounge area, received 12 violation points because inspectors found flies, and because the facility wasn't "vermin-proof" during an Oct. 2 inspection.
The club was also missing a "wash hands" sign at its "handwashing facility."
A "wash hands" sign was also absent at the 40/40 Club, the arena's branch of Jay-Z's Manhattan nightclub, where inspectors issued two violation points during an Oct. 2 inspection — the same week the hip-hop mogul was breaking in the new venue with a series of sold-out concerts.
Inspectors also failed to find "wash hands" signs at the MGM Foxwoods Bar, the L&B Spumoni Gardens and Beer Room, and at the South Suite Stoli Bar.
The Robert Mondavi Winery was issued 13 violation points for having flies, for not being "vermin-proof," and for having an improperly constructed "non-food contact surface" during a Sept. 10 inspection, before the arena opened.
Barclays Center spokesman Barry Baum said the inspections were "pre-permitting inspections to determine if the construction, including installation of signage and sealed holes to prevent vermin, was complete."
He noted that all 50 of the arena food vendors subject to Department of Health review passed inspection and will be issued permits. "We are not yet two weeks old and are working to ensure we meet the highest standards," Baum said in an email.
New York restaurant owners have criticized the city's health grading system as inconsistent and arbitrary, but the city has credited it with making restaurants safer and cutting down on salmonella outbreaks at eateries.
TIJUANA, Mexico — Under a gleaming midday sun, in the fetid drainage canal that is the Rio Tijuana, Valentin Gomez plunged a hypodermic needle of crystal meth just under a friend's collarbone.
The man's eyes rolled back in ecstasy, or relief. Which one was hard to tell, as the drug did its work and he was in no condition to chat.
This is how Mr. Gomez passes his days along with many of the hundreds of others living in hovels, lean-tos and simply on the pavement in the canal — a catch basin for the drug addicted and the deported, sometimes both, just shy of the United States-Mexico border.
It is known as “El Bordo,” a Spanglish version of “border.” For many living here, it may as well be limbo.
Greta Garbo was on to something when she said, “I want to be let alone.” It doesn't mean lonely, but rather solitude, something we can still find in the increasingly dense GTA. The ravines are the go-to spot to be alone in nature, but even there it's difficult to be truly alone; on midnight snowshoe hikes up the Don Valley, I've seen footprints in fresh snow, both human and animal.
It is a city where people are accustomed to going out in twos or groups, it's hard to be truly alone, says Shawn Micallef. There are, however, still places in the city to go to collect your thoughts by yourself. ( Shawn Micallef / Special to the Star )
The Scarborough Bluffs are another place to be alone. I've ridden the lakeside path between Bellamy Ravine and Galloway Rd. and not encountered a human being for a few kilometres, remarkable in a region of nearly five million people. There's a different kind of being alone that's particular to big cities though: being alone and anonymous in a crowd, with your own thoughts and observations, without interacting with other people much, if at all. It's a Garbo kind of alone: being left alone, but not necessarily being lonely. City people get a bad reputation for being cold or indifferent to their surroundings, but when so much of our time is spent in public, and there's so much going on, it's self-preservation to block some of the action out. Taking it all in risks sensory overload, an exhilarating condition often best experienced as a tourist rather than everyday. In the city, sometimes being alone means sitting in a café reading or eating out. It can take a bit of fortitude to not worry people will think your date stood you up, accustomed as we are to being out in groups of two or more.
Article Continued Below
The best thing about being alone in the city is we're never really alone. Civilization is always right there. In his 1954 poem “Meditations in an Emergency”Frank O'Hara wrote of the tension between wanting to escape yet not wanting to leave the city: “I can't even enjoy a blade of grass unless I know there's a subway handy, or a record store or some other sign that people do not totally regret life.” In a city we can be alone until we choose not to be alone. So many of us live in wee little apartments and condos, like people do in cities everywhere. We don't have backyards, but balconies are good places to be alone. When you look up at all the balconies in the city they usually appear empty. “People don't use their balconies,” is often heard, as if rates of backyard usage are monitored. Sometimes all an apartment dweller needs are a few minutes alone on their balcony, their own bit of personal outdoor space where they can survey the city and all its life. A balcony is where we can feel a brief command over all the chaos of city life. MORE ON THESTAR.COM The Skywalk is Toronto's highway of unrequited victory Being alone in public sometimes means wearing earphones. Ignore the sanctimonious person who might tell you to take out your earphones and experience the world. That person is a jerk. Experience as much of the city as you want and to whatever soundtrack you'd like.
The problem is not everybody gets to be alone. Certainly being alone in a ravine at night isn't appealing for many people. Others are forever having their alone time intruded upon. Female friends and acquaintances tell story after story of being alone in public and a guy (always a guy) telling them to “smile.” Or, of being alone in a café and having a guy sit at the table with them and start an uninvited one-way conversation. Some complain of being catcalled while walking down the sidewalk. These women say their earphones aren't just for podcasts and music but are armour, a thin shield to keep unwanted intrusions and harassment at bay.
Article Continued Below
Garbo was right; leave people alone. Everybody has the right to be let alone in the city. Shawn Micallef writes every Friday about where and how we live in the GTA. Wander the streets with him on Twitter @shawnmicallef
Read more about:
They're irreverent, irrepressible, and downright irresistible. They're the Muppets! — starring in their first full-length movie.
See how their meteoric rise to fame and fortune began: with a rainbow, a song . . . and a frog. After a fateful meeting with a big-time talent agent, Kermit the Frog heads for Hollywood dreaming of showbiz. Along the way, Fozzie Bear, the Great Gonzo, and the dazzling Miss Piggy join him in hopes of becoming film stars too. But all bets are off when Kermit falls into the clutches of Doc Hopper (Charles Durning), a fast-food mogul seeking to promote his French-fried frog-leg franchise! Featuring Oscar-nominated music and side-splitting appearances by some of the biggest names on the silver screen — including Steve Martin, Mel Brooks, Orson Welles, and more!
Recommended for ages 5+.
Presented by:
In partnership with:
Media: US transfers nuclear weapons from Turkey to Romania
The US has started transferring more than 20 nuclear weapons from Turkey to Romania, due to the worsening relations between Washington and Ankara, sources told EurActiv.com.
According to one of the two anonymous sources, “the US-Turkey relations had deteriorated so much following the coup that Washington no longer trusted Ankara to host the weapons.”
Thus, the US decided to move the weapons to the Deveselu military base in southern Romania. Deveselu hosts the antimissile defense system Aegis Ashore, which became operational in mid-May this year.
However, the Romanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) firmly denied the information that Romania hosts American nukes.
“In response to your request, Romanian MFA firmly dismisses the information you referred to,” a ministry spokesperson wrote, reports EurActiv.com.
The journalists also asked the US State Department and the Turkish foreign ministry to comment. While the US State Department said the issue should be referred to the Department of Defense, NATO sent a comment that implies that allies must make sure that US nuclear weapons deployed in Europe remain “safe”.
Irina Popescu, irina.popescu@romania-insider.com
U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy released blockbuster fundraising numbers Friday, with $675,000 raised in the first quarter of 2014, giving the Democrat almost $2.2 million cash on hand.
The strong 1Q showing follows an equally robust 2013, where Murphy raised over $500,000 in all four fundraising periods, putting him as one of the top fundraisers in the nation.
“I am extremely thankful for the outpouring of support for my work serving the residents of Florida's 18th Congressional District, who I am so proud to represent,” Murphy said in a statement. “Together, we will continue to work to change the tone in Washington to move our district, our state, and our nation forward.”
In addition to fundraising, Murphy also collected enough signed petitions to qualify for the November ballot. Nearly 7,000 voters in Florida's 18th Congressional District, much more than the 4,764 required by Florida law. This saves Murphy $10,440 in qualifying fees required for partisan candidates without petition signatures.
“The magnitude of support for Congressman Murphy's independent leadership in Congress is almost unheard of among members of the House of Representatives,” said Murphy for Congress Finance Director Mandi Karp. “It is clear that Murphy's focus on local issues and bringing common-sense problem-solving to Congress is the backbone of his support.”
“This week's financial and grassroots support once again shows that the people of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches value the Congressman's common-sense, independent approach over partisanship,” added Karp.
Although Murphy has not drawn a Democratic primary challenger, eight Republicans are currently vying to face him in the upcoming midterms, including former state Rep. Carl Domino, former Tequesta Councilmember Calvin Turnquest, former Connecticut legislator Alan Schlesinger and Juno Beach Councilmember Ellen Andel.
Related
Comments
comments
On Wednesday, the College Football Playoff laid out the criteria for its selection committee. For the most part, these criteria were expected:
CFB Playoff selection criteria includes: record, SOS, conference champIonships won, head to head and record vs. common opponents. — Joe Schad (@schadjoe) April 30, 2014
This all makes sense; essentially, it's a matter of resume. The teams with the most quality wins and best records will ultimately get invites. While the resume system certainly has its critics, that's been the bread-and-butter of the NCAA Tournament committee because it rewards teams who have taken care of business and scheduled appropriately.
But as it turns out, the NCAA might have resume-like criteria but not actually follow that type of system.
Jeff Long says it's not the most DESERVING teams, but the focus is the BEST four teams that shall get into the bracket — Joe Schad (@schadjoe) April 30, 2014
It may seem like a technicality, but those words — "best" and "deserving" — are very different. For example, in a resume-like system that forces the committee to follow the criteria of record, strength-of-schedule, conference championships, etc., it would be very hard for, say, 10-2 Alabama to jump an 11-1 Washington team that has a better strength-of-schedule. But by allowing the committee to choose the team it thinks is the best, members have the freedom to say, "Well Washington has had a better season, but come on, we all know Alabama is a better team."
Basically, it lets the committee do this if they so desire:
Fixed that typo for you. MT @MattZemek: "Best," in CFB speak, is also a coded way of saying, "#SEC" Note: Matt did not really tweet that. — JB Long (@JB_Long) April 30, 2014
Idealistically, it's obviously favorable to have the best teams in the Playoff, and any selection procedure is going to be subjective to some degree. But the danger comes when the committee makes a decision based off a preconceived notion; when it just knows a team is better, rather than using evidence provided in the regular season.
Will the committee act that way? Who knows. But the wording of the criteria gives them license to.
There are a number of recent examples in which the most deserving teams could have been left out of the Playoff in favor of teams that the committee thought were better.
2013
Florida State, Auburn and Alabama all had the resumes to warrant inclusion in the Playoff, but it's very possible that two-loss Stanford could have been voted in over one-loss Michigan State, Ohio State or Baylor. People made excuses for Stanford all year, despite the fact that the Cardinal had an inconsistent offense that cost them in losses to Utah and USC.
Even though Michigan State had fewer losses, an incredible defense and none of the bad performances that Stanford had, the Cardinal were favored in the Rose Bowl because common belief was that they were better. They lost that game to Michigan State.
Of course, one bowl game doesn't validate a decision, but it proves that it's very hard to say with any certainty that Stanford was a better team than Michigan State last year. But what we can say with at least a little more certainty is that Michigan State's resume showed the Spartans deserved a Playoff berth more.
2011
The Playoff in 2011 would have been pretty cut and dry, but the decision to place Alabama in the BCS Championship Game over Oklahoma State showcased the bias of a "better" over "deserving" system. By the relevant selection committee criteria — strength-of-schedule and conference championship — Oklahoma State was the more deserving team. However, Alabama was selected.
Which team was the best that year? We'll never really know, and the voters certainly didn't know. However, the "Alabama must be better" mentality won over, meaning the one decision that could have at least used some objectivity was scrapped for the completely subjective, bias-influenced method. That same kind of thing could happen again if the committee chooses the team it assumes to be the best over the team that has proven it on the field.
2006
The 2006 season is already shrouded in controversy because Florida jumped Michigan to land in the BCS Championship Game. However, the race for the fourth spot would have been even messier. 10-2 LSU? 11-1 Wisconsin? 11-1 Louisville? 11-2 Oklahoma? 10-2 USC? 12-0 Boise State?
LSU was ranked fourth despite having a much worse strength-of-schedule than USC, and a similar strength-of-schedule to Wisconsin (along with a worse record than the Badgers).
★★★
The College Football Playoff wants to give the committee an out for when it makes an unpopular decision, to say, "we didn't have to go solely by the numbers, because we're allowed to use our judgement on who is best."
The thing is, human judgement is very flawed. We may like to think we know which teams are the best, but the truth is, we can create a much fairer Playoff by choosing teams based on what we know, and that usually involves choosing the team with the better resume. That is, the one that deserves it more.
Here's what cord-cutting utopia looks like: As soon as you turn on the TV, an onscreen guide offers a menu of live cable, local broadcast networks, and your favorite shows from Netflix, Amazon Video, and the like. And you can surf from one to the other at whim, like a tourist crossing borders without dealing with customs.
This fantastic world does not exist, of course, and it may remain a dream. Untangling the rights and distribution of all that content is more than arduous, it's simply not economically viable for anyone involved.
Still, two clever devices unveiled at CES this week bring that vision of cord-cutting heaven a bit closer to reality by putting everything you could ever want to watch in one place, in one cohesive interface.
Think Local
Historically, the biggest impediment to ditching cable has been live sports. That makes sense, because aside from awards show and the occasional must-see series, there isn't a lot that won't keep a day or three. But there's no point in watching the Orioles play after they've played. It's history, and another game is on tomorrow.
That hurdle's gotten easier to clear as the professional leagues sell streaming packages (albeit with restrictive blackout rules) and ESPN appears on services like Sling and PlayStation Vue.
That leaves local broadcast TV. Access to NBC, ABC, and all the rest remains the biggest impediment to cutting the cord for good. Parks Associates recently found that 55 percent of cable subscribers said they'd have a hard time giving up local broadcast television. Giving up sports was a distant second. The irony here is that these stations are supposed to be available for free.
Yes, some streaming services offer some local stations to some markets. But national availability is impractical if not impossible, because your local NBC affiliate likely isn't owned by NBC. It's owned by one of several regional networks, and all the rights are still being sorted out.
That means ditching cable but keeping your local news and weather—and popular programming like Today—has required using an antenna. Ugh. That's a hassle for all but the most tech-savvy. "It's not that easy for the average consumer,” says Dan Rayburn, the streaming expert at Frost & Sullivan.
Even if you do get it to work, do you really want to switch inputs just to change from Sling to ABC so you can watch The Bachelorette.
Actually, you don't have to do that anymore.
Amy Lombard for WIRED
Even Footing
Switching from one device to another seems like a small burden, but it "is a very big deal for a lot of households,” says Mark Buff, founder and CEO of Mohu. His company is a leading manufacturer of antennas, and this week it introduced the AirWave, a $150 wireless antenna that brings broadcast TV to Apple TV, Roku, or any other streaming device.
AirWave pulls in a broadcast signal like any antenna, but from anywhere in your home. No need for an ungainly cord. More importantly, it pushes live content to an app that lives alongside Netflix, Amazon Video, Sling, and others. Live TV becomes just another app.
Joining AirWave at CES this week is AirTV, a streaming box that requires a separate external antenna for broadcast TV, but serves as a central hub for SlingTV (which, like AirTV, is owned by satellite TV provider Dish), local channels, and any Android TV apps you care to toss in. Once again, your city's broadcast affiliate finds parity with popular streaming options.
The two devices are technologically very different. AirWave may be more revolutionary, given that it literally cuts a cord and plunks live broadcast TV into a streaming box you already own. But AirTV has broader significance. Think of it as a blueprint for what the future of cordcutting could look like.
“What we really want to do is spark the whole ecosystem of devices to embrace us,” says Roger Lynch, CEO of Sling TV. “We're not trying to rule the world with this device. We're just trying to spark interesting things that ultimately will be beneficial for consumers and beneficial for Sling.”
Baby Steps
Realistically, these devices won't be the cow that tips the lantern that starts the fire that burns down the cable TV industry. “They're niche offerings,” says Rayburn.
They're also not perfect. When AirWave launches this spring, it will transmit exactly one channel at a time, regardless of how many TVs you have. AirWave also converts the high data-rate broadcast signal into a lower-rate format so it lives happily on Apple TV and doesn't kill your Wi-Fi network. Theoretically, that could degrade the picture, although Buff says you won't see a difference.
As for AirTV, you still need a wired antenna, and it exists mostly to push people toward Sling TV.
Still, eliminating one of the most annoying things about cutting the cord represents a sea change. It's easier than ever to ditch cable, regardless of how many people actually do. As Glenn Hower, an analyst at Parks Associates, says, that's a good thing.
Plenty of barriers still remain. But one of the biggest has fallen.
In an era of political polarization, Michael Bloomberg has the rare ability to come up with policies that enrage everyone. His latest pet project—banning large sodas, as a way of fighting obesity in New York—has been ridiculed by both Jon Stewart and John Boehner. And a recent Board of Health hearing on the plan saw Democratic and Republican politicians alike lining up to attack the idea, which would prohibit restaurants, delis, sports arenas, movie theatres, and food carts from selling any soft drinks larger than sixteen ounces. Critics dismiss the ban as yet another expression of Bloomberg's nanny-state mentality and as a “feel-good placebo” that's doomed to fail. They're right that the ban is blatantly paternalist. But that doesn't mean it won't work.
It's true that the ban will be easy to circumvent: if you want to drink thirty-two ounces, you can just buy two sixteen-ounce servings. But Bloomberg's proposal makes clever use of what economists call “default bias.” If you offer a choice in which one option is seen as a default, most people go for that default option. People who are automatically enrolled in a retirement plan, for instance, are more likely to stay with their original plan than those who choose plans for themselves. In countries where people have to choose to be an organ donor, most people aren't donors; in countries where people have to actively say they don't want to be an organ donor, most are donors. The soda ban makes sixteen ounces or fewer the default option for soda drinkers; if they want more, they'll have to make an extra effort.
An executive at the American Beverage Association has dismissed the plan, saying that “150 years of research finds that people consume what they want.” Actually, the research shows that what people “want” has a lot to do with how choices are framed. In one well-known study, researchers put a bowl of M&M's on the concierge desk of an apartment building, with a scoop attached and a sign below that said “Eat Your Fill.” On alternating days, the experimenters changed the size of the scoop—from a tablespoon to a quarter-cup scoop, which was four times as big. If people really ate just “what they want,” the amount they ate should have remained roughly the same. But scoop size turned out to matter a lot: people consumed much more when the scoop was big. This suggests that most of us don't have a fixed idea of how much we want; instead, we look to outside cues—like the size of a package or cup—to instruct us. And since the nineteen-seventies the portion sizes offered by food companies and restaurants have grown significantly larger. In 1974, the biggest drink McDonald's offered was twenty-one ounces. Today, that's roughly the size of a “small” drink at Burger King. In effect, the scoops have got bigger, and consumption has risen accordingly.
Of course, if you don't want the large soda, you needn't order it. Yet the mere existence of the supersize can change your idea of how much you want to drink. In a classic experiment by Itamar Simonson and Amos Tversky, people asked to choose between a cheap camera and a pricier one with more features were divided more or less equally between the two options. But when a third option—a fancy, very expensive camera—was added to the mix most people went for the mid-range camera. The very expensive camera made the middle one seem less extravagant. In the same way, the fact that a large soda is now forty ounces makes a twenty-ounce soda feel sensible. Bloomberg's ban is designed to flip this effect on its head: if the largest soda you can order is sixteen ounces, a can of Coke may start to seem like more than enough. Some food researchers doubt that this will work, since so many of us are used to the idea of large servings. But even our experience of feeling satiated is highly malleable. In one experiment, people ate meals of dramatically different sizes in the dark, and those who were given much less food did not feel hungrier than the others or rate their meals as much smaller. So once people have a few sixteen-ounce drinks they may find that sixteen ounces is plenty.
Many economists would say that, if we want to discourage soda consumption, taxing it—the way we do alcohol and tobacco—would be more efficient than a ban. Some European countries do have such taxes, but the idea has been a political non-starter in New York. In any case, perhaps the most cunning aspect of Bloomberg's proposed ban is that it would function as a kind of stealth tax on consumption, while leaving average-sized sodas untouched. Currently, on a per-ounce basis, large drinks are much cheaper than smaller ones—which encourages people to supersize. The soda ban should shift this. Two sixteen-ounce servings are bound to be more expensive than one thirty-two-ounce serving, which creates another disincentive to drink more.
If all this sounds as if New York's soda consumers were about to become the subjects of an elaborate social-science experiment designed to reshape their behavior and desires, well, that's kind of true. But then we've been the subject of just such an experiment, run by beverage and fast-food companies, for the past forty years. If Bloomberg has his way, we may start feeling like we're white rats in a maze, but at least there's a good chance we'll be thinner rats. ♦
This spooky and fun “How To Make Mason Jar Candles Project This Halloween” is a way better than any old craft. This is an easy and simple decoration that is so spooky for Halloween and fun idea for kiddo.
You all know that it is the time of creativity and the new ideas are creating every day. It is so fun to make something yourself instead to buying from the market. That's why I have chosen a quick idea for my Halloween Decoration today. I adopted this idea from Our Best Bites. I hope this will be a wonderful and great decoration for me. It's very magnificent and easy to make. It is a less hard work craft as well as fewer prices.
How To Make Mason Jar Candles
What You'll Need:
Mason Jars, any size
Tissue paper
Glue
Tape or Ribbon for the tops
Candles
Advertisement
First, cut the small pieces of tissue paper to the size of your mason jar. Then apply the glue on the Mason jar with your hands or with anything you like and paste the tissue paper on the Mason jar.
Then apply the tape or ribbon at top of the jar and keep it completely dry. Keep working until you finish however many Mason jars you're going to do.
As soon as Mason jars gets dry, start working on faces and with black tape makes silly monsters faces that are very creepy and spooky to look at night. Then put these faces with glue on the mason jars. Finally, keep the candles in Mason jars and do not forget to burn them.
When the candles will be shine on these odd faces, they will become an excellent Halloween decorating.
Advertisement
It's only a ten minutes craft. I choose this Mason jar candles project because it is great Halloween décor. It is the best craft for kids to do and today my nephews took a lot of interest in making it and they liked it too especially the small jar. Hopefully you'll love it and want to give it a try on this Halloween.
How To Make Mason Jar Candles Project – You Should Try This Halloween
Don't forget to Pin and let us know your opinion in comment box and definitely share these Halloween Mason jars Lanterns with your friends. Follow My Quirky Creation on Pinterest for even more efficient crafts.
Former New York mayor, powerful plutocrat, and bonafide Reason #1 "enemy of freedom" Michael Bloomberg claims to be contemplating an independent third party run for president should two candidates he disapproves of, fellow NY moneybags Donald Trump and fellow freedom-hater Bernie Sanders, take the major party reins.
Via information contained in a paper-only issue of Richard Winger's Ballot Access News newsletter, here's a summation of some of the barricades Bloomberg will face.
They are the sorts of barricades that having a lot of money can very much help you jump, allowing you to pay signature gatherers top dollar. He is very wise in not attempting to build a full party apparatus, as the legal qualifications tend to be higher for parties than for lone indies.
Some highlights on ballot access rules Bloomberg would face as a non-party-affiliated independent candidate:
• Only one state, Texas, currently has a deadline any earlier than June (and Winger thinks it is so early it could fall to court challenge).
• 37 states' deadlines not til August or September.
• The most signatures needed for any state is California's 178,039; the least Tennessee's 275.
• Only 4 states require over 50K signatures: California as above, plus Florida (119,316), North Carolina (89,366), Texas (79,539).
• 29 states require 5,000 or fewer signatures, or a similarly small amount of cash payment.
So, Bloomberg has plenty of time and opportunity to make it happen if he chooses, to give America a third completely terrible choice. (The breakdowns of how and from where the signatures need to be gathered are set on a state level and are highly variable, but he has the money to hire the consultants to help him navigate the rules.)
A review essay from 2002 on the "two party system" as a hegemony of both legal power and political science conceptualizing
Getty Images
The Browns continued their private workouts with quarterbacks on Wednesday with a look at Blake Bortles of Central Florida, who joined Derek Carr of Fresno State as quarterbacks put under the microscope by Cleveland this week.
Chris Mortensen of ESPN reports that they'll have plenty of company in the coming days. Mortensen reports that Louisville's Teddy Bridgewater, Eastern Illinois' Jimmy Garoppolo, Pittsburgh's Tom Savage and Ball State's Keith Wenning are all on the docket for workouts of their own with the owners of the fourth overall pick in the draft.
There's a prominent name missing from that list, but the Browns aren't forgetting about the man they call Johnny Football. Mortensen also adds that Texas A&M's Johnny Manziel is expected to work out for the team in 2-3 weeks.
Bridgewater and Manziel may be the only members of that group in consideration for that pick, but the Browns also pick 26th and have eight other picks in the remaining rounds to use on a quarterback. As owner Jimmy Haslam promised, they're casting a wide net to find that quarterback in a draft with enough of them that coach Mike Pettine suggested they might take two.
ISLAMABAD: It is a general perception in Pakistan that uneducated people do not allow women to work and girls should be provided education to make them an effective part of society.
But on Tuesday, the participants of a news conference were informed that about 50 per cent of women, who graduated from medical colleges, never worked.
Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC) president Prof Dr Masood Hameed told the news conference that female medical students occupied the general merit seats in public sector medical colleges and got subsidy but after completing their education they never started their professional career.
Govt spends Rs2.4m on each medical student who takes admission to a medical college on general merit seat
Dr Hameed said at the moment there were 78037 male and 65324 female doctors, 5420 male dental practitioners and 8300 female dental practitioners in Pakistan. Out of the total medical and dental practitioners, almost 50 per cent are women, he added.
“Only 50 per cent of the female doctors are working. On the other hand, a number of doctors (mostly males) have gone out of the country. There are around 50,000 to 60,000 medical practitioners against the demand of 600,000 in the country,” he said.
“We need more medical and dental colleges. Pakistan is producing around 14,000 doctors per year out of whom 70 per cent are women. It is feared that almost 50 per cent of the medical students would never work,” he said.
Dr Hameed said in Pakistan only $9.3 were spent on the healthcare of each citizen per year against the international standard of $60.
“With such scant resources and number of medical practitioners, Pakistan cannot meet its needs for healthcare.
Moreover, migration of doctors and the rapidly increasing population is adding to the problem.”
He said so far the College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan (CPSP) produced only 32879 specialists out of whom 40 per cent left the country. So there are only 20000 specialists against the requirement of 100,000.
In reply to a question, Dr Hameed said the gap of specialists in the country could not be fulfilled.
“The PMDC is being restricted in its functioning by certain elements. They have refused to accept the PMDC as a regulator.”
He added that teachers currently being produced were not up to the standard that was why the quality of medical education was deteriorating.
Dr Hameed, while talking to Dawn, added that students who got admission to medical colleges on general merit seats paid around Rs15,000 to Rs20,000 fee a year, so they completed their MBBS by spending around Rs100,000.
“On the other hand, the government spends almost Rs2.5 million on each MBBS student. Unfortunately, after completion of the course, most of the female medical graduates never worked. Those who want to work try to leave the country and settle abroad, especially in the US, Saudi Arabia,” he said.
“The US prefers to get doctors from other countries because on the production of each doctor it has to spend $250,000. So the US hires the services of doctors from other countries and spends that amount in the health sector.”
The PMDC chief said he was formulating a proposal under which every student who got admission to a medical college on general seat would be bound to work in the government or private sector in the country for at least three years after graduation. Those who want to go abroad would have to pay the amount of subsidy - Rs 2.4 million - paid by the government for their medical education.
“Moreover, there is a suggestion that doctors who have studied on general merit seats and were earning well should pay back the amount of subsidy to the government. A pool should be made and doctors should be asked to deposit the amount of subsidy in it. That amount can be spent in the health sector,” he said.
Published in Dawn, October 22nd, 2014
Washington (CNN) Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and a senior adviser to the President, has yet to detail to the federal government all of his foreign contacts, a condition of receiving his top secret security clearance, CNN has learned.
Kushner, whom the President has given an expanded portfolio that includes high-level foreign policy matters, is required to complete a lengthy form with specifics about all of his foreign contacts and connections over the last seven years. Kushner's initial form was submitted in error, according to his attorney.
When Kushner first submitted his forms to the FBI, he left the section about foreign contacts blank -- despite the fact that he had met with a large number of foreign emissaries and leaders once Donald Trump became the president-elect and he became the point man for international contacts for the incoming Trump administration.
His attorney, Jamie Gorelick, said the "premature draft" was "mistakenly submitted" on January 18 without the proper review.
She explained that the next day -- the day before the inauguration -- Kushner submitted supplemental information to the FBI. That included a statement saying that, "during the campaign and transition period, I served as a point-of-contact for foreign officials trying to reach the President-Elect. I had numerous contacts with foreign officials in this capacity. ... I would be happy to provide additional information about these contacts."
Read More
For the first time in world history, less than 10 percent of the global population will be living in extreme poverty.
According to World Bank projections, at the end of 2015 only about 702 million people, or 9.6 per cent of the global population, will still be living in extreme poverty. Over the past three years, an additional 200 million people have climbed above the international poverty line.
What makes this feat even more remarkable is that it's based on a new definition of extreme poverty. The World Bank, which sets the benchmark for the global extreme poverty line, is shifting the line from $1.25 a day to $1.90 a day. Valerie Kozel, a professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, explains the reason for the shift:
“It's an effort to keep a global poverty line contemporary,” Kozel says. “To make sure it reflects conditions today.” She says when the bank first set the standard 30 years ago, living above the poverty line simply meant having enough food to eat. Today, durable goods like cell phones and motorbikes are almost as important as food in many developing nations.
In 1990, when the UN's Millennium Development Goals included a target of halving poverty by 2015, the first truly portable cell phones were just coming onto the market (the Micro Tac Personal Telephone cost $2,995 in 1989—the equivalent in 2015 of $5,756). At the time almost no one would have dreamed that such a luxury item would be considered “almost as important as food” for those in extreme poverty.
In 1990, if you gave a poor person in China or Africa a Micro Tac, they could sell it and live off the profits for 8 years (at the rate of $1 a day). Today, though, cell phone are cheaper and yet much more valuable to those in developing countries. They are part of the reason the number of people who live in abject poverty has been reduced from one out of three in 1990 to less than one out of ten in 2015.
Consider, for instance, the role of mobile banking. Almost 2 billion people have access to a cell phone but not a bank. Mobile banking allows the global poor to have access to financial services and transactions that most of us take for granted. For example, employers can transfer money to employees, allowing them to safely store and save their income. It also allows people to apply for microloans or send money seamlessly to friends and family in need.
As USAID says, mobile phones “fundamentally transform the way people in the developing world interact with one another and their governments, and access basic health, education, business and financial services.”
Two low-ranking policemen were killed while a police officer and four conscripts were injured after the explosion of an improvised explosive device (IED) west of Al-Arish city in North Sinai early on Monday, Ahram Arabic news website announced.
The IED exploded and hit an armored vehicle that was carrying the security personnel in west Al-Arish.
The explosion killed 35-year-old El-Siyad Azab and 33-year-old Mohamed Hamdy, who were both low ranking policemen.
The injured police personnel were transferred to hospital.
The attack comes 24 hours after an attack targeted an ambulance transferring injured conscripts to hospital after an earlier attack on Sunday.
Egypt's army has been fighting an Islamist insurgency in parts of North Sinai, which has resulted in the deaths of hundreds of militants, members of security forces and local residents.
Short link:
SAN FRANCISCO –The wife and adult children of Robin Williams agreed Monday to meet outside court to try to resolve their dispute over a tuxedo he was married in, photographs taken on his 60th birthday and other items belonging to the late actor.
San Francisco Superior Court Judge Andrew Cheng told lawyers for both sides during a hearing to meet before April 10 and enlist the help of a mediator if necessary before returning to court.
In papers filed in December, Susan Williams said the contents of the home she shared with Robin Williams should be excluded from the things the actor left his children from previous marriages.
She also claimed some of her husband's personal items were taken without her permission.
Williams' children countered that Susan Williams was “adding insult to a terrible injury” by trying to change the trust agreement and rob them of items that their father clearly intended them to have.
They said the belongings include clothing, watches, photos taken prior to his marriage to Susan Williams, and entertainment awards.
Attorney Jim Wagstaffe told the judge that Susan Williams has agreed with how hundreds of items should be distributed and was trying to amicably resolve problems involving others. She also said she wants their wedding presents.
“I think we can work our way through this,” Wagstaffe said.
Attorney Meredith Bushnell, who is representing Robin Williams' children Zachary, Zelda and Cody, said the public dispute has been excruciating for her clients.
“We would like to see this wrapped up as soon as possible, so they can move on with their lives and continue the grieving process,” the attorney told Judge Cheng.
Robin Williams died in August at his home in Tiburon in the San Francisco Bay Area. The coroner ruled his death a suicide. The actor's wife has said he struggled with depression, anxiety and a diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Susan Williams is also seeking clarity on assets and money that will go into a reserve account that she says Robin Williams intended to help pay for maintenance of their home, Wagstaffe said.
The lawyer added that a judge might have to decide what constitutes memorabilia in the dispute.
Andrew Bassak, an attorney for trustees overseeing the estate, argued that the court does not have jurisdiction over the dispute.
Robin Williams was an intensely private individual who gave the trustees absolute discretion over how his personal property was to be distributed, Bassak said.
Protesters have been holding rallies since January calling for Saleh, Yemen's long-time president, to quit office [AFP]
A coalition of protest groups in Yemen has announced the formation of a transitional presidential council it says will prepare to run the country when President Ali Abdullah Saleh is fully and finally toppled.
The council "is charged with leading the country during a transition period not to exceed nine months and with forming a government of technocrats," Tawakul Karman, one of the leaders of the protest movement against Saleh, said on Saturday.
Saleh, who has been in power since 1978, was wounded in a bomb attack on his palace in Sanaa on June 3, and was admitted to hospital in Saudi Arabia the following day.
Protesters have since January been calling for him to quit office.
The council will also announce a 501-member "national assembly" that will draft a new constitution, and seeks to "protect the unity of the country before it completely collapses", Karman said.
The council consists of 17 Yemeni figures of different political affiliation from both inside Yemen and abroad.
They include Ali Nasser Mohammed, the ex-president of formerly independent South Yemen; a former prime minister, Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas; and Abdullah al-Hakimi, an exiled long-time opponent of Saleh.
The new body highlights the gap between Yemen's protesters and Yemen's official opposition parties, who protesters say were late in joining the anti-government rallies inspired by those in Tunisia and Egypt.
Many protesters have criticised the parties for seeking to negotiate Saleh's exit instead of trying to bring down his entire government.
Abdu al-Janadi, a spokesman for Saleh's government who is also Yemen's deputy information minister, said the move "pours gas on the fire".
He said that Saleh is "the legal, democratically elected president, and an alternative will only come though elections, not through an illegal coup".
Opposition party officials declined to comment.
Al-Janadi also said that Saleh, who is currently receiving treatment for blast wounds, will return home "soon" from Saudi Arabia.
"The president is in good health. He will return to Yemen soon, but is awaiting the decision of his doctors," he said without specifying a date.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) said the federal employees leaking sensitive information to the press are committing treason.
Gingrich echoed remarks made by DHS Secretary John Kelly last week.
.@newtgingrich: "The amount of leaking coming out of the intelligence community is staggering. It's all illegal, people should go to jail." pic.twitter.com/ZUct7xOelJ — Fox News (@FoxNews) May 31, 2017
"People should go to jail," Gingrich said, adding that such leakers are "frenzied" to stop the Trump administration.
'You Aren't Representing Me': Trump Supporter Confronts Maxine Waters
Cavuto: Trump Told 'Grumbling European Phonies' to Stop Being 'Deadbeats'
'You're Jumping to Conclusions': Lawyer for Anti-Trump Attack Suspect Speaks Out
Discussing allegations that the Trump administration established "back-channel" relations with the Russians, Gingrich said such an action is normal.
He said that President Ike Eisenhower used "back-channel" communications with India in order to bring an end to the Korean War.
He added that President John Kennedy used a Russian "back-channel" during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
"[That] may have saved us from nuclear war," he said.
Watch the clip above.
Tucker: The Left's 'Diversity Agenda' Is 'Totalitarian, and It Is Everywhere'
Krauthammer Slams Kathy Griffin: 'Political Pornography from a D-List Comedienne'
Shoving Match, Threats Explode in Texas Capitol Over Illegal Immigration
“The turning point was really the Arab League statement on Saturday,” Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Wednesday to reporters traveling with her in Cairo. “That was an extraordinary statement in which the Arab League asked for Security Council action against one of its own members.”
Mrs. Clinton said she was hopeful that the Security Council would vote no later than Thursday. The American ambassador to the United Nations, Susan E. Rice, is in intensive negotiations over the language of a resolution, sponsored by Lebanon, another Arab state, and backed by France and Britain.
It is unclear how much the administration is willing to put on the line in Libya, given its deep aversion to being entangled in another war and its clear calculation that Libya does not constitute as vital a security interest to the United States as other countries in the region, notably Egypt or Saudi Arabia. Some administration officials voiced the hope that the mere threat of military action could prompt Colonel Qaddafi to show some restraint.
Still, interviews with several administration officials suggested that events on the ground were forcing its hand. “The regime's military gains have gotten everyone's attention,” said a senior official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
President Obama is under pressure from both foreign leaders and allies in Congress to take decisive action. The French president, Nicolas Sarkozy, sent a letter to the United States and other members of the Security Council, urging them to vote for the Lebanese resolution authorizing a no-flight zone, saying that the world had only days, or even hours, to head off a Qaddafi victory.
On Wednesday, one of Colonel Qaddafi's sons, Seif al-Islam, urged the rebels to leave the country, saying, “Within 48 hours everything will be finished. Our forces are almost in Benghazi.”
Photo
Senator John Kerry, the Massachusetts Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he regretted that the debate in Washington over how to respond to Libya had dragged on so long, allowing Colonel Qaddafi to regain his footing.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I don't like that we've lost this time,” Mr. Kerry said during a speech in Washington. “It's compacted the choices, diminished the options. And it's changed the state of play somewhat.”
Administration officials contend that a no-flight zone alone would not be effective, in part because they say it could not be set up before April.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Among the other measures being proposed by the United States: sending foreign soldiers to Libya to advise the rebels, or financing them with some of the $32 billion belonging to the Qaddafi regime, which have been frozen by the Treasury Department. Rebels could use the money to buy weapons, officials said.
Neither of these steps, however, would come in time to stave off an assault by Colonel Qaddafi's forces on Benghazi.
“What everybody is focused on is drawing a line, literally in the sand, around Benghazi, to prevent Qaddafi's forces from capturing the city and staging a bloodbath,” said Tom Malinowski, the Washington director of Human Rights Watch. “If Qaddafi wins, it could kill the moment in the entire Middle East.”
But more aggressive military options might make it difficult for a resolution to satisfy Russia and China, two veto-wielding members of the Security Council, which have both opposed such measures in the past. Germany, India and other council members have also expressed skepticism about a no-flight zone.
On Wednesday, Russia pressed for a resolution calling for a cease-fire, but was rebuffed, said Vitaly Churkin, the Russian ambassador to the United Nations. He said Security Council members had added elements that were far-reaching and required serious political consideration.
With the United States already fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan, the administration is fearful of straining an already overstretched military and of being seen as engaged in nation building in the region. “The United States is pretty busy with two wars, and we don't want a third,” a senior official said.
But Britain, France, and Lebanon were adamant that time was running out. And Libya's deputy to the United Nations, Ibrahim Dabbashi, who last month broke with the Qaddafi regime, warned that if the international community did not intervene in the next 10 hours, there was a risk of genocide, as bands of mercenaries sent by Mr. Qaddafi attacked the rebel-held city of Ajdabiya.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Privately, some European officials expressed frustration with the Obama administration, with one saying he believed it was supporting strong measures in an attempt to draw a veto.
The draft resolution would consist of a no-flight zone coupled with a beefing up of sanctions against Libya, including adding more names to the list of Libyan officials who face international travel bans.
Diplomats said a final draft resolution would be worked out Wednesday and likely put to a vote on Thursday. To pass the Security Council, it would need to win nine votes and to avoid a veto from any of the five permanent members: the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China.
10% of Facebook's users are not human - including Mark Zuckerberg's dog Beast who has 1.5 MILLION followers
Facebook currently has more than one billion 'monthly active users'
At least 100 million of these users are pets, brands and companies
Biggest growth in membership is in India, Brazil, Russia and Middle East
Much slower growth in Western Europe and North America
Half of the population of the UK and the U.S. are Facebook members
Investors fear that young people are losing interest in the site
Dogs, cats, horses, toasters: You name it, it has a Facebook page.
Facebook now has one billion users - but ten per cent of them are not human, according to new research.
At least 100 million of Facebook's ‘monthly active users' are pets, brands and companies - and even Facebook founder Mark Zuckeberg's dog Beast has a page.
Mark Zuckerberg with his dog Beast (who has his own page on the social network) at Facebook HQ. At least 100 million of Facebook's 'monthly active users' are pets, brands and companies, it has been revealed
According to eMarketer, an internet market research company, only 889.3 million of the one billion users are real people.
Quartz reports that Facebook claims it currently has 1.11 billion users but says that it will not actually reach this number of human users until 2014.
Currently the biggest growth in Facebook use is in India, Brazil, Russia, the Middle East and Africa.
Each of these regions is expected to see a 30 per cent increase in Facebook members this year.
In contrast, the U.S., UK and Western Europe are seeing a much slower growth in Facebook membership.
FACEBOOK INVESTOR FEARS
Facebook's investors are concerned teenagers are starting to lose interest in the site.
They worry people are developing 'Facebook fatigue' so are moving to sites such as Twitter instead.
The Financial Times reports that investors fear young people no longer think Facebook is 'cool' and that they are deserting it as their parents join the site.
The concerns are based on figures which show that 40 per cent of young Facebook users in the U.S. say that they expect to use the site less this year than they have in the past.
It is believed that the biggest challenge facing the social media site is gaining a foothold in the mobile market.
However, currently half of the population of the U.S. and the UK actively use Facebook but many of the users are less active than they were in the past.
In Western Europe as a whole only 37 per cent of people actively use the social networking site because people in France, Italy and Germany are less enthusiastic.
eMarketer also predicts that Facebook use will grow from 42.6 per cent of internet users now to 54.7 per cent in 2017.
While 46.6 per cent of people in North America and more than 30 per cent of people in Latin America and Western Europe will use Facebook at least once a month this year, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific will have much lower penetration rates, which brings down the worldwide percentage of the population using Facebook to 15.4 per cent.
eMarketer estimates that 63 per cent of social network users worldwide will access Facebook at least once a month in 2013.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's dog, Beast, has its own page on the site - with 1.5m followers
In recent years, it has been common for users in countries such as China, Japan, South Korea and Russia to use local social networking sites as opposed to Facebook, which gives the site room for growth.
By 2017, Facebook users will account for 69.5 per cent of social network users worldwide.
Facebook is about to celebrate the end of its first year as a public company but there are concerns among investors that teenagers are losing interest in it.
Facebook now has one billion users but ten per cent of them are not human - only 889.3 million of the one billion users are real people
Some investors are worried that young people are developing ‘Facebook fatigue' which is causing them to move to other social networking sites such as Twitter.
WATCH: Venice Beach went from being a spot for Californians to cool off on a muggy day to a medical triage unit in a flash, as a sudden thunderstorm hit and a lightning strike killed one person and injured several others. Francis Silvaggio reports.
LOS ANGELES – A 20-year-old man died after lightning struck or shook up 14 people at a popular Los Angeles beach and a golf course, a coroner's official said Sunday.
Los Angeles County coroner's Lt. Larry Dietz said the man was taken from Venice Beach and pronounced dead at a hospital.
Nine people went to hospitals, including one who remained in critical condition. Los Angeles fire spokeswoman Katherine Main says they had effects ranging from anxiety to needing resuscitation, although not all may have actually been struck.
The lightning hit as rare summer thunderstorms swept through Southern California.
Steve Christensen said his friend tried to help when lifeguards began searching for a missing swimmer.
“He went out to the water to find him and walked right into him,” Christensen said. “He was faced down on the bottom.”
Christensen said his friend pulled the man from the water, and lifeguards began trying to resuscitate him before taking him away on a truck.
Stuart Acher said he was struck while playing volleyball on the beach.
“All of a sudden there was a big flash of light and a boom, and it felt like someone punched me in the back of my head,” he told KABC-TV. “It went down my whole side of my right body, and my calves sort of locked up, and I fell over. And I looked up and everybody else was, you know, falling over.”
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said the 14th person was struck on a golf course on Southern California's Catalina Island. The 57-year-old man was reported in stable condition.
Posted online November 1, 2017 | 10:01 am
SBJ file photo
Following allegations of patient safety infractions and a federal investigation, Mercy Springfield Communities announced this morning Dr. Alan Scarrow is no longer president but will continue to work as a full-time neurosurgeon.
Jon Swope, Mercy central region president, will continue to hold the role in an interim capacity. Mercy Springfield Communities stretches from Lebanon to Berryville, Arkansas, according to a news release.
Amid reports of patient abuse by some staff members at Mercy Hospital Springfield, the health system implemented an interim leadership team in September led by Swope. Scarrow, president of Mercy Springfield Communities since 2015, was not included on the list.
The release indicated Swope will continue as interim president of Mercy Springfield Communities “for the foreseeable future” in addition to his role as president of Mercy's central region. Spokeswoman Sonya Kullmann provided a statement indicating the health system plans to eventually fill the top job permanently.
“After thoughtful discernment and in consideration of the future of Mercy Springfield Communities, we determined it was time for a leadership change,” the statement reads.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services last month released a 105-page report detailing incidents at Mercy Hospital Springfield that led to a dozen staff members being fired, the interim team being installed and the hospital being at risk of losing its Medicare agreement. In four cases, according to the report, hospital officials allegedly failed to prevent abuse or neglect, remove staff members after allegations and adequately investigate allegations in a timely manner, according to CMS.
The CMS investigation followed two lawsuits totaling $63 million that Mercy Springfield Communities paid earlier this year to settle health care fraud and negligence claims.
Photo by Jasper Juinen/Getty Images
It would have annoyed Jonathan Swift to know that posterity would think of him as an Irish writer, since he considered himself thoroughly English. Born in Ireland to English parents, brought up in Ireland and educated in England, it was his bad luck to be an outsider in both countries: an Irishman in England and an Englishman in Ireland. Forced to settle for a clerical post in Dublin, which he saw as a provincial backwater, Swift had plenty of time to brood on perspective. In 1726, he published the perspective-shifting masterpiece by which he is remembered, Gulliver's Travels.
In brief: Dr. Lemuel Gulliver voyages to the South Seas. He is shipwrecked and washes up on the island of Lilliput, which turns out to be populated by tiny people whose affairs Gulliver regards with amused condescension. Later he again blunders off course and winds up in Brobdingnag, land of the giants, where he is reduced to the status of a performing monkey at the court.
Swift gives the location of Lilliput as somewhere near Van Diemen's Land, which is modern Tasmania. Brobdingnag is in the Pacific, 500 leagues east of Indonesia.
Both countries would today be members of the Oceania Football Confederation.
* * *
Advertisement
Oceania is characterized by immense watery expanses and stupendous gulfs in footballing ability that could not be much wider if Lilliput and Brobdingnag were actual members. It is the home of the double-digit score line, a land where drubbings are commonplace.
In the rest of the world, such massive margins of victory are extremely rare. Inventing the sport gave England a 50-year head start in international football, but they've still only won by scoring 10 or more goals five times in 141 years. Before Thursday's 10–0 win against Tahiti, Spain had done it twice in 93 years.
Tahiti have done it 14 times. Last year they crushed Samoa 10–1 on their way to winning the Oceania Nations Cup, running in four goals in the last 15 minutes. Half the nations of Oceania have at some point writhed under the Tahitian lash. Guam, 14–0. Micronesia, 17–0. American Samoa, 18–0. The Cook Islands, 30–0.
To put Tahiti's 14 double-digit wins in perspective, the regional superpower, Australia, managed only 10 such results before becoming exasperated with the low standard of competition and applying for a transfer to the Asian Football Confederation.
Advertisement
Among the big beasts of the Confederations Cup, Tahiti are kittens—but back home that kitten is a bloodthirsty monster that toys with its prey before exterminating it. Having beaten up on so many smaller teams themselves, Tahiti knew what fate might await them at the Maracana.
* * *
When Gulliver is in Lilliput, he feels a great responsibility not to injure or offend his tiny hosts by throwing his gigantic weight around. Some felt that the Spanish national team were confronted with a similar dilemma.
Spain were the world champions and the greatest international team to play the game. Tahiti had one full-time professional player. Would Spain risk looking ungentlemanly—even ridiculous—if they set about Tahiti with all the strength at their disposal?
Advertisement
The question suggests an unfamiliarity with the peculiar ethics of football. The Spanish internationals mostly play for the two giant clubs that dominate one of the world's most unfair leagues. They know that soccer is a jungle where the strong crush the weak. The “mercy rules” common in American kids' sports are alien to the spirit of the game. Mercy in that context means pity, and pity is contempt in disguise. Teams often ease off on a beaten opponent to conserve their own energies, but there's no law of sportsmanship that says they have a duty to preserve the opponent's honor—that's the opponent's job.
Collectively, Spain's goal was to defend their own prestige, and that meant beating Tahiti by at least as wide a margin as Nigeria had in the last game. Individually, the Spanish attackers knew that here was a chance to pad their international stats. When they count up your goals at the end of your career, nobody will complain that a chunk of them were scored against Tahiti. There was also personal pride at stake—no Spanish forward wants to walk off the field having failed to score against a team of delivery men and PE teachers.
In soccer you don't humiliate an opponent by running up a big score, but by showboating while you are doing it. The classic example in English football is what Leeds United did to Southampton when they beat them 7-0 in 1972. In the closing minutes, Leeds mocked Southampton, taunting them with extravagant flicks and shimmies, the crowd cheering every pass. Johnny Giles, who can be seen here executing a smart rabona, said years later: "It was out of boredom, because the match is over. We were taking the mickey, but we were taking it in a professional way. There's nobody sitting on the ball [for example]." It was cruel, hubristic even, yet four decades on it's probably the most famous match that Leeds side ever played—so it seems that even taking obvious pleasure in an opponent's pain isn't always held against you.
It would, though, have been out of character for Spain to indulge in Leeds-style hubris. They needed a big score, but because they are Spain, it had to be done with a certain decorum. Spain in their imperial phase take that sort of thing quite seriously. There has never been another great football team with such scrupulous manners. In the last minute of the Euro 2012 final, with Spain leading Italy 4-0, Iker Casillas urged the referee to blow the whistle early so that the Italians could be released from their torment. They are much too polite to want to be thought of as bullies.
Photo by Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
Advertisement
That politeness is part of the uncanny self-possession that some people dislike about Spain. There's never any chaos or confusion, there are no inflamed egos or unexpected freak-outs. They have eliminated the outward signs of human frailty. Spain are football's Deep Blue—serenely plotting 15 moves ahead while the opponent rolls his eyes and claws at his temples.
They showed Tahiti all the respect they were due by treating them like any other opponent. There was no showing off, they just played their normal game. They were cool, composed, and efficient as always, and they scored 10 times largely because they couldn't help it. The first few goals were celebrated with the kind of ostentatious modesty players display when scoring against their former club. A 10–0 score line doesn't suggest restraint, but this was a minimalist massacre.
In so far as it was possible in the absence of an actual contest, Spain gave the crowd their money's worth—not many of them will get to see another 10–0. It's not their fault if FIFA require them to play Tahiti. It could be argued that the game was faintly embarrassing for FIFA: What do they mean by organizing a competition where such an absurd mismatch is possible?
In defense of the world governing body, they take seriously their mission to include the whole world in the game, and the world is still big enough to contain gaps in ability as wide as the one between Tahiti and Spain. If everybody gets to play, you're going to get the occasional 10–0.
Advertisement
If there was a value to Thursday's game, maybe it's that it was the closest we can get in the era of corporatized sport to the kind of experiment George Plimpton performed when he boxed Archie Moore and played quarterback for the Detroit Lions: What happens when a bunch of ordinary guys are pitted against the superhumans?
Sometimes, when we see the Spanish supermen narrowly beat a team of German or Dutch near-supermen in a tense tournament game, there is a tendency to complain that they didn't put on a more spectacular show. Yesterday was a reminder that we should show a little more respect. Because Tahiti is not a bunch of ordinary George Plimpton–type guys. American Samoa are that bunch of guys, and Tahiti are Spain to them.
Swift again:
"So nat'ralists observe, a flea
Hath smaller fleas that on him prey;
And these have smaller fleas to bite 'em.
And so proceeds Ad infinitum."
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation has accidentally leaked sensitive information revealing logins, passwords and backups connected with ABC's commercial operations, tech website ITNews has revealed.
Research site Kromtech Security Center discovered a “trove of data” from ABC Commercial, when the researchers ran a regular online search of poorly setup cloud computing sites.
The exposed files contained thousands of emails, logins and passwords for ABC Commercial users to access content, requests for licensed content, secret access key and login details for other repositories and 1800 database backups.
ADVERTISEMENT
It is not the first time the ABC leaked data from unsecured online servers. In 2013 a neglected site connected with the discontinued program ‘Making Australia Happy' exposed 49,500 users' details to the web and in 2010 an archived Augmented Reality project called Bluebird gave away the names, email addresses and passwords of 880 players.
ABC Commercial provides content marketing, along with managing merchandise sales, events and digital services for the broadcaster.
Kromtech said the ABC secured this leak, which occurred due to an Amazon S3 instance not having proper security settings, shortly after they were notified of the problem.
An ABC spokesperson told Mumbrella: “The ABC has confirmed that it was notified of a data exposure on 16 November. ABC technology teams moved to solve this issue as soon as they became aware,”
Bob Diachenko, head of communications at Kromtech said the leak of sensitive information was a warning for ABC to take cybersecurity seriously.
“Security can not be ignored anymore and and it is not just an organization's reputation but the real data of customers, partners, or vital business information that is at stake with each new data breach,” Diachenko said.
Other publishers including Accenture, Dow Jones and Verizon have encountered similar problems with their cloud computing services as organisations struggle with online security.
The first operation in which the head of a person will be transplanted onto another body is "imminent," according to Italian neuro-surgeon Sergio Canavero. At a press conference in China, Canavero detailed a recent operation in which a team of surgeons practiced by attaching the head of cadaver to the body of another cadaver. The goal was to develop a suite of techniques that enable surgeons to connect blood vessels, nerves, the esophagus and so forth between the head and the body.
In fact, some researchers in China have just published a study in which they detail how they successfully grafted the head of one rat onto the body and head of another rat.
Naturally, some folks are opposed to the procedure. For example, Dr. Hunt Batjer, president elect of the American Association for Neurological Surgeons told The Independent, "I would not allow anyone to do it to me as there are a lot of things worse than death."
Some bioethicists are also worried about Canavero conducting this surgery in China. In USA Today, Assya Pascalev, a bioethicist at Howard University in Washington, D.C. observed, "There are also regulatory concerns. China does not have the same medical standards and requirements that the United States and Europe have." In fact, it is precisely because the medical communities in the United States and Europe would not permit the controversial procedure that Canavero has chosen China as the country in which he will attempt the first human head transplant. "The Americans did not understand," Sergio Canavero told a news conference in Vienna. He added, "Western bioethicists needed to stop patronizing the world."
If successful, surgery would raise fascinating questions about how a different body would affect a person's consciousness along with the possible future reproductive issues.
Although most medical experts believe that the head transplant surgery will fail, there is nothing wrong with trying to do it so long as all parties fully consent to the procedure.
CLOSE The Dallas Zoo says a giraffe calf died after an accident in her enclosure. The giraffe, named Kipenzi, was born on April 10. Zookeepers say she hit something in the enclosure, breaking three vertebrae, and died shortly after. VPC
Kipenzi (Photo11: Dallas Zoo)
The Dallas Zoo announced Tuesday evening that its newborn giraffe Kipenzi, whose April birth was watched live all over the world, has died.
The calf, whose name means "loved one" in Swahili, passed away after hitting the giraffe enclosure and breaking its neck, according to the zoo's Facebook page.
"We are devastated to share the tragic loss of our beloved giraffe calf, Kipenzi," the zoo statement read. "This evening as the giraffe herd was shifting inside for the night, Kipenzi began scampering around, as she loved to do. She made a sharp turn, and ran into the perimeter edge of the habitat. She broke three vertebrae in her neck, and passed away immediately. Her mother, Katie, visited Kipenzi before veterinarians removed her."
The zoo said that Kipenzi was a "beacon of light for her species and for the millions who watched her birth live on Animal Planet" on April 10. Kipenzi's birth "brought attention to the plight of wild giraffes in Africa, helped raise more than $35,000 for giraffe conservation and sparked conversations about her incredibly majestic species."
We are devastated to share the tragic loss of our beloved giraffe calf, Kipenzi. More details: http://t.co/p0tmdcC2Kppic.twitter.com/pPavK6xi6V — Dallas Zoo (@DallasZoo) July 29, 2015
"Kipenzi will always remain in our hearts, and while tears are flowing freely here tonight, we are eternally grateful for the millions of smiles she gave us all," zookeepers wrote.
The zoo encouraged those interested in donating in Kipenzi's memory, to consider The Giraffe Conservation Foundation, their partner in protecting giraffes in Africa.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Katie the Giraffe With Her Newborn Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Interested in this topic? You may also want to view these photo galleries: Replay Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last SlideNext Slide
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1I0bSru
Sep 7, 2017-
After the government sealed a dozen branded stores in Durbarmarg for fleecing customers, 80 retail outlets in Durbarmarg on Thursday pulled down their shutters to protest the raids conducted by the government.
A team from the Department of Supply Management and Protection of Consumers Interest has sealed a dozen stores by Wednesday.
During the monitoring, traders were found charging exorbitant prices for the items kept for sale.
Earlier on Wednesday, the Department of Supply Management and Protection of Consumers Interest sealed five branded stores in Durbarmarg on the charge of selling goods at exorbitant prices.
Shops that were sealed are: Labels Store, the seller of Reebok and Levis products, Lions Style Enterprises, the seller of Bossini products, Sulux Centre, seller of Rado watches, and Watch and See, a multi-brand store that sells Fossil watches, and DKNY, Armani and Polaroid sunglasses, among others.
During the inspection, the department found Labels Store selling a t-shirt at Rs2, 650—which included a discount of 30 percent-as against the cost price of Rs1, 754. The store was also found selling Reebok brand footwear for Rs16, 490 as against the cost price of Rs7, 615.
Lions Style, on the other hand, was found selling Bossini shirts, under buy-one-get-one free scheme, at prices double the cost price.
Earlier on Monday, the DoSM had sealed four shops of branded luxury items in Durbarmarg for marking up prices by as much as 2,300 percent.
Photos: Angad Dhakal
Published: 07-09-2017 16:21
A Dutch intelligence agency has warned that the Netherlands faces a complex threat from violent extremists returning from Syria, those prevented from travelling to fight overseas, and people radicalized by Jihadi propaganda who may want to carry out attacks at home.
In its annual report, the Dutch General Intelligence and Security Service also warned that a struggle for supremacy in the global Jihadi movement between the Islamic State group and al-Qaida poses a risk to the West.
The Netherlands, which is part of the international coalition carrying out air strikes targeting IS in Syria and Iraq, remains on the second-highest alert level for a possible attack.
The intelligence agency says that by the end of 2015, about 230 people had left the Netherlands to fight in Syria or Iraq.
Steering a course directly towards the iceberg shows the Captain has principles, the crew aboard the Titanic have insisted today.
Supporters of the Captain say that he's acting in an honest and straightforward manner by laying in a course at full steam ahead toward the enormous lump of Arctic death directly in front of the ship, and any change now would ‘show weakness in the face of hostile press'.
Meanwhile, the captain is understood to be holding Diane Abbott on the poop deck whilst shouting “I'm king of the world!”
Passengers expressing concern that the iceberg appears strong and stable and suggesting that taking to the lifeboats to join another ship have been described as ‘scum' by loyal crew.
“People criticise the captain for his iceberg-collision policy, but they never talk about his other ideas like an improvement to steerage conditions and a lovely buffet at lunch for all passengers,” said crewman Simon Williams.
“No, it's all Iceberg this and save me that and turn the ship you fool oh God we're all going to drown.
“If you think like that you should join the Tories.”
The captain has already confirmed he will stay on after the ship has sunk, showing that he is not only willing to go down with his ship but to keep it there as well.
Police issued an arrest warrant for a nine-year-old boy in Post Falls, Idaho, east of Spokane, Wash., reportedly after he stole a pack of gum. (Photo: Samohin, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Prosecutors in Post Falls, Idaho had police arrest a 9-year-old-boy who failed to appear in court to answer charges he stole a pack of gum.
Kootenai County Prosecutor Barry McHugh said he now regrets that his office sought the arrest warrant. The boy was arrested and released Jan. 9.
"After reviewing the file today, I have concluded that my office's request to have an arrest warrant issued was a mistake under the circumstances," McHugh said, referring to a statement his office issued Monday. "I regret this having taken place and will do everything in my power to avoid this type of mistake in the future."
In an interview, McHugh said prosecutors sought the warrant because the boy had missed two court appearances.
Post Falls Police Chief Scot Haug said the boy was accused of taking a pack of gum this summer. He said his officers were legally obligated to arrest the boy, who was taken to a juvenile detention center in nearby Coeur d'Alene for processing.
"He was not handcuffed, he was not searched. He was not put it into jail, they basically just gave him a ride," Haug said. "Now, that doesn't make it right."
He added: "When the warrant was issued, it was shocking to our staff. I've never seen that happen before. I think this case slipped through the cracks."
Post Falls, which is just east of Spokane, Wash., has a population of about 30,000.
McHugh, an elected prosecutor, said his office had unsuccessfully tried to enroll the boy and his parents in a court diversion program. In the statement, McHugh said his office should have requested the court order a child-protection investigation, which would have generated more information about the boy's situation.
"Knowing the child's age, the charged offense, and other circumstances in the case, we should have attempted this other option," he said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BVw2Ak
Wall Street has put the squeeze on the city to the tune of $1 billion, a report due out Tuesday claims.
As much as $723 million worth of unnecessary fees and bad deals, coupled with $300 million in bank subsidies should be rejiggered, says a study from a new left-leaning coalition called New Day, New York Coalition.
"New York City could be saving $1 billion annually just by changing the way it does business with Wall Street," one of the report's authors, Connie Razza, director of strategic research initiatives at the Center for Popular Democracy, told the Daily News.
The study, dubbed "Leveraging New York's Financial Power to Combat Inequality," kicks off a week of events organized by the group, culminating in a rally set for Thursday at Foley Square.
The coalition, whose members include veterans of Occupy Wall Street, labor unions such as 1199SEIU, and faith organizations, says its goal is to "draw attention to the ways Wall Street and big corporations continue to siphon resources away from average New Yorkers and point toward solutions that would help reduce inequality and build economic fairness."
Mirroring a key campaign theme of Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio, the report notes the huge disparity between the city's haves and have-nots, with the 1% controlling a whopping 40% of the city's income.
The city and its pension funds have tremendous leverage that can be used to bridge the gap, the study says: $350 billion that travels through the financial system.
"We should be using that leverage to demand a different relationship" with Wall Street, Razza said.
Among the key findings: the city, its pension funds and the MTA pay $563 million in Wall Street fees each year.
Rather than pay out megabucks to Wall Street big shots, the city should set up an in-house group to manage its pension assets and bond offerings, the report recommends.
That suggestion comes on the heels of a recent city report that showed fees paid by New York City pension funds surged by 28% to $472.5 million in the year ended June 30.
The idea of bringing the management of the city's money in-house isn't new.
New York's former chief investment officer, Larry Schloss, recommended just that before he recently stepped down. A number of public pension funds in Canada, including Ontario's $126 billion teachers' pension fund, have already moved in that direction.
But achieving that goal here is a long shot, said Leo Kolivakis, publisher of Pension Pulse Blog.
"Attracting and retaining qualified managers to manage money in-house is a huge challenge," Kolivakis told the News.
Patrick Muncie, a spokesman for Mayor Bloomberg, noted the financial services industry's crucial contributions to the local economy.
"The financial services sector is a critical driver of New York City's economy, providing more than 400,000 jobs and generating $3 billion in tax revenue last year alone," he said.
A spokesman for outgoing New York City Comptroller John Liu said the report encapsulates many of the comptroller's efforts, including "better and more cost-effective in-house management of pension assets."
The report "effectively and succinctly aggregates the real underlying issues of deepening inequality," Liu said in a statement.
Reps for de Blasio and incoming New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer, declined to comment.
Other recommendations of the report include holding banks to firm commitments to improve the community in exchange for the $300 million a year they receive in subsidies.
pfurman@nydailynews.com
What they want:
*Renegotiate financial deals to save up to $725 million each year
*Hold banks to commitments in exchange for $300 million in subsidies
*Banks should write down underwater mortgages to keep 86,000 families in their homes
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
The leader of the EU initiative tasked with preparing Europe's workforce for changing jobs doesn't think that taxing robots is a good idea.
As machines take on more human work, at least some human workers will lose their jobs. Bill Gates has proposed a simple solution for this conundrum: Governments should tax robot workers' productivity in the same way they tax human workers.
In a February interview with Quartz, Gates argued that governments could use the revenue to fund social safety-net programs and support jobs that still require human empathy and understanding.
Andrus Ansip, the EU Commissioner in charge of the push for streamlined digital regulations across Europe, including initiatives to equip workers with digital skills, discussed the robot tax at a conference in Vienna on Thursday. His opinion was clear.
“No way, no way,” he said, according to CNBC, when asked whether he would support the robot tax.
Ansip said that he didn't think it was appropriate to “tax progress” and that doing so would discourage automation technologies from staying and innovating in Europe. “I fully agree that we have to tax bad habits, for example pollution, or smoking, or drinking alcoholic drinks, this I can understand,” he said. The EU considered and rejected a proposed robot tax in February.
The robot tax idea has so far found few supporters, but a growing handful of outspoken detractors. In March, US economist Larry Summers wrote in an op-ed that a robot tax would be difficult to administer, because it is not clear how to classify a “robot” and that “a sufficiently high tax on robots would prevent them from being produced.”
Summers and Ansip both agree that the employment shifts caused by technological automation need to be addressed. Though Ansip said during the panel discussion in Vienna that “progress [has] always created more jobs than progress used to destroy,” he also acknowledged that increased automation will mean “a lot of people will lose their jobs.”
The effort Ansip favors for addressing those losses is more familiar than the idea of a robot tax. As many generations have proposed when faced with the possibilities of machines taking their jobs, he's betting on reskilling and education that prepares workforces for new jobs that may be created as others are eliminated. “Our municipalities, national parliaments, the European Union and also entrepreneurs, business people need to provide skills to those people who will lose their jobs,” he said.
Japanese teen calmly takes on SNB pipe's best
If you were wondering who the pint-sized 14-year-old snowboarder getting over 16 feet out of the X Games SuperPipe was, this is his story.
ASPEN, Colo. -- The room was hopping. Seemingly everywhere you looked, X Games athletes were eating, laughing and enjoying a few minutes out of the spotlight. Some played video games. Others received a massage. And the rest were glued to the Women's Snowboard SuperPipe final on one of the oversized flat screen televisions in the room.
Except for one person, that is. On this night in the X Games athlete lounge, the youngest competitor at this week's X Games Aspen, 14-year-old Japanese snowboarder Ayumu Hirano, was oblivious to everything going on around him. Tucked into the corner of a blue and black printed couch, he sat slumped on his side, his head resting on a cushy white pillow while his ski cap was pulled over his eyes. The kid was sound asleep.
Even when the room erupted after Elena Hight landed the first double rodeo in the Women's SuperPipe final, Hirano didn't budge.
"That's him," said his friend and Monster Energy teammate Teddy Koo. "Kid sleeps all the time. I mean constantly."
"He can sleep anywhere on anything," added Hirano's manager, Carl Harris.
Joshua Duplechian/ESPN Ayumu Hirano scored a 78.66 Thursday to rank sixth in the SuperPipe elimination.
On Sunday night, Hirano will hopefully be able to stay awake long enough to join six other competitors who will try to keep Shaun White from winning his record sixth consecutive gold medal in the X Games SuperPipe.
In Thursday night's SuperPipe elimination, the 5-foot-2 eighth grader became a fan favorite in his first X Games thanks to his trademark big air. His top score of 78.66 placed him sixth. His goals for Sunday night's finals are lofty.
"I want to be on that podium," he said through a translator.
Not much is known about Hirano, who has followed in the footsteps of fellow Japanese snowboarder Kazuhiro Kokubo, who also emerged onto the scene in his early teens. Now 24, Kokubo has served as a mentor to Hirano, who spends about 60 percent of his year in Japan and 40 percent training in the United States.
Kokubo's tips come on and off the hill, covering everything from how to be a good person to how to land a particular trick. During one such session in Vail, Colo., before X Games he helped Hirano learn how to bring around the rotation on a cab double cork. Kokubo finished 13th in Thursday's elimination, failing to qualify for the final.
"We are always practicing together," Hirano said. "He helps me be a better rider."
This week in Aspen, Hirano has been joined by his parents, who are visiting the United States for the first time. On Thursday his mother, Tomiko, excitedly took in the action from the family section, taking photos and soaking up the atmosphere while proudly watching her son compete.
"I thought my heart was going to come out of my body," she said through a translator. "It was our first time watching him compete in a long time. Most of his contests are overseas so we watch through the computer. We were so thankful for all the people cheering for him."
Hirano was introduced to action sports through his father, Hidenori, who owns a surf shop and a skate park in the family's hometown of Murakami, a small city on the coast of Japan. Hidenori Hirano enjoyed taking his sons surfing, but when Hirano's older brother Eiju once nearly drowned, the boy refused to go back. When a family friend gave Eiju a snowboard, his little brother Ayumu followed along. At the time, he was just 4 years old. Hirano doesn't remember that day. His earliest snowboarding memory is competing in the Junior Jam at the Asia Open when he was 6.
In 2011, when he was 12, he finished 13th in the Burton U.S. Open. This past August in New Zealand he won the Burton High Fives, prompting comparisons to another prodigy, Shaun White. Luckily for Hirano, he has little idea what the U.S. press is saying about him.
"He doesn't even realize it," Hirano's manager, Carl Harris, said. "It's probably better that he doesn't understand. There isn't a lot of pressure. He's just the coolest kid in the pipe. He goes out there and is like, 'Whatever. I'm just here to ride.'"
Hirano has built a reputation as a rider who is fearless. When asked this week what scares him, he struggled to answer, pondering the question for several minutes before finally confessing "Nothing comes to mind."
Hirano's parents describe their son as quiet and shy but at the same time confident and powerful. Harris and many of Hirano's teammates refer to him as "the creeper" because of the way he often intently stares at people.
"He'll just stare at you or walk by and just start poking you over and over," Koo said. "And you'll be like, 'Don't touch me.' And he just keeps poking."
Hirano's parents have struggled with the fact their son has missed so much school to chase his snowboarding dreams. Hirano attends classes whenever he is in Japan, but that is only 60 percent of the year. In a culture where education is of the highest value, friends and family have questioned why Hirano's parents were letting their son miss such an important part of his life.
"Not everyone has the same chance that he has," said Hirano's father, Hidenori, through a translator. "Because he is doing so good and trying so hard we don't want to take it away from him. Although sometimes in the future people can get duped if they don't have a good education, I feel if he can try this hard at snowboarding and be this good at snowboarding nothing can stop him."
While Hirano's popularity is growing in the United States -- he has endorsement contracts with Burton, Monster and Oakley -- back in Japan, he's just another kid.
"He's a nobody back home," his dad said. "Just another middle schooler who misses a lot of class."
But come Sunday night, that nobody will find himself under the bright lights in the final event of X Games Aspen. If he can keep awake.
"I know my boy," Hidenori said. "The higher he goes, the better he feels. And he wants to go bigger than anyone. Even Shaun White."
Wayne Drehs is a senior writer for ESPN.com. He can be reached at wayne.drehs@espn.com.
Hillary Clinton, John McCain, David Petraeus and other hawks have long called for a no-fly zone over Syria.
The U.S. is now sending F-15 jets to Syria.
That should terrify Al Qaeda and other baddies, right?
Nope … Al Qaeda leaders are actually begging for a U.S.-imposed no-fly zone.
American reporter Reese Erlich interviewed several top Al Qaeda leaders in the area including Abu Qatada, and they told him they feel that the U.S. has been too weak in Syria, and America should have introduced shoulder-fired missiles to shoot down Assad's planes, and set up a no-fly zone over Syria.
Erlich says that Al Qaeda sides with Clinton, McCain and Petraeus in calling for a U.S.-imposed no-fly zone.
Why?
The A.Q. leaders explained to Erlich that – in the short run – increased U.S. intervention would topple the Syrian leader Assad, who is one of Al Qaeda's main enemies.
In the long run, they explained, Al Qaeda would end up with all of the U.S.-provided weapons, and so they would be able to take over in Syria.
Strange bedfellows …
We're probably all guilty of the occasional Web slip-up. Instead of IM-ing your coworker to complain about your wife, you get mixed up and IM your wife herself. Or instead of forwarding that note from the boss--along with a snarky comment--to your friend, you hit reply. Or for a quick hit of mortification, just take a look at your MySpace page.
Those little missteps, alas, are trifles compared with the most embarrassing incidents on the Web.
Hoping not to embarrass ourselves, we devised a few ground rules for our selection process: We excluded faux pas that ultimately made the "victim" millions of dollars (Paris Hilton); nor were we interested in grossly off-putting transgressions (former Congressman Mark Foley).
Still, we're going to bet that the people and companies we've picked would love a "do-over" for their mistakes. Well, maybe not all of them...
13. He'll Huff and He'll Huff and...
The Smoking Gun pretty much dedicates itself to showing people during their most humiliating moments, but the celebrity mugshots of James Brown, Nick Nolte, and Yasmine Bleeth have nothing on poor Patrick Tribett, who was nabbed for "abusing harmful intoxicants," namely huffing gold spray paint.
Whether Tribett intentionally chose gold to match his "Warriors" t-shirt or whether the color just makes for a good high remains a mystery; but his overall look, which recalls a child who has ploughed headlong into a birthday cake, is mortifyingly priceless. The pose even earned Tribett his own YTMND Web page.
12. Putting as Much of America Online as Possible
When AOL posted the search records of 658,000 subscribers (ithe names were redacted and replaced with a unique number), the company couldn't even fall back on the "It was an accident!" excuse. The release was intentional, part of a horribly misguided research project to give academics a data set to see what people were searching for online. Turns out folks were looking for the usual stuff: American Idol, Britney Spears, cheap plane tickets, and a whole lot of porn. AOL removed the data, but only after it had been well mirrored, searched, and reported on. The company's apologies fell on deaf ears: AOL is currently being sued over the matter.
11. Meow!
A little Photoshop can be a dangerous thing. Cat Schwartz had some professional photographs made of herself and posted them on her blog. As they were obviously cropped into odd shapes, it didn't take long before admirers started to wonder what had been cut out of the pics.
Unfortunately, Schwartz hadn't accounted for Photoshop's thumbnailing system, which creates its (quite sizable) thumbnails based on the original shot, not the crop. Turns out Schwartz was topless during the photo shoot, and had actually posted nude photos of herself online by accident. What makes this especially embarrassing is that Schwartz works as a technology reporter and commentator and, one would assume, should have known better. (No, we're not going to link to it, and yes, you can find it without much trouble...but you wouldn't do that, would you?)
If you live in a small home, then you know that floor and counter space is at a premium. This often leaves little room for potted plants, but floral designer Kim Fisher has an ingenious solution. She has created a 22-inch circular hanging planter that holds colorful vegetation, even with limited space. By attaching it to the wall, you take advantage of the vertical height while leaving other, more useful, areas free. Better yet, the planter's clean and modern design resembles a work of art rather than a conventional pot.
This suspended garden is specially crafted for succulents and airplants. It's made from aluminum, and the bottom half is covered by heavy-duty plastic that keep small rocks, moss, dirt, and plants in place. For those who lack a green thumb, this setup requires very little maintenance with plants that are difficult to kill.
Fisher's vertical garden is hand-crafted and includes two airplants. It's now available through her Etsy shop.
Kim Fisher: Website | Etsy | Facebook | Instagram
via [Home Crux]
The freezing polar vortex that has gripped the US has extended an abnormally mild winter in Scandinavia and disrupted the seasonal patterns of flora and fauna.
The weather system that brought snow, ice and record low temperatures to many parts of the United States this week left Iceland, Greenland and Scandinavia much warmer than normal.
On the back of a generally mild winter, there have been reports of bears emerging early from hibernation in Finland, changes in the behaviour of migratory birds off the coast of Sweden and plants appearing earlier than normal in Norway.
Scandinavia and Russia's cold weather during the winter comes from a high-pressure system that keeps warmer, more humid air and low-pressure systems with wind and rain from coming up from the Atlantic Ocean.
The weakening of the jetstream that holds this in place has allowed cold air to spill further south into much of the United States and Canada, while bringing above-average temperatures to parts of Europe.
The knock-on effects of the vortex follow one of the mildest Decembers in a century in Nordic countries. Ketil Isaksen, a scientist at the Norwegian Meteorological Institute, said the country had been 4.2C above the mean temperature for December with parts of Oslo and south-eastern Norway experiencing the third warmest December on record. "It was very unusual to see no snow in large areas where it is normal in December. Only in the mountains and certain parts of Norway could you find snow."
Much of the precipitation in lowland and populated areas had fallen as rain instead of snow, he said. "In general it was a very wet December. Large parts of Norway had up to three times as much rain as normal and the country as a whole had 180% more than average."
Finland too has seen heavy rain, with flooding in western coastal areas and the majority of Finland's lakes containing record volumes of water. Temperatures exceeded their normal seasonal average by 4-5C nationwide, with Helsinki and southern Finland recording the mildest second half of December in 30 years.
Temperatures in parts of Sweden have fluctuated greatly, at Nikkaluokta falling from 4.7C on 3 December to -40.8C on 9 December, then rising two days later to 7.7C. Many locations measured their warmest December temperatures on record. "In the north, winter has arrived, but in the south it's autumn according to the meteorological definition," the Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute said.
The rainy weather in Finland has reportedly disrupted the winter slumbers of many bears, bringing them out of hibernation early. Heavy rains and high waters may have invaded some dens, forcing the animals to seek new shelter.
Prof Jon Swenson of the Norwegian University of Life Sciences, leader of the Scandinavian bear project, said he was worried about the indirect effects of the warmer weather. "If you go down into southern Europe, it's warmer, and there are some bears that don't hibernate.
"It doesn't seem to be harmful not to hibernate," he said. "What we are afraid of is that it means there will be more thawing periods … this really stresses the berry-producing plants. This can cause some mortality, and can have a very adverse effect on berry production. And that's what the bears survive on in the autumn, and what they use to get them through the winter. So the results of this mild weather won't be seen for some time."
Last week, the local Norwegian newspaper Sunnmørsposten published reader photographs of daffodils emerging as early as 14 December as well as crocuses, daisies, dandelions and honeysuckle.
The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) Norway chief executive, Nina Jensen, said she was "cautious about drawing conclusions from one mild winter into specific changes in nature", but there were signals that changes were happening.
"We are definitely seeing plants like bluebells flowering that wouldn't come out until spring, and birds singing that wouldn't normally be at this time of year. There are quite obvious changes in the growth season, plant growth and migratory bird routes and timing. The flip side of this warmer winter is that we will also have an increasing threat of harmful introduced organisms, such as the wild boar or ticks that thrive in warmer temperatures."
Pål Hermansen, a wildlife photographer based in Oslo, said: "It's the smaller things where you see it most, especially butterflies and other insects. The combination of 'proper winters' with lots of snow, alternating with winters like this one, makes everything very unstable. In the 30 years I've been working we've seen butterfly populations reduce by 80-90%. We're now seeing mosquitos and ticks during the winter, which is unheard of. Ticks are spreading much further north than they ever were before."
Stephen Menzie, an ornithologist working at Falsterbo Bird Observatory – a migration point in south-west Sweden – said it was "certainly true" that milder weather this year had played a part in delaying the southbound migration of many species.
"We had one day in November when we ringed over 800 birds, compared to the same period last year when we struggled to catch double figures on most days."
Additional reporting by Ben McPherson in Oslo
After Four Years Feds Finally Get Around To Prosecuting Ten Mod Chip Sellers
from the to-jailbreak-or-not-to-jailbreak dept
The indictments generally charge that the defendants knowingly manufactured, imported, offered to the public, or otherwise trafficked in technology, products, services, devices, components or parts thereof, which were primarily designed to circumvent technological measures designed to effectively control access to a work copyrighted under Title 17 of the United States Code, for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain.
Over four years ago, ICE ran an investigation into mod chip sellers in the US titled " Operation Tangled Web ". During this investigation, ICE agents raided 32 locations in 16 states. Very little information was released at the time regarding who was targeted and if any charges were brought up. Since then, almost no information has been released about the operation. Thankfully, an eagle eyed John Doe found a press release from April 10 that details the names of ten individuals officially indicted on charges of violating the DMCA's anti-circumvention clause . The charges are as follows:Other than this information and the list of names, there is no other publicly available information on any of the ten cases. What really makes this announcement interesting is its proximity to the US Copyright Office considering proposals that would provide a jailbreaking exemption for game consoles. If that proposal is accepted by the Copyright Office, then the actions performed by these ten individuals would be legal for others to perform for the next three years. However, it is unclear how such an exception would effect the charges brought against these individuals. It is really sad to see ten people's lives being dragged through criminal courts for performing an action that should be perfectly legal.
Filed Under: anti-circumvention, dmca, ice, mod chip, operation tangled web
Getty Images
Even while they were licking the wounds wrought by losing out on Steve Kerr, many fans of the New York Knicks couldn't help but recoil at a single, nagging thought: We don't know how he did it, but James Dolan clearly screwed this up.
Ever since Kerr spurned the Knicks and opted instead to become the new head coach of the Golden State Warriors, the search for the smoking gun has been on.
How about a military-grade bazooka with enough black smoke billowing out to cause the next ice age?
Here's what we know: According to Newsday's Al Iannazzone, Kerr's deal with Golden State is expected to be for five years and $25 million. The Knicks, meanwhile, were only willing to offer him four years—this, after begrudgingly upping it from three.
Kerr's California roots also factored into the decision, a sentiment that was all too apparent in this interview with NBA.com's David Aldridge shortly after the hire:
Phil because of what I think of him and what he's done for my career. When Phil Jackson asks you to coach the Knicks, how do you say no? I think they're going to turn it around, but going to be a big undertaking and it's going to take time. The idea of doing that 3,000 miles from home, it just didn't feel right.
So the Warriors wielded a bigger payday and an easier travel load. That's all well and good, until you remember Dolan—who, per Forbes' Kurt Badenhausen, once shelled out $124 million for a team that won 23 games—hasn't exactly been the paragon of fiscal prudence.
The best part about that whole story: Larry Brown collected a $30 million paycheck just for that season.
I get not wanting to make the same mistake twice, but come on.
There have been murmurs that it was Jackson who low-balled his former player and longtime friend. Our friend Frank Isola vehemently disagrees:
Clearly, this was Dolan's doing. The question is: Why? Why would Dolan, who agreed during Jackson's initial press conference to give his new president of basketball operations full autonomy over personnel decisions, renege so flagrantly and on such a franchise-altering decision?
As recently as April, CBS New York's John Schmeelk reported that rumors of Dolan intervening in Jackson's decisions—the most major of which was to fire head coach Mike Woodson and his staff—amounted to the media making mountains out of mole hills:
The much less exciting fact is that whenever any franchise wants to fire an employee, it goes through the owner's office. The fact that Dolan might have made a case for Herb Williams (if he was, in fact, someone Dolan wanted Jackson to retain) before he was fired shouldn't surprise anyone. Jackson and Dolan discussing decisions is something I still expect to happen in this new arrangement. The fact Dolan felt it important enough to try to save someone like Herb speaks more to his loyalty than anything else. The bottom line is that Herb is still out the door despite Dolan wanting him in the building is the ONLY thing that matters. Jackson did what he wanted and Dolan stepped aside.
The Kerr situation feels different. If the decision were truly up to Jackson, Kerr would've gotten that fifth year—no questions asked.
Perhaps Dolan expressed concern with paying $30-plus million to someone with absolutely zero bullets on his head-coaching resume.
Perhaps the Cablevision scion really is backing away from his previous intentions and is actively seeking out a more collaborative front-office relationship.
Perhaps Jackson's attempt to reconfigure New York's locker room into a triple-purpose Eastern-philosophy library, Mandan sweat lodge and juice bar was a Chase Bridge too far.
Perhaps you should not fact-check that last sentence.
Whether New York winds up going with Derek Fisher or Kurt Rambis or any of the other triangle denizens that have been linked to the Knicks job since Woodson's firing, Jackson will eventually get his man.
He just didn't think he'd have to go through another man to do it.
Anime News Network's coverage of Anime Expo 2017 is sponsored by Aniplex and Yen Press. Anime News Network's coverage of Anime Expo 2017 is sponsored by Aniplex and Yen Press.
Most anime studios wouldn't be able to premiere one episode of a TV series six months in advance to a room of over 3,000 people, but Kyoto Animation isn't like most other studios. After releasing a PV over a year ago of 40 seconds that looked too stunningly elaborate to be a television production, news about Violet Evergarden trickled in very slowly, hinting at a 2017 release date for a while until the premiere was finally confirmed for January 2018.
While Kyoto Animation's fans are no stranger to their inimitable lighting work, hyper-detailed backgrounds, and uniquely intimate animation style, Violet Evergarden immediately stood out for its unique choice of setting. Even when dabbling in the supernatural, the grand majority of KyoAni's work has taken place in modern-day Japan, so the choice to make a fantastical pseudo period piece garnered a lot of attention. Violet Evergarden also seemed to bring a harsher edge in its choice of story, with its heroine's artificial arms suggesting a violent past tied to the war that's only recently ended in her country.
So it's safe to say that nobody in the packed Main Events hall today knew what to expect when director Taichi Ishidate, lead actress Yui Ishikawa, and opening theme performer True finished their introductions for the first episode to begin. What followed was easily the most visually impressive TV episode KyoAni has ever produced, indistinguishable from their feature film work in ways that might seem impossible to sustain for a full cour of animation—which might explain the series' unusually long gestation time. Rather than using familiar Japanese settings for reference, Violet Evergarden faces the challenge of re-imagining early 20th-century Western Europe as a place that seems otherworldly, an ostentatious and luminescent sort-of-Switzerland that seems to exist inside a gold and emerald bauble. KyoAni must have spent a lot of time developing the right technology and techniques to give this world such a unique sense of deep focus detail, allows the intense light saturation so familiar to their work not to over-blur the minute details of the artwork. The setting itself is as much a starring presence as the titular Violet, and the director assured the audience that Violet would be spending many episodes traveling over its peaks and valleys despite taking up a new job in a quiet town in this premiere. The technology of this familiar-yet-alien world is comparable to Fullmetal Alchemist, with WWI-era transportation and weaponry existing alongside shiny chrome robotic limbs for wounded soldiers.
This brings us to the actual (spoiler-lite) story of Violet Evergarden, which rings both unique and rote all at once. Like many KyoAni productions, this series takes place in the peaceful countryside, but this peace is relatively new, especially for Violet. After losing both her arms in a devastating battle that turned the tide of a war, she's been shuttled off to live at the Evergarden estate under the late orders of her MIA commander, Gilbert. His former subordinate Hodgins knows better than anyone that Violet, who's known nothing but the battlefield since childhood, won't be able to adjust to peacetime so easily, so he suggests she take a job at his postal service sorting the mail. Violet soon takes an interest in the business of transcribing letters for illiterate customers, when she begins to suspect that she is emotionally "deficient" due to her tragic childhood, desiring now to understand feelings like love and compassion through the words of others.
That sounds like a lot of info, but that's just the basic premise, leaving out plenty of sordid juicy twists for fans to discover for themselves once January finally rolls around. The story unfolds very naturally, with clever choices in storyboarding and editing that allow viewers to really stew in each emotional realization and foreshadowed gut-punch. Along with the stunning visuals, this deft execution is the strongest feature of the episode, while the characterization of Violet as a textbook Rei Ayanami-alike may be its weakest. The director's statement on her character was extremely straightforward: "Even though she has been through a horrible war, emotionally she is like a baby, she is at zero. As you all watch her become a grown woman, I want you to think of her as if she were your own daughter and protect the feelings she comes to understand." Plot details aside, I feel like that tells you everything you need to know about Violet's personal journey going forward, which might be underwhelming for some anime fans who have heard this kind of story many times before.
The premiere concluded with a special performance of the opening song by True (the first time she had ever performed the song live), and hundreds of fans in the crowd brought their glowsticks in advance to cheer her on. Violet Evergarden is sure to make a big splash when it premieres at the top of next year, and I can't wait to see what everyone thinks of KyoAni's bold new choice of material when they finally see it for themselves.
(Reuters Health) - Pregnant women may get accurate screening results for Down syndrome – also known as trisomy 21 - and two rarer chromosomal disorders with a finger-prick blood test that reduces the need for more invasive diagnostic procedures, a UK study suggests.
With conventional prenatal testing, women are typically screened for chromosomal disorders in the embryo at 10 to 14 weeks of pregnancy with an ultrasound and a finger prick blood test. Based on results, some women identified as high-risk return to the doctor for genetic counseling and invasive diagnostic tests that require drawing fluid or tissue samples from the placenta for DNA analysis.
The study team tested an alternative approach known as reflex DNA screening. Women still get that initial ultrasound and finger prick, but they provide extra blood that's set aside to use later for DNA analysis if they're identified as high risk; they only return to the doctor for invasive diagnostic tests if the DNA analysis points to an abnormality.
“This simple modification has a big impact on the delivery of screening service,” said lead study author Dr. Nicholas Wald of the Wolfson Institute of Preventive Medicine and Queen Mary University of London.
“In the reflex DNA method, most women undergoing an invasive test will have an affected pregnancy,” Wald said by email.
For the study, Wald and colleagues examined data on 22,812 women who had screenings at five UK maternity hospitals for Down syndrome as well as Edwards and Patau syndromes (trisomy 18 and trisomy 13).
These disorders occur when babies have an extra copy of a chromosome. Edwards and Patau syndromes are usually fatal within a few days of birth. Down syndrome is associated with intellectual deficits, developmental delays, thyroid problems and heart disease.
All of the women in the study underwent initial screening for these syndromes, with extra blood drawn and set aside to use if DNA analysis was needed.
Overall, 11 percent of the women had at least a 1 in 800 risk of one of these syndromes, and extra blood samples for these women were used for DNA analysis.
These DNA tests detected 101 of the 106 pregnancies affected with one of the three disorders, researchers report in Genetics in Medicine.
Only four of the DNA tests had so-called false-positive results when women who weren't carrying babies with one of the disorders were mistakenly told that they were.
This translates into a false-positive rate of just 0.02 percent, compared with a false-positive rate of 2.42 percent with conventional testing methods.
Among women who had positive results and went on to get invasive diagnostic tests, 25 of 26 patients had babies with one of the syndromes.
The results suggest that routine reflex DNA screening could substantially reduce the number of patients who needlessly undergo invasive diagnostic tests for chromosomal disorders, the authors conclude.
One drawback of reflex DNA screening may be the cost, noted Dr. Marsha Wheeler, a prenatal genetics specialist at the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora who wasn't involved in the study.
Access and affordability in the U.S. would vary based on women's insurance coverage and the labs used for testing.
“The prenatal reflex DNA screening is effective,” Wheeler said by email. “It has a high detection rate, low need for repeating a blood draw, high positive predictive value and low false positive rate.”
SOURCE: go.nature.com/2zFsN3m Genetics in Medicine, online November 9, 2017.
Although it may not be the first thing to come to mind when thinking about different kinds of sports, D.C. Breeze is Ultimate Frisbee at its best.
"A lot of people don't exactly know what our sport is," said D.C. Breeze player Rowan McDonnell, "They might associate it with dogs or the beach."
A professional ultimate team, D.C. Breeze is comprised of talented players who show off their skills and show that they can really play. The team even made it to the division championship game, but lost to Toronto in overtime.
"It's a really athletic sport that combines a lot of elements of basketball, football and soccer," said Chuck Cantone, a Breeze player.
When they're not competing, the D.C. Breeze try to grow the sport. During the course of the year, the Breeze put on roughly 30 youth clinics across the area. It's truly a win-win for both parties, as it provides awareness to the sport and it also brings a moment for these children that they will remember forever.
"If we have fun with the kids and a couple of them like the sport, well then they might share it with their friends and that's how things really grow," said Cantone.
Children at the Fort Stanton Recreation Center got a first-hand look at what Ultimate Frisbee is all about, spending the day with Breeze players as they make an impact on the next generation.
"It's more of the running and the excitement of catching and throwing the Frisbee," said G'Quay Milton, a 13-year-old, "I was actually going to ask my mom to buy me a Frisbee when I got home today."
Watch the video above to see Scott's full story on D.C. Breeze.
Do you know of somebody in the DMV area overcoming adversity to star and excel in the athletic arena? We want to hear from you. Contact us at risingstar@wjla.com. You might be featured in an upcoming story.
Jonathan De Villiers for The New York Times
Looking for the best exercise for your body? Maybe it's walking, running, squats or even the butterfly stroke.
The Phys Ed columnist Gretchen Reynolds has the answers (sort of) in this week's New York Times Magazine. She writes:
Ask a dozen physiologists which exercise is best, and you'll get a dozen wildly divergent replies. “Trying to choose” a single best exercise is “like trying to condense the entire field” of exercise science, said Martin Gibala, the chairman of the department of kinesiology at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.”
One option explored by Ms. Reynolds is the burpee.
But when pressed, Dr. Gibala suggested one of the foundations of old-fashioned calisthenics: the burpee, in which you drop to the ground, kick your feet out behind you, pull your feet back in and leap up as high as you can. “It builds muscles. It builds endurance.” He paused. “But it's hard to imagine most people enjoying” an all-burpees program, “or sticking with it for long.”
To learn more about the burpee and other “best” exercises, read the full report, “What's the Single Best Exercise?” and then please join the discussion below.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Pikachu was originally referred to in Hong Kong as Beikaciu, which sounds phonetically close to its name in Japanese
Japanese game-maker Nintendo is about to release two new games in its hugely popular Pokémon series.
But a decision to use only Mandarin Chinese names for the characters has proved controversial in Hong Kong.
The BBC looks at why fans and linguists are so riled.
1. What's in a name - Beikaciu or Pikaqiu?
Image copyright AFP Image caption The decision by Nintendo is seen in the current climate as "mainlandisation"
Pokémon characters' names used to be translated differently in different parts of the Chinese-speaking world, to reflect local pronunciation. Hence, the hugely beloved Pikachu was known for decades as Bei-Ka-Ciu in Hong Kong, and Pi-Ka-Qiu in mainland China.
But Nintendo announced earlier this year that it would be unifying the names of more than 100 Pokémon characters, and has renamed many of them according to the Mandarin translations.
Both Cantonese and Mandarin speakers read Chinese, although people in Hong Kong use the traditional Chinese script while people on mainland China use simplified Chinese.
However, the same words can be pronounced differently in each language.
For example, Pikachu's new official Chinese name, 皮卡丘, is pronounced Pi-Ka-Qiu in Mandarin. But in Cantonese, the characters would be pronounced Bei-Ka-Jau - which Hong Kong critics argue sound nothing like Pikachu's original name.
2. It's about identity
More than 6,000 people signed a petition in March asking Nintendo to reverse its decision. Then on Monday dozens of people protested at the Japanese consulate.
For a small but vocal group, the move has hit a nerve.
"Our main point is that the translation ignores Hong Kong's culture," said a spokesman from a Facebook group known as Petition to keep Regional Chinese Translations of Pokémon. "There's no respect for it."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The pro-democracy movement saw tens of thousands of Hong Kong citizens take to the streets
"We are aware of the reasons behind Nintendo's translation, presumably to make it easier for purposes such as publicity, but the move ignores a lot of players. We hope the Hong Kong market can be taken seriously and treated sincerely."
The BBC's Juliana Liu in Hong Kong says the dispute taps into growing local fears that Cantonese - along with local culture and tradition - is being supplanted by Mandarin.
Prof Stephen Matthews of the School of Humanities, University of Hong Kong, agrees.
"It's seen in the current climate as creeping 'mainlandisation'," he said.
"In the last few years people have felt that what makes Hong Kong special is disappearing bit by bit and what is an issue of Pokémon which is fairly trivial, becomes a big one because it's very sensitive."
Just months ago, there were violent clashes between so-called "localist" anti-Beijing groups and police, in a dispute over food stalls.
3. It's about language
Last year, the city's Education Bureau caused an uproar when it suggested that Cantonese was not an official language, our correspondent says.
Hong Kong residents, supported by many linguists, believe Cantonese is a proper language, on par with Mandarin.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cantonese is seen by its people as an ancient language, retaining a greater aesthetic similarity to traditional Chinese characters, Prof Matthews tells the BBC
"I think language is perhaps one of the most important things that marks Hong Kong from the rest of China," said Prof Matthews.
"It's crystal clear that Mandarin speakers cannot understand Cantonese and vice versa. They are not mutually intelligible."
But in mainland China itself, the dizzyingly diverse range of regional forms of speech are known only as dialects, not languages in their own right.
Earlier in February, Hong Kong officials received more than 10,000 complaints in three days after a TV programme began using subtitles in mainland Chinese characters instead of Hong Kong's traditional script.
4. It's about the 'collective memory of a generation'
Hong Kong activist group Civic Passion organised Monday's demonstration.
"Pikachu has been in Hong Kong for more than 20 years," said Sing Leung, one of those who took part.
"It is not simply a game or comic book, it is the collective memory of a generation."
"It was a good decision for them to launch a Chinese version of the game, but it has not respected the culture and language of specific places."
Led Zeppelin's Robert Plant (left) and Jimmy Page (Photo: Chris Walter/WireImage)
The rocker says he first heard Spirit's “Taurus” when his son-in-law told him people were comparing it to “Stairway” a few years ago.
Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page says he never heard the song he's accused of copying in “Stairway to Heaven” until a few years ago, when people started posting comparisons online.
The guitarist doesn't use computers or the Internet, he says, and didn't know people were buzzing about a potential similarity until his son-in-law showed him a video online. When Page heard the orchestral intro to Spirit's “Taurus,” it was “totally alien” to him, he said. “Something like that would stick in my mind.”
Page owns several Spirit albums, but only remembered acquiring two of them — neither containing the song at issue. He counted his collection before trial, and says he owns 4,329 albums and 5,882 CDs.
Michael Skidmore, who represents the estate of Spirit songwriter Randy Wolfe, is suing Page and Led Zeppelin for copyright infringement. Skidmore claims Page or frontman Robert Plant heard “Taurus” during the late 1960s and copied it for “Stairway.”
Skidmore's attorney Francis Malofiy actually referred to Page as “the alleged composer” of “Stairway to Heaven” and said the band became famous by making other people's music its own.
Page was on the stand for two hours Wednesday afternoon and, after a dry morning mostly spent watching a video deposition from a U.K. Spirit fan, the exchange provided some welcome comic relief — although much of it was at Malofiy's expense. U.S. District Court judge R. Gary Klausner met privately with the attorneys during a morning break to talk about “procedure” and afterward he stopped pulling punches.
After excessive questioning about interviews printed during the late ‘60s and early '70s, much of which Page didn't recall, Malofiy continued to push Page on whether he was a Spirit fan back then and whether he'd ever said he was. “How many times can we beat a dead horse?” asked Klausner.
Malofiy responded by asking to enter one of the articles into evidence and said it impeached Page — meaning caught him in a lie about his alleged Spirit fandom. “It's wishful thinking, counsel, when you say you think you impeached him,” Klausner said, which offers some insight into how the judge feels the trial is going so far.
Perhaps the biggest laugh came shortly after Malofiy described Page as a “session musician” and asked about his history of playing guitar — he first picked it up at the age of 12.
“Later on you had a gift of playing guitar, is that correct?” Malofiy asked.
“Well, yeah,” Page said, in a tone somehow both humble and wry. The courtroom roared with laughter, either at the obviousness of the answer or the surprised smile on Page's face when he answered.
When Malofiy was asking Page about the Internet video he watched and whether he thought “Taurus” and “Stairway” sounded similar, the attorney hit a wall. Page heard the album version of the song, and that's not relevant right now — only the deposit copy of the sheet music that was filed with the U.S. Copyright Office is protected. (Pre-1972 sound recordings aren't protected by federal copyright law, an issue which is the subject of several state lawsuits.)
Malofiy on Wednesday filed a motion asking the court to allow the sound recordings to be used as evidence, even though they can't be proof of copyright infringement.
“These are the versions of Taurus that Led Zeppelin had access to, they did not have access to the deposit copy or some recording that was limited to the notes in the deposit copy,” Malofiy writes in the motion. “Even if the recordings are not relevant to prove infringement, they are highly relevant – indeed crucial – to proving access and/or rebutting independent creation.”
Earlier in the day, Malofiy left the room to fetch the next witness — a Spirit super fan named Bruce Pates — and was gone for several minutes. “Let's hope counsel hasn't gone home,” quipped Klausner. The room filled with giggles — unbeknownst to the absent Malofiy.
Pates' testimony centered on conversations he had with others, in his capacity as the band's historian, and was cut short after Klausner grew tired of hearing hearsay objections from Zeppelin lawyer Peter Anderson. “He can't testify as to what someone else did,” Klausner said, prompting Malofiy to end his questioning.
Download Episode Here – right click link and select “Save Link As…”
In this episode Joel and Antonia talk about the dangers and pitfalls of hiding your intuition and “intuitive blending” instead of standing out.
In this podcast you'll find:
Intuitives are people who use advanced pattern recognition as their primary learning style.
Sensors value reliable information. Intuitives prefer speculation.
Intuitives navigate the world that's not created for them. Because of this, their needs are not met. They can start to believe that they're broken as if something's wrong with them.
They often ask themselves, “How do I see things the way other people do?” “What is it about me?”
Intuitives have the tendency to know they're different.
Since Intuitives are really good in pattern recognition, they don't get the privilege of blissful ignorance.
Perspectives users can sometimes be a little detached by how people see them.
Most Intuitives pick up easily. They're different and very aware of it. They do get this feeling that something is different inside them.
Because people who use the sensory style are looking for something concrete and tangible, in their minds they have categories for everything.
When Intuitives start to pretend or act as sensors in order to fit in, they are now doing a process called “intuitive blending”.
With intuitive blending, they're able to speak both intuitive and sensor languages. As a result, they end up denying an integral piece of who they are. Intuitive blending by definition means suppressing who you are. If an intuitive start to blend, they have disqualified themselves from basically being understood.
Intuitive blending is very damaging because they are not getting their primary needs met which is Intuitive Conversation .
. Intuitives want to make an impact regardless if it's small or big. They want the world to give feedback that they're doing an excellent job.
Intuitives have a great gift for leadership.
A sensor is going to make an impact based on something verifiable and tangible.
Intuitive Awakening Program – program specifically targeted to Intuitives which is designed to help them become the best version of themselves.
– program specifically targeted to Intuitives which is designed to help them become the best version of themselves. Only 25% of the people who are Intuitives and if they all go blending, the world stagnates.
To subscribe to the podcast, please use the links below:
Subscribe with iTunes
Non iTunes Link
Download The Android App
Subscribe on Soundcloud
Subscribe with Stitcher
If you like the podcast and want to help us out in return, please leave an honest rating and review on iTunes by clicking here. It will help the show and its ranking in iTunes immensely! We would be eternally grateful!
Want to learn more?
Discover Your Personal Genius
We want to hear from you. Leave your comments below…
SAN DIEGO -- A red welt was turning purple below La'el Collins' right eye after Thursday's preseason opener against the San Diego Chargers. He had another cut just above the bridge of his nose.
"Hey, man, that comes with the game," Collins said. "I love it."
Collins' debut with the Dallas Cowboys was a success. He didn't start -- the left guard spot remains in Ronald Leary's control -- but he played three quarters and had moments that showed why teams had him labeled as a first-round talent.
On Gus Johnson's touchdown run, Collins moved from a combination block to an oncoming linebacker at the last moment to give the runner just enough room to burrow his way into the end zone.
"I just got a really good fit on the three-technique and soon as the linebacker broke the heels of the defensive linemen, I launched off and picked up a great block," Collins said. "The back did a great job of being patient and he got up there right in the middle."
He also pancaked a Chargers defender so far down field on one play that he celebrated.
"Hey, man, it's fun," Collins said. "I really love this game. For me, that is my touchdown."
Collins figures that's where he got the black eye because his helmet came down on top of his head. He first thought he had some grass in his eye.
That he was playing at all was what mattered most to Collins. His dream was nearly derailed in the spring when he was questioned in a murder case. Instead of going in the first round, he was not drafted at all. The Cowboys signed him to a fully guaranteed three-year contract as an undrafted free agent but offered no promises of a starting job.
"You live every day to make that dream come true," Collins said, "and just to be out there is a dream come true to get an opportunity to be out there."
The only snaps Collins has received with the first team came when Leary was out for a day with back spasms. The competition many suspected would happen has not quite happened yet.
"Honestly, I just see myself so far behind that those guys are so advanced at what they do," Collins said. "For me, I come in every day with a pen and pad and write down everything that I can to help better my game. And then we just go out there every day and grind."
November 1, 2012 (Vol. 32, No. 19)
Alex Philippidis Senior News Editor Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News
Outdated Cultural Stereotypes Can Prevent Women from Securing Jobs in the Life Sciences
The Old Boys' club appears a long way from extinction in academic science. That's the disturbing finding of five Yale University researchers who published a study spotlighting the university world's stubborn gender gap on hiring.
The study's most embarrassing finding showed that a group of biology, chemistry, and physics professors favored a male job candidate “John” over a female “Jennifer” with identical qualifications for a fictitious science lab manager position. The professors' bias cut across both gender lines and field of study, with women just as likely as men, and biology professors as likely as their physics or chemistry counterparts to favor the male.
“We are not suggesting that these biases are intentional or stem from a conscious desire to impede the progress of women in science,” the study's co-authors concluded in “Science Faculty's Subtle Gender Biases Favor Male Students,” published online September 24 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
Past research indicates that the behavior reflects repeated exposure to pervasive cultural stereotypes that cause subtle gender biases to linger in even the most egalitarian individuals despite decreases in overt sexism over the past few decades, especially among those with the highest education levels.
The cultural stereotypes are probably propagated by images that have been around for decades, if not centuries, the study's corresponding author told GEN.
“Scientists are still presented most often as white men in the press and media, and science is a stereotypically male field, which probably affects the way we talk about it and represent it in other ways,” said Jo Handelsman, Ph.D., a Yale professor of molecular, cellular, and developmental biology, and president of the Rosalind Franklin Society, whose founder and executive vice president is GEN Publisher & CEO Mary Ann Liebert.
Dr. Handelsman added that awareness of who works in today's labs goes a long way toward reversing that stereotype: “Margaret Mead published a paper in the 1950s with childrens' drawings of scientists, which were all white and male. The result comes out the same today, but one of my colleagues showed that if the children participate in research in a lab, the representation of scientists changes radically—the scientists start looking like the children!”
The Yale study did not examine if female professors felt more threatened by a younger female lab manager than a male. “The fact that age and gender did not affect the faculty's evaluations, I would guess that ‘threat' hypothesis is not supported, but a separate study might be needed to address this,” Dr. Handelsman said.
A critic of the idea that bias largely explains gender disparities in academia is not disputing the new study's troubling results.
“The PNAS paper shows quite convincingly that sexism or discrimination most certainly plays a role. That's too bad,” Alex B. Berezow, Ph.D., editor of Real Clear Science, told GEN. “As for explanations about why this is occurring (stereotypes, etc.), I would just be speculating. I don't know.”
Dr. Berezow theorized about the disparity in National Review, where in a January 12, 2011, article titled, “Gender Discrimination in Science is a Myth,” he wrote: “The more likely explanation is simply one of preference: Women, for personal reasons, prefer not to enter the hard sciences.”
He cited a 2010 Cornell University study that reached that conclusion for women in five “math-intensive” fields. Only one biological field, endocrinology, was represented in the study by Stephen J. Ceci, Ph.D., and Wendy M. Williams, Ph.D. (the others were psychology, sociology, economics, and education).
Drs. Ceci and Williams said the disparity reflected two factors: Preferences by women for other fields of study, and the need to balance career with caring for children or elderly parents. They rejected the view that the disparity reflected innate gender abilities or sexism, while acknowledging that gender bias was historically a factor in underrepresentation of women in math and science.
“While sexism in academia likely existed decades ago, today it is largely a myth,” Dr. Berezow concluded, adding: “Gender disparity, not gender discrimination, exists in academia, but it is a self-correcting phenomenon.” Self-correction will occur, he said, as women now receiving degrees move into faulty positions.
Speaking with GEN last week, Dr. Berezow stood by his conclusion: “The point of my piece in National Review (which I wrote long before this PNAS paper came out) was that there are other explanations for the gender disparity in academia than just sexism. That's still true.”
Sexism or not, the disparity still exists. In their study, the Yale researchers cited the Council of Graduate Schools' 2010 version of its annual Graduate Enrollment and Degrees report, noting the percentage of women awarded biology doctorates nationally rose 7.7% between 1999 and 2009. An updated version of the study released September 28 showed an 8.2% increase between 2001 and 2011. [The increases for men were 1.2% from 1999−2009 and 2.5% from 2001−11]. According to NSF, the percentage of women awarded biological science degrees soared from 42.9% in 1999 to 52.4% in 2009, the latest available year.
Some progress has occurred in hiring at the junior level, though not in tenured positions. According to Yale's Women's Faculty Forum (WFF), the percentage of women in nontenure biological sciences faculty positions more than doubled, to 37% (7 of 19) from 15% (3 of 20). However, just 19% of biology professors awarded tenure in 2011−12 (9 of 48) were women, barely budging from 18% (7 of 40) in 2001−02.
At Yale School of Medicine, WFF found, the percentage awarded tenure inched up to 22% (97 of 434) from 16% (59 of 360) in 2001−02. More women were hired in non-tenured faculty positions, up to 43% (376 of 865) in 2011−12 compared with 2001−02 (183 of 504).
Impeding Advancement
“This gap suggests that the problem will not resolve itself solely by more generations of women moving through the academic pipeline but that instead, women's advancement within academic science may be actively impeded,” the co-authors wrote.
Joan C. Williams, distinguished professor of law and founding director of the Center for WorkLife Law at University of California, Hastings College of the Law, told GEN years of studies have shown women often have to provide more evidence of competence than men do in order to be seen as equally go-getter scientists.
“This is typically a pattern I call Prove-It Again,” Williams said. “It stems from descriptive stereotypes. When most people think of the hard-driving scientist, they automatically think of a white man.”
She said Prove-It Again bias has been shown in studies finding men landed jobs whether their strength was more education or more experience, and in studies where employers applied objective requirements vigorously to women but leniently to men.
Williams' center has launched the New Girls' Network (www.newgirlsnet.com), a project that develops individualized strategies for training women to spot, then overcome, gender bias.
Earlier this year, the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST) observed that women and members of minority groups constitute approximately 70% of college students but only 45% of students receiving undergraduate STEM degrees.
That and other observations underpinned PCAST's report Engage to Excel: Producing One Million Additional College Graduates with Degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics. Its recommendations have not been implemented widely enough or long enough for the report's impact to be known, Dr. Handelsman said.
Even if all PCAST's recommendations were adopted, eliminating gender bias will still require cultural change within academia.
“The university is a very tough organization to change because decision-making power is so diffused,” Williams said. “Whereas in other organizations HR handles a lot of these decisions, organizational change has proven very slow and cumbersome in academics, because the HR is done by department chairs.”
Even if a department chair does something illegal, she adds, “if you are vulnerable graduate student or young professor, are you going to sue your department chair? That's not very plausible.”
Neither is the idea that the gender gap in life science hiring must always be. Yale can learn from both MIT, where a 2011 report showed the number of women science and engineering professors nearly doubled in a decade; and Boston University, whose current president Robert A. Brown stepped up hiring and promoting women after circulating salary data among faculty.
“An important issue in so-called ‘diversity programs' is that they be stimulating and provocative and not prescriptive,” Dr. Handelsman said. “The point is not to tell people what to do and not to do, but to expose them to new information or ideas, to broaden their experience, and then let them make informed choices about how they wish to behave.”
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc said on Tuesday it fired the technology whiz it had hired to lead its self-driving unit, Anthony Levandowski, after he failed to comply with a court order to hand over documents at the center of a legal dispute between Uber and Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Waymo unit.
Uber had hoped Levandowski, one the most respected self-driving engineers in Silicon Valley, would help the ride services company catch up to rivals including Waymo, in the race for self-driving technology. Instead the hiring led to a court fight and the threat of criminal charges. Uber replaced him as the head of its self-driving car unit in April before finally making the decision to fire him.
Levandowski formerly worked for Alphabet's Waymo self-driving division, which says he stole trade secrets by downloading more than 14,000 documents before he left. Levandowski is not a defendant, but his actions are at the heart of Alphabet's lawsuit against Uber.
Uber said in a letter to Levandowski filed in federal court on Tuesday that it was firing him because he had not complied with a court order to hand over the documents. (tmsnrt.rs/2rBPNzW)
He has declined to cooperate, citing his Fifth Amendment right not to incriminate himself. Levandowski's lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Uber and Alphabet are battling over technology expected to revolutionize the way people use cars. Waymo claims its trade secrets made their way into Uber's Lidar technology, which bounces light pulses off objects so self-driving cars can “see” the road. Uber denies these claims.
Levandowski has 20 days to comply with the court orders, according to the Uber letter.
Last month, Uber named Eric Meyhofer to replace Levandowski as head of its Advanced Technologies Group. Meyhofer will continue to lead the team, an Uber spokeswoman said via email.
The New York Times reported Levandowski's exit earlier on Tuesday, citing an internal email sent to employees. (nyti.ms/2qD4X3h)
“Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an email to employees, cited by the Times.
An Uber spokeswoman confirmed the letter's authenticity and said the company has urged Levandowski to “fully cooperate.”
Waymo has said Levandowski received stock worth more than $250 million for joining Uber, along with his portion of the $680 million that Uber paid last year for Otto, the self-driving truck company he formed after leaving Google. That amount assumes certain targets would be met, and it was not clear how his firing would affect those payments.
A source familiar with the matter said Levandowski had not yet vested his Uber shares.
LEVANDOWSKI REFUSAL
Levandowski, a top engineer on self-driving technology, has turned into a liability for Uber in court. The company has acknowledged that his refusal to testify has hurt its defense efforts. Uber has never denied that he took the Waymo documents.
Asked last month why Uber did not threaten to fire Levandowski to pressure him into turning over the documents, Uber attorney Arturo Gonzalez told Reuters, “We can fire him but we still don't get the documents.”
Uber had argued that it was acceptable to sideline Levandowski by preventing him from working on Lidar technology, but not firing him. But U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup criticized the company, telling lawyers: “You keep on your payroll someone who took 14,000 documents and is liable to use them.”
The judge theorized that Levandowski could have used Waymo's documents himself even if he did not turn them over to Uber.
FILE PHOTO: A man exits the Uber offices in Queens, New York, U.S., February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
“What prevented him from bringing a laptop to work every day and consulting the files?” Alsup asked Uber lawyers in April.
Uber has been hit by a string of departures of senior executives and other negative news. Earlier this year, Uber was caught using its technology to avoid government regulators. Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick was seen on video berating an Uber driver, and the company also faced accusations of sexual harassment that led to an internal probe led by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
The Holder report will be shown to the board this week, a source familiar with the matter said, adding that next week, Uber plans to speak with employees about it.
Share
As the world of virtual reality becomes more engrained in our everyday life, it's becoming more important to create virtual reality (VR) content. Companies are coming up with dedicated camera rigs left and right, but not everyone has the desire or dough to drop the money on making his or her own VR content.
One solution to creating custom VR content is to leverage visuals that have already been captured. The latest app to achieve this is Instamuseum, an online application from Sketchfab that turns Instagram photos from any account into a virtual reality gallery that can be explored by using a VR headset. It uses Blender to create the 3D environment, which is uploaded using Sketchfab's API.
The process is fairly simple. Insert the username of any Instagram user, choose from one of four display options, and create the gallery. Once the gallery has been rendered, users can explore the interactive art using Google Cardboard and an accompanying smartphone. It also supports the HTC Vive headset and a computer, with the Sketchfab VR app installed from the Steam Store.
Even without a VR headset, the galleries can be viewed inside a web browser, using the cursor to move about the scene. Below are a few examples of the gallery options and layouts:
Currently, the galleries are limited to Google Cardboard and the HTC Vive headset, but Sketchfab notes versions for Oculus Rift and Samsung Gear VR headsets are just around the corner. The galleries might not be as interactive as other games and experiences, but it's a fun way to tie in non-VR content into the more immersive world that is VR.
ScreenCrush editor, comic-book lover, and undiagnosed masochist Matt Singer is systematically watching every single (American) comic-book movie ever made in the order in which they were released. This week in The Complete History of Comic-Book Movies : Welcome to the prehistoric Marvel Cinematic Universe.
‘Captain America' (1944)
Directors: Elmer Clifton and John English
Writers: Royal K. Cole, Ronald Davidson, Basil Dickey, Jesse Duffy, Harry L. Fraser, Grant Nelson, Joseph F. Poland
Starring: Dick Purcell, Lorna Gray, Lionel Atwill
Based on: Captain America , created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby in ‘Captain America Comics' #1
Onscreen Iteration: First appearance
The Best and Worst Special Effects occur in the same scene. Captain America (Dick Purcell) follows the trail of his arch-nemesis, The Scarab (Lionel Atwill), to an apartment. As he arrives and announces himself, a thug inside opens fire. The camera cuts to the hallway, where his bullets splinter the door as Cap runs for cover. That's a great moment, but it's followed by the worst in the entire serial, when Cap responds by pulling his own gun and firing in the direction of the door handle. It looks like he misses his target by about four inches, but a half-second after he fires the handle pops off anyway, as if an off-screen production assistant yanked it with a string. It's a real laugher. The rest of the fight that follows is pretty great, though.
Most Dated Moment: The Scarab spends most of ‘Captain America' either using or seeking out a variety of high-tech gadgets that will help him amass wealth and power. The first is a “thermodynamic vibration engine” that can topple skyscrapers—or as the characters repeatedly and hilariously call it, a vibrator. As in, “The vibrator! If it doesn't shut off, the building will collapse!” According to Wikipedia (which is never wrong), vibrators predate this film by several decades, but they didn't become widespread until the sexual revolution of the 1960s. It's hard to imagine any movie made then or since that would let its primary villain say stuff like “I want to know more about the vibrator!” except maybe something directed by Mel Brooks.
Most Timeless Moment: Every serial so far has given its hero a female love interest, mostly to serve as a perpetual damsel in distress; ‘Captain America''s Gail Richards (Lorna Gray) is the first one with enough agency to be called a sidekick. She's Captain America's secretary in his day job as district attorney, but she's also the only one who knows his secret identity, and she works with him to help foil The Scarab's plots. She does occasionally require rescuing, but she's also much more resourceful than any other woman in the serials I've watched so far. In Chapter 5, she'd rather die than talk to the Scarab's goons, and in Chapter 3, Gail shoots and kills a guy who's tailing Cap. At the end of the serial, after The Scarab's been defeated and Captain America receives a commendation for bravery, he makes a point to thank Gail, saying that without her help none of his actions would have been possible, which is a cool moment as well. ‘Captain America''s not exactly a feminist landmark, but it's a step in the right direction—one that a lot of comic-book movies made decades later would have trouble matching.
Further Thoughts: The subtitle of Joe Johnston's 2011 ‘Captain America' movie—‘The First Avenger'—feels particularly appropriate in light of the fact that Cap was actually the first Marvel character to make it to the silver screen. His serial not only predates the Marvel Cinematic Universe by about 60 years, it predates Marvel period ; in 1944, the company that published ‘Captain America' was still known as Timely Comics. Astonishingly, Cap was also the last Marvel character to star in a theatrically-released movie for more than 40 years, until 1986's ‘Howard the Duck.'
The fact that ‘Captain America' preceded a four-decade big-screen drought for Marvel suggests it must have been an epic disaster, one bad enough to scare away Hollywood for a very long time. But that's not true; this ‘Cap' certainly isn't on par with the sensational ‘ Spy Smasher ' two years earlier, but it's vastly superior to the boring, racist ‘ Batman ' serial from 1943. It's a tad formulaic and repetitive, but it has its moments.
The most baffling part about it is the way it completely disregards Captain America's origin story and mythology. This Cap dresses like the freedom-fighting patriot we all know and love, but the similarities to his comic-book counterpart basically end there. The serial's Captain America isn't Steve Rogers, he's “Grant Gardner,” a crusading district attorney. No mention is made of his famous backstory involving Super-Soldier Serum or Nazi saboteurs; in fact, no mention is made of any backstory period. He also doesn't seem to have any super-powers; his punches don't pack any extra wallop and Dick Purcell looks more like the scrawny CGI pre-transformation Chris Evans than a man who's been blasted with Vita-Rays .
Cap's signature shield is a no-show too. Even though his discus-like weapon had been well-established in the ‘Captain America' comics for years, (and despite the fact that the film's “Next Episode On...” title cards feature an image of Cap's original pointy shield), the serial never introduces it; instead, Cap relies on his fists and an ordinary pistol to mete out justice. It's honestly a bit of a letdown.
Republic Pictures
Given the fact that the very first issue of ‘Captain America Comics' from 1941 sported a cover that featured its title character socking Adolph Hitler in the jaw , it's also disappointing that the ‘Cap' serial is almost completely apolitical. The ‘Batman' serial turned the Dark Knight into a secret agent of the U.S. government; ‘Captain America' inexplicably avoids World War II entirely. Granted, it's nice not to have to cringe at its hero spouting despicable racial epithets, but a serial that featured Cap actually beating the crap out of Hitler could have been amazing. Alas.
Instead, Cap battles The Scarab, whose insidious organization looks an awful lot like the one headed by The Scorpion in ‘Adventures of Captain Marvel' (none too coincidentally, both ‘Captain' serials were co-directed by John English). The set-up and plot mechanics are nearly identical; an archaeological expedition to an exotic foreign land returns with priceless artifacts and technology that one of its members wants for himself. In ‘Captain Marvel,' The Scorpion's identity remains a mystery until the very last chapter; in ‘Captain America,' The Scarab is introduced as his alter ego, Dr. Maldor, right from the beginning, so the audience is ahead of the hero every step of the way. It's a nice change of pace, but it also makes Cap look a little stupid. It takes him four hours to figure out what the viewer already knows.
In fairness, Dr. Maldor's not exactly Einstein either. He doesn't connect Captain America and Grant Gardner, and then he's tricked by Gail Richards with a hilariously obvious ruse. In the serial's final chapter, Maldor kidnaps Gail and demands the name of a doctor that's coming to town to provide important medical help to a sick man. She gives him a fake name, Rodlam Baracs, which he immediately accepts at face value and passes along. A short while later, a man arrives at Grant Gardner's office going by the name of Dr. Rodlam Baracs, and Cap immediately knows that Gail is in trouble. He also realizes Dr. Maldor is The Scarab, because Rodlam Baracs backwards is “Scarab Maldor.”
That's a cool moment, except for one kind of enormous problem: Who the hell is named “Rodlam Baracs”? If you were an evil super-villain and a desperate woman gave you the name Rodlam Baracs in an attempt to stave off torture, would you buy it? Of course not, because you're not a moron.
Republic Pictures
So ‘Captain America' isn't the most clever serial, but it does have its fair share of hard-hitting action. There's a nice variety of fight locations too; in Chapter 5, Cap breaks into a box factory. In Chapter 2, he dukes it out in a barn and one guy gets impaled by a pitchfork! Dick Purcell's not the most dynamic action hero of the period, but he still commits pretty ferociously to all the punches, throws, and falls through breakaway furniture.
Sadly, Purcell died of a heart attack shortly after completing this serial at the age of 35. It was a tragic end for the man who originated the role of a nearly immortal hero (in the comics, Captain America's died and come back to life at least three different times). Purcell's Cap isn't the strongest or most physically fit, but there's something to be said for the human dimension he brought to the role. Today's superheroes are incredible specimen and their movies look remarkable, but the men of these serials have a vulnerability missing from their modern counterparts. It's easy for someone with the body of a demigod to put on spandex and fight crime. It takes a real man to do it with a beer gut.
The ‘Captain America' serial is currently available in its entirety on YouTube.
The Complete History of Comic-Book Movies Archive
- ‘Adventures of Captain Marvel' (1941)
- ‘Spy Smasher' (1942)
- ‘Batman' (1943)
Democratic lawmaker files articles of impeachment against President Trump
CLOSE A formal article of impeachment for obstruction of justice against President Trump. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. Buzz60
Well, it's happened: Despite the unlikelihood that Donald Trump would be impeached by a Republican-majority House, a Democratic lawmaker on Wednesday introduced articles of impeachment against President Trump.
Rep. Brad Sherman of California contended that the president should be impeached for his alleged interference with the FBI investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. According to former FBI director James Comey's testimony before a Senate panel, the president said he "hoped" Comey would drop the probe into Flynn during a one-on-one meeting.
"I believe his conversations with, and subsequent firing of, FBI Director Comey constitute obstruction of justice," Sherman said in a statement. "...The Constitution does not provide for the removal of a president for impulsive, ignorant incompetence. It does provide for the removal of a president for high crimes and misdemeanors."
Of the finding, Trump spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders, "I think that is utterly and completely ridiculous, and a political game at its worst."
To be clear, this resolution is unlikely to go anywhere in the House. Even now, Democratic Rep. Al Green of Texas is the only person who has stepped up to support Sherman.
Back in May, Green made a fiery speech on the House floor, calling for impeachment in the week after Comey's firing and after stories broke that the president had asked Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that Trump had disclosed classified information to Russian officials.
"It's a position of conscience for me," Green said on the floor at the time. "This is about what I believe. And this is where I stand. I will not be moved. The president must be impeached."
Read the articles here.
Contributing: David Jackson
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2uSQcML
Matt Smith and boy band One Direction will appear as guests on the BBC Three show, which will air after the 50th episode of the cult global hit is broadcast on BBC One.
LONDON – The BBC is going the whole hog for its celebrations surrounding 50 years of the hit show Doctor Who, with plans to air a live afterparty show complete with an appearance via satellite from L.A. by One Direction.
The public broadcaster said Friday it will air Doctor Who Live: The Afterparty on BBC Three live from London as soon as the credits roll on BBC One's The Day of the Doctor, the special 50th anniversary episode airing on Nov. 23.
PHOTOS: 'Doctor Who' at 50: Peter Capaldi and the 12 Men Who've Played the Doctor
Zoe Ball and Rick Edwards will get the afterparty started, with Matt Smith lined up to discuss the Doctor's latest adventure.
The BBC said previous doctors and their time-traveling companions also will turn up on the live show, which will include interviews, monster moments and fans around the world giving their reaction to the anniversary episode.
One Direction will join the party live from L.A. to wish the Doctor a happy birthday.
BBC Three controller Zai Bennett said: "The 50th anniversary is going to be a huge party for Doctor Who and we're delighted that BBC Three will be able to give the fans all the backstage access to the stars at the hottest ticket in town."
Commissioned by Pinki Chambers, Doctor Who Live: The Afterparty is exec produced by Mark Cossey and Phil Dolling.
It is produced by Russell Minton and made by BBC in-house entertainment and events.
Manila: The Philippines and the US have scheduled military drills next month in the South-East Asian nation, the US embassy in Manila said, days after President Rodrigo Duterte acknowledged that his country did need American troops in the South China Sea.
About 1400 US servicemen based in Okinawa, Japan, and 500 Philippine Armed Forces personnel will conduct an amphibious-landing exercise and live-fire training in multiple locations on the main island of Luzon and in Palawan, according to a statement on the embassy's website on Saturday. The nine-day drills, aimed at making troops better prepared to operate together during a natural disaster or armed conflict, are to start on October 4.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Credit:AP
Mr Duterte has sent conflicting messages about Philippine foreign policy and the nature of his nation's links with overseas partners since he was sworn in late June, sowing confusion at a time of rising concern about China's claims to most of the South China Sea. The former mayor last week acknowledged that his country needed American troops after earlier calling for the end of joint patrols in the strategic waterway. The US alliance with the Philippines has for decades been a bedrock of American influence in the region.
"Exchanging expertise and cultivating our longstanding security alliance provides a cornerstone for security and stability in the region, and has for decades," Brigadier General John Jansen, Commanding General, 3rd Marine Expeditionary Brigade, said in the statement.
Mr Duterte has proved to be unpredictable, as well as blunt and provocative, in his opening weeks in office, and has often made conflicting statements. These have included remarks on whether the Philippines intends to negotiate with China over territory in the South China Sea, a region in which Manila also has claims.
Bloomberg
Lensbaby is pretty much synonymous with creative tilt-shift lenses. Now they've announced the brand new Composer Pro II, which takes everything good about the original Composer Pro, and puts it all in a metal housing, and increases the possible tilt from 0-17.5° to 0-15°. The lens is available in basically every current mount that exists, and is also compatible with the other optic pieces made by Lensbaby, so you can get different looks without buying a whole new housing.
Here are the specs:
Covers Full-Frame 35mm
Nikon F, Canon EF, Micro 4/3, Fuji X, Pentax PK, Sony Alpha, Sony E, and Samsung NX Mounts
Compatible with Optic Swap System
Metal Body with Tilt from 0-15°
Flat Field Optic Creates Slice of Focus
Aperture Range: f/3.2 to 22
Manual Focus and Aperture Control
Minimum Focus Distance: 8"
Filter Diameter: 46mm
Internal 9-Blade Diaphragm
Weight: 10 oz
Price: $425
The Lensbaby optics might not be right for every situation, but they're definitely fun to use, especially for B-Roll or secondary shots of a subject where the background isn't the nicest. For more on this lens, and to check out how this tilt-shift effect actually works, check out the Lensbaby site here.
The lens is available to purchase right now at places like B&H.
Donald Trump still seems to be learning that there's a difference between talking tough toward multi-national corporations—like criticizing Apple for outsourcing jobs or threatening to cancel a contract with Boeing—and using his bully pulpit (and soon, the vast powers of the presidency) to single out civilians who cross him. On Wednesday night, Trump took his Twitter assaults to a whole new level when he attacked an Indianapolis union leader who challenged his claim that he had saved 1,100 Carrier jobs from going to Mexico, offering a troubling look at what life may be like for critics of the thin-skinned president.
At the end of last month, Trump and Mike Pence struck a deal with Carrier to prevent hundreds of jobs at two Indiana factories from moving to Mexico. Over the past week, the president-elect has pointed to the agreement as proof that he is already making America “Great Again” and has repeatedly boasted that he saved 1,100 jobs from leaving the United States. “I will tell you that United Technologies and Carrier stepped it up,” he told a crowd of Carrier workers in Indiana last week. “and now they're keeping—actually the number's over 1,100 people, which is so great, which is so great.”
But the thing is, the number isn't actually 1,100 jobs. Under the terms of Trump's and Pence's deal, Carrier parent company United Technologies will pocket $7 million in tax credits, in exchange for saving 730 production jobs and 70 salaried positions in Indianapolis. A total of 553 jobs are still going to Mexico and all 700 workers at the Carrier plant in Huntington, Indiana will lose their jobs, WTHR reports.
One union boss, Chuck Jones, decided to speak up, rather than let Trump get away with inflating the numbers.
Jones, the president of United Steelworkers 1999, told The Washington Post in an interview Tuesday that he had hoped Trump would explain to the Carrier workers the actual terms of the deal. “But he got up there and for whatever reason, lied his ass off,” Jones said. “Trump and Pence, they pulled a dog and pony show with the numbers.” Jones continues his criticism of the president-elect in an interview with CNN later Wednesday night. “What nobody is mentioning is that 550 people are losing their jobs,” Jones argued. “First of all, I appreciate Mr. Trump getting involved and saving as many people's livelihood as he did—so I don't think that can go without being said. I just wish that he had had the numbers down and he had been upfront with 800 people's job staying here in Indianapolis because we had a lot of our members, when the word was coming out of 1,100, they thought that they would have a job.”
Trump, who is rarely not monitoring CNN or other news networks, lashed out at Jones on Twitter just minutes later. “Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!” he wrote. An hour later, Trump ranted again: “If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues.”
Trump's fury, of course, had the unintended effect of turning Jones into media star and ensuring he remained on the air. “Well first of all, that wasn't very damn nice, but with Donald Trump saying that, that must mean I am doing a good job,” he told CNN in a follow-up interview, calling Trump's attacks “pretty low down and low life.” It also meant inciting the wrath of Trump's supporters, some of whom, he said, had threatened him. “I have been doing this job for 30 years, and you know, I have heard a little bit of everything—people wanting to burn my house down, shoot me, and everything else. So I take that with a grain of salt and I don't put a lot of faith in that,” he told MSNBC “I am not getting anybody involved . . . I can deal with people that make stupid statements and I will move on.”
Others were less sanguine about Trump's too-literal use of his bully pulpit. Former labor secretary Robert Reich, who appeared on CNN shortly after Jones, took a cue from former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, who has explained how she would “go on TV to communicate” with her candidate. “Let me just say, because Donald Trump is probably watching right now, let me just say with all due respect, Mr. Trump—you are president-elect of the United States. You are looking and acting as if you are mean and petty, thin-skinned and vindictive. Stop this,” Reich declared. “This is not a fireside chat. This is not what F.D.R. did. This is not lifting people up. This is actually penalizing people for speaking their minds.”
Trump, however, shows few signs of backing off his use of Twitter to communicate with his supporters and berate his enemies. Speaking with Matt Lauer on Wednesday, Trump defended his use of the platform when the Today host pressed him on the issue. “Frankly, it's a modern-day form of communication,” Trump said, describing himself as “restrained” online. “Between Facebook and Twitter, I have, I guess, more than 40 million people. That's a modern-day form of communication. I get it out much faster than a press release. I get it out much more honestly than dealing with dishonest reporters because so many reporters are dishonest.”
AutoGuide.com
We reported on Ford's investigation and potential recall of its 2011 and 2012 V6-engined Mustangs, which have developed problems with the 6-speed manual transmission. Now here's what they're actually like, as recorded by Ford customers.
The videos show an inability to grasp second or third gear with the clutch depressed. At speeds, the gears grind in 2nd and 3rd when the driver lets off the gas. When downshifting from 3rd to 2nd, the gear fails to grab at all. More dangerously, the transmission sometimes locks out upon acceleration at 70 mph, causing the rear end to lose traction. The 6-speed transmissions are all made by Getrag, which has supplied Ford for years.
V8 Mustang transmissions have a skip-shift feature, forcing drivers to shift into 4th on low acceleration to save gas. But these are V6-engined cars that don't carry the feature, and some of these cars have had their transmissions replaced once before. Some of these transmissions are bolted to new cars with just 5,000 miles; Ford has refused to honor the warranty the second time around, citing “abuse.” Lots of frustrated owners are sharing their stories—enough for Ford to conduct an investigation of their own, they hope. Click the jump to see more wanton acts of transmission “abuse.”
[Source: Mustang Source Forums]
Get the Flash Player to see this player.
Get the Flash Player to see this player.
Get the Flash Player to see this player.
Your uterus might. But as for other organs, probably not. That said, every surgeon performs a c-section slightly differently, and every delivery is unique.
In most c-sections, the patient's bladder and intestines are just moved aside – still within the abdominal cavity – so the surgeon can better see and reach the uterus.
In rare cases, the intestines may need to be temporarily lifted out of the patient's body if they were harmed during the surgery and need attention.
The uterus, on the other hand, is commonly brought at least partway outside the body after a c-section. "This allows the surgeon to better see the incision that was made in the uterus and ensure that it's repaired properly," says Catherine Hansen, assistant professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Texas Medical Branch Galveston.
The fallopian tubes are attached to the uterus, so if the upper uterus is brought outside the body, they are too. Some women who have scheduled c-sections opt to have their tubes tied right after their baby is born.
Seven months ago, the world began to learn the vast scope of the National Security Agency's reach into the lives of hundreds of millions of people in the United States and around the globe, as it collects information about their phone calls, their email messages, their friends and contacts, how they spend their days and where they spend their nights. The public learned in great detail how the agency has exceeded its mandate and abused its authority, prompting outrage at kitchen tables and at the desks of Congress, which may finally begin to limit these practices.
The revelations have already prompted two federal judges to accuse the N.S.A. of violating the Constitution (although a third, unfortunately, found the dragnet surveillance to be legal). A panel appointed by President Obama issued a powerful indictment of the agency's invasions of privacy and called for a major overhaul of its operations.
[...]
Considering the enormous value of the information he has revealed, and the abuses he has exposed, Mr. Snowden deserves better than a life of permanent exile, fear and flight. He may have committed a crime to do so, but he has done his country a great service. It is time for the United States to offer Mr. Snowden a plea bargain or some form of clemency that would allow him to return home, face at least substantially reduced punishment in light of his role as a whistle-blower, and have the hope of a life advocating for greater privacy and far stronger oversight of the runaway intelligence community.
There may be no Great Balancer of the interests at stake, but it is possible to describe some normative elements of the balance. We can identify more and less harmful forms of secrecy, better and worse reasons to withhold information from "we the people," and factors that heighten and diminish the case for disclosure.
I am short on time, so I'll sketch only a few. There are some reasons for secrecy that a self-governing people could never accept. One of them -- I have heard it offered many times -- is that the people will form the wrong views, or make the wrong choices, and therefore must not be told. It is antithetical to anything I call consent that government should assume such a power.
There are forms of secrecy that are more and less damaging to the project of self-government.
Simple secrets are those we know we don't know. We can leave room for that uncertainty as we form our views. A complex secret, the very existence of which is unknown, is harder to justify. It can have an impact that compares to coercion or fraud. In a used car sale, a simple secret is when the seller says he has another offer but won't disclose the terms. A complex secret is when the seller forgets to mention that the transmission fell out last week.
We can also distinguish honest and deceptive secrets. Churchill said the truth in wartime is so valuable that it must be “attended by a bodyguard of lies." I do not believe we can reconcile deception for our own good with any meaningful understanding of self-government. In principle, it is never acceptable.
The duration of a secret makes a difference. A fleeting embargo on information has far less impact on self-government than a secret maintained beyond a point of decision -- an election, for example, or the passage of a law to which the secret is pertinent.
There are easy questions of secrecy as well as hard ones. Sometimes strong security interests collide with weak public interests in disclosure. We do not publish the names of clandestine agents; future combat operations of the U.S. military; technical details that would enable defeat of U.S. weapons or defenses; or anything, broadly speaking, that puts lives at concrete and immediate risk.
At other times the mismatch of interests is reversed. The U.S. military almost never permits the whereabouts of its deployed units to be disclosed. That reflects a valid concern when a small force, for example, is operating behind enemy lines. It is far less so when the unit dominates its surroundings, is well known to those nearby and is garrisoned in a well-defended redoubt.
I am quite certain I do not speak for The Washington Post, but here are some personal observations about its practice. We seldom if ever agree to withhold information that exposes a government lie, even a well intended one. We give no special weight to preventing diplomatic embarrassment. We acknowledge no right of privacy for individuals acting in their capacity as government officers, and so their positions in internal debate are fair game.
As for the extremely politicized nature of the response – with support for Mr. Snowden coming largely from the left – Mr. Rosenthal said that, by rights, “conservatives should be the most outraged” because of the intrusion of government that they normally oppose.
The most heartening response, he said, was from readers who said that The Times's editorial “had forced them to sit down and really consider what they thought.” For some, at least, the editorial brought about “more textured thinking” on a difficult subject.
Like The Times's editorial board, I believe that Mr. Snowden has done the United States, and in fact, the world, a great service.
I agree wholeheartedly with this line in the editorial's concluding paragraph: “When someone reveals that government officials have routinely and deliberately broken the law, that person should not face life in prison at the hands of the same government.”
by digbyI'm noting all the usualamong the cognoscenti over the call for clemency for Edward Snowden this morning . I'm, as usual, fairly shocked that anyone thinks awould believe otherwise:That would be a sort of Ellsberg model, at least the part about spending his life advocating for greater privacy and stronger oversight of the runaway intelligence community. It's nice to see at least theeditors showing they understand their function in our democracy.This is not universally understood, obviously. Over the holiday there were plenty of examples of journalists and academics making assertions about Snowden that just aren't true. For instance, many of them seem to be under the impression that he still has documents and is doling them out piecemeal to papers around the world and they are publishing them blindly. According to Barton Gellman this is not true. He made it quite clear in this appearance on MSNBC that Snowden gave all the documents to the three journalists, Gellman, Greenwald and Poitras, and they have all been going through institutional news organizations with editors and lawyers and other journalists vetting the material in consultation with experts. Snowden has nothing to do with how the material is being released.As to the question of how journalists and news organizations make judgments about government secrecy, after having been contentiously challenged by the MSNBC host, Gellman tweeted out a link to the text of a talk he gave all the way back in 2003 on this subject. For those who do not understand thegive and take between government power and a free press in our democracy this lays it all out. Gellman basically describes a system in which nobody is truly competent to balance the twin needs of liberty and security on their own. Not the government, not the press, not the experts or the people. So we have come to strange accommodation that resembles nothing so much as democracy itself --- a terrible system except for all the others. We are organized in such a way that all these competing interests wrestle with one another for supremacy. It's sloppy and unsatisfying but nobody's yet come up with a better way to do it and frankly, I don't see what will. Humans are what humans are and the only thing we can do is hope that the balance is struck through a sort of trial and error. I'm ok with this. I don't trust individuals and I don't trust bureaucracies but I do sort of trust the idea that we can get it right most of the time if these competing interests do their jobs.Gellman's speech took place during the early days of the Iraq war. He talks about the Bush administration lies that got us into that war and his own contemporary reporting exposing those lies. Those stories were all based on leaks and classified documents obtained by reporters and published for the people to see. That happenedand in the perhaps legitimately more dangerous post 9/11 environment. Should thenot have published? Were we better off knowing this information? Did it result in a clearer picture of a government using it's "security and secrecy" power to advance an agenda dishonestly? I would strongly argue yes. Your mileage may vary. But I don't think we are any less safe because of those revelations. In fact, I think we're safer because we are much more skeptical of the "trust us" argument. I'm not saying it will or won't happen again, but in any case a free press is needed to push back if it tries.This is how a real journalist, acknowledging that the system we have for dealing with secrets is necessarily ad hoc and inelegant, thinks about secrets:That's what I thought journalism was. I guess I'm still gobsmacked that big time reporters and news analysts who seem to be on TV for hours on end every day think otherwise. I get why average people may not immediately understand the need for the press to be adversarial with the government on these issues but I will never in a million years get over the spectacle offailing to instinctively know this in their bones. But then a lot of these folks are of the Judith Miller school, reporters who think journalistic integrity means protecting the high level sources who leak lies and feed them talking points to dishonestly advance their agenda so I suppose it makes some sense.Margaret Sullivan, thepublic editor reports on the passionate response to the editorial. I'm pleasantly surprised by this aspect of it:That's good news, although I am anything but surprised that the right would fail to be outraged by government intrusion. Despite their constant caterwauling about freedom, they are authoritarians at heart whose only real concerns about government power have to do with their guns and their tax money benefiting people who aren't like them.Sullivan concludes:That's the upfront journalistic integrity that made me name her my choice for best columnist of the year.
Not long ago, Spanish professional basketball club Saski Baskonia has ventured into the esports sector. They did not hold back on anything and welcomed five divisions from the very beginning, thus becoming the first traditional sports club to own a multi-game esports organization.
Beşiktaş and VfL ​​Wolfsburg might have created the precedent, but Saski Baskonia decided to take it to a whole new level, dig a little deeper than League of Legends and FIFA, and sign contracts with players representing five popular esports: Dota 2, League of Legends, Hearthstone, NBA 2K, and FIFA. In partnership with Atlantis Esports, they created a multi-game esports organization – Baskonia Atlantis.
According to Baskonia, the Spanish esports market has experienced a 31% increase in 2014 – compared to the previous year, generating €763 million.
Ana Oliveras – Executive Director of Atlantis Esports – believes Baskonia's decision to take the plunge into esports might encourage similar expansions:
Personally, I think it is a natural transition that many people both locally and globally in the industry were expecting. This is undoubtedly a step that brings us much closer to professionalism for players in esports. (…) Seeing a club as prestigious as Baskonia decide to take the plunge and enter a world that is booming, can encourage other clubs to be interested in doing the same.
And it is precisely the professionalism Oliveras mentioned that gears Baskonia Atlantis up for growth. The organization's main objective is to give esports a professional character. Merely two weeks after getting the ball rolling, they have already taken the first step towards professionalism: their esports players are treated just like traditional athletes. Besides their usual training sessions, they benefit from regular physical check-ups, mental coaching and nutrition guidance.
DotaBlast talked to Ana Oliveras about the club's view on esports and their all-Spanish Dota 2 division.
DotaBlast: Baskonia Atlantis is somewhat of a pioneer in the esports scene. Could you tell us a couple of words about this venture?
Ana Oliveras: Atlantis is the first esports club to sign up a union with a club from what we know as the traditional sports, such as Baskonia. We have seen before sports clubs that made their first incursion in the esports scene by sponsoring a League of Legends team – like Beşiktaş from Turkey did, or by supporting two FIFA players – like Wolfsburg from Germany recently did. However, the model we have presented is indeed breaking new ground. Atlantis is the first esports club with different divisions that merges with a traditional sports club.
DotaBlast: We have noticed Baskonia Atlantis is trying to integrate certain aspects that are more common to traditional sports. Is it true that your staff includes nutritionists and physical trainers?
Ana Oliveras: It is true that we have a group of professionals from the traditional sports world – nutritionists, physical trainers, mental coaches – to give us support and help us with the different areas, so that we have a group of complete athletes. Not long ago, we put together the first assembling of the whole Baskonia Atlantis club – with all the squads. The players had their introductory talks with the professionals and their first physical check-up. We are now going to have a follow-up online. Besides, we will have other meetings throughout the year and continue to work together face to face.
DotaBlast: What can you tell us about the Baskonia Atlantis Dota 2 division?
Ana Oliveras: The team has been proclaimed Spanish champion a couple of weeks ago and some of the players took the championship title on previous occasions with different lineups. Aldebaran finished second at Dreamhack Valencia 2012, back when he was a part of ASES Esports Club and played the Grand Finals against Fnatic.
DotaBlast: Are you going to keep the Dota 2 squad all-Spanish or are you open to international transfers?
Ana Oliveras: We would like to showcase abroad the talent we have here, in Spain, with our current lineup. However, we are open to adding international players, if needed.
DotaBlast: Did the players sign any contracts with the club?
Ana Oliveras: The figures are confidential, but of course we have our own contracts with the players and everything we do as we advance is in favor of our players, in order to keep them at a professional level. Professionalism starts with the attitude – a part we also want to help our players with, as there are no regulations in that direction in the esports world – and we are convinced it's very much needed.
DotaBlast: Where can we see the Baskonia Atlantis Dota 2 team compete in the near future?
Ana Oliveras: We want to participate in as many tournaments as possible. We will for sure compete in the JoinDOTA League, the Gigabyte Challenge, and the Paysafecard tournaments.
DotaBlast: What are the team's objectives for the 2015-2016 season?
Ana Oliveras: We would like to get back into Tier 2 and do our best in the various cups, leagues and competitions we will participate in. Of course, we would love to prepare ourselves for next year's International qualifiers.
Baskonia headquarters and facilities
Click on the pictures to open the gallery.
Baskonia Atlantis Dota 2 team
Sergio “SerVa” Luna
SerVa – a 23 years old player from Badajoz, Spain – is an experienced carry who has been playing for the Spanish organization e-Star in the past. He now serves as the Baskonia Atlantis Dota 2 teams captain.
Considered one of the most dedicated Spanish players, SerVa is able to train for hours on end. His goal: to become one of the best players in the Spanish Dota 2 scene. His favorite heroes are Invoker and Storm Spirit.
Enrique “Guito” González
Guito (24 years old, from Madrid, Spain) is characterized by the Baskonia Atlantis club as quiet, friendly, dedicated and respectful. He was previously a part of team e-Star, together with Sergio “SerVa” Luna, and also played for Team Thug (TT), Aprender Dota 2, and Dynasty Esports.
Guito plays support and is one of the most respected Dota 2 players in Spain, having won four championship titles throughout his career. His favorite heroes are Silencer and Vengeful Spirit.
Alberto “aldebaran-” Reolid
One of the Dota 2 Spanish veterans, aldebaran- started his professional career in 2002, alongside Enrique “Guito” González. He played for team e-Star, with Guito and SerVa, and was also a part of clubs such as Giants, Wizards and ASES.
The 26 year-old Spanish player from Madrid is known for his ability to control the game and create space. In Baskonia Atlantis, aldebaran- plays support and acts as SerVa's counterpoint – quiet, meticulous, but powerful.
Jaume “Argoniur” Torner
The 19-year-old from Castellón is the newest addition to the Baskonia Atlantis Dota 2 squad – a young and promising mid player.
Argoniur's favorite heroes are Templar Assassin and Skywrath Mage.
According to datdota.com, Jaume “Argoniur” Torner played 50 competitive games, with a 58% win-rate.
Julio “LaVel” Bravo Ferrer
The Baskonia Atlantis offlaner, 22-year-old Julio “LaVel” Bravo Ferrer from Sevilla is the team's in-game leader and a key player.
Characterized as cold, determined and composed, LaVel was previously a part of Spanish teams such as Giants, Steva, Aprender Dota 2 and The Sacred Clan Once. His favorite heroes are Nature's Prophet and Mirana.
Carlos “Axineas” Pérez
Carlos “Axineas” Pérez is the team's coach/manager.
About Saski Baskonia
Saski Baskonia is a Spanish professional basketball club that was founded in 1959 as the basketball section of Club Deportivo Vasconia. They entered the spotlight in 1971 and later emerged as a major force in Spanish basketball, in the 1990s. Baskonia advanced to the Euroleague Final Four in 2005, 2006, 2007, and 2008. The club has a history of building some of the most competitive teams in the world and is always considered a top candidate for Euroleague.
Sumner Redstone, 93-year-old chairman emeritus of Viacom, is stepping down from the media giant's board, the company said Friday.
Redstone, the controlling shareholder of Viacom and CBS, will leave the board in February following the company's annual meeting, but he will continue to participate in meetings in a nonvoting role, according to a Viacom filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Last February, the CBS board announced his resignation as executive chairman and appointed CEO Les Moonves as his successor. A day later, Viacom named Redstone chairman emeritus and CEO Philippe Dauman as his successor as executive chairman.
After a fallout with Redstone and his daughter, Shari, Dauman agreed in August to leave Viacom.
Redstone assumed his role as executive chairman of CBS and Viacom after the separation of the latter in 2006. Prior to that, Redstone served as chairman of the board of Viacom since June 1987.
Redstone's privately owned National Amusements is the largest shareholder in Viacom and CBS.
The news comes after the company the Redstone's put a stop to the Viacom-CBS merger. In a letter to both companies boards, Redstone and his daughter, Shari, said the companies should continue on independent paths.
The filing also came two days after Redstone's 45-year-old ex-girlfriend, Sydney Holland, said in court papers that he had given out millions of dollars to multiple women who had given him sexual favors.
Redstone's legal team called the allegations "a work of fiction punctuated by not-so-subtle threats of extortion and an overwhelming stench of greed."
Viacom is set to have the meeting on Feb. 6 at its headquarters in New York.
On Saturday, Team USA put the finishing touches on the roster it will bring to Rio de Janeiro later this summer for the 2016 Summer Olympics. Kyrie Irving has agreed to join the roster, per ESPN's Marc Stein, rounding out the 12-man group that'll be defending the Americans' gold medal. The roster was shortly confirmed on Monday.
Many of the choices for managing director Jerry Colangelo and head coach Mike Krzyzewski, who's coaching in his last Olympics, weren't easy to make. With lots of key players opting not to participate this year, including LeBron James, Stephen Curry, Russell Westbrook, Chris Paul and Anthony Davis, Team USA had to dig deeper into its player pool than we usually see. There were some surprise picks in addition to the complete no-brainers.
Still, even without so many key names, the roster that Colangelo and Coach K put together for Rio looks pretty darn good. The Americans will be the clear favorites in the Olympic tournament once again, a testament to the country's massive talent advantage even when so many stars aren't playing. And for those participating, it'll be a special opportunity to represent the U.S. on one of the sporting world's biggest stages, and hopefully win another gold.
Here's the full Team USA roster for the 2016 Summer Olympics:
Draft Day
Written by Steven Panzarella(@ProCreateSteve)
The Short: Draft Day may not be the perfect film but football fans will geek out at what seems to be an inside look to the NFL's second biggest event. Kevin Costner manages to charm but is overshadowed by his fantastic supporting cast and a wonderfully topsy-turvy story that will leave you guessing until its conclusion.
Draft Day had me feeling both excitement and anxiety towards the first NFL backed major motion picture. It was a blacklisted script by two first time writers with a comedy director in Ivan Reitman (Ghostbusters) at the helm and an actor (Kevin Costner) leading a film that probably would have suited him better 15 years ago than it does now. While Costner may not have been my first choice to lead Draft Day he does give a fairly good performance as Cleveland Browns GM Sandy Weaver Jr. Draft Day takes place over the course of a 12 hour period, Sandy Weaver Jr might be the GM of the Browns but he has pressure coming from all different directions, his demonstrative owner wants to make a splash (a terrific turn from Frank Langella), his troublesome head coach wants to adhere to his plan on forming the team (Denis Leary), and his girlfriend and the teams salary cap expert (Jennifer Garner) is not pleased about Weavers response to her being pregnant. Weaver also has pressure coming from players and impending draftees including starting QB Brian Drew (Tom Welling) who is coming off an injury filled season, and outspoken draftee Vontae Mack (The fantastic Chadwick Boseman) who help add more pressure to Weavers draft decisions. The best part about Draft Day is an excellent piece by the filmmakers keeping the viewer totally in the dark about what Weaver and company will do next until right as it happens. It allows Ivan Reitman to ratchet up the excitement of a movie that really could have been fairly boring.
Ivan Reitman does not make many films these days; his last was 2011's No Strings Attached so for a guy who had only done Sci-fi comedies and romantic comedies it looked like a nice change of pace. Reitman's direction creates exciting phone conversations between Costner's Sonny Weaver Jr and other NFL General Managers as they fight to do what's best for each franchise. Reitman adds style to Draft Day keeping the film from getting too deep into the NFL lingo and at least giving non-Football fans an opportunity to understand why this day is so important. Draft Day is based off the script from two newbie writers Rajiv Joseph and Scott Rothman, the script found its way on to the black list (The yearly countdown of the top unmade scripts in 2012). Following that the film was picked up by Ivan Reitman Entertainment and quickly put into development before Summit Entertainment swept it up for a 2014 release.
Draft Day's script is filled with sports jargon that could possibly confuse a non-NFL fan and its dialogue was successful in large part thanks to the cast but the story itself is well written and put together by Joseph and Rothman. The script is actually one of the aspects of Draft Day that I considered less than stellar, the dialogue given to Denis Leary and Frank Langella would have missed its mark if it weren't for the poise of the guys saying the lines. It does not help that Jennifer Garner (Dallas Buyers Club) is almost emotionless throughout the film, for a character going through a lot at the moment she is extremely calm and stone cold. Garner also lacks the chemistry with the much older Costner that could have added a bit of fire to the relationship between the two co-workers/love interests.
Draft Day won't be winning any awards this year but I do consider it an above average sports film and for an NFL fan it is fantastically thrilling. Once you've invested 30 minutes into these characters the rest of the film is carried by the sense of urgency for Weaver Jr to get this thing the right, and for me the sense of just wanting to see those guys in Cleveland find some success. You almost wish Draft Day could have revealed how the team actually does but if Draft Day finds success I'm sure Game Day won't be far behind(Hopefully not).
Grade- B
Comments
Since the beginning of the design process, our goal has been to make the course a green oasis in the middle of an urban industrial area. Excellent hole separation provides an unexpected visual scale to the layout, and serves to emphasize long views and showcase the stunning Manhattan skyline.
The course features maximum variety with an equal mix of par three, par four and par five holes. Landing areas are generous and visible and most greens have collection and chipping areas to receive slightly off line approach shots.
Hole 1
Hole 2
Hole 3
Hole 4
Hole 5
Hole 6
Hole 7
Hole 8
Hole 9 Hole 1 – Par 4, 346 Yards Panoramic views from the tee complexes and a long view of the distant Freedom Tower from the turn point of the right to left dog leg emphasize the design concept. The hole is relatively easy as befits an opening hole, but the views are spectacular. Hole 2 – Par 3, 200 Yards The par three second holes turns back to the northwest and is set against the background of the Skyway, the Hackensack River and the distant power station on the far bank. It is a medium length hole with a larger than average green with bailout on the left. Hole 3 – Par 5, 517 Yards Play turns to the southeast and slightly downhill. It is an attractive double dog leg par five with one of the best views on the course from the first landing area to the green. Better golfers will be tempted to go for the green with their second shot but a slight miss could prove costly. Average golfers will get great satisfaction in making par. Hole 4 – Par 3, 130 Yards The shortest par three on the course challenges players with a smaller than average green with a collection area to the right. Hole 5 – Par 4, 459 Yards The strongest par four on the course will confront players as the course turns back towards the clubhouse. Carefully designed mounding and planting along both sides of the hole give visual separation and focus the golfer's attention on the task at hand. Hole 6 – Par 5, 532 Yards This par five hole plays alongside Duncan Avenue and parallel mounding direct the golfer's view toward the smallest green on the course. Going for the green in two is an ever-present choice on this short par five, but the green complex is small and will temper the thought. Hole 7 – Par 4, 365 Yards This short, yet demanding, hole runs parallel with State Highway 440. The landing area pitches downhill toward the green, resulting in a difficult approach shot to a bean shaped lakeside green guarded by a deep front bunker. Hole 8 – Par 5, 523 Yards The par five will stick in the minds of those who play it as natural areas require a long and visually intimidating carry off the tee. Players that successfully navigate the tee shot will follow the hole to the deep but narrow green. Hole 9 – Par 3, 175 Yards This par three plays parallel to the Hackensack River and enjoys wide views across the river to the west. It is a medium-length hole with a deep green guarded on the left by a long bunker.
We believe that the quality of golf provided by The Skyway Golf course will result in a regular following, and become an integral part of the golf scene in New Jersey and New York.
Swing easy and enjoy!!
Course Rating and Slope
Black Tees 35.7/142
Gold Tees 34.7/135
White Tees 34.1/118
Blue Tees 32.7/111
Green Tees 34.1/112
"It's fine. Go away. I'm fine. I can do it. Go away, leave me alone. I can do it myself." And sure, I could do it myself. I gave up my sleep to give the baby hers. I wiped up vomit with one hand while holding a writhing, wet, sneezing body with the other, having not properly washed myself since yesterday. I carried an aching back and the bewildering burden. But I didn't have to. There he was, the man I married, the father of our child, ready, able, willing to be exactly what he should be; my partner. And there I was, stopping him. Preventing him. Pushing him away. Why? Because accepting his help would be like admitting defeat. "Never depend on a man."
My mother's mantra. The foundation of a philosophy that had brought me a lot of success, but now threatened to destroy me, and my marriage, and the beauty I wanted to give to my child. I am the daughter of an incredible feminist woman. She was there as the second-wave washed over Aussie uni campuses. She marched, she wrote, she helped see unedited, uncensored photographs of female genitals published for the sake of sexual health and equality. She was an affirmative action officer in the mining sector and stripped nudie-calendars from the tea-rooms of far-flung coal pits. Equality was at the heart of my mum's philosophy, not female supremacy. But so much of feminism then was filtered through the prism of war. The patriarchy needed to be crushed. Some believed the men supporting it needed crushing too. Indeed, as in war, some engaged in the pursuit of revenge. My mum, though, was not, and is not, anti-men. Not intellectually in any case. However there were times when emotion coloured her view (she's human – we all are). And certain personal experiences perhaps added an unspoken addendum to that most influential message. "Never depend on a man." (Because they will only let you down).
This message seeded deep in my psyche. It took root, and grew into a defining aspect of my character. I grew up believing, as a good third-wave feminist should, that girls can do anything. And, thanks to mum, I knew I didn't need a man to achieve my goals. And I didn't want a man who'd frustrate them. And my goals were simple: Finish school, establish a career, conquer the professional world, have many lovers, be bound to no-one, and wind-up knocking about an extraordinary house cackling over cocktails with my endearingly eccentric, similarly single girlfriends. A husband and children wasn't part of the picture. Partly because I saw marriage as a battle and I didn't want to lose. And partly because I believed it would mean giving up my freedom. But then I met my husband, and I realised marriage can be a partnership, and love can be liberating too. And then we decided to have a baby, and I thought of it as a happy addition to our lives, not a subtraction from our happiness. And she is. And she will be. But we've given up so much. I've given up so much. My body, my job, given over to her. And while I'm close to ending breastfeeding, and reclaiming my body, my primary job remains my daughter. And it's a job that isn't remunerated. So here I am, depending on my husband to pay our mortgage. A dependence I find hard to bear now, but even harder during those early, wearing months. Months made a great deal worse for not letting myself depend on my husband for all of the other, vital help he was offering. Emotional support, physical support – taking care of the baby so I could take care of myself – these were all the things women had been crying out in need of well before women's liberation. And I had them. So I should have enjoyed them. Not rejected them to the point of ruin. I won't say that feminism is wrong because it absolutely isn't. I won't say my feminist mother is wrong because she absolutely isn't.
What I will say, is this: The "never depend on a man" brand of feminism that thrust me into strong, independent womanhood also failed me savagely. Now, I realise we must learn dependence to understand independence. Not knowing how and when to depend on a man, or anyone else for that matter reflects an injurious shameful selfishness. It's a selfishness that will destroy you. It's the selflessness that we need.
Share. id Software's Hugo Martin and Marty Stratton reflect on Doom's development. id Software's Hugo Martin and Marty Stratton reflect on Doom's development.
2016's Doom, after a years-long production that saw id transition from what was known as Doom 4 to the game released last year, released to critical and commercial success. And the team behind the game certainly sees more life left in that refresh of the classic shooter franchise.
“We left ourselves a really, really amazing canvas and a lot of colors to paint with going forward,” Doom co-director Marty Stratton said to IGN during DICE 2017 in regard to whether id software is interested in new projects or continuing to explore this new iteration of Doom.
Doom co-directors Stratton and Hugo Martin could not announce or confirm any new projects during DICE, but the two did note the studio's continued support of last year's game via multiplayer DLC.
Exit Theatre Mode
“I think the DLC we did for multiplayer is, it's definitely the best of the multiplayer stuff that's out there,” Stratton said. “We are sticking with the multiplayer, we've got some things that we want to still do and give players.
“We try to keep a close eye on what people are talking about, it's going to be hugely informative as we go forward with just about everything,” Stratton said.
The team kept the audience in mind throughout production, the co-directors explained, reflecting on their desire to craft a story that respected its audience while still trying to surprise them.
“How do you make a game where it says Doom on the box and everybody already knows what the story is,” Martin said. “There's no mystery to doom, so how do you make it compelling?”
Exit Theatre Mode
Keeping Things Meta
The answer lied in a self-aware narrative — a game that "knew it was dumb" and "celebrated the fact that it was really kind of stupid," Hugo Martin explained.
The co-directors and their team looked to a number of self-aware or "efficient" pieces of art, particularly films like Robocop, Evil Dead, Michael Clayton, and The Last Boy Scout, all of which inspired Stratton and Martin while crafting Doom and its narrative.
“You're trying not to insult the audience's intelligence,” Stratton said, pointing to the game's opening where Doom Slayer tosses aside a computer monitor as the system spouts exposition. “The best way to not insult their intelligence and to do something smart was to actually be completely obvious and super silly about it.”
Finding that tone was one clear way Martin and Stratton's team crafted a project they felt worthy of the Doom name, which was no easy feat considering the long road the game took. After the game that was colloquially known as Doom 4 ceased to be, id's Tim Willits told IGN that the project "didn't have the passion and soul of what an id game is."
Combat Is Key
Martin and Stratton said there was never just a single point, however, at which they found the "soul" of 2016's Doom. Instead, “it was lots of clicks,” Stratton said — and one such moment early in development was when the team integrated glory kills.
“That definitely was an internal hook of, this little loop of combat is super fun," Stratton said. "That was a moment of clicking and there were probably a thousand more moments after that as we made little deviations.”
Each of those moments, those clicks, came in part because of the cohesive approach the id team took to development.
Exit Theatre Mode
“The same people working on the story worked on the levels worked on the combat,” Martin said. “We didn't have separate departments. It's a very collaborative work environment… All the parts come together to make a whole, and they all feel like they're complementing each other.”
“It was a game to be played, not a game necessarily to be made,” Stratton said.
And the final game continues to be played, with recent paid and free updates, as well as honored for its achievements — Doom was one of several winners at this year's DICE Awards.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush.
Texas man facing murder charges for the beating death of his boyfriend in Austin
According to an arrest affidavit, Bryan Canchola was taken into custody on Friday morning following a domestic dispute that left his boyfriend, Stephen Sylvester, dead. According to an arrest affidavit, Bryan Canchola was taken into custody on Friday morning following a domestic dispute that left his boyfriend, Stephen Sylvester, dead. Photo: Travis County Jail Photo: Travis County Jail Image 1 of / 38 Caption Close Texas man facing murder charges for the beating death of his boyfriend in Austin 1 / 38 Back to Gallery
The bludgeoning death of an 18-year-old Austin man at the hands of his lover was purely fueled by alcohol, a friend of the couple who was with them the day before said in a phone interview Monday.
Bryan Canchola, 20, is facing a first-degree murder charge after police say he beat his boyfriend Stephen Sylvester, 18, to death early Friday morning at their West Campus apartment following a night of drinking and an argument over infidelity, according to an arrest affidavit.
Lesley Leibol, a coworker of Canchola, told the San Antonio Express-News that the couple had been together about two months and that violence had not been a part of their relationship prior to Friday.
"They argued but they were always little relationship arguments, but everything was always fine," Lesley Leibol said. "They were completely fine Thursday."
RELATED: 10 things to know about Sandra Bland's death at a Texas jail
Canchola called Austin police early Friday morning and told them he and Sylvester had been arguing, and that Sylvester was unconscious in their three-bedroom apartment on West 26th street with an injury on the back of his head, the report said.
Autopsy reports found bleeding on Sylvester's brain, a bone fracture in his neck, multiple bruises on his face and body and “possible bite marks” on his left forearm, ultimately determining the cause of his death to be head trauma, the report said.
The couple shared the apartment with William Landry at the GrandMarc Apartment complex, according to the affidavit.
According to Landry, the altercation between the couple began on Friday morning around 4:13 a.m. after the couple returned from bars on 4th street in Austin, when he heard screaming, shouting and banging from the couple's room.
Landry exited his room to check on the situation when he heard Canchola scream “Why would you cheat on me?” Shortly after, both exited the room in a shoving match when Landry asked both to calm down – both apologized and returned to their room before the fighting ensued again, this time involving the Yorkshire Terrier belonging to Sylvester, the affidavit said.
RELATED: Texas high school basketball star gets probation in roommate's beating death, hopes to play again
Landry told police he could hear Sylvester screaming to let the dog go, with the dog yelping, the affidavit said. After forcing himself into the room, Landry noticed blood spattered on the wall and blood pouring down the back of Sylvester's neck and decided to take him to the hospital.
Canchola punched Sylvester in the face and threw beer bottles and drinking glasses at Landry and Sylvester as they left to University Medical Center Breckenridge, according to the report. Shortly after checking in, Sylvester left the hospital without notifying Landry, or getting medical attention.
RELATED: 1 of 3 charged in teen's beating death agrees to guilty plea
Out of fear that Sylvester returned to the apartment to continue to resolve the conflict with Canchola, Landry went to a neighbor's apartment to call 911 at 5:49 a.m.. Approximately 30 minutes later, Canchola called 911 to report that he and his boyfriend had been fighting and that Sylvester was bleeding from the back of his head, and unconscious, the affidavit said.
When officers arrived, they noticed a lack of blood on Sylvester's body and believed that it may have been cleaned, the report said.
Additionally, the affidavit said the Yorkshire Terrier, which Canchola had earlier threatened to kill, had sustained injuries consistent with strangulation and that Canchola had changed clothing while EMS tended to Sylvester's body.
About 10 minutes after calling police, Canchola texted his stepdad saying he was “scared, in trouble and did not know what to do,” the document states.
Canchola is currently at the Travis County Jail with his bond set at $500,000.
One woman close to Sylvester set up a GoFundMe account to finance his funeral.
MMedina@mySA.com
Twitter: @MariahMedinaaa
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte (R) is shown the way by Chinese President Xi Jinping before a signing ceremony held in Beijing, China, October 20, 2016. Reuters/Ng Han Guan/Pool
BEIJING - President Rodrigo Duterte returns home from China on Friday with an estimated $24 billion in investment and loan pledges, after a crucial visit that restored to normal level the relations between Manila and Beijing.
These include at least $5.5-billion for transportation and infrastructure, $1 billion for a hydroelectric power plant, $700 million for a steel plant, and $780 million for a port development project in Davao City that are expected to generate 2.6 million jobs.
The visit was "highly successful in renewing friendship and economic relationships," Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez said, describing the pledges as "Parang gripo yan na nabuksan (It's like opening a faucet)."
Bank of China has committed $3 billion for a credit line for Filipino businesses, including small and medium enterprises, said Francis Chua, chairman emeritus of the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
Duterte met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday and said relations that have been strained by disputes in the South China Sea have entered "springtime."
While in Beijing, Duterte also announced a "separation" between the Philippines and its long-time ally, the United States.
Aside from the trade deals, China also lifted an advisory to its citizens on travel to the Philippines, lifted restrictions on Philippine exports, and agreed to restore diplomatic and defense dialogue.
The agreements that will be signed before the President leaves Beijing for Davao City late Friday are:
-- Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) worth $3 billion between MVP Global Infrastructure group and Suli Group Ltd. to build cabling manufacturing facilities
-- MOU worth $2.5 billion between China Railway Engineering Corp. (CREC) and MVP Global Infrastructure group
-- MOA between Greenergy Development Corp. and Power China Guizhou Engineering Corp. for the development of the 300MW Pulangui-5 Hydro Project worth $1 billion
-- Agreement between Zonar Systems and Power China Sino Hydro for a nationwide island provinces link bridges for sustained development worth $800 million
-- MOU between Mega Harbour Port and Development, Inc. and China Harbour Engineerig Co. Ltd. (CHEC) for the Davao coastline port development project worth $780 million
-- Memorandum of agreement between Global Ferronickel, Inc. and Baiyin International Investment Ltd. for a $500 million to $700 million steel plant
-- MOU between Sino Hydro and Zonar Construct on the Pasig River Marikina River Manggahan Floowdway bridges construction projects worth $600 million
-- MOU between Mega Harbour Port and Development Inc. and CCCC Dredging Company (CDC) for the Cebu International and Bulk Terminal Project worth $328 million
-- Agreement between One White Beach Land Development Corp. and Sino Hydro for the Ambal Simuay Sub-river Basin of the Mindanao river basin flood control project worth $325 million
-- Letter of investment between Zhuhai Granton Bus and Coach Company for a $300-million manufacturing facility
-- Strategic cooperation agreement between Manage Resources Trading Corporation and SIIC Shanghai International Trade Hong Kong for a $200 million steel manufacturing plant
-- Cooperation agreement between SL Agritech Group and Jiangsu Hongqi Seed Co. Ltd. worth $160 million to produce hybrid rice for two million hectares of rice fields
-- MOU between R-II Builders, Inc. and China Harbour Engineering Co. Ltd (CHEC) for the $148-million Manila Harbour Center Reclamation Project
-- MOU between Philippine State Group of Companies, Yangtse Motor Group Ltd. and Minmetals International (HK) Ltd. for the $100-million EDSA bus program
-- MOU for joint development projects worth $100 million in renewable energy, major infrastructure and real estate between Colombus Capitana and China CAMCE Engineering Co. Ltd.
-- MOU between AVLP Asia Pacific Conglomerate, Inc. and the Shanghai Xinwo Agriculture Development Co. Ltd for a $100-million for a banana plantation project
-- MOU between TBEA Xinjing Sunoasis Co. Ltd, Trademaster Resources Corp. and Servequest Inc. for renewable energy.
Hundreds of paintings were damaged in an early-morning London fire Wednesday that left a distraught art gallery owner calling 911.
Artisan's Alley owner David O'Dell awoke to a 4 a.m. call from his security company, telling him a window had been broken at the Richmond Street building where he's operated his gallery and framing business for more than 30 years.
After rushing to his business and finding it filled with smoke, he called 911.
Hours later, he watched as firefighters removed artworks from the three-storey building at 430 Richmond. “It's pretty much all been damaged, either by water or by smoke, not by fire though,” he said of his inventory of several hundred pieces.
O'Dell and his wife, who's in Europe caring for a relative, have operated the gallery since 1984. The couple have a gallery on a portion of the building's main floor and a workshop on the second floor.
“The fire was mostly on the second and third floor,” said O'Dell, adding the upper floor is vacant.
Fire inspector Ryan Dick said crews were called to the scene at 4:45 a.m., but saw no smoke or flames.
Firefighters entered the building and found a blaze in the back portion of the second floor, he said.
Police closed a stretch of Richmond between Dundas Street and Queens Avenue for several hours.
A damage estimate wasn't immediately available, and cause of the fire was still under investigation, Dick said.
The building also houses Macro Foods on the main floor. Specializing in ready-made meals, the company said on its website it's closed for unexpected repairs to its kitchen and won't fill orders again until April.
Neighbouring businesses pitched in to offer assistance to O'Dell, helping to care for the art after firefighters removed it.
“Everyone's been very, very good,” he said.
London Music Hall owner Mike Manuel opened up his neighbouring building to temporarily store the art.
“A lot of it is safe, thank God,” Manuel said as he moved paintings.
The yellow-brick building, located on the north side of Richmond, was home to The London Free Press from 1868 until 1931. The newspaper kept several offices there until moving to its current location on York Street.
dcarruthers@postmedia.com
twitter.com/DaleatLFPress
A vehicle passes by the building at 432 Richmond St., just to the north of The Free Press building in 1927. For several years it occupied both 430 and 432 Richmond Street. (Ivey Family London Room, London Public Library, London, Ontario, Canada)
Sport fans want more than just sports these days. (Jeff Chiu/AP Photo)
In a provocative long piece published this Sunday, my colleague Marc Fisher explained why the future of baseball, long considered America's pastime, looks so grim. Kids aren't playing baseball as frequently as they used to. Nor are they watching it as often as they once did. Audiences are getting older and older each year.
But not all sports are failing to connect with millennials, who make up the fastest-growing segment of the population. In fact basketball looks particularly poised for success.
Football remains the most popular sport in this country in terms of overall TV ratings. But the average age of people who are watching football is rising, whereas the age of basketball viewers has remained remarkably stable, suggesting that even as basketball fans age, new younger viewers keep tuning in. Over the past decade, the average viewer of ESPN's professional basketball broadcasting hasn't budged at all—it's been 37 years old since at least 2004. The average football viewer, however, has climbed from 43 years old to to 47. For baseball it has been even worse—it has gone from 46 years old to 53.
But it isn't merely the National Basketball Association's ability to attract the youth to television sets around the country that bodes well for the future of the sport. Basketball has also proved to be popular on newer platforms like Vine and Snapchat, where short clips and highlights are shared, in a way other sports have not. At the very least, people have been more eager to post basketball videos and view them. A cursory search on Vine shows that just under 100,000 videos have been posted with the tag NBA, while fewer than 50,000 have been posted with the tag NFL, and fewer than 15,ooo with the tag MLB.
And in general, the league and its stars tend to be active users of social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, often showing off their style.
"Young basketball stars today are ingrained in culture and fashions and life in a way that the stars from other sports here are not," said Darren Rovell, who covers the business of sports for ESPN. "People talk about Russell Westbrook's glasses and Dwyane Wade's shoes. When you look at the numbers in terms of most Twitter and Instagram followers, the NBA blows other sports away."
An analysis of the top grossing athletes in the world by Forbes last year showed that 18 of the top 100 were basketball players, who together had more than 150 million followers on Facebook. Twenty, meanwhile, were baseball players, who collectively had fewer than 13 million followers. And the 13 football players who cracked the top 100 highest paid athletes didn't even eclipse 10 million followers when they were added together.
Even the NBA's official Twitter account has more followers (13.8 million) than the NFL's (10.8 million) and the MLB's (4.3 million). The National Hockey League (NHL), for those who are wondering, has 3.3 million followers on its official Twitter account.
"Young kids have an insatiable appetite to know what's going on off the court or field, and the NBA has been much better about feeding that," said Rovell. "NBA players, whether they understand it or not, are providing the kind of content millennials want."
The NBA's new broadcasting deal—which is worth $2.6 billion per year and runs through the 2024-2025 season—is a testament to how bright basketball's future looks right now. And this is going on even though the teams in the NBA's biggest media markets are doing terribly this season (see: the New York Knicks and the Los Angeles Lakers).
But while basketball might be poised to succeed in a world where sports leagues chase younger, more finicky viewers, the key to capitalizing on its favorable audience and comparatively large and active social media presence will likely be figuring out how to monetize the two down the road, when sports rely less on traditional channels and more on alternative, new forms of engagement. What exactly that will look like is yet unclear, but it's not hard to envision a time, not too long from now, when millennials' can chew on the kinds of bite-sized broadcasts they seem to value.
"In your Twitter feed, it's going to say 'two minutes left in so-and-so game, click now for a dollar to watch the end,'" Rovell said. "That's where the real money is down the road. And it's going to happen sooner than you think."
Real estate mogul and potential presidential candidate Donald Trump continued to stir controversy today when he demanded that all illegal immigrants should be removed from the WWE Hall of Fame, in which Trump is also enshrined.
“They took jobs from hardworking American wrestlers,” said Trump during a press conference this morning.
More from Kayfabe News
“Either the immigrants are removed from the Hall of Fame, or I will remove myself — and nobody wants that!”
Trump insists that a number of beloved Hall of Famers — particularly Tito Santana, and Mil Mascaras, and Eddie Guerrero — entered the United States without proper documentation and were therefore “illegal foreign objects.”
“They lie, they cheat, they steal,” said Trump. “Is that the kind of example we want to set for our children?”
Trump said that, if elected US President, he will build an enormous wall around Stamford, CT, and only American-born wrestlers will be permitted to enter WWE headquarters to sign with the company.
Beautiful Fall weather is starting to arrive, and Redstone Arsenal's Oktoberfest is just around the corner (September 17-20)!
I think that makes this the perfect time to get excited about local Fall beers!
Here's what our Huntsville and Madison breweries want you to know about the beers they have slated to release in the upcoming months.
Gravel Road
Cream Ale
5.5% ABV
Available in the restaurant starting September 1
Be on the lookout for Below the Radar to introduce more Fall beers soon, with recipes created by their new brewer!
Oktoberfest
Helles-Marzen
6.0% ABV
Currently available in 6-pack bottles in Craft Beer Stores and on draft.
Hoptoberfest
India Pale Lager
6.0% ABV
Available in bombers and on draft, early October.
Chocolate Oatmeal Porter
Robust Porter
6.0% ABV
Available in bombers and on draft, mid-October.
5th Anniversary Wet Hopped Triple IPA
Imperial IPA
11.0% ABV
Available in bombers and limited draft locations, early October.
Export Stout
8.0% ABV
Available in bombers and on draft, mid-September.
Imperial Stout
Russian Imperial Stout
13.5% ABV
Available in bombers and limited Draft locations, mid-September.
Yam I Am
Pumpkin/Yam Beer
Available in draft only, late September.
Gnarly Gourd
Seasonal Pumpkin Ale
Available in draft only, mid-September
Brew Stooges Sour (name TBD)
Earthy Style, mid-level brett, little lactic bite
Available on draft only, late September.
– BEER FACT –
Brewing beers using Brettanomyces (or “brett”) is fairly new in the American brewing industry (though it has been an important part of the beer industry in Belgium for centuries).
This strain of yeast gained popularity in America in the last decade when it was used to impart distinctive flavors into Belgian style ales, but has since been used to form entirely new styles of beers! Beers made with brett have unique flavors, frequently described as “barnyard”, and often have sour notes.
The new Old Black Bear location (in Downtown Madison) is almost completed! Look for new beers on draft in the OBB taproom later this fall, and stay tuned for news about their grand opening party!
Dark Matter
Belgian Dark Strong
10% ABV
Steam Pumpkin
Pumpkin Spiced Ale
6.3% ABV
Happy Birthday to Rocket Republic! They celebrate their 2nd Birthday this month and will release both these beers at their Birthday Bash on September 12.
Das NutFest
Oktoberfest Ale
6.2% ABV
Their take on a refreshing fall style, brewed as an ale. Available on draft in September at limited locations (served at Redstone Arsenal Oktoberfest).
Coffee Dahkness
Coffee Stout
7.2% ABV
Salty Nut's Dahkness stout revamped as a fall style with a limited amount of this special coffee stout done in collaboration with the Wild Bean Coffee Co, a new Huntsville coffee food truck.
Available in the tap room and limited draft locations in mid-September.
Too Nice Yams
Sweet Potato Ale
7.0% ABV
This brew should remind you of a pumpkin pie! Available in the tap room and limited draft locations in late September
Redstone Oktoberfest
German Style Lager
5.5 %
Available NOW in 22 oz bombers in craft beer stores and on draft in the taproom and other draft locations.
Olde Towne Pumpkin
Pumpkin / Spiced Ale
5% ABV
Available in 22 oz bombers at craft beer stores, and on draft in the taproom and other locations, mid-September.
Monte Sano Maibock
German style Maibock
7% ABV
Available in the taproom and other draft locations, mid to late September.
Tobacco Road
Imperial Amber
9.4% ABV
Available now in 12 oz 4-packs and draft.
Frankenhammer
Belgian Dark Strong, aged on Cherry Wood
9.2% ABV
Available October 1 in 22 oz bombers and draft.
Bride of Frankenhammer
Belgian Dark Strong aged in wine barrels (with added cherries)
9.4% ABV
Available in the Tap Room and limited draft locations, October 31.
5th Anniversary
Dark Smoked Saison with Sweet Orange peel,
8.4% ABV
Available in the Tap room and limited draft locations, mid-October.
With at least 15 different styles coming out of Madison County this Fall, there's sure to be something for everyone, so there's no excuse to not buy local on your next beer shopping trip!
WEST VALLEY CITY — Shaun Cowley is a West Valley City police officer again.
Whether the embattled detective will actually be given a new assignment or kept on "administrative leave" was not immediately known Wednesday. But Cowley said he is ready to report for duty.
The surprising turn of events came hours before a disciplinary hearing was scheduled to begin Wednesday.
Cowley was fired in September of 2013 for allegedly violating department policies. He appealed that termination, saying he was being made a scapegoat for the department's tarnished image. But on Wednesday, West Valley City Attorney Eric Bunderson filed a motion to dismiss its case against Cowley's appeal, opening the way for him to be reinstated.
The city was unable to come up with documents needed for Cowley's disciplinary hearing, according to Bunderson's motion. Because of that, the city could not go forward with its case defending the decision to fire him.
Cowley's attorney, Lindsay Jarvis, said those documents are actually the police department's rules and regulations. Specifically, Jarvis wanted the department to provide her with a written copy of the policy that her client allegedly violated. She said that she and the courts have been asking for a copy of those policies for two years, but the city couldn't come up with it. Jarvis contends that's because it doesn't exist.
"Quite frankly, West Valley's police administration has withheld evidence from us for a period of two years," she said Wednesday. "They alleged that Shaun violated policies and procedures which do not exist.
"The judge ordered them to supply the manual which applied to Shaun's particular violations and they can't come up with it."
Cowley was charged last year with criminal manslaughter in the death of Danielle Willard, 21, during a 2012 undercover drug operation. However, the charge was dismissed by a judge during a preliminary hearing last October.
West Valley City fired Cowley from the police force after its Neighborhood Narcotics Unit disbanded because of officer wrongdoing that included misplaced or mishandled drugs and money, keeping "trophies" from investigations, improper use of confidential informants and using GPS tracking on vehicles without a warrant.
Cowley was part of that unit and West Valley Police Chief Lee Russo at the time said Cowley's behavior was "so egregious" that he decided to fire him. That decision, he said, was not based on the Willard shooting.
Cowley stood beside Jarvis outside the police department to announce they are pleased that the battle to get his job back is now over. She advised him not to speak to reporters Wednesday, but reiterated that her client became the department's patsy and that his job was unlawfully taken from him. She also had strong words for some of the city's administrators.
"There are a lot of emotional issues in play. You have a police department that is now pointing fingers at one another as to who was withholding evidence. You've got a city manager that's probably nervous about his job. You've got a public that is now concerned about officer Cowley who they have ripped apart and now he's a police officer again. And so there is a lot of upset people in this city," she said.
"Shaun was the scapegoat for a department that got caught with some allegations of corruption. And rather than accepting fault for that this department, as far as the administration goes, has some problems. And quite frankly, Chief Russo is nothing more than a puppet that keeps this problem going."
West Valley City released a brief statement Wednesday saying it made the right decision to fire Cowley:
"As the case regarding the termination of Shaun Cowley by West Valley City has moved through the legal process, some key pieces of evidence in the case have been excluded by the hearing officer. As a result of these developments, the city is no longer able to move forward with the case as it stands. The city still believes that it was reasonable and appropriate to terminate Mr. Cowley. We are now exploring our options as to what the next steps are in this process."
While Cowley may have his job back, Jarvis said he and city are still miles apart in deciding how much money is owed to him. She believes he is eligible to collect all the money he didn't receive since September of 2013.
The city believes that amount is approximately $104,000 in wages, according to Jarvis. But Cowley believes he is entitled to wages plus all benefits, including vacation and sick leave, which would put the amount closer to $200,000. Jarvis described the settlement discussions so far with the city as "insulting."
A hearing regarding wage settlement is scheduled for Monday.
President Trump Set to Address the Nation Monday Evening on Afghanistan and South Asia
President Trump is set to address the nation Monday evening regarding Afghanistan and South Asia. This follows his weekend meetings at Camp David.
A statement from the Press Secretary reads:
“President Donald J. Trump will address our Nation's troops and the American people tomorrow night at 9:00 p.m. (EDT) from Fort Myer in Arlington, VA, to provide an update on the path forward for America's engagement in Afghanistan and South Asia.”
NEW: President Trump to address the nation Monday night on Afghanistan and South Asia pic.twitter.com/uAGDzsOwHE — Trey Yingst (@TreyYingst) August 20, 2017
.@mikeallen: “White House announces Trump to address nation on Afghanistan tomorrow at 9:00pm from Fort Myer in Arlington, VA” — Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 20, 2017
Politico reported on commentary Sunday related to Afghanistan touching on Mattis' feelings related to the new Afghanistan strategy:
“Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Sunday he is satisfied with how the administration formulated its new Afghanistan war strategy. But he refused to talk about the new policy until the particulars are disclosed by President Donald Trump. ‘I am very comfortable that the strategic process was sufficiently rigorous,' Mattis said, speaking aboard a military aircraft on an overnight flight from Washington to Amman, Jordan.”
Let's all hope some of the Bannon anti-war sentiments stay at the forefront of the President's mind.
Back before I gave up on the beat, I used to write quite a bit about abuses of the H-1B program, particularly by technology companies who exploited the program and foreign-born workers for cheap labor. Why did I give up? Covering the issue became a waste of time, because the government wouldn't actively investigate the program, and a mere shouting match between nativist anti-H-1B activists and the program's supporters is only interesting for so long when there are no new developments. But this past Thursday, there was, at long last, a real development: a federal grand jury indicted 11 people in six states for using the H-1B program to commit immigration fraud, and specifically for violating prevailing wage laws.
"What we found here is that some folks have found some ways to make misrepresentations to the government that disadvantage American workers who did not have the opportunity to apply for the real jobs that existed," US Citizenship and Immigration Services official Michael Aytes told CNN-IBN.
All 11 of those indicted were Indian nationals who worked for Vision Systems Group, and there are at least five other companies under investigation.
An Iowa US Attorney involved in the case told BusinessWeek that the government is only "at the tip of the iceberg" with these initial investigations and expects to uncover much more fraud.
If even half of what I heard from programmers during my H-1B coverage days was true, then not only is there plenty of fraud to investigate, but some of the biggest names in technology have been guilty of abusing the program to varying degrees at different times.
The most common abuse scenario goes something like this: a company looking to hire a low- or mid-level programmer posts a job advertisement containing some patently ridiculous set of qualifications, like 20 years of Java programming experience (Java hasn't even been around that long) and a Ph.D. in computer science. Upon getting no responses, the company applies to the federal government to fill the position with an H-1B worker on the grounds that it can't find any qualified Americans. Having hired the H-1B worker, the company may pay him less than the advertised wage, or it may offer him no benefits, or his working conditions may be poor, or some combination of these and other factors, yet the immigrant worker sticks it out for a set number of years in hopes of getting a green card.
But the bigger problem with this kind of H-1B abuse isn't necessarily that the immigrant workers are exploited—many of them are quite happy in their US jobs, even if their wages are lower and they have no benefits. Rather, the program (anecdotally) has a second-order, negative effect on American programmers' wages, and therefore on the overall attractiveness of the profession for high school and college graduates. I described how this may work in a 2006 article using a slightly contrived and un-nuanced example:
Let's say that an H-1B-free labor market has set a price on a year's worth of work from a programmer with a bachelors degree and two years experience at US$35,000 + $12,000 (benefits like health insurance for a family of four) = $47,000. Now let's say that companies acquire the ability, via the introduction of the H-1B program, to import foreign labor of comparable quality. The average imported worker is willing to provide the same work for $35,000, but instead of benefits she wants health insurance for herself only ($3,000/year) plus a green card. Thus the promise of a green card to the H-1B worker is valued by the market at $9,000/year, and you can and must factor this in to account for the H-1B employee's total compensation. The cost of the green card to the employer is much less than the cost of the American worker's insurance coverage, plus the foreign worker is obligated to work for the employer for a set period if she wants to get the promised green card. This is a win-win for the employer and the H-1B worker, but not for the American employee, to whom the green card is worth exactly US$0. The American has been priced out of the market because the H-1B will sell her labor at what amounts to a steep discount in exchange for a green card.
When the H-1B program is used properly, it's a great way to increase America's global technology competitiveness. By enabling American companies to tap the best and brightest workers from foreign labor markets, we can bring even more of the world's money back to America and create more American jobs in other corners of the labor market, for a net gain in employed citizens. But when the program is abused, it can have precisely the opposite effect by making the affected fields look less attractive to bright and ambitious Americans, some of whom may opt for non-tech career paths with better compensation prospects.
Let's hope that in this present period of a shrinking job market and falling wages, the federal government takes a very close look at the H-1B program to ensure that it's working as designed. The current crackdown is an encouraging start, but if it adds momentum to a protectionist backlash against the very existence of the H-1B program, then that would counter-productive—a "reverse stimulus," if you will, and at a time when we need every edge we can get.
The Obama administration approved “excessive” pay for top executives at General Motors Co. and Ally Financial Inc. even as the two companies were falling behind on repaying taxpayers for being rescued after the Wall Street collapse, the bailout watchdog concluded in a report released Wednesday.
In a scathing rebuke, the special inspector general that oversees Troubled Asset Relief Program spending said the Treasury Department's office of the special master — also known as the pay czar — is ignoring President Obama's own stated goal of limiting salaries for executives of companies that took bailouts.
Eleven executives of Ally, the onetime financing arm of the country's biggest automaker, made at least $1 million more than comparable executives at similar companies, the inspector general said. The inspector general said not only does that suggest poor priorities for taxpayers' money, it warned that higher payments could contribute to the same short-term financial thinking that caused the 2008 Wall Street collapse in the first place.
“The pendulum in OSM's pay decisions has swung too far in the direction of keeping companies competitive, without regard for the fact that the reason to keep companies competitive is so that they can repay taxpayers in full,” investigators concluded. “But GM and Ally were not repaying taxpayers in full. Rather, taxpayers have suffered billions of dollars in losses on those TARP investments.”
Their report serves as a particular admonishment for Mr. Obama, who campaigned on corporate accountability, promised to crack down on the bad actors who spawned the Wall Street crash and specifically called for limits to salaries of executives from companies that took part in the bailout.
Mr. Obama in 2009 famously criticized bailed-out companies for refusing to ease credit for troubled borrowers in the wake of the bailouts, saying, “I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street.”
Treasury Department officials, in their response to the report, said they believe they are following the law. They also argued that, overall, the federal government has recovered all of the taxpayers' money used to bail out the seven companies aided in the wake of the collapse: American International Group, Bank of America, Chrysler LLC, Chrysler Financial and Citigroup, in addition to Ally Financial and GM.
Six of the companies have been released from TARP oversight, leaving only Ally and its executives' pay under scrutiny of the Treasury Department.
“Pay packages for the top 25 employees at each of those companies have been restricted so long as the company remained in TARP. Only one of the seven companies remains under OSM's jurisdiction, and taxpayers have recovered $25 billion more than was originally invested in the companies,” said Special Master Patricia Geoghegan, the pay czar.
She said the inspector general's report “unfortunately contains many inaccuracies and omissions.”
Mr. Obama had called for executives' cash salaries to be limited to $500,000. The inspector general reported on nine GMs and six Ally executives in 2013 whose cash pay exceeded that level.
When stock options were added in, the inspector general found one Ally executive was paid more than $5.6 million, while the median market pay for that position was just under $3 million.
All told, auditors listed 30 employees across the two companies who were overpaid in 2013 to the tune of $22 million.
Beyond the dollar amount, the investigators said the Treasury Department was approving compensation packages that rewarded riskier corporate behavior.
In the case of Ally, the pay czar in 2013 gave only “a tiny” portion of pay in long-term restricted stock tied to long-term corporate success. There was no bother with any such compensation in 2014, the investigators said in the report.
“Eroding reforms coming out of the financial crisis could have the dangerous effect of allowing companies to end up in the same place that required reforms in the first place,” the inspector general said. “Should this nation face the possibility of a future bailout, strong limitations on executive compensation on this still-existing TARP bailout could have a deterrent effect on companies asking the government for federal dollars. No one employee, no matter how valuable to his or her company, is important enough to risk weakening a deterrent to future bailouts.”
The inspector general and Ms. Geoghegan traded statistics and calculations for executive pay in justifying their decisions and conclusions.
The inspector general said both Ally and GM were in arrears to taxpayers — GM to the tune of $8.2 billion at the time of the 2013 pay decisions. The Treasury Department disputed those calculations, though, saying that when stock sales were included, the seven special bailout cases took $352 billion in total assistance and have returned $25.5 billion more than that to the government's coffers.
For Ally specifically, the government invested $17.2 billion and has gotten back $650 million more than that. The government's remaining shares in Ally are also valued at nearly $1.8 billion, the Treasury Department said.
Ms. Geoghegan also said that over the last five years, her office rewrote pay packages so that they are primarily stock-based and limited executive perks and fringe benefits.
She also said Ally's CEO hasn't received a raise since he joined the company in late 2009, and average cash compensation for the top 25 executives is 4 percent below median cash salaries for executives at similar companies.
Both Ally and GM shareholders also have overwhelmingly approved the compensation packages for the companies' executives in the past few years, suggesting they are comfortable with the levels.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The entertainment industry is brimming with interesting people who are responsible for your favorite movies, TV shows, and more. Join Vox's critic-at-large Todd VanDerWerff every Thursday as he speaks with the very well known, up-and-coming and need to know folks responsible for the most exciting projects in art, entertainment, and pop culture – diving deep into their influences, inspirations, and careers in a frank, uncensored fashion. Produced by Vox and the Vox Media Podcast Network.
Ryan Murphy is one of the most influential TV producers in the history of the medium. He's won Emmys for series like Glee and The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, and with American Horror Story, he invented the now ubiquitous anthological miniseries -- where each season of a TV show tells a different story with a different cast. But he's also increasingly one of the most powerful people in the television industry pushing for better diversity and representation behind the camera. In this episode, Todd and Ryan talk about breaking into show business, working in Hollywood as a gay man in the 1990s, his diversity initiative, and the stories behind his newest series, the upcoming FX drama Feud.
Many women in Africa are vulnerable to HIV A major trial of a vaginal microbicide has produced no evidence that its use reduces the risk of HIV infection in women. The gel, PRO 2000, is intended for use before sexual intercourse to help reduce HIV infection. It was tested in a trial involving 9,385 women in four African countries. The risk of HIV infection was not significantly different among women supplied with the gel than in women given a placebo gel. This result is disheartening
Dr Sheena McCormack
Medical Research Council It was hoped microbicide gels would prove to be an effective way to limit the spread of HIV, as experts admit that condom promotion alone has not controlled the epidemic. New ways of curbing the spread of HIV are badly needed, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, where nearly 60% of those infected with the virus are women. Women are often forced to take part in unsafe sex, and are biologically more vulnerable to HIV infection than men - so in theory a gel they could apply themselves could be effective. A previous, smaller trial suggested PRO 2000 could reduce the risk of HIV infection by 30%. But the latest study, carried out by the Microbicides Development Programme, a not-for-profit partnership of 16 African and European research institutions, failed to find any positive effect. And the researchers say the trial was large enough to provide conclusive results. The women who took part were given the gel together with free condoms and access to counselling about safe sex. Important result Lead researcher Dr Sheena McCormack, of the Medical Research Council, which part-funded the study, said: "This result is disheartening. "Nevertheless, we know this is an important result and it shows clearly the need to undertake trials which are large enough to provide definitive evidence for whether or not a product works." Professor Jonathan Weber, from Imperial College London, who also took part in the study, said: "It is unfortunate that this microbicide is ineffective at preventing HIV infection, but it's still vital for us as scientists to continue to look for new ways of preventing HIV. "Now that we know this microbicide is not the answer, we can concentrate on other treatments that might be."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Re: Controversial U of T professor making nearly $50,000 a month through crowdfunding, July 4
Controversial U of T professor making nearly $50,000 a month through crowdfunding, July 4
I recently joined Patreon simply to hear Jordan Peterson's lectures and support his cause.
For the many fans of Ayn Rand, Peterson is a modern-day Howard Roark as demonstrated by his new initiative to create and build an alternative to the government-owned and operated university system where studies in the humanities are concerned.
I am proud to support him and plan to champion his efforts as a perfect example of how entrepreneurs can bring real value to the education market on a pay-as-you-go basis, and do not need a central bureaucracy to bring outstanding options to our citizens. His example points the way to a future society where free speech cannot be harnessed by the few and supported by the many.
SUNDAY 6 AM, 4TH UPDATE: Welcome to one of the slowest weekends at the domestic box office. The movie season is off to a weak start – just $70M total filmgoing. Yes, that's +20% over last year but only because of higher ticket prices and more 3D premiums. And no don't blame this on some outages at online ticketseller Fandango on Saturday – because the studios aren't. It doesn't help that Hollywood once again is determined to churn out unnecessary sequels and threequels.
#1 – In this case, blame Vin Diesel who now owns the Riddick role and is keeping the $38M independently financed sci-fi franchise on life support. He leveraged a lot of his own assets because he loves this galactic ex-con character or hopes to earn more coin from it or both. Universal released in 3,107 U.S. theaters while eOne Entertainment is distributing in Canada. The R-rated pic opened mediocre with $7.3M Friday and $7.1M Saturday for what Universal says is a mediocre $18.6M weekend (but Hollywood estimates at $19.2M). it opened on 314 IMAX screens in North America, delivering about $2.5M. That's after earning a middling ‘B' CinemaScore from audiences and grossing an unimpressive $900K from Thursday night's domestic late shows and Friday's midnights. Even though this actioner had this first fall weekend all to itself, it took in only 1/2 what the original made and 1/3 what the sequel earned. The 3rd installment clearly didn't expand beyond core fanboys since the outlaw character hasn't been featured in a film in 9 years – although it's been in a succession of DVDs and video games. Exit polls showed the audience was 59% male/41% female, 47% under age 30/53% age 30+, and 37% Hispanic/31% Caucasian. Written and directed (again) by David Twohy, produced (again) by Ted Fields, and starring Diesel (again), Riddick follows 2000's Pitch Black which earned $39.5M and then 2004's The Chronicles Of Riddick whose bloated budget made $57.8M gross. Diesel has been both savvy and stupid behind the scenes of this pic. When Universal wanted him for a cameo in The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift, he asked for the rights to the Riddick character instead of an acting fee. Diesel and Twohy tackled the script problems and went into production on the threequel. When a completion bond fell through, Diesel personally advanced funds until bank loans were secured. Eventually Universal came back in with an equity position but also insisted on a PG13 rating. Diesel fought the studio for an R rating – and the result is more bone-crushing and blood gushing violence. Oh joy. As Diesel told interviewers pre-release: “There's something appropriate and liberating and honest and free about going into a picture like this, and being able to make it a rated-R picture and not have to comply with an understandable studio mandate of PG filmmaking for the blockbusters.” (Is it any wonder that half of America hates Hollywood?) Now Riddick's international release is being handled by various independent distributors and opens this weekend in 22 overseas markets including the UK and some European countries, Hong Kong, and the Middle East. Hopefully it'll gain traction there for Vin.
#2 – Lee Daniels' The Butler (3,330 theaters) from The Weinstein Company finally drops out of the top spot. It placed #2 with $2.3M Friday and $3.9M Saturday. That's $8.2M-$8.9M for the weekend and a $91.3M-$91.9M cume in Week 4.
#3 – Warner Bros/New Line's 5-week-strong laugher We're The Millers (3,445 theaters) made $2.2M on Friday and $3.6M Saturday for a $7.9M weekend and $123.8M cume.
#4 – Lionsgate's Spanish language holdover Instructions Not Included (717 theaters) made $1.6M Friday and $3.3M Saturday which is off only -20% from last weekend. That's a $7.4M weekend for a $19.6M cume. With word of mouth spreading due to its ‘A+' CinemaScore, Instructions Not Included expanded its U.S. run to target crossover audiences. Made for a $5M budget and acquired by Pantelion Films, the family comedy was the big story coming out of Labor Day Weekend at half as many locations for the best-ever domestic debut for a Spanish language film. Pantelion Films is a joint venture between Lionsgate and Mexico's media powerhouse Televisa with plans to release 8-to-10 films per year.
Concert movies are always front-loaded so no surprise that Sony/TriStar's holdover One Direction: This Is Us dropped from #5 to #6. Here's the rest of the Top Ten based on weekend estimates:
5. Planes (Disney) Week 5 [Runs 3,033] PG
Friday $862K, Saturday $2.0M, Weekend $4.1M, Cume $79.1M
6. One Direction: This Is Us (TriStar/Sony) Week 2 [Runs 2,735] PG
Friday $1.6M, Saturday $1.8MM, Weekend $4.0M (-74%), Cume $23.9M
7. Elysium (Sony) Week 5 [Runs 2,241] R
Friday $887K, Saturday $1.4M, Weekend $3.0M, Cume $85.0M
8. Percy Jackson: Sea Of Monsters (Fox) Week 5 [Runs 2,045] PG
Friday $519K, Saturday $1.1M, Weekend $2.3M, Cume $59.7M
9. Blue Jasmine (Sony Classics) Week 7 [Runs 1,069] PG13
Friday $655K, Saturday $1.1M, Weekend $2.3M, Cume $25.0M
10. The World's End (Focus Features) Week 3 [Runs 1,520] R
Friday $697K, Saturday Weekend $2.2M, Cume $21.7M
In the Nightmare Kitchen Rivka Galchen
Kafka: The Early Years by Reiner Stach, translated by Shelley Frisch
Princeton, 564 pp, £27.95, November 2016, ISBN 978 0 691 15198 4
Born in 1928, Maurice Sendak grew up in Brooklyn, the child of Polish immigrants. On the day of Sendak's bar mitzvah, his father learned that his family in Poland had all been killed. ‘And I was having the big party at the colonial club, the old mansion in Brooklyn,' Sendak recalled. His mother told him that his father wouldn't be able to come to the party. So Sendak went in and screamed at his father; he said he had to attend; his father attended. In telling the anecdote in interviews years later, Sendak described looking at his father's face during the singing of ‘For He's a Jolly Good Fellow' and recognising that he had done something very bad. ‘What did I know? This 13-year-old ersatz man. Trying to handle 15 cheap Parker pens.'
Children are mostly wrong, but also superior to us. Reading Reiner Stach's Kafka: The Early Years, I found myself thinking often of Sendak. Maybe this is only because I read too many children's books too many times, and such rereading makes Kabbalah from anything. Or maybe, more tendentiously, because Sendak and Kafka were both secular Jews whose Jewish upbringing is visible in their work. But also: Sendak is a writer whose art comes from holding on to the intelligently correct perspective of childhood. Sendak's wild things were modelled, he said, on the yellow teeth and bloodshot eyes of his Polish refugee aunts and uncles who would come over at weekends, terrifying him with kisses and hugs: ‘We'll eat you up – we love you so!' In the Night Kitchen is a dreamscape in which nude Mickey is nearly baked in a cake by Hitler-moustached chefs whom he later pleases by flying his plane into a bottle of milk and pouring milk in the batter. I had never before thought of Kafka as a writer whose vision was especially related to childhood – no one has ever been tempted to call him Prague's Blake – but I do now see something of that. It seems worth noting that the only corner of literature as densely populated with characters who are (or once were) animals is children's literature, though Soviet literature under Stalin is also, arguably, a contender. What do those books know?
Kafka: The Early Years is the third and final volume of Stach's landmark biography.[*] In the introduction the translator, Shelley Frisch, explains that The Early Years was written last rather than first because Stach was waiting for papers in Max Brod's keeping to make their way out of a 39-year Jarndycean legal fog.[†] So this volume is the first biographical work on Kafka that has had access to the three volumes of Brod's diaries, as well as the rest of the literary estate, whose detailed inventory is described as running to 170 pages. Don't be carried away: there are still no home movies (though there are some details of Kafka's own visits to the movies, even down to a mention of Charlie Chaplin's The Kid, which Stach surmises Kafka missed). There's almost no juvenilia, just one entry in a friend's poetry album, written when Kafka was 14: ‘There is a coming and a going,/A parting and often no – meeting again.'
The Early Years does teach us that young Kafka often went ice-skating: sometimes on the frozen Vltava river, sometimes at a skating rink. Yet, Stach points out, ice-skating almost never appears in Kafka's notes or fiction. Which is nice to notice. I'm not being facetious: Stach often does quietly brilliant work connecting known details of Kafka's youth to the older Kafka, so the reader can see how events appear (or don't) in the specific subjectivity of Kafka's recollection. We learn what stuck, and what didn't, in the odd glitter-on-glue project of remembered experience.
Consider this anecdote about the six-year-old Kafka. His parents decided to send their bilingual son to a German elementary school rather than a Czech one. Stach explains that ‘there were nationalistically motivated bullies even among the youngest children, on both sides' and that to get to the German school, Kafka would have to pass the Czech one, and so Kafka's parents, fearing fights among the children, decided that young Franz would be walked to school by the family cook; being escorted was a norm at some schools in the city, but not the one to which Kafka went.
Steve Mascord looks at the potential for the Nines game to be spread around the globe and whether it could be the key to the game's worldwide expansion.
BY STEVE MASCORD
It must be January – we are debating the pros and cons of Nines Rugby League again.
At one point, we were told, Super League teams were to be invited to the NRL Nines in Auckland, which are being held at Eden Park on February 4 and 5. That isn't happening – it's the 16 Australasian teams only and the timing was evidently too hard for northern hemisphere sides – but things don't have to change in order for them to still cause a kerfuffle.
Penrith Panthers general manager of football, Phil Gould, has once again hit out at the concept, calling it a “money making venture for outside promoters who use our NRL-contracted players without compensation for injuries”.
Interestingly, while the NRL Nines, financed by Duco Events and the local government in Auckland, makes millions of dollars every year and earns each club a share of A$3.7 million in prize money, the Rugby League International Federation found little interest in staging an equivalent competition when it shopped the idea around.
A Nines circuit, like Rugby Union's Sevens, is seen by many as an ideal property for the RLIF but it has decided on a Federation Cup – 13-a-side – instead.
The reason, according to RLIF chief executive David Collier is that the “RLIF tested the market re a Nines event but there was limited response.
“The Tier One nation would like a nine event to be trialed in 2019 and, assuming the board agree, we shall tender that option.”
The reason Nines is such a hit at club level and a much harder sell at international level is self-evident – in the established Rugby League countries, the clubs are much better known and those clubs are also reluctant to release players to national teams, as England have just found out regarding the aborted pre-season training camp. No matter how much we would like to pretend otherwise, we are a club-based sport.
Nines can help us become an international-based sport, however. The dichotomy here are that Nines benefits Rugby League much more when we involve teams other than the NRL and Super League pros.
The two great benefits of truncated versions of any sport are: one, sides which are at a lower level than their opponents are more able to compete and two, it's easier to raise a team in a “frontier” areas when fewer players are required. Nines tournaments in places like South America and eastern Europe are not novelty competitions - many teams can't actually raise 13 players.
Having our fulltime pros from Rugby League crazy areas play Nines is like giving a voucher for a discount coffee to a billionaire– it's kind of wasted on them.
What we have to do is to find a way to parry the success of the NRL Nines into the establishment of a World Nines circuit that can benefit the RLIF and extend the careers of many Super League and NRL stars while also giving the sort of players who just trialed for the Toronto Wolfpack a stage on which to show their wares.
The opportunity to do so should come up in 2018/19. Auckland's five-year contract with the NRL expires and during the current off-season, its chairman John Grant has said there are other cities around the world bidding for the tournament.
Let's remember that like Rugby Union Sevens, Rugby League Nines is as much a social event as a sporting occasion. People go there to have fun and outside a handful of cities, the audiences won't know or care which players are taking part and which aren't
The NRL and RLIF need to work hand in hand to use the bidding process of the former's property to create new properties for the latter.
Although this degree of co-ordination often seems beyond us, we should be able to offer an international Nines event to everyone who misses out on the NRL tournament in 2019 and beyond, then gradually increase the size of the circuit each year.
During a segment examining the complaints lodged by a group of photojournalists relating to how the White House manipulates public accounting of events by blocking independent photography, an MSNBC panel tore into President Barack Obama's handling of relations with the press. One guest shocked the anchor when he asserted that Obama is the “most hostile” White House in American history when it comes to press freedoms.
The segment began with Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank observing that a number of photojournalists have protested this White House's decision to block photographers from independent media outlets from getting the best shots in favor of White House-approved photographers. He noted that this practice can be construed as an effort to attempt to manipulate public opinion.
“Let's use the ‘P' word here: it's propaganda,” said syndicated columnist and former White House reporter Bob Franken. “Every administration tries to manipulate the press, but this is the most hostile to the media that has been in United States history.”
“The reason I say most hostile is because of the Justice Department moves that they've made against the press,” Franken continued. “Obviously, they have a contempt for the journalistic process.”
RELATED: Photojournalists Protest White House's Aggressive, ‘Stalinist' Image-Making of Obama
The Blaze anchor Amy Holmes added that there is some irony in this condition because White House Press Sec. Jay Carney was a former TIME Magazine reporter. “We're talking about censorship,” she added. “If a photo says a thousand words, this White House only wants happy talk.”
Milbank says that he could accept that Obama may be more hostile to the press than George W. Bush, but that it would be a close contest between the two to determine which White House was the most hostile to press freedoms in American history.
“There has been such a love-fest between this White House press corps and the Obama administration that I think they've been putting up with a lot more manipulation,” Holmes submitted. She said that the dynamic between the media and the White House has changed as the administration begins to falter.
“Jay's sort of like the reformed smoker, you know? He now has disdain for those people in the profession he left behind,” Milbank said. “I think this president also, sometimes justifiably, looks down at people in this line of work.”
“It's created an underlying hostility that really bubbles up when the administration is having problems like it is today,” he concluded.
Watch the segment below via MSNBC:
[Photo via screen grab ]
— —
> >Follow Noah Rothman (@NoahCRothman) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
By E.J. Dionne - January 17, 2013
WASHINGTON -- President Obama went big in offering a remarkably comprehensive plan to curb gun violence, and good for him. But his announcement Wednesday is only the beginning of a protracted struggle for national sanity on firearms. Extremists have controlled the debate on guns for many years. They will do all they can to preserve a bloody status quo. The irrationality of their approach must be exposed and their power broken.
Far from acting as if his work was now done, the president made clear that he is fully invested in seeing his agenda realized -- and fully prepared to lead a national movement to loosen the grip of resignation and cynicism in the face of brutality and carnage. Gun violence is not some "boutique" issue, as it is occasionally called. We are in danger of having mass shootings define us as a nation. As a people, we must rise up against this obscenity.
This fight is especially challenging for many who view themselves as "moderates" or "centrists." Moderation is a thoroughly honorable disposition, and Obama's proposals are moderation incarnate. By international standards, they are very cautious. The president did not call for registering all guns or confiscating assault weapons. He strongly endorsed the Supreme Court's interpretation of the Second Amendment right to bear arms. He is operating within a broad consensus about what is possible and what can work.
An assault weapons ban received 38 Republican votes in the House in 1994 and is backed by 58 percent of Americans, according to a Washington Post/ABC News poll. Were those Republicans outside the mainstream? And what about that 58 percent of Americans? The poll also found that 65 percent favored a ban on high-capacity magazines, another part of the Obama plan, and 88 percent favored closing the gun show loophole, part of the effort to make sure there are background checks for all gun purchases.
But the lobbies that purport to speak for gun owners (while actually representing the interests of gun manufacturers) don't care what the public thinks. They tried to pretend the president's ideas are radical. And it shows how perverse our national conversation can become when those who speak in the name of civility, reason and bipartisanship give in to timidity.
Too often, moderation has become a synonym for cowardice. Too often, moderates lack the guts to define the sensible middle of the road themselves -- as Obama has done on the gun issue -- and then defend it. Instead, they yield to the temptation to calibrate where everyone else stands before deciding what they believe. This allows extremists who lack any shame to drag our discourse off the road entirely, into a ditch of unreason, fear and invective.
After the NRA's vile new advertisement that uses Secret Service protection for the president's daughters to make a small-minded political point, can anyone take the organization's arguments seriously again? Aren't politicians who continue to bow low before the NRA complicit with a crowd that lacks any sense of decency?
It tells us all we need to know that the gun lobby is deeply afraid of the facts and the evidence. This is why one of the most important actions the president took was to end the ban on research into gun violence by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that the weapons lobby had forced through a compliant Congress.
Yet Obama and Vice President Joe Biden also worked hard to find middle ground in their anti-violence program in drawing on concerns raised since the Sandy Hook tragedy by gun rights advocates. Obama thus addressed not only firearms issues but also the imperative to improve school security and our mental health system, as well as the need to know more about the impact of violent video games.
Most heartening of all was the tone the president took. He did not cast himself as an evenhanded umpire far above the fray, handing down ideas that all people of good will would inevitably accept. He acknowledged that the battle ahead would be difficult. He predicted he would have to fight the lie that his plan constituted "a tyrannical assault on liberty." And he sought to mobilize a new effort to counteract the entrenched power of those who have dictated submissiveness in the face of bloodshed.
"Enough," Obama declared, insisting that change would come only "if the American people demand it."
Will we?
According to the US State Department, the US has officially stopped all bilateral contact with Russia on Syria.
"The United States is suspending its participation in bilateral channels with Russia that were established to sustain the Cessation of Hostilities," US State Department spokesperson John Kirby said on Monday.
© AP Photo / Hassan Ammar 'Instead of Peace US Will Bring New Pain and New War Into Syria'
The US will withdraw personnel who were preparing to establish the Joint Implementation Center (JIC). Kirby added that channels will remain open to address air operations over Syria.
Kirby also blamed the Russian and Syrian governments for the collapse of the ceasefire, though it was a US strike on Syrian government positions that started renewed fighting.
"Unfortunately, Russia failed to live up to its own commitments — including its obligations under international humanitarian law and UNSCR 2254 — and was also either unwilling or unable to ensure Syrian regime adherrence to the arrangements to which Moscow agreed," Kirby's statement said.
© REUTERS / Abdalrhman Ismail Syrian Crisis: Where Do We Go From Here?
The White House also weighed in, with spokesman Josh Earnest saying Russia is right to be concerned with the country's extremist elements.
"I think Russia is rightly and justifiably concerned about the growing extremist threat that they face inside of Syria," he told reporters. He added that the Obama administration is looking into alternatives for addressing the Syrian conflict.
"The President and his national security team are always pursuing a range of contingency plans," Earnest said, though he had no additional announcement "about the patch that we will pursue."
On September 9, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and US Secretary of State John Kerry announced a new peace plan to address the conflict in Syria. The ceasefire deal was later shattered by numerous violations, which resulted in intensified fighting between the Syrian government and militants in Aleppo. The Syrian government later announced an end to the ceasefire regime.
Earlier on Monday, Lavrov stressed the importance of upholding the Syrian agreements.
"We are convinced that the strict implementation [of these agreements] could help establish efficient coordination in the fight against terrorism, strengthen the ceasefire regime and expand access to civilian population in need of humanitarian aid."
Squirtle vs. Heart
First set was on Whirlwind
Second set was on Antiga Shipyard
Squirtle vs. Heart = 2-0
Hero vs. Leenock
First set was on daybreak
second set was on Cloud Kingdom
third and deciding set was on Antiga Shipyard
Leenock vs. Hero = 2-1
Squirtle vs. Leenock
First set was on Ohana
second set was on Cloud Kingdom
Leenock vs. Squirtle = 2-0
Hero vs. Heart
first set was on Ohana
second set was on Antiga Shipyard
Hero vs. Heart = 2-0
Squirtle vs. Hero
First set was on Cloud Kingdom
second set was on Entombed Valley
Hero vs. Squirtle = 2-0
teacher calms kindergarten studens.translation from youtubeYes, my love, everyone on the floor. Little ones... what? What, my love? No, nothing's happening love, just put your little faces on the ground... with your... beautiful ones, put your little faces on the floor. Nothing is the matter, nothing is going to happen to us, just don't get up please. We are going﻿ to sing a song! We're going to sing... I know which one! Yes! If rain drops were made of chocolate, I would love to be there... Who wants chocolate!?We open our mouths in order to taste... let's open our mouths! Put your﻿ heads on the ground, ok? This is how you are gonna open your mouths... are you opening your mouths? Awwww, let's see if it's true. Do you guys have your little mouths open to catch the rain? Cmon, Miguel, I don't see your little mouth...
(CNN) - John Kiriakou, a man at the center of the public's awareness of the CIA's enhanced interrogation program, broke his silence for the first time since the bombshell U.S. Senate report was released, and is calling for CIA interrogators to be prosecuted.
Kiriakou, a former CIA case officer, ran counter-terrorism operations inside Pakistan in the weeks and months after the September 11, 2001 attacks on the U.S. He is currently serving time at the Federal correctional facility in Loretto, Pennsylvania, having pleaded guilty to leaking classified information about the CIA in his dealings with journalists.
"I think it's not unreasonable to not look at those officers for prosecution. But the real issues are what to do with officers who went over and above what had been authorized by the Justice Department," Kiriakou told CNN's Jake Tapper in a phone interview. "I think it's clear from the Senate torture report and also from [CIA] Director [John] Brennan's comments that crimes were committed, and I think that the officers who committed those crimes ought to be prosecuted."
Kiriakou told Tapper that the interrogation methods, including torture, "did not provide actionable intelligence." But Kiriakou says that the effectiveness of the CIA tactics is not the only question Americans should be asking themselves.
"We should be asking ourselves whether or not the techniques were right or were moral. After all, things like rape work or murder work or beating a prisoner's children in front of him work, and we don't do any of those things, so why would we torture? I think it's morally wrong."
Kiriakou was involved in the capture of Abu Zubaydah, whom the CIA has identified as al Qaeda's third-ranking official. Zubaydah was one of the detainees tortured in the program, as detailed in the report issued last week by Democrats on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee.
Kiriakou left the agency in 2004, but shed light on the brutality of the interrogation program three years later, when he revealed to various media outlets that the CIA was water-boarding detainees - an enhanced interrogation method he had been briefed on, but never witnessed.
At first, Kiriakou argued that the program worked, telling ABC News that Abu Zubaydah had been waterboarded for about half a minute before providing information that disrupted attacks. But it turns out much of the information was wrong. Zubaydah was waterboarded 83 times in 2002 alone, and many question the value of the intelligence he provided. As Kiriakou learned more, he realized he had been lied to, he now says, and he came to change his views on the CIA program.
Kiriakou maintains that he was prosecuted because of his "whistleblowing," though the CIA says that's not the case. He is currently serving a 30 month sentence, and believes that officers whom engaged in torture methods should also be behind bars for "crimes committed."
For more of our phone interview with the former CIA analyst and case officer, watch the interview above.
Even as you are beaten to a bloody pulp by some horrific creature, you can't help but notice the beauty in From Software's action RPGs. Whether you're playing Dark Souls or Bloodborne, there's a peculiar, dignified gravitas to those brutal, sinister worlds. In a famous quote from the Dark Souls Design Works book, artist Masunori Warugai remembers being admonished by director Hidetaka Miyazaki after producing an especially repulsive creature design:
Miyazaki handed it back to me saying, “This isn't dignified. Don't rely on the gross factor to portray an undead dragon. Can't you instead try to convey the deep sorrow of a magnificent beast doomed to a slow and possibly endless descent into ruin?"
There's a sense of awe behind this concept, of making the player witness something far grander than themselves in a degraded state, brought low by time and decay. This image is neither beautiful nor repulsive. Instead it evokes a sense of vertigo, of losing control. In the face of things too big for our limited senses and minds to comprehend, we are overwhelmed by sheer scale: the sublime.
Any subject can be sublime, whether it's landscapes stretching to the horizon, towering mountains, the passage of time, or even a fantasy like all-powerful gods. The sublime is always threatening in a way, but it can also easily seep into the sinister or scary. In Bloodborne you'll climb ruined cathedrals, be swallowed by impenetrable woods, stare into yawning abysses and – perhaps most importantly – come face to face with decaying creatures as ancient and indifferent as they are deadly.
The sublime was the bread and butter of the Romantics (late 18th and 19th century), the darker side of which became the Gothic horror genre - originally referred to as Dark Romanticism. Quite the coincidence because this is where we end up if we follow the twisting roots of From Software's aesthetics. The similarities between Caspar David Friedrich's (1774-1840) darker paintings and From's games are undeniable, with these works often dominated by Gothic architecture towering over skewed tombstones, neglected graveyards, and tiny, shadowy figures. If it isn't a man-made cathedral or abbey that's doing the towering, nature's tall trees or distant mountain ranges perform the same function.
The Abbey in the Oakwood
The Church of the Good Chalice
The Cross in the Mountains
Old Heroes' Graves
Nearly everywhere in Yharnam is gravestone-encrusted
If you've spent even a short time playing Bloodborne, you notice that the moon, hanging low and oppressively in the night sky, is a constant presence throughout the game. The moon is a powerful symbol and has long been associated with gods and goddesses, lunacy (from Latin ‘Luna'), as well as cycles and the passage of time in general - we're all living in the ‘sublunary sphere' after all, once thought to be the one region in the cosmos affected by time and change.
Friedrich, too, must have found the moon fascinating, since it makes an appearance in many of his paintings. And as in Bloodborne, it's an eyecatcher, claiming the centre of the compositions and mesmerising the human figures within.
Clearing in the Forest
Two Men Contemplating the Moon
The Hunter's Dream
The Hunter's Nightmare
Yharnam
Darkness and the moon. Ruins, forests and tombstones. It's pretty familiar stuff, a stale iconography worn down to clichés and caricatures of spookiness over time, but Fromsoft's games show that there's still power in these symbols. They still communicate our insignificance: we're specks of dust, blinking out of existence in a heartbeat. How fitting for a series that throws players into an enormous, obscured world, leaving them to die again and again. Still, at least in Romanticism it's rarely as bleak as all that. You may have noticed more than a hint of the spiritual in those paintings with their prominent abbeys, cathedrals and crosses. Humans may be pitted against something that's far greater than they, but at the same time, they can also be part of it. And if their time is up, who knows, they may transcend space and time through faith.
Bloodborne owes a lot to Friedrich and Dark Romanticism in general, but its blackness has a different shade nevertheless. Yharnam is a very Gothic place, but there are disturbances that twist it to the breaking point, becoming more and more obvious the deeper you progress into the game. You're probably thinking Lovecraft right now and, yes, that's part of it - squid creatures and cosmic horror piggybacking on top of Gothic imagery, piling on the existential dread with tubes and many-eyed horrors. But there's more to Lovecraft than tentacle monsters, and there's much more to Bloodborne than a simple rehashing of Lovecraftian tropes. The surreal, nightmarish visions and deformations of Bloodborne have their own themes and points to make.
Let's take a look at some paintings of the Polish artist Zdzisław Beksiński (1929-2005). The Romantics' interest in the morbid and the sublime is still here, but there's also a strong influence of surrealists like Salvador Dalí, and a streak of body horror reminiscent of H.R. Giger's disturbing biomechanoid creatures. Some of Beksiński's paintings show similar subjects as Friedrich's, such as enormous landscapes stretching to the horizon, defined by tower-like structures, tombstones and yes, even distant Gothic cathedrals rising from black fog.
But there's very little that's capital-R Romantic or picturesque about these images; like Bloodborne, these are deeply alien and even hostile worlds. There are evil faces on tombstones glaring back at you. The cathedral in the background is not a promise of salvation, but rather part of some threatening hellscape. The isolated, morbid creatures sitting at the top of enormous pillars don't admire their sublime environment, but are huddled around fires, their only comfort. It's a picture that's familiar to anyone who ever rested at one of Dark Souls' bonfires and discovered the ghost of another player sitting next to them, or observed Bloodborne's messengers staring into the lantern's fire.
[Editor's note: Beksiński's paintings are untitled.]
The pillars in the Hunter's Dream
The messengers
Tomb of a Great One
These worlds are inhabited by weird beings, ranging from distorted human figures, to utterly alien creatures, to veiny tree-like things and fungal growths. There's little left of the human body as we know it; at the best of times, it's a rotting corpse, but it's just as likely to be monstrously deformed, fused into walls or to other bodies, straying into outright body horror. Just like in Bloodborne, the human body is malleable and threatened by forces that fragment, conjoin, distort, petrify.
A Flourescent Flower
Ebrietas, Daughter of the Cosmos
A Cramped Casket
Yahar'gul, Unseen Village
The Nightmare of Mensis
As in Friedrich, there are crosses throughout Beksiński's nightmare visions but, instead of the body of a redeemer, they carry the ruinous and tortured cadavers of monsters whose original shape is hard to guess at. Were they punished for some crime? Or did they die innocently, leaving behind a perverse devotional picture? Yharnam's hunters and inhabitants, too, like to present the bodies of their kills on crosses - but when the player meets these people, they can hardly be distinguished from the beasts they hunted. And as your actions throughout make clear, perhaps the player's hunter is no saviour fighting for Yharnam's soul - but just another blood-crazed beast.
Central Yharnam
Old Yharnam
Yharnam is full of churches, altars, and devotional statues of creatures praying to powerful cosmic beings. The people of Yharnam sought transcendence through these Great Ones, and in a manner, they succeeded, being transformed into beasts and madmen. The giant moon, first pale, later red, is a symbol for these crushing cosmological powers bearing down on Yharnam. Dead members of the School of Mensis can be found collapsed in chairs facing the moon, having died while seeking communion with the cosmos. The moon can also be found in countless of Beksiński's paintings, bringing with it portals to different worlds that might bleed into others.
In one painting, a red moon hangs over a doorway that is crowned by coiled tentacle shapes. Beneath, an eyeless skull encircled by some snake-like creature grins madly. Another image is a pretty striking echo of Bloodborne's blood moon appearing over the Moonside Lake after the defeat of Rom, the Vacuous Spider. And another scene even presents a lonely figure sitting on a chair, exposed to the cosmos unveiling itself above.
The Blood Moon descends, following Rom's death
Yahar'gul, Unseen Village
Friedrich and Beksiński have a lot of common ground due to their interest in the dark and the sublime, but their aesthetic style remains at odds. Beksiński does away with all stable points of reference: there's no place for benevolent gods or an ordered universe in his art, and transcendence isn't a promise, but a threat to everything that makes us human (if there even is such a thing as a human body or mind to begin with).
The opening acts of Bloodborne may seem almost quaint with its large pale moon, its Victorian architecture and creatures that look like they've escaped from the Hollywood set of some old horror film. But once you've come to the end, Yharnam has been transformed into a very uncanny place where little seems certain anymore. There's no sense left of what's reality or dream, right or wrong, dead or alive, human or beast. Even time has lost its meaning.
If Friedrich's Gothic aesthetic is the body of Bloodborne's world, then Beksiński's cosmic horror is an out-of-control growth, feeding off this body and eventually devouring it whole. Bloodborne is firmly rooted in the soil of Dark Romanticism, but its tendrils stretch further and entwine the nightmare visions of the 20th century - the final result is a testament not just to its artistic inspirations, but to Fromsoft's ability to reinvent them in a new medium and a new era.
The Parker-Hale Model 82 (M82) is the military version of the Parker-Hale 1200TX target rifle; it was accepted for service by several nations for both military and police use. In appearance and design terms the Model 82 is an entirely conventional sniping weapon. It uses a manual bolt action the same as the classic Mauser 98 rifle, allied to a heavy free-floating barrel chambered for the 7.62×51mm NATO round. The barrel weighs 1.98 kg and is manufactured from chrome molybdenum steel. The Model 82 has an integral four-round magazine and an entirely self-contained trigger unit which can be adjusted as required.
Design and features [ edit ]
The M82 was available in a number of forms to suit any customer requirements. Thus an adjustable cheek pad may have been provided if wanted, and the butt lengths can be altered by adding or taking away butt spacers of various thicknesses. The rifle was basically a standard target 7.62×51mm NATO heavy-barreled Mauser 98 with a wide beaver tail target walnut stock (with inset handstop rail) and a Parker Hale trigger with its side safety mechanism. The sights were subject to several variations, but the standard Model 82 was normally supplied with removable ‘iron' match-type sight blocks. If an optical sight is fitted the rear-sight was removed, and the front sight slid off, but the front block/post remained. Two mounting blocks were fitted to the receiver for the purpose of the fitting of optical sight mounts, supplied with the Parker Hale are the parkerized aluminium scope rings; rifles that were in service in the Australian and New Zealand armies used the Austrian Kahles Wien ZF-69 6×42 (26mm tube) drop compensation telescopic sight set in 100m increments out to 800m, with fine crosshair. Some attempts at refurbishing and rebarrelling the rifles resulted in usage of one piece scope mounts but this proved unsatisfactory. The action and barrel were originally finished by parkerizing then completed with a black rubberised style non reflecting coating.
The barrel for the Canadian C3A1 is a heavy, fully free floating barrel chambered for the 7.62×51mm NATO round. It has a weight of 2.04 kg/4.5 lbs and a length of 60 cm. Rifling follows a 1:12 turn ratio with 4 right hand twists.[1] The action is a Mauser-style rotating bolt type. It has 3 stainless steel locking lugs at the front and rear of the bolt. The C3 safety is a thumb activated lever above the magazine which locks the trigger, bolt and sear giving ultimate protection against an accidental discharge.
The standard sight on the revamped model C3A1 is an Unertl 10× zoom scope which can only be used for daytime engagements as its lacks any night vision capabilities. It has a duplex crosshair with a mil dot style scale in increments of 200m up to 1000m. It can also be used with the default iron sights. The stock for the C3A1 is one piece walnut or fibreglass stock with an internal bedding of either Devlon, Aluminum or Steel putty. The fibreglass version is called the Mcmillan A2 stock and can be painted in any camouflage scheme depending on environment.[2]
Users [ edit ]
Variants [ edit ]
L81A1 [ edit ]
The Parker Hale L81A1 is a shorter version of the Parker Hale M82 rifle 7.62×51mm (.308) rifle, adopted as a cadet rifle in addition to the 0.22"LR Rifle No8. It can trace its lineage back through both the M82 sniper rifle and the Parker-Hale 1200TX target rifle
L81A2 [ edit ]
L81 A2 Cadet Target Rifle
The Parker Hale L81A2, officially known as the L81A2 Cadet Target Rifle (CTR), the L81A2 replaced the L81A1 following reports of technical safety issues, including bulges in the barrel[citation needed] and is used by the ATC, ACF, SCC and CCF in competitions such as The Schools Meeting, The Ashburton staged annually in July by the Council for Cadet Rifle Shooting (CCRS), and the Inter Service Cadet Rifle Meeting (ISCRM)[3] held at Bisley Ranges.
C3 [ edit ]
The C3 was adopted by the Canadians in 1972 and was based on the Parker Hale M82. Its stock was made of wood with a front beavertail and an accessories rail. It had a Kahles Helios ZF 69 6×42 scope. After a couple of years, it was upgraded to the C3A1 with a few modifications.
C3A1 [ edit ]
The C3 was updated to the C3A1 and a number of modifications were made including the addition of a 10× Unertl scope currently in use by the United States Marine Corps.[2] A fiberglass McMillan A2 stock was fitted along with a Parker-Hale made bipod for more stability and support while aiming in the prone position. During Operation APOLLO Canadian sniper Master Corporal Graham Ragsdale recorded 20 confirmed kills with the C3A1.[2] It has also been used as a competition rifle.[1] The C3A1 has been withdrawn from the Canadian Army and has been replaced by the C14 Timberwolf rifle Medium Range Sniper Weapon System. Instead it is used for the training of snipers due to its similarities with the C14 Timberwolf rifle. Its decline was due to a lack of parts due to the ending of production of firearms by Parker Hale in 2000 and the cesstion of C3A1 production in 1984.[4]
Parker Hale offered the C3A1 as a complete kit known as the M85 on the civilian market. Common confusion occurs but no M82 was fitted with detachable magazines or enlarged bolt knob. Other Canadian snipers recorded high hit ratios and some extremely difficult shots. These marksmen remain anonymous.
See also [ edit ]
Similar sniper rifles
References [ edit ]
Before you can create the perfect personal brand you have to understand who you are. Why do you do what you do? What's your professional purpose? Some call it their “manifesto,” others call it their “mission statement,” but what I'm talking about is what drives your need to do what you do beyond earning a paycheck.
What helps us get out of bed in the morning? What helps you be better at what you do? What is it that separates your job from your career? How do you want to feel about your impact on the world down the road?
If you're building a business, I'll bet you're working beyond the typical 40-hour week. You could tell me this — and I might be impressed — but if I knew why you were doing it, it would make you and your brand more compelling for me, both as a colleague and maybe as a future customer.
Once you find your personal purpose, you'll be able to create the personal brand.
Finding Your Why: How to Discover Your Professional Purpose
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. – Mark Twain
How I discovered my professional purpose
My story started back in school when I realized I had a talent for acting, singing, and writing. First, it was school plays, music festivals and talent shows, where I poured my heart and soul into something I knew I was good at. Next I took drama classes at university, and then the bright lights of the London theater, television and film called to me after three years of honing my craft.
Unfortunately, the acting jobs came few and far between, and I spent six years selling teddy bears at the Harrods department store. Finally, at the ripe old age of 29, I knew I needed a new career. The Internet was pretty new, so I did a course in HTML and managed to find an editor role at the search engine directory LookSmart.
My duties included writing 55 website reviews every day – short and sweet descriptions of what users might find if they clicked on a link. After that, I was promoted to traffic manager helping our European sales people get display ads live across the LookSmart network.
When LookSmart folded in 2003, I spent some time at a digital advertising agency before Microsoft came calling, and I spent the next seven years of my career working in an evangelism role. This translated into writing, speaking, video creation, and other ways to communicate to an audience looking to be informed and inspired.
It was during those years I discovered what truly made me tick.
My desire to act and write had little to do with being famous or earning loads and loads of money. What I really enjoyed – what got me out of bed in the morning – was the love of communicating, inspiring and educating people and businesses to do their very best work. So, if we parcel this out, my purpose had these elements:
I wanted people to have a great experience.
I wanted to help people.
I wanted others to be successful.
And soon my professional purpose was born, which reads:
To inspire and educate people and their businesses to be successful by applying digital marketing strategies that focus on social media, digital PR and personal branding both online and in-person.
That's it. Short, sweet, but true.
Past signposts define your future path
Now, it's your turn. What's been important to you throughout your life is often a gateway to finding your current professional purpose. Sometimes it helps to go back to your childhood to see what made you tick. For instance, have you always loved sports, drama, movies, music, sci-fi, comic books, video games, or riding horses?
Picking out the qualities that have always been important to you is a great way to identify the things that make you tick now.
Ask yourself some questions
We should take a step back and ask ourselves some questions. You can start by asking yourself a few of these:
▪ Why is it that you do what you do?
▪ What thrills you about your current job role or career?
▪ What does a great day look like?
▪ What does success look like beyond the paycheck?
▪ What does real success feel like for you?
▪ How do you want to feel about your impact on the world when you retire?
You could also ask yourself these follow-up questions:
▪ What do you hate about your current job role or career?
▪ Why don't you do something else?
▪ What does a bad day look like?
▪ What is it you don't enjoy about your job and why?
▪ What does failure look like beyond the paycheck?
▪ What does real failure feel like for you?
Once again, it's essential that you know your professional purpose before you tackle your personal brand.
If you don't take control of your brand image and who you are, someone else will.
Often, the simple process of taking a step back and taking stock of where you are at and where you want to go can answer a raft of questions that can point your professional career in a more meaningful and satisfying direction.
Find your why and the rest will follow.
Projects from See Saw Films, Stephan Elliot, and Ben Elton and the Wiggles are among those that will receive more than $475,000 in development support from the national agency.
New films from See Saw Films, Stephan Elliot and Sheridan Jobbins, Ben Elton and the Wiggles, as well as projects from established Aussie TV scriptwriters making the move into feature directing, have all received development funding from Aussie agency Screen Australia
The agency said Friday it was providing more than $475,000 in funding for 16 feature film projects, backing a number of debuts and second-time writers, directors and producers. Eleven new projects have been added to Screen Australia's development slate, while five projects will receive continued support.
PHOTOS: 25 of the Most Anticipated Foreign Films of 2014
With an eye on the Chinese market, See Saw Films' Emile Sherman and Iain Canning, with writer Jan Sardi (Shine), are developing a new story inspired by the ancient Chinese fable about a legendary female warrior, Mulan.
Elliot and Jobbins, who previously adapted Noel Coward's Easy Virtue together in the U.K. -- starring Jessica Biel -- are working on a new comedy, Madams, which Arclight Films' Gary Hamilton will produce.
Comedian Ben Elton will write and direct The Wiggles: Pandamonium!, the second movie from the veteran Aussie kids entertainers. Wiggles manager Paul Field is producing alongside Michael Wrenn and Gary Hamilton. An eponymously named feature about another classic Australian children's character, Blinky Bill, is being developed by Flying Bark Productions, with Fin Edquist writing and Deane Taylor producing.
And writer/director Jennifer Kent has received early-stage funding to support work on her second feature, Interior, the follow-up to her Sundance hit The Babadook.
STORY: Aussie Flight Disaster Film 'Deep Water' Shelved Over Eerie Resemblance to Missing Malaysia Flight
Among the TV writers to receive feature development funding are Kirsty Fisher and Marieke Hardy, with their edgy Death Is for the Living, to be directed by Trent O'Donnell; All I Know of the Devil, also from TV writer Shanti Gudgeon, in her first feature script; and Jacquelin Perske, who has written the psychological thriller The Phobos Experiment, to be directed by Rowan Woods and produced by Penny Wall.
Also supported in this round are romantic comedy EM, from director Kate Reidl, writer Emma Jensen and producers Matthew Dabner, Karen Radzyner and Anna Vincent; Damien Lay's To the Bitter End, a psychological thriller about a pirate and pursuer locked in a treacherous ocean pursuit, written by John Goldsmith and produced by Carolyn Frichot; and director Eron Sheean's horror film End of Animal, written by Shane Danielsen and produced by Michael Wrenn and Paul Yi.
Theater director Michael Kantor will receive support to begin work on his second feature, with writer Marion Nelson -- an adaptation of Chloe Hooper's critically celebrated novel The Engagement, to be produced by Bruno Charlesworth and Jo Dyer.
Other dramas supported in this round include Undertow, by writer/director Miranda Nation and producers Lyn Norfor and Sylvia Wilczynski, and King: A Street Story, by producer/writer/director Jacqueline McKenzie and producer Rob Coe.
Screen Australia's head of production, Sally Caplan, said: “The funding decisions made in this last quarter reflect the breadth of stories coming out of this country and the depth of talent. It is great to be able to support such a spread of genres and ideas and such a range of established and emerging writing, directing and producing talent.”
A new patch is out for Dawn of War 3 today, performing some post-Annihilation balance tweaks. There are some cost changes, along with quite a few alterations to various unit stats in all three factions.
Listening Post costs are pushed up to 300 from 200, with Relic saying that the prior cost made early construction a bit too much of an obvious choice. They're hoping the greater expense will make players choose their locations a bit more sparingly. There's also a general pathing change for Skimmer units, which will now make “shorter reverse-pivot moves instead of curve turns over short distances”.
Individual changes to Dawn of War 3 units are quite numerous, so have a look at the patch notes for the full ins and outs of those. Relic have provided a short summary of their reasoning behind each of the stat alterations too.
Somewhat far down the notes, they acknowledge that certain Doctrines are much more dominant than others at the moment. The studio plans to address this with “slight nerfs, but mostly buffs”. Doctrine changes will occur over “several patch cycles,” but work on balancing them has begun.
The Raiders released their first depth chart of 2014 on Monday. And it featured a surprising name among the starters at wide receiver - Andre Holmes.
Back in June, during the team's minicamps, I checked in with Holmes to see how things were going heading into his second season in Oakland. He spoke of setting a foundation in his first season with the team that he can build upon in his second year - something he is clearly doing.
The former undrafted free agent receiver had barely seen an NFL field in two seasons in Dallas. He came into camp last year battling for a roster spot and by midseason, he was a starter.
Now, for the first time in his career, he heads into the season as an expected starter. It's entirely unfamiliar territory for him.
"Yeah, definitely, because before I was trying to make a team," said Holmes. "And still I'm trying to make a team but it's in a way a little bit different because now it seems as though coaches kind of know what kind of strengths I have and what I can do where before it may have not been like that. So, now I'm put in the position to try and make those plays that I'm good at doing."
Those plays he is good at are those which allow him to use his big 6-4, 210-pound frame to overpower and leap over defensive backs. His kind of skills are a quarterback's best friend because he doesn't even need to be open to get a pass, and can make a play where it may seem like there isn't one.
"He's a guy with that size and his ability to go up and get the ball that even if a guy's covering him man to man, you just give him a chance," said Matt Schaub. "He's gonna make you look good. You don't shy away from bump and run, you just put it up in the air where only he can get it with his vertical."
Dennis Allen said the depth chart will change prior to the season but that the way it is now is indicative of how he sees the players at this point. And on that depth chart, Holmes is listed ahead of the likes of James Jones and Denarius Moore.
The reason behind that, as Allen puts it is the same thing that makes Holmes an attractive option for Schaub.
"I think the nature of the NFL now and kind of the trend is these bigger, physical receivers, and he certainly fits that mold. A lot of times he's going up against corners that don't meet his physical stature, so it gives him an advantage in that way and he's done a nice job of understanding the type of receiver he is. Sometimes you get these big receivers but they don't play big, but Andre's one of those guys that not only does he have that physical stature but he plays to that stature."
Both Allen and Schaub talk about Holmes as being a big part of the Raiders' passing game this season. It is no secret the Raiders need a number one receiver. They signed James Jones this off-season and there has been a great deal of chemistry between the two, but Jones is best as a slot receiver. Holmes is a true long-striding, deep ball boundary target. He has been recognized as such and the Raiders see that kind of potential in him.
"It's a good feeling but I still look to improve in many areas, so I can't be complacent. People could get complacent being in that position but I really know that I have a lot to work on and that's what I'm trying to do right now in this camp."
"It doesn't really change anything. I know that we're all gonna play. Really all that matters is that we all go out there and put our best efforts out there and get a win and show that we can move the ball and we can score some points. That's the bottom line."
Holmes has said he put a renewed focus on two things - being more physical at the line and improving his intermediate routes. Based on what I have seen from him in camp, both areas have indeed improved. He breaks any and all jam attempts at the line in drills and has an incredible catching radius on short and intermediate routes.
"I really emphasized this off-season trying to get more physical, especially off the line," Holmes added. "Not necessarily using as much quickness off the line but trying to use my strengths in that I have long arms and that I'm at times stronger than the other DB."
Fans will get to see Holmes roll out his new skillset as the Raiders open against the Vikings this Friday. According to the depth chart, he will be with the first group on the field, though the first team typically doesn't play a whole lost in the first preseason game. Even if it's a couple series, Matt Schaub will want to get started on the right foot and that means finding Holmes and trusting he will make a play on the ball and make Schaub look good.
"It's exciting," said Schaub of Holmes. "I'm looking forward to getting to suit up against another team with him on my side. Just watching him work and go about his business on a daily basis. His size and his speed for a big guy, very long, long strider, has a big burst up the field, can separate and then go up and get the football. That's exactly what you want from a receiver and I'm excited to get out there and see what he can do in game action. He's gonna be a big threat for us."
Follow @LeviDamien
We recently had Xiaomi release it's first Android One device - the Mi A1 - and now it appears as if Motorola is treading the same path and will release it's first Android One device soon. This leak comes courtesy of Evan Blass, better known as @evleaks. And owing to the accuracy of leaks done by Blass in the past, it's likely that Motorola is working on an Android One device.The Mi A1 is a rebranded Mi 5X with stock Android on top of it instead of Xiaomi's native skin of MIUI. The back of the render leaked by Blass is similar to that of the recently announced Moto X4. Motorola's UI closely resembles stock Android and only has a few touches (Motorola's in-house apps, a couple of extra settings) to top it off. It would therefore be interesting to see how Motorola differentiates the X4 from its Android One variant. The Moto X4 is expected to hit the markets in September and Motorola just might launch the device as an Android One in some markets. It still remains to be seen how Motorola goes about this. To remind you, the X4 didn't feature the Android One branding when it was showcased at IFA 2017.Google's Global Director of Android Partner Programs had said at the time of the Mi A1's launch that the Android One devices will no longer be restricted to low segment and will be available in higher price segments as well. The Moto X4 priced at €399 (approx $450) will take on the likes of OnePlus 5 with the Android One branding. The Moto X4 features a 5.2" Full HD display, 3/4GB RAM, IP68 rating for dust and water resistance, Snapdragon 630, dual rear cameras (12MP 8MP wide angle lens) and 16MP selfie shooter with flash, 32/64GB internal storage with support for microSD, Nougat 7.1.1 and a 3000mAh battery.
Uber's self-driving car program in San Francisco just came to a screeching halt.
The ride-hailing startup said Wednesday it's pulling its autonomous Volvos off the city's streets after the California DMV revoked the test vehicles' registrations.
"We're now looking at where we can redeploy these cars but remain 100% committed to California and will be redoubling our efforts to develop workable statewide rules," Uber said.
Related: 2016: A tipping point for excitement in self-driving cars
The DMV said it had targeted the 16 Uber cars "because they were not properly marked as test vehicles." But the department added that "it stands ready to assist Uber in obtaining a permit as expeditiously as possible."
Uber's abrupt withdrawal of its self-driving fleet in San Francisco contrasts with its earlier resistance against the regulator. Last week, the DMV told Uber that it must cease the operations on public roads and begin the process to obtain proper permits or face legal action. That was followed by a letter from the California attorney general's office threatening an injunction.
Uber's SUVs in San Francisco had been controversial since the company began giving passengers rides in them a week ago, drawing accusations from bike riders that the vehicles made unsafe turns. A self-driving Uber was also caught on video running a red light, an incident the company attributed to human error.
The ride-hailing giant initially held its ground, saying it didn't need to apply for a permit because its Volvos don't fit the California DMV's definition of autonomous vehicles. That's despite the fact that 20 of Uber's competitors -- including Google (GOOGL) and Tesla (TSLA) -- sought DMV approval before testing their self-driving cars on public roads.
Uber has a history of battling regulators. In May, Uber and rival Lyft left Austin, Texas, after the city voted to require ride-hailing companies to fingerprint drivers as part of a background check.
And in New York City it fought potential regulation proposed by Mayor Bill de Blasio in 2015 with a television ad campaign. It even added a fake de Blasio feature to its app that showed massive delays to get an Uber if the plan were to go through.
Related: Google's Waymo teases first photos of self-driving van
Otto, Uber's self-driving truck arm, has defied regulators before without consequence. Earlier this year, before being acquired by Uber, it tested a self-driving truck in Nevada, despite a warning from the state's DMV that it was violating state rules.
Uber is currently giving its customers the chance to ride in self-driving cars in Pittsburgh as well. Pennsylvania does not have stringent rules for disclosing information about the vehicles' performance.
-- Laurie Segall, Selena Larson, Matt McFarland, Sara Ashley O'Brien and Jackie Wattles contributed to this report.
Lisa Mason Lee - June 8, 2012
A 6-year-old kid, who is a big fan of now former Giants running back Brandon Jacobs, wants Jacobs to stay on the Giants so badly, that he gave Jacobs his entire life savings!
The kid, only known as ‘Joseph', wrote a heart-wrenching letter to Jacobs, pleading for Jacobs to stay on the Giants' team.
But it didn't end at the cute and innocent letter, the kid put all $3.36 of his life savings in a plastic bag and mailed it to Jacobs with the letter, hoping it would mean Jacobs could stay with the Giants, even though Jacobs just got a one-year deal this off-season with the 49ers.
In the letter to Jacobs (seen below), Joseph's Mom translated his written message into a typed one, stating:
Advertisement
“Dear Brandon Jacobs,
So you could go back to the Giants, here is my money.
Love, Joe”
Joseph's Mom added her two cents to the letter explaining that little Joseph has been really emotional about Jacobs's leave, and explained that ‘it's too bad the Giants couldn't pay Jacobs enough to stay' and since Joseph 'emptied his piggy bank for Jacobs, maybe he'd reconsider the leave'.
Jacobs actually received the letter, including the money that came out of Joseph's piggy bank, and posted a photo of it on Twitter this week.
An emotional Jacobs tweeted, “@gatorboy45 I almost cried, I am still trying to hold it in. I may have to pay him a surprise visit.”
Jacobs also tweeted that he would send the kid $3.36 back but keep the original money he received from Joseph- the original would be a memento.
Don't worry Brandon, we're already crying for you!
On Sunday, July 5th in Urumqi, the capital of China's western Xinjiang region, thousands of minority ethnic Uighur residents marched, demanding a government investigation into an earlier incident - a brawl between Han Chinese and Uighurs in a toy factory in Shaoguan that ended with at least two Uighur deaths. Sometime during the July 5th protest the situation became very violent, Uighurs clashing with police and attacking local Han Chinese. Urumqi citizens woke the next morning to learn that over 1,000 people had been injured and 156 killed in their city. Government forces worked to quell the violence and to separate the newly-formed Han vigilante groups and the Uighurs still in the streets. Communications were shut off, streets closed, curfews imposed, hundreds arrested, and thousands of troops poured into Urumqi, which remains tense - several clashes reported even today.Today, 7/10/09, Chinese officials released the ethnic breakdown of those killed in the riots for the first time - 137 of victims were ethnic Han, 46 were Uighurs and one was Hui. AP Story
In the last few days rumors spread online about a connection between microcephaly‘s outbreak in South America and Monsanto.
The peak was on february 14th, right after the online magazine Tech Times published a post stating “Monsanto Larvicide, Not Zika Virus, True Cause Of Brazil's Microcephaly Outbreak”.
Monsanto then issued a statement on its website, noting that the company doesn't make larvicides, and that while it works with Sumitomo to sell herbicides and pesticides, Monsanto has nothing to do with either the Zika virus or microcephaly.
Tech Times quickly updated its headline to “Larvicide Manufactured By Sumitomo, Not Zika Virus, True Cause Of Brazil's Microcephaly Outbreak”.
In the next two days Monsanto's visibility came back to usual values.
There was another peak before, on February 10th, caused by news that did not connect the company to microcephaly but cited Zyka, Roundup and Glyphosate:
Monsanto to Pay $80 Million for Misrepresenting Round Up Earning, Coffee Farmers Sue Monsanto for Hiding Cancer-Causing Impact of Glyphosate and Rockefeller, Bill Gates y Monsanto, ¿tienen algo que ver con la propagación del Zika?
The exploit of february 14th was someway predictable.
[visualizer id=”1598″]
Tweets citing Monsanto are mainly in English language (65,4%), 14,8% are in Spanish and 12,4 are in French (mainly retweets of a joke).
Strangely there are not many portuguese tweets. Hundreds of tweets were also published in German, Dutch, Italian, Turkish (a tweet by Mine G. Kırıkkanat was one of the most retweeted), Japanese and Greek.
[visualizer id=”1599″]
Between the most active users there are many accounts specifically dedicated to fight Monsanto.
They publish up to five hundred tweets in a week citing the company.
[visualizer id=”1607″]
Here is a map of the conversation on Twitter showing the most cited users (>30 mentions).
The size of the nodes reflects the number of users mentioning them, the width of the arcs how many times a user mentions another user.
The colours of the nodes reflect how much active they are, with red representing the minimum and blue representing the maximum.
Blue nodes are very active but often small because of few mentions. Red ones are the most mentioned but they're not too involved in the conversation.
Yellow and orange nodes are the most interesting one, performing well in activity and authority at the same time.
Monsanto did a good job in being part of the conversation and reacting to mentions and statements.
Zoom and scroll to navigate the network, click on individual nodes to see their inlinks and outlinks.
The timeline word cloud shows the most cited words, hashtags and user names day by day.
Language matters, as we can see “caused” slowly replaced by “linked”, the confusion between “larvicide” and “pesticide” and the appearance of Sumitomo, the manufacturer of Pyriproxyfen.
You can move the slider to scroll between days. Blue words are new entries, grey ones are the older.
Here are the 10 most retweeted tweets so far:
https://twitter.com/alisoncroggon/status/698418407192920064
Monsanto va lancer deux nouveaux cancers avant la fin de l'année https://t.co/XUbc2Hws7v — Le Gorafi (@le_gorafi) February 11, 2016
Larvicide Manufactured By Sumitomo, Not Zika Virus, True Cause Of Brazil's Microcephaly Outbreak: Doctors : LIFE : https://t.co/8gy9fhqfND — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) February 16, 2016
You can believe that GMOs are not inherently bad/sometimes really good for the world and still think Monsanto is awful — Mara “Get Rid of the Nazis” Wilson (@MaraWilson) February 15, 2016
Hillary is right… we do not live in a single-issue country. Let's talk about GMO tech, GMO labeling, and Monsanto. https://t.co/4HmHk89pPa — Farmers for Bernie (@Farmers4Bernie) February 14, 2016
https://twitter.com/carolinedehaas/status/698277159807361025
Brezilya'da küçük kafayla doğan çocuklar Zika virüsünün değil, Monsanto'nun ürettiği bir tarım ilacının kurbanıymış: https://t.co/MJtzMnHGR2 — Mine G. Kırıkkanat (@mkirikkanat) February 14, 2016
There's yet another study now that concludes marijuana users are better drivers, especially when compared with those who use alcohol behind the wheel. Twenty years of study has concluded that marijuana smokers may actually be getting a bad rap and that they may actually have fewer accidents than other drivers.
The website 4AutoinsuranceQuote.com put a press release on the study, which “looks at statistics regarding accidents, traffic violations, and insurance prices,” and “seeks to dispel the though that ‘driving while stoned' is dangerous.”
Research studies in the Netherlands at the Dutch Institute for Road Safety Research showed that drivers with blood alcohol rates of .5 percent up to .8 percent had accidents five times more than other drivers, and with higher amounts of alcohol, accidents happening up to 15 times more often. But, the marijuana smokers actually showed these drivers posed no risk at all! 4autoinsurancequote.com Reasons cited for stoned drivings not being much of a threat to public highway safety include their tendency to drive slower, and their propensity to stay home rather than go out partying. In addition, one study by the U.S. National Highway Transportation Safety Administration shows that drivers with THC in their systems have accident responsibility rates lower than those of drug-free drivers. “What law enforcement agencies and insurers do not understand is that driving while high is actually a safe activity,” CEO James Shaffer said. “I guess the key to safer driving is to use marijuana, but to do it under wraps.” One recent study indicated that traffic related fatalities fell by up to nine percent in states that have legalized medical marijuana. Entitled “Medical Marijuana Laws, Traffic Fatalities, and Alcohol Consumption,” the study, conducted in November 2011, found increased cannabis use by adults decreased alcohol related traffic deaths in those states. The study provides evidence that marijuana is a safer substitute for alcohol when it comes to health and also makes for safer drivers. “Marijuana users often say that when they are high, they feel like they are driving 60 miles per hour but actually are only going 30 miles per hour,” Shaffer said. “When somebody is drunk driving, on the other hand, they often feel like they are driving 30 miles per hour but they are actually driving 80 miles per hour. This is what makes alcohol dangerous behind the wheel, and marijuana safe.” As an auto insurance provider, 4autoinsurancequote.org said that marijuana use can also have an indirect effect on insurance rates. Because of the correlation between marijuana use and lower rates of accident responsibility, they said marijuana users, as a group, can expect in the future to see lower insurance rates than non-marijuana users.
“The hypocrisy of it all is that if you get caught driving under the influence of marijuana, you will be fined and perhaps thrown into jail,” Shaffer said. “What's worse is that your insurance rates will definitely increase due to the traffic violation.” According to 4autoinsurance.com , the Top 10 reasons marijuana users are safer drivers are as follows:
1. Drivers who had been using marijuana were found to drive slower, according to a 1983 NHTSA study.
2. Marijuana users were able to drive straight and didn't have trouble staying in their own lanes, according to a 1993 NHTSA study done in the Netherlands. The same study concluded that marijuana had very little effect on overall driving ability.
3. Drivers who had smoked marijuana were less likely to try to pass other cars and were more likely to drive at a steady speed, according to a University of Adelaide study done in Australia. The study showed no danger from marijuana and driving unless the drivers had also been using alcohol.
4. Drivers high on marijuana are less likely to drive recklessly, according to a study done in the United Kingdom in 2000 by the UK Transport Research Lab. The study was actually undertaken to prove that pot impairs driving, but instead it showed the opposite — that stoned drivers were actually safer than many other drivers on the road.
5. States that allow medical marijuana see a reduction in highway fatalities; for instance, Colorado and Montana have had a nine percent drop in traffic deaths and a five percent drop in beer sales.
6. Low doses of marijuana were found to have little affect on the ability to drive a car in a Canadian study in 2002. These drivers were found to be in much fewer car crashes than alcohol users.
7. Most marijuana smokers have fewer crashes because they tend to stay home instead of driving.
8. Marijuana smokers are thought to be more sober drivers; traffic information from 13 of the states where medical cannabis is legal showed that these drivers are actually safer and more careful than many other drivers on the road. These studies were conducted by the University of Colorado and Montana State University, exploring the relationship between legal medical marijuana and deaths in traffic accidents.
9. Multiple studies show that marijuana smokers are less likely to be risk takers than those who use alcohol; the studies showed that marijuana use calmed them down and made them pay more attention.
10. Cannabis smoking drivers were shown to follow other vehicles at safer distances, which made they less likely to cause or have crashes.
“Every test seemed to come up with these same results in all of the countries they were done in,” 4autoinsurance.org concludes. “Even so, insurance companies will still penalize any driver in an accident that has been shown to have been smoking pot, so this doesn't give drivers free reign to smoke pot and drive.”
The latest Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen have left dozens of civilians dead and nearly 160 injured at a time that sees medical facilities struggling to provide even the most basic services. The country is suffering from a shortage of vital supplies due to the ongoing blockade.
The coalition air raids against Houthi forces in Sanaa overnight on Friday killed at least 40 civilians and injured at least another 130 people, Yemen News Agency (SABA) reported.
One strike leveled an apartment building in the center of the city killing a family of nine, while another strike killed a man who had been searching for his family in the rubble, AP reported. The coalition has even managed to attack Yemen's interior ministry in the capital, launching about 10 strikes at the building as well as at a police camp and a military building close to it.
The airstrikes also hit the residence of Oman's ambassador in Sanaa.
“Oman received with deep regret yesterday's news targeting the ambassador's home in Sanaa, which is a clear violation of international charters and norms that emphasize the inviolability of diplomatic premises,” the foreign affairs ministry's statement said.
A further 38 civilians were killed by the airstrikes in the northern province of Saada while another 27 were left wounded, according to a DPA-interviewed official.
Meanwhile civilians suffering violence on the ground and the wrath of the Saudi-led aerial campaign continue to face humanitarian crises, with fuel and vital medical supplies running out. The health ministry issued a statement saying that it is overwhelmed by the amount of wounded as it lacks basic medicines necessary for treating the injured. The plea call also said that medical facilities lack fuel to operate ambulances and hospital equipment, SABA reports.
READ MORE: UN condemns ‘virtual silence' on civilian casualties in Yemeni conflict
“At the moment we only have enough fuel in the north and centre of the country for the next six weeks,” Mark Kaye, the acting director of advocacy for Save the Children in Yemen, told The Independent. As well as no electricity for households and petrol for vehicles “that means no fuel for hospitals, who rely on generators for their work.”
The official UN death toll figures illustrate that almost 4,900 people have been killed since Saudi forces began their bombardment of Yemen late March. The UN aid chief has called the scale of human suffering “almost incomprehensible.”
Due to considerations of being a good guest and for temporary logistical ease, I stopped masturbating around the 18th of December. After a week of incidental abstinence, I chose to extend my efforts indefinitely. Needless to say, the world has not ended, and I found that ceasing a self-indulgent yet oddly joyless ritual has been a positive change. I started keeping track of my streak by adding a day counter widget to my tablet, marking the days since the “Mayan Apocalypse.”
I embarked upon this seemingly masochistic experiment because I was curious. Would I be able to stop? Would a dearth of orgasms negatively impact my temperament? Would another Mayan apocalypse come about should I fail? In light of yet another cataclysmic event, would I realistically look back on my life one day and wish that I had spent more time masturbating? (If you need any further justification for why I decided to give this a try — beyond impossibly low stakes and an impulse for self-improvement — here's a TED talk.)
It's been surprisingly easy to keep it up. I was stuck at home on break from school, and I had a sinus infection. When all you can really do is watch all seven seasons of The West Wing with your family while you deplete stocks of Theraflu and NyQuil, there's not a whole ton of sexual desire to try to stifle. I was able to plot and arrange dates for the new year, and that was enough to make me feel I wasn't wasting away, “high” on cough medicine.
In the wake of the failure of a long-term relationship, I found myself having crushes again. And it's been really fun. It builds confidence to realize that so many of the requisite social skills for interacting with others, communicating desire, and not being a creep are actually pretty innate. They're just muscles that need to be worked out more than the forearm.
Spending time figuring out how to be thoughtful, direct, and engaging also has decent side effects, like thinking of women as people. Lying down and jerking it, perusing an enormous catalogue of naked parts interlocking in cinematographically convenient ways, hardly inspires longing for meaningful connection. Apart from death-grip syndrome and an actual loss of physical sensitivity, habitual masturbation anesthetizes you to people around you.
I'm an opera singer and a writer — and just about everything that singers and writers do revolves around figuring out how to communicate themselves to others. The best parts of sex are about becoming even closer to someone you care about. It's hard to share yourself intimately when your private life consists largely of masturbation. And there's something incongruous about the image of the Toreador singing a song about bullfighting and wanking thereafter.
There are ways to masturbate well, and all of them hinge on remembering that masturbation isn't everything. Masturbation is sexual expression. Masturbation has taught me that it's good to value pleasure, and has given me some clues about what I'm into. At different points, masturbation has been my sex life. And it's also been a retreat based on laziness, fear of rejection, and occasional self-loathing.
I'm not sure how many days will pass before the next Mayan apocalypse. Maybe my experiment will go differently if I strike out for the next six months. At least I'm not making myself stop masturbating entirely; Thought Catalog beckons.
May the Mouse be with you! Journey to a galaxy far, far away this May and get ready for more thrills, excitement and Jedi tricks than ever before as Star Wars Weekends returns to Walt Disney World ® every Friday, Saturday and Sunday May 17 through June 9 at Hollywood Studios ®.
Star Wars Weekends at Disney's Hollywood Studios ® is always a popular event, luring in both Star Wars enthusiasts and die-hard fans, but this year with the recent acquisition of Lucasfilm by Disney ®; we have a feeling the event will be bigger than ever! Two new Star Wars guests are set to make their way into the park, adding a little darkness and a little light to the galactic event.
Star Wars Weekend guests can go to the dark side for the first two weekends of the event with actor Ray Park, who played Darth Mal in Episode 1 – The Phantom Menace. The Sith will meet and greet and sing autographs for fans on both weekends.
Things will be a little lighter on weekends three and four when Warwick Davis, who played several roles in the Star Wars films, most notably Wicket the Ewok in Return of the Jedi heads to the park. Davis will also be available for meet and greets and photo opportunities.
Aside from the new guests, Star Wars Weekends will include the usual out of this world fun with the newly revamped Star Tours – The Adventure Continues. Guests who have always wanted to travel into the galaxy far, far away will be able to as the ride takes you on a 3-D adventure through the Star Wars galaxy where you can become a part of the Star Wars films and fly alongside some of your favorite Star Wars characters including R2-D2, Darth Vader, Princess Leia, Chewbacca and more. And you never know where the force might take you on this ride as multiple storylines make for an exciting adventure each and every time you ride.
Playing on the excitement of the ride and the movie series, Hasbro has announced new Star Wars Star Tours Action Figure Packs. Adding to the packs released in 2011, these two sets of figures introduce new Droids from the ride and adds a few fan favorites. The "Search for the Rebel Spy" pack will include a brand new Seeker Droid, plus a retooled Signal Droid and Imperial Sky Trooper. The "Sector 2 Security" set will include the G2 Droid, RX Droid and C-3PO. These packs launch in May and will be available for purchase at Disney's Hollywood Studios ® during Star Wars Weekends.
In addition to riding Star Tours, guests to Star Wars Weekends can learn how to become a Jedi during the “Jedi Training Academy” before ending each day with the comedy, dancing, high-energy show “Hyperspace Hoopla.”
Things are brewing for the Star Wars franchise with Disney acquiring LucasFilm in last year, and J. J. Abrams is already set to direct the continuation of the Star Wars Saga with Star Wars: Episode VII scheduled to be release in 2015.
Stay tuned for more details on Star Wars Weekends, more Star Wars news like if you'll be able to catch actors from the recently canceled Star Wars: The Clone Wars animated TV show on Cartoon Network, and the new Star Tours action figures available at the park soon.
Abstract
Following the marvelous example provided by the fac simile of Veronese's Nozze di Cana in San Giorgio in Venice and constrasting this case of a good reproduction with the catastrophic restoration of Holbein's Ambassadors, the paper explores the reason why common sense has so much difficulty with the notion that a fac simile may actually add new layers of originality to the original –contrary to the thesis so much popularized by Benjamin's essay on mechanical reproduction. Contrary to this too famous essay, the paper argues that digital technologies have nothing « slavish » nor « mechanical » about them, and that fac similes allow peeling away the many layers composing the originality of a work of art –to the point when a painting too, algough so obviouvsly material, can be taken as an instance of performative art.
A brief coping strategies therapy which provides stress relief and emotional support for people caring for relatives with dementia can reduce depression and anxiety and improve wellbeing at no extra cost to standard care, new research published in The Lancet Psychiatry suggests.
The study led by Gill Livingston, Professor of Psychiatry of Older People at University College London in the UK, found that family caregivers receiving the START (STrAtegies for RelaTives) programme were seven times less likely to develop clinically significant depression than those given usual care, with benefits lasting for at least 2 years.
Two-thirds of people with dementia live at home, with their family providing most of their care. There are around 670 000 of these family carers in the UK and more than 15 million in the USA [1]. However, about 40% of family carers develop clinical depression or anxiety, which typically leads to care breakdown, and results in individuals with dementia moving to a care home.
Livingston and colleagues randomly assigned 260 family carers who were free from depression at the start of the study to either the 8-session START programme (173 carers) or to usual care consisting of medical, psychological, and social services for the person with dementia (control; 87). START was delivered by non-clinically trained psychology graduates working on a one-to-one basis with family carers at their home to identify individual difficulties and implement coping strategies (eg, help with accessing emotional support and relaxation).
Assessments were made of depression and anxiety using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and of cost-effectiveness over 2 years.
On average, carers in the START group reported a significant (2.58 point) improvement in HADS total score compared to the usual care group in both the short (8 months) and long term (24 months). Moreover, START was no more expensive than usual care, and showed the best value for money based on NICE cost effectiveness thresholds [2] (see table 4 page 7 and figure 2 page 8).
According to Professor Livingston, "Worldwide, there are an estimated 44 million people with dementia, and this figure is likely to double every 20 years. Too often people forget the substantial effect dementia has on family members caring for relatives with dementia. Policy frameworks assume that families will remain the main providers of their (unpaid) support. This new cost-neutral programme is an effective way to support carers and improve their mental health and quality of life and should be made widely available."*
Writing in a linked Comment, Sube Banerjee, Professor of Dementia at the University of Sussex, Brighton, UK, says, "the START intervention should be offered as individual therapy to all family carers of people with dementia as part of the support with a timely diagnosis. START should be a specified component of the diagnostic services for dementia (such as memory services) that are commissioned by Clinical Commissioning Groups throughout the UK."
###
NOTES TO EDITORS:
This study was funded by the National Institute for Health Research Health Technology Assessment programme 08/14/06.
* Quote direct from author and cannot be found in text of Article.
[1] http://www. alzheimers. org. uk/ statistics and http://www. alz. org/ downloads/ Facts_Figures_2014. pdf
[2] NICE has a cost effectiveness threshold range of £20 000 to £30 000 per quality adjusted life year (QALY) gained. A QALY is a combined measure of quantity and quality of life.
According to one of the hacked emails released by WikiLeaks, the Hillary Clinton campaign wisely nixed a plan for the candidate to joke about “yo mama” during a primary speech at a historically black college.
In a February 26 email chain, members of Clinton's staff tinkered with remarks the Democratic candidate was set to deliver in Birmingham ahead of the Alabama Democratic primary. Luckily for Clinton and unluckily for political satirists everywhere, Clinton aide Amanda Renteria had one objection.
“Is everyone comfortable [with] her saying ‘Yo Mama'?” asked Renteria.
“No,” senior advisor Maya Harris responded. “[Please] let's revise.”
“Yikes,” Clinton spokeswoman Karen Finney emailed Renteria separately.
The only public event Clinton held during her trip to Birmingham was a get-out-the-vote event at historically black Miles College. Video of the event shows that in the end, there were no “yo mama” remarks.
[Image via screengrab]
—
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tensions between New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and the police are rooted in issues that go beyond racial relations, the police commissioner said on Sunday, a day after the funeral of one of the two officers slain a week ago in their patrol car.
Law enforcement officers turn their backs on a live video monitor showing New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio as he speaks at the funeral of slain New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Rafael Ramos near Christ Tabernacle Church in the Queens borough of New York December 27, 2014. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
The tensions “involve labor contracts. They involve a lot of history in the city that's really different from some of what's going on in the country as a whole,” Bill Bratton said on NBC's “Meet the Press.”
“You need to understand this isn't just about policing,” he said. “This is about the continuing poverty rates, the continuing growing disparity between the wealthy and the poor.”
On Saturday, thousands of police officers assembled outside the funeral of Rafael Ramos turned their backs on the mayor's eulogy in a display of disrespect after what they perceived as the mayor's lukewarm support.
A wake for Wenjian Liu, who was shot alongside Ramos, will be held on Saturday followed by a funeral at an “undisclosed location” on Sunday, the New York Daily News reported. A police spokeswoman said she could not confirm the report.
The man who shot Ramos and Liu had pledged to take revenge on police for the deaths of two black men who died in confrontations with white officers this year.
The deaths triggered a wave of demonstrations against police violence in New York and other cities, and de Blasio voiced qualified support for the protests.
But the killing of Ramos and Liu triggered a backlash. The head of the city's largest police union, Patrick Lynch, said the mayor had the officers' blood on his hands.
De Blasio has not taken questions from journalists since last Monday. Wiley Norvell, a spokesman for the mayor, declined to address questions about the tensions directly.
“Our sole focus is unifying this city and honoring the lives of our two police officers,” he said in an email.
Bratton defended the mayor on CBS's “Face the Nation,” saying the mayor completely supported the police. The commissioner said it was inappropriate for officers to turn their backs on the mayor.
Bratton told NBC the city's leadership would make an effort to meet with union leaders to ease tensions.
“I think it's probably a rift that is going to go on for a while longer,” he said.
On CBS, Bratton said police have investigated more than 50 threats against officers since the deaths of Ramos and Liu.
“Morale in the department at this time is low, there is no getting around that,” he said.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio exits the Christ Tabernacle Church following the funeral service for slain New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Rafael Ramos in the Queens borough of New York December 27, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Bratton appeared on the CBS program with Rudy Giuliani, who was generally unequivocal in his support for police during his two terms as mayor.
De Blasio was partly at fault for the backlash by police, Giuliani said, but he agreed that officers should not have turned their backs when the mayor spoke.
“He created an impression with the police that he was on the side of the protesters,” Giuliani said.
Welcome to strip No.1. It's all out WAR! – in Switzerland in 1943 (?) I hope you enjoy the adventure as much as me. And, if it resonates with your own childhood memories, I hope you enjoy re-living those adventures too. Did you enjoy playing soldiers too?
History
Pay attention and learn, you 1970s kids:
As we all know, Switzerland was invaded by the Nazis during WW2. Geography played a part in her downfall: having no natural defenses – such as mountains or deep valleys – it was a simple conquest. Much in the same way that he'd ordered his army not to destroy Paris, Hitler directed his bombers not to target any of the renowned nougat factories or banks (lots of his money was invested in the former and kept in the latter). As for the clock-making factories, he allowed his forces – in a very rare move – to exercise their own initiative.
He just wasn't that fussed about time-keeping. Or wood crafts.
Politically Incorrect?
You think this strip is risqué? You should see the real thing – the war comics we read as kids were usually unbalanced, partisan fare. The British never ever shot prisoners and the Germans always did, especially when commanded by an SS officer.
We were British don't you know! Honorable at all times. Fair play and all that rot.
Controversy
In Scotland around 1976 or '77, comics were mentioned on BBC's Saturday Morning SWAP SHOP programme, and my mum, overhearing this, remarked that they were talking about how awful boys' comics were on the radio. “They're really violent and they make all the Japanese look like Frankenstein – or gorillas!” The latter was certainly true! Referred to variously as ‘Tojos', ‘Nips', ‘Yellow-bellies' and ‘Slant-eyes', the Japanese got some very rough treatment in WARLORD Comic in particular. Usually they were fodder to be blasted to pieces by Union Jack Jackson and his American GI buddies' hand grenades, or burned alive when their flame thrower tanks were hit! This was poetic justice – of course.
“Have a pineapple, Tojo!”
She may have been hearing these discussions around the time that IPC's new ACTION comic was pulled from the stands. ACTION was probably the most violent and gory comic ever published in Britain. It's been said that without ACTION, IPC would never have been able to publish the slightly less violent and gruesome 2000ad.
Pigeon-whatever…
“If you learn Irish, you'll be able to use it when you're playing German soldiers!”
Did you make up your own pigeon-German and Japanese when you played soldiers? Let me know what you think in the comments box. I remember Niall Barr in Scotland, age 8 or 9, standing on Robert Douglas Memorial School's expansive lawn as we played soldiers. He was commanding the axis troops and would issue orders as total gibberish: “Floopin-loopen-blubber-jibber-jabber-fibble-bibble.” When we moved to Ireland, my dad tried to get me excited about learning the Irish language by telling me: “If you learn Irish, you'll be able to use it when you're playing German soldiers!”
Tell us about your experiences, in the Comments below?
** Stay Groovy, all you 1970s kids! **
– John White
FLINT, MI - There was one fire during Devil's Night in Flint, according to Flint Fire Department District Commander Mark Kovach.
The fire, which took place off of Fenton Road around 1 a.m., was at a vacant house and is suspicious, Kovach said.
No one was injured during the blaze.
"It was quiet," Kovach said. "I'd say it's one of the quietest I've been on."
He's been with the department 25 years and said there also were firefighters from Genesee Township, Grand Blanc and Burton working in Flint.
"Basically, it was another pump at each station," Kovach said.
The number of fires on Devil's Night and Halloween has declined in recent years into the single digits.
That is a sharp drop compared to 1994 when the city saw more than 200 fires, according to MLive-The Flint Journal's files.
There were three fires during Devil's Night last year and two fires in 2015.
Flint also has used a citizen radio patrol over the last few years in hopes of preventing the number of intentionally set fires.
A mother-of-three is the first woman in the UK who is believed to have died from cannabis poisoning.
Gemma Moss, from Bournemouth, Dorset, collapsed in bed after smoking a cannabis cigarette. An investigation revealed Moss had moderate to high levels of cannabis in her body as a result.
It is understood she might have suffered a cardiac arrest after smoking the class B drug, as none of her vital organs showed anything wrong. A coroner noted cannabis toxicity and cannabis abuse as the cause of death.
Moss, a 31-year-old devout Christian, had used the drug frequently but stopped two years ago. She had recently started again to help her sleep, when she became depressed and anxious after breaking up with her boyfriend.
Dr Kudair Hussein, a pathologist, told the inquest in Bournemouth: "I looked through literature and it's well known that cannabis is of very low toxicity. But there are reports which say cannabis can be considered as a cause of death because it can induce a cardiac arrest."
Deaths as a direct result of cannabis are extremely unusual, with the first recorded death from the drug recorded just a decade ago. In 2004, an enquiry into the death of Lee Maisley, from Pembrokshire, revealed poisoning from marijuana as the cause.
Cannabis poisoning can occur in many forms, in which using the drug has directly resulted in an impairment in physical or mental health. The effects of the drug are caused by chemical compounds it contains, including tetrahydrocannabinol, commonly known as THC. It has both psychological and physiological effects on the body.
Using the drug has one minor toxic effect, in which the heart and vascular system are affected. However, the increase in heart rate and a lowering of blood pressure can lead to significant problems including cardiac arrest. It is known patients with angina or other cardiovascular disease are at particular risk.
There is growing evidence that people with serious mental illness, including depression and psychosis, are more likely to use cannabis or have used it for long periods of time in the past. Regular use of the drug has appeared to double the risk of developing a psychotic episode or long-term schizophrenia, particularly in those with a genetic vulnerability.
As reported by the Royal College of Psychiatrists, a study following 1600 Australian school-children revealed those who used cannabis regularly were five times more likely to develop depression and anxiety in later life.
Similarly, it was found that an individual was four times more likely to develop schizophrenia if they started smoking cannabis before the age of 15.
Other causes of death have been related to marijuana use, yet are not directly linked to cannabis poisoning. Fatal accidents, such as car crashes, have been linked to cannabis as it can impair psychomotor performances.
In the UK, the government listed five deaths from cannabis between 1993 and 1995, yet an investigation revealed the deaths had been due to inhalation of vomit.
There are, however, arguments that cannabis has medical benefits. It is a muscle-relaxant which is believed to help multiple sclerosis patients, by helping to subside the neurological effects and muscle spasms. Marijuana is also said to help relieve sickness and nausea in stages of cancer and AIDS.
3 November 2013 | Jonnybarkphotos
8 | 'Tim is just Tim'
The film was an expert insight into the 'life and time' of Tim Hetherington, created by good friend and collaborator Sebastian Junger. As well as giving invaluable information about arguably the most talented photo-journalist of his generation, the film shows Hetherington as who he was, not what he was. There was a beautiful quote from James Barabazon saying 'He was just Tim It's very hard to find that'; and this is the key message of the film, Hetherington wasn't political or war orientated, he was a humanitarian trying to make the world a better place. Other photo-journalists capture what they see, Hetherington captures what the audience needs to see to bring humanity to the situation and try and make a change. Instead of being a traditional documentary, it felt like an adapted screenplay because of the emotional story, which if you knew nothing about Hetherington before, you would feel the world still needs his photographs to comment on the latest human tragedies. It feels as if he brings clarity to photography, his new ideas about sleeping soldiers and bravely breaking barriers seem so right, but they were very much is unique traits in the medium, and its such a sadness to loose such a brilliant personality as Hetherington. The film showed an unedited visual of the photo-journalist; Hetherington speaking how he felt about what he stood for, it didn't just show what he stood for, but who he was as well and how everyone felt the same way.
Image caption Deutsche Telekom is one of the five telecoms firms who took part in the meetings
The European Union is investigating meetings between five of the region's biggest telecoms, including Vodafone and Deutsche Telekom.
The other telecom giants are Spain's Telefonica - which owns O2 in the UK - as well as Telecom Italia and Orange owner France Telecom, a European Commission spokeswoman said.
The investigation will look into what the five companies discussed.
But the Commission said the firms were not yet subject to a formal inquiry.
The investigation also includes the GSMA, the mobile operators' association, the spokeswoman said.
"The requests for information relate to the manner in which standardisation for future services in the mobile communications area is taking place," she added.
"The Commission has not opened formal proceedings.
"These fact-finding steps do not mean that we have competition concerns at this stage, nor do they prejudge the follow-up."
The five companies - dubbed the "E5" in some news reports - began meeting at the beginning of 2010 to discuss mobile internet standards in the future.
A Vodafone spokesman told the BBC the meetings were "open and transparent" and called the probe a "pre-investigation".
"We received a request for information from the Commission and responded to that towards the end of last year," he added.
The growing controversy over shale gas in Britain has engulfed what Jane Austen once described as the "fine and striking environs" of Bath, home to the world famous hot springs.
Council leaders and MPs have hit out at plans to drill gas wells in the nearby Mendip Hills, which they fear will lead to highly toxic chemicals pumped into the ground in a threat to local water supplies. Two Australian-owned companies, Eden Energy and UK Methane, have obtained licences to explore for shale and are applying to Mendip district council for planning permission to test-drill.
Paul Crossley, head of the local authority, said: "There is great concern that the process of fracking will result in the water courses leading to the natural hot springs being contaminated with pollutants from this process, or for the waters to adopt a different direction of travel through new fractures in the underlying rocks.
"Bath and North East Somerset council has obtained the very best expert advice on this matter and there is little to suggest that any thought has been given to the potential for damage to the deep water sources that supply the springs in Bath."
The springs have been used for medicinal purposes since Roman times and now supply the successful Thermae Bath Spa, which is a big draw for tourists.
Tessa Munt, Liberal Democrat MP for Wells, has written to the energy minister, Charles Hendry, demanding to know why local people have not been consulted. "I share my constituent's unease of this highly suspect method of squeezing the last drops of non-renewable fuel from a highly sensitive and indeed fragile part of the country," she argues.
The potential of shale energy was outlined last week when an energy company claimed that two wells it had drilled in a rural area behind the Lancashire city of Blackpool indicated the presence of 200 trillion cubic feet of gas.
Cuadrilla Resources, whose board contains former BP boss Lord Browne, said it could create more than 5,000 jobs and might want to drill up to 800 similar wells in the Lancashire region, although critics have described the estimates as excessive.
The shale boom, which uses "fracking" – the fracturing of rock via toxic chemicals – but also groundbreaking drilling methods to extract gas out of shale rock, started in the US and has sent the price of natural gas there spiralling downwards.
It has also triggered strong opposition from environmentalists who claim the chemicals can easily seep into drinking water ,and they give examples of tap water igniting in people's homes.
A New York state assembly in June passed a one-year moratorium on hydraulic fracturing, while a month earlier the lower house of parliament in France approved a bill to ban shale gas drilling there.
The EU is considering whether restrictions need to be imposed on fracking amid a rush to better understand what this new form of shale drilling entails.
But there is also enormous excitement in countries such as Poland that they could escape from their dependence on Russian or other foreign gas suppliers if indigenous shale reserves can be found, as many gas experts predict.
ExxonMobil, the American oil giant, will begin fracking at a second shale well in Poland next week, having recently finished the process at a more advanced well, it said on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, in Bath, the local council wants the government to extend the controls contained in the County of Avon Act, which require municipal consent for excavation below certain depths. The controls do not cover activities outside specific geographical areas, including the Mendip district council area and Crossley said this must change. "Understandably the act approved by parliament in 1982 did not foresee the levels of protection required to protect the hot springs from fracking."
Clearly Austen, who lived in the city during the early 1800s and wrote some of her most famous novels there with the city as a backdrop, could not have foreseen Bath as the new Baku.
In Northanger Abbey, she writes: "They arrived in Bath. Catherine was all eager delight; her eyes were here, there, everywhere, as they approached its fine and striking environs, and afterwards drove through those streets which conducted them to the hotel. She was come to be happy, and she felt happy already."
Israel and Hamas are to hold a five-hour ceasefire to allow UN humanitarian aid to enter the Gaza Strip.
The UN asked Israel on Wednesday for a unilateral pause, a UN official told Al Jazeera, as renewed air strikes on the enclave threatened a major humanitarian crisis.
The army said Israel has decided that "between 10am (7am GMT) and 3pm (12pm GMT) the Israeli military will cease operational activity within the Gaza Strip and hold its fire".
In a statement in response, Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said: "The group agrees to a ceasefire for five hours".
At least 226 Palestinians have been killed and 1,685 others injured in nine days of bombardment by Israel on the Gaza Strip.
Hospitals in the city are running out of medical supplies and the Red Cross has warned of acute water shortages.
The renewed bombing came one day after a failed attempt at a ceasefire proposed by the Egyptian government. It asked Israel and Hamas to halt their fire on Tuesday morning and dispatch envoys to Cairo to discuss further terms.
The Israeli cabinet agreed, but Hamas, which said it was never consulted on the ceasefire, rejected it in "its current form".
The group has notified Egypt of the changes it was seeking, Ghazi Hamad, a senior Hamas official said.
"The initiative should include clear wording on fully lifting the blockade on Gaza, including opening all the crossings and releasing the rearrested prisoners from the [Gilad] Shalit deal in the West Bank," Hamad said.
Twitter campaign
Israeli jets resumed bombing the strip on Tuesday afternoon after a six-hour lull. Fighters in Gaza launched more than 60 rockets at Israel on Wednesday.
One Israeli was killed a by a Hamas-launched rocket on Tuesday, the only Israeli fatality since the fighting erupted on July 8.
Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, had warned that Hamas will pay a high price for rejecting Egypt's ceasefire plan.
On Wednesday, Netanyahu's Twitter account used promoted tweets seeking to build support for the Gaza campaign.
Israel jets carried out dozens of air raids on Wednesday, targeting 30 houses, including those of senior Hamas leaders Mahmoud Zahar, Jamila Shanti, Fathi Hamas and Ismail Ashkar.
The army sent automated phone calls and text messages and dropped leaflets from planes threatening of more air strikes and prompting tens of thousands of residents to flee border areas.
One interesting thing to note about this year's Super Bowl, is that both NFL championship games were played in states where marijuana is totally legal. New Jersey State Senator Nicholas Scutari wants us to follow in their footsteps .
David McNew/Getty Images
Scutari, a Democrat from Union county who is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, plans to introduce legislation within a month that will call for the legalization of marijuana. So far, this drug is only allowed in New Jersey for medicinal purposes.
Calling New Jersey's war on marijuana a “miserable failure,” Scutari says legalization of the sale and possession of marijuana would help police stop fighting a losing and expensive battle in the war on drugs, and would prevent otherwise law-abiding citizens from ruining their futures with a minor drug conviction. Not to mention the money it would bring into the economy.
Governor Chris Christie, former U.S. Attorney for New Jersey, has been vehemently opposed to legalization of the sale and possession of marijuana and has resisted efforts to expand the state's new medical marijuana laws.
I think legalizing marijuana is long overdue. It not only reduces crime, but creates jobs and boosts the economy as well, not to mention what it will do for the pizza business. Peyton Manning owns twenty one Papa Johns franchises in Colorado, whose state our marijuana law could be modeled after.
Pizza franchises where pot is legal? Now that's wise investing! Especially in New Jersey, where the pizza is unmatched!
What do you think? Would you like to see marijuana totally legal in New Jersey? Are we not more progressive than both Washington and Colorado?
Massive environmental destruction promised by the Resolution Copper Mining project at Oak Flat campground near Superior in theory could be halted by findings from an upcoming study.
The federal process of producing an environmental impact statement on the project can't stop the planned mine directly, anti-mining activists admit. But depending on what the review concludes, it could be used as key evidence for a possible law that would reverse the 2014 land swap that makes the project possible, they say.
Environmentalists and Native American groups have strongly opposed the project for more than 10 years but were dealt a blow in December 2014 with the unexpected land-swap deal by Republican Arizona U.S. senators John McCain and Jeff Flake, which trades 2,422 acres around Oak Flat for 5,344 the mining company owns elsewhere.
Continue Reading
Last week, the U.S. Forest Service kicked off the study with the announcement of a public-comment period and dates for Q&A sessions around central Arizona (see below).
The EIS is expected to take several years to complete as officials scrutinize the mine's capacity for pollution, land degradation, and eradication of historic sites. Over the next few weeks, Forest Service officials will read through the comments and discuss the project with interested residents, all of whom will help determine the scope of the environmental analysis.
"The EIS is set up to disclose all the known effects of the project's plan
and develops a plan to mitigate Forest Service land impact," says Marie Sebrechts, spokeswoman for the U.S. Forest Service.
RCM, with majority ownership by Australia's Rio Tinto company, has acknowledged that the environmental impact will include a crater of sunken land more than a mile in diameter, plus the creation of a mountain of tailings that will be dumped in the desert. Outdoor enthusiasts have joined Native Americans in criticizing the project in an area that has been used extensively for decades by campers, hikers, bird-watchers and rock-climbers. This year, the third annual Queen Creek Boulder Comp will take place on April 2 and is expected to draw about 100 climbers.
Rio Tinto and mine supporters, including McCain and Democratic Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick, claim the project will be an economic boon to the state, digging out nearly two billion tons of ore and generating up to $60 billion in commercial activity over several decades.
Since the National Park Service put the site on the National Register of Historic Places earlier this month, the EIS will also study how, or if, mining activity would damage the place's historical significance.
Sandy Bahr Sierra Club
Usually, the EIS process would allow the government to evaluate a project like this, then reject it based on the findings if the impact is too severe. But under the 2014 land-swap law, Rio Tinto gets title to land two months after the EIS is complete, whatever the EIS finds.
Still, it's not a done deal until that "dotted line" is signed, says Sandy Bahr, executive director of the Sierra Club's Grand Canyon Chapter.
She's confident the results of the EIS will "make it clear this swap is a bad deal for the American people."
The best hope for activists is a new law that unravels the land swap before it's finalized.
Last June, Arizona Congressman Raul Grijalva unveiled the "Save Oak Flat Act," which now has about 40 co-sponsors. It's been stalled by the GOP-dominated House, but the more time that goes by, the better the chances for that bill or something similar, says Curt Shannon, policy analyst for the Access Fund.
"If things get strung out four or six years, the makeup of Congress could change," Shannon says.
The EIS, being a mandatory bureaucratic government process, will build a long delay into the process that's welcomed by environmentalists like Shannon and Bahr.
The new historic designation will slow things down even more. Now, the EIS "has to take into account cultural issues that it would not have had to take into account otherwise," Shannon says.
But mining advocates cried foul over the sudden NPS designation. Republican Arizona Congressman Paul Gosar said earlier this month that the Obama administration's historic designation was "incompatible" with efforts to start mining operations.
Gosar also noted that Apache historian Dale Miles disputes the claim that Oak Flat is an important Native American site.
Andrew Taplin, RCM project director, said the company welcomes the EIS review "to identify potential environmental and cultural concerns so that they can be analyzed and mitigated ... As we move from project permitting to a mining operation, our pledge is continually improved our performance."
RMC expects to start mining in about five years, having already spent several years and more than a $1 billion in preparations.
Below: Information from the Forest Service on how to submit comments about the mine and on the upcoming open-house events.
Submit a comment at www.ResolutionMineEIS.us Email written comments to: comments@ResolutionMineEIS.us Send written comments via postal mail to: Resolution EIS Comments, P.O. Box 34468, Phoenix, AZ 85067-4468 Send fax or voicemail to 866-546-5718 Attend an open house public meeting The open house meetings will be held from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m. with a formal presentation at 5:30 p.m., followed by a brief question and answer session. March 31, 2016, 5:00 – 8:00 p.m. Queen Valley Recreation Hall, 1478 East Queen Valley Drive, Queen Valley, Arizona.
April 4, 2016, 5:00 – 8:00 p.m. Superior High School, Multi-purpose room, 100 Mary Drive, Superior, Arizona.
April 5, 2016, 5:00 – 8:00 p.m. Elks Lodge, 1775 East Maple Street, Globe, Arizona.
April 6, 2016, 5:00 – 8:00 p.m. Southwest Regional Library, 775 North Greenfield Road, Gilbert, Arizona.
