Which service does Brian Burke use less: statisticians or hair stylists?
Wednesday's loss to the Edmonton Oilers didn't “sit well” with the Washington Capitals. With all the puck possession but not enough scoarage, they'll be trying to right that wrong with a late game against the Calgary Flames. No, seriously, it's super late. This game is going to run your Saturday night. 10 PM on CSN.
Team Record Possession PDO Power Play Penalty Kill Washington Capitals 3-1-2 55.03% 101.15 27.3% 86.4% Calgary Flames 5-3-1 44.22% 105.74 18.5% 75.9%
Projected Lineup
Per Alex Prewitt, Barry Trotz has shaken (shaked? shooken?) up the lines, and I like it! (Mostly.)
Ovechkin – Backstrom – Fehr
Johansson – Burakovsky – Brouwer
Chimera – Kuznetsov – Beagle
O'Brien – Latta – Ward
Orpik – Carlson
Alzner – Niskanen
Schmidt – Green
Holtby
Top-Line Fehr! Numfar, Do the Dance of Joy!
Storylines
What You're Missing on TV
It's 10 PM on Saturday. There's nothing on– unless you want to watch Child's Play 2 or Scary Movie 3. Goodness, those movies are awful.
Oh wait! The original Village of the Damned is on TCM if you get that channel. That movie is terrific. A classic.
Full RMNB Coverage of Caps at Flames
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
It's a never-ending question among Firefly fans: will we ever go into the black again? While Joss Whedon was able to put together Serenity as an apt coda for his story about a band of rag-tag misfits, rumor has it there's renewed interest in doing something new with the story. During last month's Television Critics Association panels, executives from Fox noted that they were somewhat interested in a revival of the show.
Before you get too excited, the odds are slim. Fox broadcasting president of entertainment David Madden noted that they've seen quite a bit of success with revivals of shows such as X-Files and 24, and that he would “be open to a Firefly reboot if Joss Whedon himself wanted to revisit it.” Just as quickly, he noted that Whedon's probably too busy to consider it. But, the seed is planted, and it does sort of look as though there could be a window of opportunity to revisit the world, as some of the actors aren't locked into long-term roles (Nathan Fillion's show Castle is now wrapped, for example), and Whedon himself doesn't appear (publicly speaking) to be locked into a major film or show: IMDb only lists the untitled WWII horror project that was announced last fall.
So if Firefly were to return, now would be the right time. But should it?
Why Firefly should come back
Tasha: Speaking solely in the abstract, Firefly has never been more relevant than it is right now, in the sense that it's a story about a bunch of outlaws who “aim to misbehave” by resisting a corrupt and questionably legitimate regime and operating outside its boundaries wherever possible. There's a lot to sympathize with there. But the primary argument for bringing Firefly back has always been that it never fully felt like the show got its due, at least in terms of finding time to properly tell the stories Joss Whedon set up.
Serenity and a series of Dark Horse spinoff comics filled the largest holes and answered the major questions, but it just seems like there's so much more for these characters to do. (If nothing else, for once it'd be nice to have a Joss Whedon story actually take the time to deal with the fallout from a major character dying for emotional effect in the climax of a story.) Leaving the practical problems aside — and boy, are there a lot of them — the argument for a resurrection is simple: Firefly's world and its characters are memorable and compelling, and they never had time to fully bake. The show barely made it past the Whedon introduction stage where we're getting to know everyone's personalities. It always felt like the real plot, the bigger story, was waiting until we'd gotten past these early adventures.
Chaim: Look, I really like Firefly. The cast has this easy camaraderie that made them fun to watch and the universe had a gritty realism that was refreshing after growing up watching the clean-cut adventures of the crew of the Enterprise. Sure — as Tasha noted — most of the main storylines issues were tied up rather hastily through Serenity and the spinoff comics. But it didn't have to be that way, and one can only assume that Whedon has plenty of ideas about where he wanted to take Firefly. The universe, with its terraformed moons and class-based struggle between the wealthy, technologically elite Core planets and the Rim worlds is a fascinating backdrop for storytelling, especially given today's political climate.
There are plenty of reasons from both plot and behind-the-scenes perspectives as to why more Firefly wouldn't work. But I have enough nostalgia for the show that I could forgive a whole lot of flaws just to see the crew back at the helm.
Andrew: I fell head-over-heels in love with the show when I first watched, but my passion for it has cooled with time. That said, what I liked the most about the show was what felt at the time like a unique twist on the sci-fi TV formula.
We had a gritty, Western-inspired universe, plenty of planets and moons to explore, adventures to get into, and a much larger, overarching story that was ultimately resolved in Serenity. It has a rich and varied mythos to play with, and I think that there's a lot of untapped potential that Whedon and executive producer Tim Minear never got around to exploring. While the show did have its issues (its portrayals of women and other cultures haven't aged well), I'd love to see just where the show could go, if given some more time and energy.
Maybe we should just let it die
Andrew: As much as I've enjoyed Firefly, it's one of those shows that I've always felt is okay to let drift off into space. Far too often, you'll see science fiction shows that stumble around for a couple of seasons, trying to find their way to a good story. While Firefly's brief season was largely good — even great at points — more episodes means that you run the risk of having bad ones in the mix as well. Like artists who tragically pas at the height of their popularity, Firefly didn't have the opportunity to tarnish its quality.
Adi: Firefly was uniquely fun because of two things: the central mystery that was resolved in Serenity, and the characters' interpersonal interactions. Beyond the psychic research and the Reavers (both of whom are connected to said mystery), its world isn't different enough from other space Westerns for me to specifically want to return to it.
If I watched a reboot, it would be to see the characters I'm already invested in. That would rule out an all-new cast of characters in their own ship. And even if every original actor is still game, going back to the Serenity crew wouldn't be the same without the characters killed off in the movie. Any new crew members would get put in the weird position of filling their shoes. I'd much rather see a really good new TV series from Joss Whedon than a sad echo of the greatest hit.
Chaim: There's an argument to be made that we've gone down this road before. Serenity was the response to years of fans begging for the movie to return in some fashion, and it was a fulfilling cap to the series. It reunited the entire original cast and put Joss Whedon back in the director's chair. It wrapped up most of the major plot points that had been left dangling, gave us a final chance to see the crew together — on the big screen, with a budget far greater than the show ever had — and provided narrative closure.
This isn't like the soon-to-return Twin Peaks or Samurai Jack, both of which left huge questions unanswered for fans. Since the finale of the TV series, even the smallest of outstanding fan questions have been addressed in the various runs of Firefly comics. We know what happened to the mysterious Hands of Blue, and the entirety of Shepherd Book's mysterious backstory. The story of Firefly has been thoroughly told for those willing to seek it out.
Tasha: As I said above, there are endless practical problems. It's impossible to go back and fill in the older adventures of Serenity's crew, because the actors are now all visibly 15 years older than they were during the show's first run. Just getting them all back together would be difficult, considering how many of the actors are currently involved with other projects. We saw with Arrested Development's awkward reboot how problematic it can be when a director tries to work around stars' availabilities by grabbing whoever's available for solo shoots. Better no reboot than a badly staged one.
If Firefly were to come back, what would we want to see?
Andrew: A Firefly reboot feels like one of those things that will hit television at some point down the road. It has a passionate fan base, and science fiction television appears to be popular again with shows like Dark Matter, Killjoys, The Expanse, and Star Trek Discovery. Plus, networks seems to have a never-ending demand for reboots and remakes. If Firefly were to come back, I'd like it to take on a sort of Next Generation situation where the creators keep the universe, but put together a new cast and a new story.
Reboots are hard to do, and there's always the worry that you'll put together a technically interesting production that lacks the chemistry that made the original special. But it's better, I think, to use the existing elements — the ship designs, the larger story of the Verse — to put together a story that takes place apart from the crew of the Serenity. Want to check in with Malcolm Reynolds? Get Nathan Fillion in for a cameo. The verse is a large universe, told from a very small perspective: there's plenty of room for other, interesting stories and characters.
Adi: My best-case scenario is that they go radically different: a spinoff from the perspective of the Alliance. The show flirted with moral ambiguity, and I'd like to see it make a case for the bad guys, which would prevent us from just getting Folksy Smuggler Crew 2.0. You could return to elements of the original show, but with a radically different aesthetic and plot — think the Caprica to Firefly's Battlestar Galactica. Admittedly, I did not finish watching Caprica, which may not be a good sign. But at the very least, it doesn't sully my memory of the original series.
Chaim: I agree with Andrew in that this is definitely a question of “when” rather than “if.” Sequels and reboots are too popular in Hollywood these days to leave any franchise — especially one with as devoted of a fanbase as Firefly — down for long. I can see a world in which the original cast is reunited for a “10 years later” series, but I'm not sure I'd want that. As Adi pointed out, the missing crew members leave some serious holes that'd be almost impossible to fill, and seeing an older Mal Reynolds still doggedly shouting against the injustices of the universe a decade later sounds exhausting.
I think the best template for a future return is something like The Force Awakens, which was a cinematic masterclass in handing off a storied legacy from an older original cast to a new, fresh crop of characters. If Firefly does come back, working in a similar transitory hand-off to a new generation of characters (Zoe and Wash canonically have a daughter who'd make a kickass captain) would be my preference.
Tasha: The only way I'd sign on is if, as Madden says, Joss Whedon was back on board. I've had on-and-off problems with Whedon projects (like that tendency to kill off main characters without giving their friends any time for the reflection and reaction that would make those deaths anything more than cheap shock value), but I trust his ambition, the alchemy that keeps him in touch with what the fans want, and above all, his devotion to his own properties. He loves the worlds he creates, and it shows in the time and energy and consistency he puts into them. A rebooted Firefly series without his involvement risks getting everything wrong about the world and what gives it interesting and meaningful texture. And if he doesn't think it's worth doing, I don't think it's worth doing.
Senate Bill 326, authored by Senator Janet Nguyen to protect the state's only scholarship for middle class students from being eliminated from the state budget, cleared the Senate Education Committee.
Senator Nguyen introduced SB 326 in response to Governor Brown's plans to phase out funding for the Middle Class Scholarship to 75 percent of 2017-2018 levels, eventually eliminating the program in its entirety. SB 326 will ensure that the Middle Class Scholarship will remain intact and continuously funded at its current levels.
“Since middle class families do not qualify for other forms of financial aid, the Middle Class Scholarship is one of the only programs available to help them finance their child's education,” said Senator Janet Nguyen. “If this program ends, families may have to reconsider the future of their child's higher education altogether.”
Established in 2013 and administered by the California Student Aid Commission, the Middle Class Scholarship has benefited tens of thousands of California undergraduate students. In the 2016-17 academic year, 56,104 University of California (UC) and Cal State University (CSU) students received this scholarship.
The Middle Class Scholarship has become essential for many students whose family incomes are too high to qualify for Cal Grants, but too low to afford the full financial burden of the cost of a UC or CSU education. Since the recession in 2008, tuition and fees for UCs and CSUs have, in some cases, more than doubled while costs for housing, food and books have also increased. The annual cost for a UC education has reached $34,000.
“It's time to take a stand for California's middle class families. SB 326 is the solution that would ensure the current Middle Class Scholarship is continuously funded, protecting the
State's promise to California students who do not qualify for most financial aid,” said Senator Janet Nguyen. “I am pleased that my Senate colleagues who serve on the Senate Education Committee have joined me in fighting for California's middle class.”
In an effort to garner support for SB 326, Senator Nguyen has launched a petition to call on the Senate Appropriations Committee and Governor Brown to approve this bill. To date, SB 326 is supported by the California Student Aid Commission and has received bipartisan support and votes in the Senate.
To sign the petition, please visit Senator Nguyen's website at:https://lcmspubcontact.lc.ca.gov/PublicLCMS/SDInfo/einvites/SD34/169_Petition_to_Preserve_the_Middle_Class_Scholarship.html
This article was released by the Office of Senator Janet Nguyen.
Startup activity can signal a city's economic potential, but it's actually the quality of the startups, not the quantity, that matters.
That's just one of several important findings from a paper released this week by Jorge Guzman and Scott Stern, both of MIT. The paper surveys the landscape of American entrepreneurship, offering an optimistic picture of it and of the U.S. economy's future prospects.
The study's core point is simple. We've long known that new businesses matter to the economy and that it's a small group of fast-growing firms that matter most, because of the jobs and innovation they bring. What Guzman and Stern add is a method for identifying the firms that are trying to grow. A new restaurant or dry cleaner probably won't end up hiring thousands of employees or commercializing new technology. On the other hand, what the authors call “innovation-driven enterprises” — think Facebook or Google — do intend to grow and can have significant economic impact. Guzman and Stern's quality measure seeks to separate the former from the latter.
With this measure of entrepreneurship “quality” in hand, the researchers can map the geography of startup potential, linking it to cities' future growth.
The chart above shows where cities fall according to Guzman and Stern's measure of average startup quality between 2001 and 2003 — more on that in a moment — and compares that to their GDP growth from 2003–2014. “A doubling of entrepreneurial quality predicts an increase of 6.8% in GDP 11 years in the future,” the authors report. By contrast, startup quantity is less correlated and not significantly linked once the city's current GDP is controlled for.
The authors say they are not implying that entrepreneurship, even the quality kind, necessarily causes growth. It could also be that “the reason people start firms is that they see opportunities,” said Guzman, which would mean measures of entrepreneurship could simply reflect a city's economic strength rather than causing it.
To determine which new firms are likely to grow, Guzman and Stern developed an algorithm that predicts the chances of a startup going public or being acquired for a significant sum. Firms that register in Delaware are more likely to grow, for instance, as are firms that file as a corporation rather than a partnership or an LLC. Firms that apply for patents are also more likely to grow. Firms that are named after their founders are less so.
Amazingly, these and other factors can predict a startup's prospects pretty well. Three-quarters of the startups that end up going public or being acquired score in the top 10% by this algorithm, based only on factors available at the time of their founding. The algorithm isn't good enough to distinguish Facebook from MySpace, so it won't help venture capitalists do their work. But by applying this algorithm to business registration records, the researchers can get a reasonable measure of the entrepreneurial quality of a city, state, or nation.
Insight Center Entrepreneurship for the Long Term Sponsored by Northern Trust Set your company up for success.
In addition to predicting growth, the researchers' measure of startup quality challenges two common economic arguments. The first is that American entrepreneurship is in decline. That's true as measured by the number of new businesses, but Guzman and Stern's measure shows that America's entrepreneurial potential has increased since the Great Recession and that in 2014 it was almost as high as its 2000 peak. In some places, including the Bay Area, it's at record highs. (Guzman and Stern's data is restricted to 15 states but includes the major U.S. startup hubs.)
The second bit of pushback concerns the argument, put forward by economists such as Larry Summers and Robert Gordon, that America is facing a period of slow economic growth. “Our index does say there's been a steady growth of [quality] entrepreneurship,” Guzman said, and he sees this as reason for optimism. Whether or not startups directly cause economic growth, they seem to predict it, so the high number of growth-oriented startups in recent years may be cause for confidence in the future of the American economy.
The challenge, as FiveThirtyEight's Ben Casselman explains in his coverage of the research, is that quality startups don't seem to be as likely to grow as in the past. The number of startups that the algorithm scores as quality is high, but the likelihood of a successful IPO or acquisition hasn't kept up. This could be a function of funding availability and the IPO market, or it could reflect something darker about the U.S. economy, perhaps that incumbents are more protected from competition than they used to be. In a companion policy paper, Guzman, Stern, Catherine Fazio, and Fiona Murray urge policymakers to take this drop in growth events seriously by focusing on the problems startups face when trying to scale.
The good news is that the potential is there. America is producing fewer new businesses than it once did but plenty of the ones that matter most. The trick is to make sure that they grow.
Last week, we watched Bonnie (Liza Weil) fail to get Annalise (Viola Davis) released on bail in How to Get Away with Murder's midseason premiere . ADA Atwood's (Milauna Jackson) team is still trying to prove that Annalise started the fire at her home — and they convince a judge that there's enough evidence to deny Bonnie's bail request.Annalise, unsurprisingly, is struggling to get used to life behind bars. She's too self-conscious to pee in front of her cellmates. And every time she closes her eyes, she sees flashbacks to when Wes (Alfred Enoch) was still alive In this exclusive clip from Thursday's episode, we see Bonnie's still hard at work to free Annalise. Frank (Charlie Weber) has, probably falsely, confessed to murdering Wes. Bonnie tells Annalise that because of Frank's confession, Atwood's team will have to drop their charges against her."I'm getting you out of here, Annalise, by the end of the day, tomorrow at the latest. Trust me," Bonnie tells her.But after the court hearing , Annalise doesn't have much faith in Bonnie. "I trusted you to get me out on bail — look how that went," Annalise responds, through tears.We hardly ever get to see Annalise's vulnerability, so it looks like this week's episode will be an especially moving one. Davis' incredible acting makes us cry along with her character, even if she's a pretty bad person. It's heartbreaking to see Annalise (probably?) wrongfully imprisoned, so we're hoping Bonnie's efforts will be successful.
As people look back on the week of September 11, 2001, many can discover a lot of learning lessons from the events that happened in their lives. As much as the Twin Towers Tragedy brought so much sorrow to so many Americans, I discovered what mattered most in my life.
Every family across the U.S. has a story to share on how September 11 changed their lives forever. For many of us, it brought us closer to the ones that matter most. For me, it was a wakeup call in my co-parenting relationship, and how it needed to change. I have never told this story before, and on the 10th anniversary month of 9/11.... I think it is time to tell.
In the fall of 2001, I was in my second year as a divorced dad, raising a family of three. Getting back on my feet and out of my 2-bedroom apartment and into a home was a priority at the time. Like most newly divorced dads, my life had gone through a tough transition. I was angry, immature and had a poor co-parenting relationship with my ex-spouse. So much drama builds up during the family court proceedings, with neither party feeling good about the ordeal of a broken family at the end. We gave ourselves so many chances to make it work, but far too often our anger and ego got in the way of forgiveness and reconciliation. Our children were young. In fact, September 11, 2001 was our youngest daughter's 2nd birthday, and our other two children were 3 and 5 years of age. I was looking forward to having my three children together that day and having a birthday party at my new residence for my little one. I was just starting to feel like my life was getting back into order.
I remember my alarm clock going off at my regular 6AM start. The alarm played my favorite, morning rock radio station. What made this morning different was that the alarm did not have the regular humor or vulgarity on the station that attracts morning listeners making their commute to work, like me. This alarm was different. The radio was stone-cold silent. The disc jockey had no music playing at the time when he made the announcement. It sounded something like this, "We are getting word that there has been an accident in Ney York City's Twin Towers, possibly a plane crash..."
I had a girlfriend living with me at the time, and as I looked over to her in bed, I said, "Turn on the TV, something is wrong". We scanned the TV looking for coverage and at the time, not many stations were up to speed on the event. I finished getting ready for work and got my kids up to get ready for school. I found CNN news station that was showing the coverage and I saw smoke coming from the first tower. My children were now awake sitting around the kitchen table eating breakfast and getting dressed for school. I had tried putting a call into my ex spouse and she didn't pick up my call so I left her a voice message asking her if school was still open for the day. I called into my office, but it was still too early and nobody was in to answer the phones.
As I was heading to drop off my kids to daycare, pre-school and Kindergarten, I decided to drive by my ex-spouse's house to check on her as the news is escalating on the car radio. I am greeted at her door by her, only to discover that she had just woken up. I informed her of the tragedy and as she turns on her TV, we discover together that the second tower has been hit. I am shocked by the news, and even more shocked that I am sitting in the house that I once owned with her and watching the news on my old TV. We sit there together silent and in shock as we watch the first tower drop to the ground.
Nothing is making sense on TV. Too many TV stations are reporting different versions of what is happening. Are we under attack? Is this going to happen here? Are we in danger? Where do we go to get away from this chaos? Needless to say, we didn't realize that our discussions between us were being watched. Our three children are looking at us a little confused watching their mother and father together talking like civilized people. What a strange experience it must have been for them to see how we once used to act in front of them.
In the meantime, my phone is blowing up with calls from my office. I was a branch manager at the time of a nationwide mortgage company and many employees, customers and business affiliates were calling to see if we were open for business. I didn't know what to say. All of my immediate supervisors were unavailable. I told everyone that called to go home and be with family; business was closed until further notice.
At that moment, I had decided to run to the office and lock everything up and make sure the building was secure (who knew if they would attack my office in San Diego, right?) As I got back into my car, my ex-spouse and I talked on the phone together about setting an emergency evacuation plan in case if things got worse. I didn't want to be separated from my children and I wanted to know where they were going to be all day. Now that I can look back on this moment, I realize that I was too afraid to say that I was also concerned about my ex-spouse's safety as well. She had no family in town, and mine were only an hour away. As awkward as my dialog came out, the message was understood and we talked throughout the day on our emergency plan in case we had to evacuate. You would have never known that these two adults had adifficult post-divorce relationship. We had both contacted our parents and set up a plan on how we could make sure everyone would be safe and secure during the national tragedy. All evacuation plans included sticking together and not allowing the children to separate from either parent. At this moment, I realized that our relationship had changed. What mattered most to both of us was having our family around regardless of our post-divorce relationship failures. Our co-parenting relationship changed that moment and I can now look back and see how that conversation was the defining moment. Our talks of evacuation and sticking together during the crisis was more important to us than the past two years of needless bickering and trying to point out who is wrong in our daily dialog that we once had together.
As the rest of the events unfolded that day, I was starting to sense a lot of fear in the air. I had gone back to my house and watched TV with my girlfriend and listened to her version of an emergency, evacuation plan. At that moment, I had to speak my peace and share my plans. "I can't leave my children..." which was my response to her inquiry. "And it's not fair to leave their mother behind either, so any plans that we have must include her and my children..." Needless to say, the next 24 hours of that discussion took on many different directions but I never wavered from including my children and ex-spouse. How that girlfriend relationship ended is another story to tell, however, the reality of dating any divorced parent is that your life is involved with all parties in the family, including the ex-spouse.
When Blackwater founder Erik Prince took his seat before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform last October, in the midst of a firestorm over the killing of 17 civilians in Baghdad by his contractors the previous month, the 38-year-old was at the helm of a fast-growing global business--and had the confidence to match. Sporting a neatly pressed suit and a fresh military-style haircut that evoked his service as a Navy seal, Prince had been prepped by crisis-management specialists from the Beltway PR firm Burson-Marsteller, and throughout the tense four-hour hearing he leaned back frequently to confer with his lawyer. A private man who seldom gives interviews, he nevertheless seemed at ease in a room filled with politicians, cameras, and reporters. He extolled his men's professionalism--"I believe we acted appropriately at all times"--and bristled at the term most commonly used to describe his line of work. "The Oxford dictionary defines a mercenary as a professional soldier working for a foreign government," he said. "We have Americans working for America, protecting Americans."
Valerie Adams, the double Olympic shot‑put champion, cuts an imposing figure as she stretches out her hand to say hello. At 6ft 4in and weighing 260lb (18st 7lb), Adams is even more striking when she settles into an interview which offers some bleak reminders of how doping has tarnished the integrity of athletics.
Steven Adams interview: 'I'm not trying to be a bad guy' Read more
The Olympic Games begin in Rio de Janeiro next month and the possibility of Adams winning a third successive gold medal, having been cheated temporarily out of victory in London four years ago, will be a gripping subplot. The New Zealander has a powerful personal story – having lost her mother at 15, being one of 18 siblings and winning 56 competitions in a row – but she is at her most compelling when standing up to the cheats and dopers.
Adams offers a blistering response after she is asked an obvious early question. Is Russia's ban from Rio a significant step forward? “It will definitely be a positive step because if you don't stop it at the top it will just keep going,” Adams says as she leans forward and talks starkly. “I have no sympathy whatsoever for anyone once they have been done. For me it's like someone who cheats on their spouse. Once a cheater always a cheater. Kick them out and don't let them back in. That's my stance on doping. Zero tolerance. Some people are more lenient towards athletes who do this – but not me. I'm very cut-throat because I have been affected by it three times.
“In 2004, at the Athens Olympics, I finished ninth [behind winner Irina Korzhanenko of Russia, subsequently convicted of doping at those Games] and so I missed out on three extra throws [granted to the top eight competitors]. In 2005 Nadzeya Ostapchuk [of Belarus] got the world championship gold ahead of me but then, eight years later, they retested her results and she got caught for doping. Same thing happened in 2012 at the London Olympics. Me and another shot-putter did a count. We needed two hands to count the 10 shot‑put athletes who have been done for doping in my career.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Valerie Adams competes at the world indoor championships in Portland in March. Photograph: Ian Walton/Getty Images for IAAF
Is shot put an especially tainted discipline? “It's across the board. Definitely, in the past, our event was very tainted but now we've got a high‑jumper from Russia up for doping.”
Adams shakes her head. Six weeks ago Anna Chicherova, who won gold in the high jump at London 2012, was one of 31 athletes alleged to have failed retaken drug tests from the 2008 Olympics where she was the bronze medallist. Chicherova has been provisionally suspended by the International Association of Athletics Federations despite blaming supplements and vowing to clear her name. “I was surprised by that … a high‑jumper? So it's potentially spread across the board.
“This whole situation with doping right now is damaging to our sport. It fires me up to educate our young athletes and make them understand it is possible to become a champion without using illegal substances. That's so important because it ruins your life. You've worked so hard for what? You get caught and then what? To win something because of a lie?”
Defending her Olympic title in London, Adams finished second behind Ostapchuk. Seven days later Ostapchuk was stripped of her gold medal after she had tested positive for using the anabolic agent metenolone. It is now shocking to think that, on the London 2012 podium, Adams stood next to Ostapchuk and Evgeniia Kolodko – the Russian bronze medallist who then received a belated silver medal. Last month it was revealed Kolodko had also failed a retrospective test from the London Olympics with B sample results still to be revealed.
“Let's just say it doesn't surprise me,” Adams shrugs. Did Adams always suspect Ostapchuk of cheating? “Everybody did. My coach said something straight after we competed in London. They asked him for his thoughts and he said: ‘I have no comment. You will soon understand.' Seven days later she got done. A few weeks ago Kolodko got done.”
I felt very hurt at first … and then I was happy justice was served. I was one of the lucky ones
Does Adams feel more secure that her sport will be cleaner in Rio? “I really don't know. The only thing I can control is Valerie. You have to take responsibility for yourself. As long as I do that I am doing the right thing.”
What emotions did Adams experience once Ostapchuk had been caught? “Anger,” she says bluntly. “Then I got upset and everything felt tough.”
There was no happiness in becoming, belatedly, a double Olympic champion? “I felt very hurt at first … and then I was happy justice was served. I was one of the lucky ones. Some only get their medals eight years later. I got my gold medal back in New Zealand after the season was finished at the end of September. They had this venue with 2,500 people inside and hundreds of thousands watching on TV and outside it was packed with people and there were fireworks. It was awesome but it's still not the special moment you get on the Olympic podium.”
Adams had watched Ostapchuk weep apparently proud tears as she looked at the gold medal dangling from her neck. “Oh, that was such bullshit,” Adams exclaims. “She had practised her acting. She sat up there and cried her crocodile tears. I was smiling but then I was crying, too. I wasn't crying because I was a sore loser. I was crying because of everything that happened. But I pulled myself together at the medal ceremony and tried to enjoy it for my family. People would die to win a silver medal and here we are – trying to enjoy it but still not happy.”
It is depressing Ostapchuk's ban will end soon after the Rio Olympics but Adams's pain, understandably, centres on all she lost in London. “The sweetness of the moment is stolen from you. That was very hard. At least in Beijing I got to savour the moment. London was very bittersweet.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Valerie Adams won gold at London 2012 but was denied her moment on the podium by Nadzeya Ostapchuk. Photograph: Andrew Fox for the Guardian
Even before Ostapchuk was exposed, Adams faced trauma on the eve of London 2012 because of an administrative error by her federation. “They didn't confirm I was competing,” Adams sighs. “I found this out less than 24 hours before my event. We were going for my last training session the day before competition and I looked online to see my pool – who else is in my pool and what number thrower am I? I was hitting refresh and I was still not there. I thought: ‘No, no … hit refresh again.' But no … ‘My name's not here … where the fuck is my name?”
Adams pulls a face of disbelief. “I ran out of my room and it seemed the management hadn't signed it off. You enter your team and then you confirm it 48 hours before competition. And she signed the paper without ticking the names. I was fucked up because the Olympic Games are cut-throat but luckily, being the reigning Olympic champion, I was able to get on the list. But I was the very last thrower and they added me into the pool with Ostapchuk. I only got two hours sleep and it was not great.”
Adams is on a carefully managed return after a terrible time plagued by injury. “I got hammered down by injury after I was dominant [and unbeaten] for 56 straight competitions. The last three years I've had five surgeries. Two knees, an ankle, one shoulder, one elbow … just a few.” She laughs darkly but then smiles more brightly. “But I'm in pretty good nick after coming back in February in Auckland. My consistency is back but I need one really big throw to pop out … but it's good to be back on the road into Rio.”
Adams has decided to skip the Anniversary Games in London on 22 July but she hopes to return to the scene of her tangled 2012 Olympic triumph. “Watch this space,” she grins in the hope she will be back for the 2017 world championships in London.
Her past is poignant. In 2000 the 15-year-old Adams stayed with her mother in hospital and then a hospice from the moment her cancer escalated until her death. “I watched the opening ceremony to the Sydney Olympics from Mum's hospice bed. I was in the hospital and hospice with her, staying there July, August, September. On the night of the Olympics opening ceremony they gave her morphine so she was sleeping. The very next morning, 16 September, she passed away at 9am.
“I kept watching the Olympics all through the next few weeks thinking: ‘Oh my God, I want to be there.' Four years later I found myself at the Athens Olympics. I owe that to my mum. She supported me until she was too ill. She sacrificed the family finances for me to go training. We didn't have much money. My family lived on 14 New Zealand dollars a week for five of us. We were very poor but she was my biggest inspiration. When she passed away I was terribly sad but I was relieved too because she was in so much pain.”
How old was her mother when she died? “She was 39. I'm 31 now. The aim of the game now is to break the cycle and live a healthier lifestyle. She was from Tonga and life on the island was different. I grew up being inspired by her and the way in which she helped us survive on such little money. I love my mum dearly but I want to make sure that when my kids come along they have a better life.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Valerie Adams, fourth right, with 12 of her 17 siblings. Photograph: Twitter/@ValerieAdams84
Her father Sid, an Englishman who settled in New Zealand, had many relationships – and Adams is one of his 18 children. The youngest is Steven Adams, who has just had a fine season in the NBA as a 7ft centre for Oklahoma City Thunder. “I didn't watch any of his games [in the Western Conference play‑off finals] but I saw his nuts get kicked on a replay. And I heard his monkey comment …”
Adams caused controversy in those play-offs when he described the opposition guards as “quick little monkeys”. What did Valerie make of her brother's mishap? “I guess there are different cultures but you need to adapt. I know he didn't mean it. He apologised profusely after it. He's done exceptionally well but I'll still knock his two front teeth out. I'm his big sister.”
Russia appeals against ban on its athletes competing at Rio Olympics Read more
Adams laughs. She then smiles at the thought that, after all the heartache, 2016 might be a year of joy for her. Her first marriage ended but she has a new husband – her childhood friend Gabriel Price. “I got married three months ago,” Adams says with a grin. “But soon after the wedding I had to go back into camp. I took Gabriel with me and said: ‘Here we are – this is the honeymoon.' This year has been awesome so far. Most people would just retire with the injuries I had but I didn't want to finish that way.
“Valerie is still going and I'm going to keep going as long as I can. It's going to be a tough challenge but anything is possible with a bit of faith. Of course I want the gold in Rio but I would like to help inspire people more – whether it's changing their lifestyle or working hard or winning clean and living honestly. That's an even greater goal for me.”
AURORA | North Aurora will be getting a bit sweeter this fall thanks to the upcoming addition of Glazed and Confuzed, a tricked-out, specialty doughnut shop in the forthcoming Stanley Marketplace on Dallas Street.
Glazed and Confuzed's satellite shop at Stanley will mark the doughnuteer's second brick-and-mortar operation after the original at 5301 Leetsdale Ave. opened in June 2014.
The bakery's specialty confections, which include doughnuts topped with bacon, fresh peaches and sugar that is hand-caramelized with a small blowtorch, are also sold at Pablo's, Aviano and Kaladi coffee shops in Denver, according to a press release.
Josh Schwab, owner and culinary mastermind behind all of the treats served at Glazed and Confuzed, founded the sugary enterprise in 2012 following several stints as a sous chef at a slew of prominent West Coast eateries.
A native of Los Angeles, Calif., Schwab said the decision to jump into an increasingly crowded specialty doughnut market — joining the likes of the wildly popular, Portland, Ore.-based Voodoo Doughnuts — stemmed from a passion for baking and a lifelong love for circular cakes coated with saccharine glaze. His grandfather would regularly bring a dozen doughnuts to family dinners on Sunday nights throughout his childhood.
“We started at the Littleton farmers market and it just snowballed,” Schwab said. “I just liked the whole concept of taking a doughnut and changing it up a bit…so here I am.”
Despite the recent proliferation of gourmet doughnut spots across the Denver metro region, including Voodoo, The Fractured Prune and Habit Doughnut Dispensary, Jorge De La Torre, dean of culinary education at Johnson & Wales University in Denver, said that the demand for high quality sweet treats remains high.
“People are not as afraid of carbs anymore, so people are enjoying (doughnuts) again,” De La Torre said. “Even 10 years ago there was a huge lack of doughnuts in Denver — there was Lamar's and Winchell's and that was about it. Now there's a lot of them … and I still think that we're riding the ‘It's ok to eat breads and carbs' ride.”
Glazed and Confuzed's new Aurora outpost will sit in a roughly 500-square-foot footprint and will not house any baking equipment onsite. Instead, Glazed employees will shuttle over enough doughnuts to fill a medium-sized display case each morning, according to Schwab. The new shop will open early and serve doughnuts, coffee and espresso until the day's supply of treats is exhausted.
“We'll pretty much have all the same flavors of everything, just a smaller version of what we have now,” Schwab said.
Stanley's lineup of celebrated Denver businesses — including Denver Biscuit Company, Rosenberg's Bagels and Infinite Monkey Theorem — is what encouraged Schwab to stake his new claim in Aurora. He said that he turned down an offer to join a similar concept, The Central Market in Denver, two years ago because “the timing wasn't right.”
“I started to see the restaurants that were going in (to Stanley) and I really liked that list,” Schwab said. “We're really big fans of Rosenberg's Bagels and Denver Biscuit Company, so that definitely influenced us.”
Schwab said that he's excited to tap into the expected heavy flow of foot traffic at Stanley, as pedestrians have been a virtually nonexistent phenomenon at the Leetsdale location.
“The one bad thing about when we took (the Leetsdale location) is that it had no foot traffic,” Schwab said. “So that's just going to add an amazing amount of foot traffic for us.”
Slated to house more than 50 businesses ranging from florists to yoga studios to beer gardens, the 100,000-square-foot Stanley Marketplace is expected to slowly open over the course of the fall, according to a July 27 newsletter. Schwab has not yet identified an official date for opening his second location.
China suspended three officials and apologized to a woman who was forced to undergo an abortion seven months into her pregnancy in a case that sparked an uproar after graphic photos of the mother and her dead baby were circulated online.
The moves appeared to be aimed at allaying public anger over a case that has triggered renewed criticism of China's widely hated one-child limit. Designed to control the country's exploding population, the policy has led to often violently imposed forced abortions and sterilizations as local authorities pursue birth quotas set by Beijing.
Feng Jianmei, 23, was beaten by officials and forced to abort the baby at seven months on June 2 because her family could not afford a 40,000 yuan ($6,300) fine for having a second child, Chinese media reported this week.
Photos of Feng lying on a hospital bed with the blood-covered baby, reportedly stillborn after a chemical injection killed it, were posted online and went viral, prompting a public outpouring of sympathy and outrage.
A commentary posted on the official website China.org.cn said the forced abortion "is society's shame". Another said the case exposed the lack of humanity in some administrative officials.
The government of Ankang city, where Feng lives in northwest China's Shaanxi province, said a deputy mayor visited Feng and her husband in the hospital, apologized to them and said officials would be suspended amid an investigation.
"Today, I am here on behalf of the municipal government to see you and express our sincere apology to you. I hope to get your understanding," Deputy Mayor Du Shouping said, according to a statement on the city government's website Friday.
Feng and her husband could not immediately be reached Friday. A relative who answered Feng's cellphone said the couple were in talks with city officials.
The official Xinhua News Agency said three officials would be relieved of their duties: two top local family planning officials and the head of the township government.
... contd.
ALSO READ Islamists rally in Egypt ahead of referendum vote, 3 killed
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Sweden will prepare for Friday's Euro 2012 showdown with England burdened by a scathing assessment from the coach Erik Hamren. Hamren branded his players "cowards" following Monday night's 2-1 defeat by co-hosts Ukraine in Kiev.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring for Sweden the 53rd minute, but their lead was short-lived as Andriy Shevchenko struck twice in quick succession. The performance will have encouraged England, who drew with France on Monday, ahead of the Group D rivals' encounter in Kiev but Hamren was far from impressed.
"We're not reaching the level we want to and that's my responsibility as a coach," he said. "We didn't show the courage we were supposed to. Only five or six players did. We all need all the players doing that. We were cowards in the first half and should have done more. I'm not happy with the team, I was expecting more. The players do want it very much, but we should have scored with the three last chances we had.
"I'm not sure Ukraine were much better in the first half either, it was very nervous and there were a lot of mistakes from both teams. We have to regroup together. We're not happy about this because we were pushing for a better result. We have a lot to work on and talk about."
Andriy Shevchenko, 35, felt the years fall away after producing two superb finishes to place Ukraine at the top of Group D. "I feel that I'm 10 years younger," said Shevchenko, who rejoined Dynamo Kyiv in 2009. "I want to say thank you to everyone who has worked with me over the past six months. I couldn't imagine that I'd be able to play because I had lots of problems with my knee and back. Lots of people gave me support and I must thank them because I'm in good condition.
"It's a great day for Ukraine. We should go through this group, but we expect two more very tough games."
Jeb “I'm my own man” Bush sounds more and more like his know-nothing ex-president brother every day. This time, in between defending the Iraq War and saying he might bring back torture if elected president, he's demanding that tech companies stop letting billions of the world's citizens use encryption online to protect their information because of “evildoers.”
Bush's comments echo the dangerous sentiments of FBI director Jim Comey, who has publicly campaigned against Apple and Google for attempting to make our cell phones and communications safer by incorporating strong encryption in iPhones and Android devices.
At a campaign stop earlier this week Jeb Bush said: “If you create encryption, it makes it harder for the American government to do its job – while protecting civil liberties – to make sure that evildoers aren't in our midst.”
There are so many things wrong with that statement it's hard to know where to start. First of all, he seems to either be attacking, or just doesn't understand, that the entire internet - and much of the economy really - is based around strong encryption. Every time he logs onto his email, uses online banking or wants to check his medical records online, there is some form of encryption that is protecting his data from criminals. So the fact that technology companies are “creating” encryption protects all of us.
He was likely talking about end-to-end encryption implemented by Apple and the popular messaging app WhatsApp that lock out even the companies themselves to the content of text messages, so that only the two people talking to each other can ever see them. While opponents claim this is “helping terrorists,” even the most pro-government former intelligence officials readily admit there are still plenty of ways to track criminals who use encryption, and by attempting to outlaw it we put billions of completely innocent people at a much higher risk of having their personal information stolen by foreign governments or criminals.
Unfortunately, Bush's comments seem to be part of a pattern with the 2016 presidential candidates, none of whom seem to understand the basic precepts of technology, and the critical role encryption plays in all of our cybersecurity.
Republican candidate Carly Fiorina, who has been getting a lot of attention in recent weeks, sounded even more out of touch at the second-tier Republican debate a couple weeks ago when she lamented that companies need to “tear down cyberwalls” when asked about whether Apple and Google should be implementing end-to-end encryption.
Putting aside the fact that “cyberwalls” are not a thing, it's quite disturbing that candidates are so willing to undermine the backbone of the internet so off-handedly. Fiorina, who by virtually all accounts, was a failure as CEO of Hewlett-Packard ten years ago, showed off her (lack of) technical knowledge. While she may have been joking, even Hillary Clinton's comment about “wiping” her notorious email server “with a cloth” is distressing as well. Her own comments on the encryption issue, while vague, did not give the sense that she understands the issue either.
It begs the questions: how many candidates have technologists or computer scientists advising their campaigns? Given how almost every week there is yet another security breach at a major company, and that voters are concerned about their online privacy, you'd think at least some of the candidates would attempt to capitalize on it by merely having a coherent policy that does not make them sound like they've never touched a computer (or sent a fax) before without the assistance of their aides.
Strong end-to-end encryption is one of the best defenses against the massive cyber-attacks that have become all too frequent. If there is not a giant pile of data that is accessible by anyone, then the criminals can't get it either.
While it's still shameful that current White House has refused to rein in its FBI director's dangerous plans, at least behind the scenes White House officials reportedly know it's a dangerous idea and President Obama deserves a bit of credit for acknowledging how important encryption is in many circumstances.
In the modern world, the importance of strong encryption cannot be overstated. When will our presidential candidates understand that?
This time next year, the virtual reality revolution will have begun. It may prove a resounding success, ushering in a new era for the tech industry. It may be a slow burner, with high prices keeping most people at bay. Or it may flop entirely following reports of widespread vomiting.
The latter is unlikely. Those who have tried out the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, PlayStation VR or Samsung Gear VR are all convinced that the tech works, but there are a ton of questions, leaving an air of doubt over VR's potential success.
At EGX 2015, I tried out both the HTC Vive and PlayStation VR (PSVR) for the first time, and both were impressive. How each was demoed could not have been more different, though, and presents one of the big problems facing virtual reality.
Both set-ups in the cavernous National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham required an appointment, presumably to reduce the enormous queues each would have likely had. After letting the PlayStation desk know I was there and ready, they herded me and a couple of others into a roped off "pen" where we waited to be picked up by another rep and taken to our demo.
There were four games being demoed at four stations, but I was only offered the choice between two. Capcom horror The Kitchen and Rebellion's Battlezone – the modern incarnation of the classic Atari tank combat game. I opted for the latter and was impressed with the demo and tech. The headset was surprisingly light, everything ran smoothly and the game was fun – using a familiar experience to bring together experience of virtual reality and the conventional Dualshock controller.
It was a seated demo representative of how most players will be using the tech, but beyond thinking: "Yeah sure, that works," it didn't really make me want to slap down a couple of hundred sheets to get into VR as soon as humanly possible. I remained someone who would wait patiently for the killer app VR will surely need.
Later that same day, the HTC Vive nearly changed my mind instantly. In stark contrast to the brief, seated PSVR demo, I was hooked up to the Vive inside a small, 10ft by 10ft room with nothing in it but a computer terminal, the Vive, its two controllers and an exhausted HTC rep.
There were four demos of increasing interactivity for me to try out, and a menu which itself included a basic tutorial. The Vive comes with two handheld motion controllers that manifest in the virtual world as hands or as hands with controllers in them. In this menu area, I could select a colour from the controller's circular touchpad and click the pad in to select it, then watch a balloon of that colour inflate and float about.
The rep informed me that I could bat away the balloons too, so I started doing that. Just like that, the uncanny sense of having virtual hands became second(ish) nature.
The first demo placed me on the bow of a shipwreck underwater as fish and eventually an enormous whale swam by. Once again the interactivity of the demo didn't immediately dawn on me, so the rep gave me a nudge and said I could walk around the bow of the ship. The second demo was a VR recreation of those games in which players create paths for aircraft to follow, aiding them in landing safely at a busy airport.
This was the longest demo and brought together all the factors of VR. I could walk through and around the virtual island on which the airport was, I could click on aircraft with my virtual hands and create an arcing path for it to follow, and most cutely of all, I found myself at one point on the ground scaring away seagulls on the runway.
Next game an art demo, which served only to show off my depressing lack of artistic inclination, but did give me an experience only possible in virtual reality. The art you can create is created in a 3D space and can be walked through. The tool in my left hand was also rendered as a 3D object that I could turn in my hand to see other options, all selected with a click from my right controller. It was a surreal and sadly brief demo.
Finally came the famous Portal demo, a product of HTC's partnership with Valve. Starring robots ATLAS and P-body from Portal 2 and series villainess GLaDOS, the demo brings together everything VR is about. I was engaged, I knew how to do what when asked, moved around freely and backed off when a character moved into my virtual personal space. I was there.
As a demo it was incredible, offering a glimpse of what might be possible and instilling the same sense of awe so many other reporters have felt. It's hard to imagine it will be the experience most consumers will have with it, though – few people have the sort of room required, and few will want to walk around virtual spaces in real spaces they can't see without a fair measure of trepidation.
Sony's PlayStation VR demo is closer to the reality of what using VR will mean for the average user, or gamer, but the Vive demo is undoubtedly better at getting people excited and showing off the impressive possibilities – even if most of those possibilities are better suited to specialist fields like engineering or medicine.
Most people won't be truly convinced by virtual reality until they've tested it out for themselves, and this will make demoing the tech publicly a big hurdle. Issues of cleanliness aside (the Wet Wipe industry must be chuffed), the dilemmas arise when deciding what games and types of experience to show off. It'll be crucial in how quickly, if at all, virtual reality takes off.
For all the latest video game news follow us on Twitter @IBTGamesUK.
November 2, 2017
They prevented anyone in their administration from using the term “radical Islam,” hoping that would make radical Muslims less angry. Sure, that'll work. They asked our media to follow. And for the most part, they did. Bleating all the way.
They prevented anyone in their administration from using the term “radical Islam,” hoping that would make radical Muslims less angry. Sure, that'll work. They asked our media to follow. And for the most part, they did. Bleating all the way.
They prevented anyone in their administration from using the term “radical Islam,” hoping that would make radical Muslims less angry. Sure, that'll work. They asked our media to follow. And for the most part, they did. Bleating all the way.
The horrible act in New York on Tuesday reminds us once again we are in a war. A war with radical Islam. A war that our prior President and most of his party has tried to lose through their juvenile, silly version of Neville Chamberlain politics.
The horrible act in New York on Tuesday reminds us once again we are in a war. A war with radical Islam. A war that our prior President and most of his party has tried to lose through their juvenile, silly version of Neville Chamberlain politics.
The horrible act in New York on Tuesday reminds us once again we are in a war. A war with radical Islam. A war that our prior President and most of his party has tried to lose through their juvenile, silly version of Neville Chamberlain politics.
They dismantled surveillance on the centers of Jihadism. They gutted many of the concrete methods we had to deal with this threat.
They chided those who wanted to fight this ideology as Islamophobes, and racists.
I hope everyone remembers where they were on 9/11. I sure do. I remember the Towers coming down, I remember being shocked at the lack of air traffic for a week, the stalling of business, the fear of the country as we regrouped, the rallying around the president as we responded.
I went on with my life vowing to be unafraid as a gesture in the face of these terror merchants. And I did. It was a conscious decision most Americans took.
Pamela Geller did that as well. I gather she did a lot more than that. While we were going on with our lives, she found a mission for hers. 9/11 wasn't just an event for her to pick herself up from. It was a seminal call for her to address a dark time and an evil in the world.
She saw this ideology wasn't going away. She saw the hate that filled this ideology and pointed it out. She saw its narrow-minded side and spoke about it. She saw its destructiveness and warned us all. She began a blog [i] and publicized these things. She worked with Robert Spencer in trying to wake America and the world up. She works at it daily.
And she did all this under the threat of death. She has been under a sentence of death since early in her days of working against radical Islam. Multiple times by multiple people who supposedly have the authority to do so.
That's called a Fatwa. Webster defines it thusly: “a legal opinion or decree handed down by an Islamic religious leader.”
Sounds innocuous enough; after all, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, and Hindus all have decrees and authorities as well.
But this is unique. The decrees about her were that she deserved death, and that anyone who would be an instrument in that death would be given immediate paradise for eternity.
Big deal, words shouldn't hurt her, right?
Well, tell that to Theo Van Gogh, the Dutch artist slain in broad daylight in the Netherlands in 2004. And to the many others who have been killed for simply opposing this monstrous ideology. And there have been many. One of those who attempted to kill her in Texas was just sentenced for his bid to kill her.
Pamela Geller has lived knowing there are people that want to kill her as an example, live in front of the world, for well over a decade.
Yet she soldiers on.
Every day she reports on the stories our cowardly media won't touch. They'll squeal about Christians and Jews for any little thing, but allow the horrors of radical Islam to be just another thing on another day, ho hum. On her blog, and on her Facebook page , she bravely reports most every outrage, every killing, every slaughter, every maiming and injustice by this ugly ideology. And most days she reports multiple events that have happened worldwide.
Because multiple events happen worldwide almost every day. And they are horrifying. What is happening in Europe is horrifying. She is trying to get us in America to come face to face with the truth. Barack Obama, and the Neville Chamberlains of the Democratic Party had eight years of failure, with not many to oppose them. They let things fester while she tried to warn us all.
She did this under multiple sentences of death for well over a decade.
She goes on shows to talk about these things, often having to debate the most obsequious and ill-informed people, the Chamberlains of our time, the race baiters, and those who simply don't have her courage. The courage to call a spade a spade. To call out what happened in New York.
And she does so in spades. And has been doing so since 9/11 in an attempt to make us understand the war of civilizations that is underway. Thank God, Donald Trump is listening. He is close to destroying ISIS, is routing them worldwide that the previous administration wouldn't do and said couldn't be done. With help from the corrupt politicians in his own country, we might even find a way to stop things like the latest New York massacre from happening.
I have read her sites for over a year now, having heard of her several years ago. I have not read her new book Fatwa . I intend to.
I would encourage everyone to go to her site, and look at her Facebook Page. And read her new book. It's the cutting edge of a real war. She has real information that is vital for us to win it. We can't let random people gun down gays in a night club, and we can't allow them to slaughter us with trucks. As she said tonight on Hannity, we have to defeat the ideology in order to win.
And she is a genuine heroine in our day. A Joan of Arc, a combination of Esther and Deborah, and we need more like her. And we need to join her in order to win.
New Delhi: At a time when a controversial event organised by a group of JNU students in support of executed terrorist Afzal Guru has unleashed a political storm in the country, former Home Minister and senior Congress leader P Chidambaram has raised serious doubts over the degree of his involvement in the 2001 Parliament attacks.
In an interview, published on Thursday, to The Economic Times, Chidamabaram had said, "I think it is possible to hold an honest opinion that the Afzal Guru case was perhaps not correctly decided."
During the interview, the Congress veteran also referred to the ongoing JNU row and the slapping of sedition cases against five students for organising the Afzal Guru event and said, ''The opinion that Afzal Guru's case was wrongly decided by the court is not anti-national so it is outrageous to slap sedition charges against the students.''
Importantly, former Home Minister's comments come at a time when the JNU controversy has divided the whole nation with some calling for the urgent release of the five sedition-charged students, while some demanding strict action against them.
Afzal Guru was convicted by the Supreme Court of India in the 2001 Parliament attack that led to the killing of six Delhi Police personnel, two Parliament Security Service personnel and all 5 Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorists.
He was executed on February 9, 2013 during the UPA-2 government after President Pranab Mukherjee rejected his mercy petition.
Speaking on the issue, Chidambaram said, ''It was not possible for him to raise doubts over the court's judgement while being in the government.''
He was the Finance Minister at the time when Afzal Guru was hanged.
NetZero 4G Mobile Broadband offers free WiMAX
NetZero has launched a new, low-cost 4G data network, NetZero 4G Mobile Broadband, offering contract-free access from $9.95 per month. Available in around 80 US cities, the new Mobile Broadband system offers a choice of a USB modem or a WiFi hotspot for up to eight devices simultaneously, while 4G service itself can be intentionally speed-capped so as to prolong the data allowance.
WarpSpeed, the faster option, promises download rates of up to 10Mbps. However, there's also LightSpeed, which limits it to 1Mbps; users can switch between them on-the-fly, with no impact on subscription fees.
Plans start at subscription-free with the purchase of either the $99.95 hotspot or $49.95 USB modem, which gets you 200MB per month for a year. $9.95 gets 500MB, $19.95 gets 1GB and $34.95 gets 2GB. Finally, $49.95 gets 4GB per month.
NetZero is also promising no overage fees: if users reach their data limit, they get an alert and the option to either buy a top-up for more data immediately, upgrade to a higher-capacity plan, or wait it out until the next month.
There's no mention of the network NetZero is actually using – the carrier is an MVNO, reselling 4G service rather than setting up its own network – but the company inked a deal with Clearwire in early 2011 so it seems this is WiMAX rather than LTE.
After the damage caused to previous companies where the executives threatened firings or pay cuts should the president win re-election, one might think that other companies might wise up. Koch Industries, however, is not just any other company. Founded by Fred Koch, who also was a founding member of the John Birch Society, Koch Industries is famous for its association with fringe fanatical organizations and ultra-right-wing ideologies.
On October 1st, company President and COO Dave Robinson sent a packet to all 50,000 employees of the company. Inside of the packet was a memo along with a voting guide for Koch-approved candidates in the particular employees district. The voting guide, leaked earlier this month, is for the state of Oregon. Other pieces included an anti-Obama editorial written by Charles Koch paired up with a pro-Romney editorial by David Koch. Also included in the packet there was an article by Investor's Business Daily where they claimed the free market was the cause of Canada's higher per-capita wealth, ignoring the fact that Canada is Socialist according to libertarians. Another piece included as a piece written by Charles Koch where he fought to defend the American Legislative Exchange Council, calling it a “leading free-market association of state legislators with thousands of members and supporters” even while it fought to get put into law anti-democracy policies.
Koch Industries, and its various subsidiaries such as Georgia Pacific, already have a code of conduct which requires employees to vet their politics before the company management should they choose to run for office. Their policies also threaten employees with termination for their social activity. The policy states “Even if your social media conduct is outside of the workplace and/or non-work related, it must not reflect negatively on GP's reputation, its products, or its brands.” Who judges if it reflects negatively? Why, Koch Industries senior management of course. Koch Industries, in response to employee engagement in legal out-of-work activity at their Georgia Pacific Camas facility laid off over 750 workers. Punitive action indeed for exercising ones right to free speech.
The voter packet made dire predictions for the employment status of those now working for the firm should the candidates not approved by the voters guide be elected this November. And with Koch Industries history of direct attacks on its employees, we should believe them.
The Legend of Legacy debut trailer
See FuRyu's upcoming 3DS RPG in motion.
Famitsu.com has posted the debut trailer for FuRyu's The Legend of Legacy. And there is a lot of English to it.
“Our wish is the king,” the trailer opens. “It, that the persons who inherit this land, along with some spirits. Therefore, we will leave modest words. To spirits, the words we speak.
“From the sleep of eternity, the legendary island awakens. The “Avalon.” No one knows what lies in the depth is stepway to the paradise or a gate to the abyss. This is… weaved by “The Legacy” of the ancient gods. The unrevealed tale of truth.”
The upcoming 3DS RPG features seven playable characters. Players will choose one as their main character and form a party of three using the rest. In challenging the legend of Avalon, players will guide themselves in reaching their objective.
Watch the trailer below. The game is due out on January 22 in Japan.
Civilization has come a long way since the days of counting fingers. The art of “keeping track” of things with value, today known as “accounting”, has evolved with the advancement of technology throughout the ages. As technological innovations have emerged, the methods and functions of accounting have changed as well.
From the historical origin of money to the development of online web apps, here are twelve technological advances that have drastically impacted the practice of accounting.
1. Money.
Perhaps this seems more like a concept than a technology, but the truth is without something to physically represent monetary value, there wouldn't be anything to account for. From clay tokens and tablets to gold, copper, and silver coins to paper money, the technological innovation of physical money is basically the whole point of accounting.
2. Abacus.
This innovative beads-on-wire device was the very first calculator. The abacus was invented in Asia, and used there as well as throughout Europe and the Arabic world in the Middle Ages. Today it is still used in the Middle East, Japan and China and is now called the suan-pan.
3. Slide Rule.
In the 17th century, the concept of the logarithim (a mathematical calculation) enabled the invention of the slide rule. Over the next three hundred years several versions of the slide rule existed, but it wasn't until World War Two that a small hand-held version was created so that pilot could do quick calculations. The slide rule became an accounting stable until the 1970's.
4. Electricity.
In 1780, Ben Franklin used a key and a kite to discover the one thing that has changed the world more than almost any other — electricity. Electricity fueled the adding machines, calculators, and computers that came to dominate the field of accounting.
5. Cathode Ray Tube.
Invented in 1928, this humble-looking glass tube became the light behind the television and the earliest computers. The cathode ray tube allowed for the invention of computers—and there is no doubt of the impact computers had on the field of accounting.
6. Adding Machines.
Technically, the very first adding machine was designed by no other than Da Vinci. But it wasn't until the late 19th century that William Burroughs invented a functioning adding machine. These large, clunky metal devices were very popular in the 1950's (although they'd slimmed down to a more manageable size by then), and were still used in accounting firms and cash rooms until the 1970's. You'll still find them in cash rooms of large retail organizations today.
7. Comptometer.
This adding machine was the first machine that functioned entirely by pressing the keys—making it the precursor to the handheld calculator. While it was invented in the late 19th century and was used then by the U.S. Treasury, it wasn't until the 1940's that it became popular, and it became an office staple in the 1950's.
8. Handheld Calculator.
While the early calculators were as large as today's computers, innovations in the technology of batteries and then solar cells, along with microtechnology, made the handheld calculator possible. In the 1970's, the pocket calculator was an absolute must for every accountant, and along with pocket protectors may have led the way to today's geek chic.
9. Computer.
While the first computers weren't actually invented for accounting, they might as well have been. They were created to solve complex mathematical equations, and the earliest computers were massive, (weighing 80 tons or more—couldn't hold that in your lap, could you?). Today, computers process accounting information faster than accountants can type it in, making their work fast, more efficient, and more accurate than ever before.
10. Data Storage.
No accountant today would envy the clerks of old, scratching numbers into clay tablets. Most working in the field today don't even miss the days of large book ledgers with column after column of handwritten numbers. Thanks to the innovations of the floppy disk, then the computer disk, and now things like flash drives, carrying large amounts of accounting data from one computer to another is easy as could be.
11. Microchip.
This tiny little device was able to replace entire rooms of vacuum tubes—making computers shrink from that 80-ton megalith discussed earlier to the small laptop that can now be carried in a briefcase or backpack.
12. Software.
As soon as computers became standard in offices, software programs were created to replace ledgers. Spreadsheets became the accounting industry standard, eliminating the majority of human error and allowing accountants to concentrate their energies in other areas, such as creating innovative cost-saving business practices instead of adding up columns of numbers over and over again. Today, thanks to programs like Quicken and others, individuals can manage their own finances just as efficiently as any accountant!
As you can see, technology has changed the face of accounting beyond recognition from its early days. Each new innovation has elevated, focused, and improved the efficacy of accounting making it what it is today—a standard business practice, and a powerhouse of financial management. It might seem like an odd pairing, but numbers and technology make for a very happy marriage.
EPA Slashes Cellulosic Biofuel Mandates. Again.
For the third consecutive year, the Environmental Protection Agency has drastically reduced cellulosic biofuel mandates, citing economic and technological hurdles. Even though industry officials consistently assure lawmakers and taxpayers that commercial production is “just around the corner,” EPA yesterday reduced the 2012 cellulosic mandate by ninety eight percent. The agency is “required to determine and publish the applicable annual renewable fuel percentage standards for each compliance year by November 30.”
The Renewable Fuel Standard, passed in 2005 and modified in the 2007 energy bill, calls for production of 36 billion gallons of renewable fuels by 2022. In practice, this standard does little or nothing to accomplish Congress' primary objective to bring to market a new generation of so-called advanced biofuels to lessen America's oil dependence without competing with food crops. Virtually all ethanol produced in the U.S. is refined from corn. Corn ethanol production, conceived as a temporary solution, continues to exceed the maximum production level set by the Renewable Fuel Standard mandate. It continues to pollute air and water quality and destroy wildlife habitat.
Meanwhile, production of cellulosic biofuels, derived from non-food and potentially more environmentally sustainable feedstocks like grasses, wood residues and recycled cooking oil, has fallen short year after year. EPA reduced the 2011 cellulosic biofuels mandate by a whopping 97 percent, from 250 million gallons to just 6.6 million gallons. In 2010, that mandate was revised downward by a similar margin of 93 percent – from 100 million gallons to 6.5 million gallons.
As the hope for a future of truly sustainable biofuels fades, King Corn has a firm grip on the US biofuel throne.
Several biofuels lobbyists claim that corn ethanol is simply a bridge to next generation biofuels, like cellulosic ethanol. But as we wrote in August, corn ethanol has always been about corn, corn and more corn. The corn lobby's Corn Commentary blog squashed the notion that we will ever cross this fabled bridge. Its blog, which was abruptly taken down without explanation, described cellulosic biofuels as a “world that does not exist” and an “unrealistic expectation.”
Now these same lobbyists are trying to convince Congress to add corn ethanol to the definition of an advanced biofuel. Tom Buis, head of the ethanol lobbying group Growth Energy, recently told Agri-Pulse:
As far as corn ethanol being limited to just 15 billion gallons, I think that is a mistake. I think you ought to make anything feedstock neutral, whoever can produce it the cheapest…
Now at annual production of 14 billion gallons, corn ethanol has not lived up to its own promises. If the corn ethanol industry convinced Congress to allow corn ethanol to qualify as an advanced biofuel, the entire 36 billion gallon mandates could be filled with this environmentally destructive biofuel – a scenario that Congress never intentioned. A recent National Research Council report asserted that:
Food-based biofuel put upward price pressure on agricultural commodities, food, and livestock feed. Corn ethanol actually uses more water in its production cycle than petroleum-based fuels. Production and use of ethanol as fuel instead of gasoline is likely to increase certain air pollutants. The increase in corn production has contributed to dead zones, algae spread. Agricultural soil erosion and fertilizer runoff are polluting water.
Aside from corn ethanol, the report also found that:
Unless there are major technological innovation or policy changes, cellulosic biofuel mandates won't be met in 2022. The Renewable Fuel Standard may be ineffective for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. More cropland will likely be needed for cellulosic feedstock production, raising land prices and increasing food and feed production costs.
To ensure that the U.S. does not make the same mistakes with cellulosic biofuels that were made with corn ethanol, Congress must add stringent environmental safeguards to the Renewable Fuel Standard. Government agencies should target research and development funds at truly sustainable biofuels that do not compete with food or feed supplies, are compatible with existing fueling infrastructure, conserve soil and water and actually reduce dependence on fossil fuels. Finally, EPA and Congress must resist all attempts to reclassify environmentally damaging corn ethanol as an “advanced biofuel.”
For more information about the RFS biofuels mandate, view this Congressional Research Service (CRS) report (pdf).
8 years ago
Washington (CNN) - Add Herman Cain to the list of probable GOP presidential candidates who will head to New Orleans in June to speak at the 2011 Republican Leadership Conference.
The group announced Tuesday that Cain will join Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania at the event, which is scheduled to be held in New Orleans June 16-18.
Cain, a former CEO of Godfather's Pizza and a conservative radio talk show host, formed a presidential exploratory committee at the beginning of the year and is expected to soon formally announce his candidacy for the White House.
"I look forward to returning to New Orleans to address the Republican Leadership Conference," said Cain, in a email release. "Last year, I explained how important it was for Republicans to win back the House during the midterm elections in 2010. And we did. Now, we set our eyes on the U.S. Senate and the White House. Our momentum continues to grow to get this country back on track, and RLC is a critical component in doing so."
The RLC is the same group that put on the 2010 Southern Republican Leadership Conference, which was also held in New Orleans.
Also scheduled to attend this year's event is Rep. Ron Paul of Texas, who ran for the 2008 GOP presidential nomination and is considering another bid for the White House. Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina and Rep. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee, who are both extremely influential among conservative activists, are also scheduled to attend the gathering.
- CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report
Firing Up the Shuttle: 25 Years Since the Last Flight Readiness Firing (Part 1)
“T-minus 31 seconds…Endeavour's four redundant computers have primary control of critical vehicle functions for the remainder of the count…”
Twenty-five years ago, Space Shuttle Endeavour—built in the aftermath of the Challenger disaster to replace her fallen sister—sat on Pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida, only weeks ahead of her maiden voyage into orbit. In time, Endeavour would cement her credentials by flying 25 missions, including history's only three-person Extravehicular Activity (EVA), the critical first servicing of the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) and launching the initial components of the International Space Station (ISS). Yet on the morning of 6 April 1992, three weeks after rolling out to Pad 39B, Endeavour's trio of Space Shuttle Main Engines (SSMEs) were test-fired in what wound up as the seventh and last Flight Readiness Firing (FRF) in the 30-year shuttle program.
“T-20 seconds. Sound suppression water will be released on the launch platform.”
The FRF was performed before each shuttle's maiden voyage—and twice by Challenger and Discovery—and sought to impose launch conditions on the engines, as well as testing the suite of Auxiliary Power Units (APUs) in high-speed mode. Visibly and acoustically, it was perhaps the clearest example, other than a launch itself, of the orbiters straining against their shackles and yearning to fly. The Ground Launch Sequencer (GLS) had handed over primary control of the countdown to the shuttle's on-board General Purpose Computers (GPCs) and the Solid Rocket Booster (SRB) Hydraulic Power Units (HPUs) had been activated shortly thereafter. At T-18 seconds, the SRB nozzle positions were verified and the quartet of giant “rainbirds” around the base of the launch pad were activated, ushering a flood of water to reduce the reflected energy, ahead of Main Engine Start.
“T-minus 12, 11, ten, nine…we have a Go for Engine Start…”
In a manner which had become instantly familiar over the preceding decade, a flurry of hydrogen burn igniters produced a shower of sparks, after which the three SSME bells at the extremity of Endeavour's aft fuselage suddenly spouted a sheet of translucent orange flame. This was quickly replaced by a striking trio of dancing Mach-diamonds, as the shuttle's on-board General Purpose Computers (GPCs) commanded the engines to full power.
“Six, five…we have Main Engine Start…two, one, zero…engines are now at 100 percent of rated power…”
And so they were. However, as Endeavour flexed against the struts which held her against her rust-colored External Tank (ET) and twin Solid Rocket Boosters (SRBs), the key difference was that on 6 April 1992 she was not yet ready to head into space. Part of the FRF protocol was to demonstrate her systems performance under rigorous test conditions, and under the closest possible conditions to actual flight, with her engines fired for 20 seconds. All control elements of Endeavour's Main Propulsion System (MPS) were required to hold pressure in the engines and the ET and the flight control instrumentation was expected to provide proper throttling and gimbaling functions, thereby validating the integrated performance of the shuttle stack and the compatibility of the on-board GPCs with ground-based computers.
“Five, plus six, plus seven, plus ten, plus 11, plus 14…and we have an abort…”
As vast clouds of steam billowed from the pad, and after 15 seconds of stable thrusts, shutdown commands were issued to all three SSMEs.
“Engines 1, 2 and 3 are now showing post-shutdown standby,” called GLS, “and we are Go for orbiter APU shutdown.”
In total, the FRF lasted 22 seconds and was a great success, but for a couple of technical issues. High vibration levels were detected in one of the engines' high-pressure liquid oxygen turbopumps, whilst another exhibited a loud “popping” noise shortly after shutdown, indicative of hydrogen ingestion into the fuel injector. Prudently, on 8 April 1992 NASA decided to replace all three SSMEs with a set previously earmarked for her sister ship Atlantis' STS-46 mission in July, although a second flight readiness firing for Endeavour was not considered necessary.
As well as being the first and only FRF to occur on Pad 39B, this was also the final flight readiness firing of the Space Shuttle Program. The first FRF had taken place more than a decade earlier, on 20 February 1981, in the weeks preceding the launch of Columbia on STS-1, the first shuttle mission. Formally known as the “Wet Countdown Demonstration Test (WCDT)/Flight Readiness Firing (FRF)”, it was designed to test the complete shuttle stack—Columbia, her ET and her twin SRBs—“in a real-time launch countdown which will culminate in a firing of the orbiter's three main engines and a simulated launch to ensure their proper integration prior to the STS-1 flight”.
Fundamentally, the FRF sought to “verify the capability of the launch facility to provide propellants to the shuttle under launch conditions,” with the ET and SRB stack “exposed to the same thermal environment they will experience during STS-1 launch preparations”. All MPS control elements were “required to maintain pressure in the External Tank and in the main engines during the test firing as they would during an actual launch”, whilst the ability of the APUs, hydraulic systems and flight controls were verified as being able to throttle the three SSMEs at between 94 and 100 percent, as well as gimbaling them to effect steering.”
When 20 February 1981 came around, the six-day WCDT was nearing its conclusion and would culminate in the FRF. In readiness for the test firing, launch controllers started the countdown clock at T-53 hours, when they powered up the SRBs, the Ground Support Equipment (GSE) and the shuttle's on-board systems. Four seconds prior to the simulated liftoff, Columbia's SSMEs roared to life at 120-millisecond intervals, reaching 90 percent of rated performance within three seconds and hitting 100 percent precisely at T-0. Three seconds later, engineers simulated the retraction of the ET umbilical and the SRBs' hold-down posts; and after 15 seconds of stable thrust from the SSMEs, shutdown commands were issued to the engines. The test was a great success and cleared another critical milestone, ahead of the STS-1 launch.
One significant aspect of the FRF was to evaluate and measure the effect of the “twang”—the amount of movement in the orbiter, against the rest of the stack, during the SSME ignition sequence—and in the case of Columbia this induced a forward shift by about 25.5 inches (64.7 cm), which was somewhat greater than the 19 inches (48.2 cm) predicted. However, the twang remained within anticipated structural limits. Also, the spark-like hydrogen burn igniters were started at the same time as SSME ignition, but post-FRF analysis led to a decision to initiate this sequence at T-4.4 seconds ahead of Main Engine Start on STS-1 and all subsequent missions.
With Columbia's FRF successfully concluded, the flagship of the Space Shuttle fleet went on to record her first five orbital missions over the course of the next 19 months. It was then the turn of her sister ship, Challenger, to enter final preparations for her maiden voyage. And as shall be explored in tomorrow's AmericaSpace history article, Challenger's career began with not one FRF, but two.
The second part of this article will appear tomorrow.
Be sure to “LIKE” AmericaSpace on Facebook and follow us on Instagram & Twitter!
The Astros have claimed outfielder Fernando Martinez off waivers from the New York Mets, hoping that a fresh start will be good for the one-time elite prospect after knee problems contributed to his failure to live up to prodigy status.
The lefthanded-hitting outfielder, still just three months removed from his 23rd birthday, had a tumultuous career in the New York organization. He has played sparingly in the majors since 2009, hitting .183 with a .250 on-base percentage and a .290 slugging percentage.
Martinez lands a spot on the Astros' 40-man roster and the spot in spring training that accompanies it. The Astros pay the Mets $20,000 – the standard waiver price – and designated Henry Villar for assignment to make room on the roster.
The minors were up-and-down, never really living up to the potential he showed when he more than held his own in full-season ball at age 17. Baseball America called him one of the top 25 prospects in any organization after that season and the next, but his stock fizzled in the following years with knee problems and performance below that standard.
“He's a five-tool player,” said general manager Jeff Luhnow, who had seen Martinez play since he was 16. and saw him again when he was named MVP of the 2010 Caribbean Series. “He hasn't developed the way everyone thought he was going to, but he's 23 and still has a chance to contribute at the major league level.”
Luhnow said that with the way he moves now in the outfield as a result of those knee issues, he is probably a corner outfielder despite playing most of his minor league games in center.
Knee injuries have limited him to an average of 77 games per year between the majors and minors over his six-year career. The Mets gave up on him to clear their 40-man roster, and as a result of the Astros' league-worst 56-106 record last year, were first in the waiver priority.
In the waiver process, Luhnow said the Astros have had limited access to his medical history, but felt he was worth a shot.
Though I Can't Be Certain, I Suspect That This Hollywood Actress I'm Interviewing May Be Entertaining Thoughts of Having Sex With Me
Take that, all you women who didn't return my phone calls, who dated me briefly and then ceased all contact quickly and callously, who loved me once and then didn't love me anymore — because, though I can't be certain, I suspect that this Hollywood actress I'm interviewing may be entertaining thoughts of having sex with me.
I admit that I scheduled the interview through her publicist, and since I got this gig at a high-profile men's magazine, I have cachet. But my handsomeness, my winning ways and devilish smile, my wit and sullen complexity would have — sooner or later — propelled me to be sitting here, at this Hollywood actress's dining room table, lights dimmed, wine chilling, the Hollywood actress making a general mess of things while trying to heat up some Mrs. Paul's fish sticks.
To say she's hot is like saying the lava in an active volcano is warm. You first knew her from her recurring role on a popular hour-long drama on a non NBC, ABC, or CBS network. Then you saw her again in a popular movie, in which her breasts — large, bulbous, heaving — featured prominently. She turned up here and again on that one cable channel, was introduced as “hot” as she presented an award for something or other; and then that weekly entertainment magazine featured her on its cover; soon, that monthly entertainment magazine did the same.
But you dont know her the way I know her, because — as she looks at me, coyly, furtively, dare I say longingly — I suspect that this Hollywood actress I'm interviewing might be entertaining thoughts of having sex with me.
She met me at the door of the bungalow, where she's currently bunking until she picks a neighborhood in which to settle. “None of them remind me of back home,” she says, alluding to back home, to a state whose name I believe begins with a vowel. “Back home was HOME, you know?” she says, her non-brown eyes open wide, her lips pursed and moist, her bosom heaving. She says she wishes she could move in with her best friend, that other actress, the one who burst on the scene about 10 months before she did — but it's grown-up time, now. Roommates aren't where it's at. Not anymore, anyway.
She did have a roommate, a few months ago, that bad-boy actor who burst on the scene about five years ago. But that's since fizzled, she says. “Were just good friends,” she says. “Isn't that great when you can go from being so…intimate …into friendship? It's like a better layer of friendship. You know the person so much better as a person. Your friendship is that much deeper.” Is she trying to tell me something? She looks at me. I think she might be trying to tell me something.
She could afford Beluga caviar, but tonight were going with Mrs. Paul's. “I miss the simple things,” she says, stunning in her Donna Karan dress and Armani shoes, her bosom heaving. She looks at me and I think she may be entertaining thoughts of having sex with me.
After all: Me. I'm tall. Handsome. Smart — real smart. Sure, I could work out a little more, but I'm okay. The build is there, I just need to run a little more. And maybe — just maybe — I can provide for her some shelter, an anchor, a refuge from her life of chaos and millions of dollars and many, many handsome — but essentially untrustworthy — young actors.
She doesn't have tartar sauce. Just ketchup. She apologizes. That's okay, I say. She asks me about writing profiles like this one. Is it fun? Is it interesting? Who else have I written about? Anyone famous? She isn't like the self-absorbed actresses of other days, other interviews…she's interested. In me.
Her career is going well, she says. “But I don't want to jinx it.” She's working right now with a big-time director. Its a “great movie,” she says, a project that allows her to work with an older actress of note. This older actress was once extremely attractive, just like the actress before me who dips her fishsticks into a dainty pond of tomato sauce before me, but now she's older, mature, respectable, accomplished, wrinkled. “She's teaching me so much,” the Hollywood actress says.
Another movie starring the actress is about to hit the theaters. “I try not to pay any attention to that stuff,” she says, “box office and numbers and points. I try to stay grounded.”
“On the ground?” I say, broodingly, sexily, sounding not just a little but like Barry White ever since I started smoking. I lick my lips—unconsciously, just to remove a fleck of ketchup and a crumb of fried fishstick dough from the right corner of my lustrous lips — but she misses the performance entirely. She keeps eating.
“Iced tea? Or water?” she asks. “I have a Brita,” she quickly adds, referring to the trendy water pitcher so fashionable among the beautiful people, into whose ranks she has clearly burst, heaving.
“I don't mean to be a bitch” — she says, and nothing could be further from what she is, since she is heaven-sent, melodic, an angel, fresh and pink and baby-soft, I imagine — “but I really have to go.”
“To…?” I ask, curious. Have I offended her in some way? Is the tangible chemistry filling the room making her uncomfortable.
“I, um, I gotta see somebody about some stuff and stuff,” she says.
She smiles, wrinkling her nose like a bunny rabbit.
I collect my stuff, and walk out the door, dreaming of the next time I see her, trusting that there will be a next time but at the same time wondering if perhaps the train of fame will take her far from me, that we will be torn apart by our different lifestyles, friends, our different worlds, circumstances, dreams — just like that last Hollywood Actress I interviewed who, I'm pretty sure, had a notion of giving me oral pleasure.
In the first half of this year, Twitter removed nearly 300,000 accounts that fell under this category and it notes that 75 percent of them were taken down before they tweeted. This year's account suspensions are down slightly from the second half of 2016, which saw 376,000 accounts suspended. In its report, the company highlighted its own efforts in combatting terrorism-linked accounts citing that 95 percent of account suspensions were a result of their own tools and algorithms and that government requests for removals only accounted for less than one percent of resulting suspensions. The role of government requests in rooting out these accounts is lessening, down 80 percent compared to the last half of 2016.
Twitter has come under fire in recent years for inadequate responses to terrorism, which some think has helped violent extremism grow. The company has even been sued for inaction by relatives of those killed in the San Bernardino attack -- who also sued Facebook and Google -- and taken to court by the wife of a US contractor killed in Jordan for allowing ISIS supporters on the site. The UK parliament also called out Twitter -- as well as Facebook and YouTube -- for not doing enough to purge terrorists from its website.
From the beginning of August, 2015 through June of this year, Twitter says it has suspended 935,897 accounts for promoting terrorism.
“The Borg are the ultimate user. They're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced. They're not interested in political conquest, wealth, or power as you know it. They're simply interested in your ship, its technology, They've identified it as something they can consume.” – Q Star Trek: The Next Generation, “Q Who”
This June, WizKids/NECA will release thebringing the Borg back to Star Trek: Attack Wing in a new and exciting way.The Borg Cube is one of the most formidable technologies known to the Federation. Its lack of identifiable function spaces, such as a bridge, engineering, or personal quarter, reveals the hive-like Borg collective consciousness and its drones. It not only carries “smart” weaponry that adapts, but it also can analyze an opponent's weapons systems and adapt defenses within seconds.On 2373 a cube tried to conquer Earth by altering the timeline, but was destroyed with concentrated weapons fire by a Starfleet Armada. It ejected a smaller, spherical ship, a Borg Sphere, which created a time vortex that allowed the sphere to travel back in time in an effort to stop humanity's first contact with an alien species.Attack Wing players will recognize the look of the massive Borg Cube Premium Figure, but this new version contains a surprise. Inside the Borg Cube lies a spherical port that is home to the Sphere 936. Just like in the movie “First Contact”, the Borg Sphere can detach from the Borg Cube and join in the battle or it can be played separately as its own ship. Additionally, there is a brand new “First Contact” Scenario that allows up to five players to play cooperatively and take on the Borg threat. Check WizKids.com/AttackWing for details about the all new scenario play included with the Borg Cube.includes 46 cards, 47 tokens, 2 maneuver dials, 1 Shield Tracker, 1 Hull Tracker and an instruction sheet. Looking at these ships in more detail, the Borg Cube can be played in many ways, either as Cube 384, a generic Borg Starship, or as part of the “First Contact” Scenario. Also, the included Sphere 936 can be played as itself, a generic Borg Sphere, or as a Borg Support Vehicle for Cube 384.Cube 384 gains one extra Shield and one extra Borg Upgrade slot compared to the generic Borg Cube. The newly balanced point value gives you all the power you would expect from the Borg at a more playable cost, including a 6 Primary Weapon Value, Zero Agility, 10 Hull and 10 Shields all for 52 SP. The special ability for Cube 384 prevents your shields from being affected by Upgrades from an opponent's fleet. Sphere 936 will seem familiar to previous versions of the Borg Sphere with identical stats and point values. This new named version of the Borg Sphere allows you to equip 1 upgrade (of your choice) at -2 SP to this ship and you may use a 1[straight], 2 [straight], or 3 [straight] Maneuver Templates to place it in the play area when it becomes Active as a support ship. The newadds a new play mechanic to Star Trek: Attack Wing, and that is the concept of “support ships.” A ship with a Borg Support Vehicle Token (BSVT) assigned to it is considered to be a “support ship.” The support ship may be any ship with a Hull Value of 7 or less. During Set Up, the cost of this ship is -10 SP (-15 SP if it is a Borg Sphere). This ship must be assigned a Captain and may be equipped with any Upgrades as normal.The support ship is considered to be “deployed” to the Borg Cube and follows these special rules:1) The support ship remains out of the play area and cannot affect the play area or be affected by anything in the play area in any way (movement, attacks, text abilities, etc.) until it becomes Active (i.e. is placed in the play area).2) The support ship is made Active in one of two ways:a) It immediately becomes Active if the Borg Cube to which it is deployed is destroyed, ORb) During the Activation Phase, if all of the Borg Cube's shields are destroyed, it may use the Action listed on the Borg Support Vehicle Dock Upgrade.is a 0 SP cost Borg Upgrade that can only be purchased for a Borg Cube. At the start of the game, place a Borg Support Vehicle Token (BSVT) on one ship in your fleet. As an action, if all your ship's shields have been destroyed, you may discard this card and spend 1 Drone Token to make your support ship Active. If you do, place an Auxiliary Power Token beside your ship; your ship cannot attack this round. Thereturns as Captain of Cube 384. At the start of the game, place 6 Drone Tokens on this card. As an action, the Borg Queen can target a ship at Range 1, spend 2 Drone Tokens to disable 1 Crew Upgrade on the target ship (your choice) and steal the upgrade even if it exceeds your ship's restrictions.is the Captain for the Sphere 936. At the start of the game, place 4 Drone Tokens on this card. As an action, Tactical Drone can spend 2 Drone Tokens to target a ship at Range 1-2. Discard 1 Evade, 1 Scan, or 1 Battle Stations Token from beside that ship and place a Scan Token beside your ship.is an Elite Talent Upgrade that allows you to discard this card in order to perform this action. All friendly ships within Range 1-2 of your ship gain +1 attack die this round when attacking. This Upgrade may only be assigned to the Borg Queen.is a Tech Upgrade that allows you, while defending, to discard this card and spend 3 Drone Tokens to force the attacking ship to redo its attack. All of the dice (attack and defense) are rolled again. All cards and tokens that were used in the original attack remain used and cannot be used in the second attack. This Upgrade can only be purchased for a Borg Ship.
If you are looking for a true challenge the Star Trek: First Contact Scenario is a fun new way for 1-5 players to face off against the Borg. Basically, the Borg Cube attacks autonomously and fights the players using a deck of Borg Attack Cards to determine how the Cube will Attack. Each turn the players are dealt a Battle Objective Card which can grant them a strategic advantage if completed or force them to face the repercussions if they fail. Find out more about how the scenario works on WizKids.com/AttackWing.
Whether using Cube 384 and Sphere 936 as a part of your daunting fleet or teaming up with some friends to battle against the Borg menace in the Star Trek: First Contact Scenario, the Borg Cube with Sphere Port Premium Figure is sure to make opposing ships turn tail with its frightening dimensions and supreme power. You can find the Borg Cube with Sphere Port Premium Figure at your friendly local gaming store in June.
Visit WizKids/NECA at WizKids.com/AttackWing for additional information about Star Trek: Attack Wing and visit the WizKids Info Network to search for Organized Play events in your local area.
“It's not a particularly overwhelming bill. It's just silly,” says Pemberton, a computer programmer who stressed he is not looking for sympathy.
Toronto resident Nick Pemberton used $1.30 worth of electricity at his Muskoka cottage in the fall — and paid Hydro One $82.53 to deliver it.
“I posted it on Facebook as a joke. And then I heard from people who were paying $120 or $130 on delivery further away,” adds Pemberton, whose century-old family cottage is on Lake Joseph. “It's crazy.”
But like many Ontarians putting their hydro bills under the microscope — particularly rural homeowners clobbered by the punishing costs of electric heating in areas without natural gas service — he is looking for some answers.
Based on the cost of building, maintaining and keeping transmission lines in good repair — Hydro One alone has 123,000 kilometres of wires carried on 88,000 towers over a service area twice the size of Texas — the fees can vary widely depending on where you live and how much electricity is used.
Wynne acknowledges that distribution fees need a closer look as her government scrambles to defuse consumer anger and frustration .
“Every month, people in our communities are struggling to cover the total cost on their bills,” she says.
As preposterous as a bill like that sounds, Premier Kathleen Wynne agrees it's no laughing matter.
“We just have not landed on exactly what it is we're going to do.”
“One of the things I hear a lot about … delivery charges. And so we're looking at what we can possibly do to lower delivery charges,” the premier said.
Industry insiders say there is no “magic bullet” but possible solutions for easing bills include subsidizing the delivery fees through tax revenue, putting a share of expensive new sources of renewable power on the tax base instead of hitting hydro ratepayers, or equalizing delivery charges by raising them in cheaper-to-serve urban areas to offset costs for hard-hit customers in remote ones.
“We're one of the few systems that does this,” Ferio Pugliese, hired from consumer-friendly WestJet last fall as Hydro One's executive vice-president of customer and corporate affairs, said of Ontario's patchwork of different regional delivery fees.
Green party Leader Mike Schreiner favours equalizing delivery charges, meaning the overwhelming number of urban Ontarians who enjoy much cheaper natural gas heating would pay a little more to help ease the burden on rural residents with electric heat.
“City folks are not feeling the same pain.”
The government offered hope to rural residents last week by approving a $100 million fund to help natural gas companies extend their pipelines to areas not now served.
That would allow people with electric or oil heat to convert, saving thousands in the long run because natural gas is one-quarter the cost of electricity and one-third the cost of fuel oil.
Some help on high bills arrived Jan. 1 when the province began waiving the 8-per-cent provincial portion of the HST on electric bills. Customers in remote rural areas are getting extra aid, lowering their costs by a combined total of about $45 monthly.
“Many of them are older dwellings, not the most contemporary by way of insulation,” said Pugliese, who was raised in Kerns, population 360, near Kirkland Lake, Ont.
Delivery costs are higher in northern and rural Ontario because there are fewer customers served by the lines in a situation he describes as “more hydro poles than people.” In Toronto, there are almost 1,200 customers per square kilometre to share the costs.
Figures from the Ministry of Energy show the average monthly charge for delivery of electricity is $32 for typical household consumption of 750 kilowatt hours. That includes meter reading, general utility operations and a variable charge based on the amount of power used.
The fees range from a low of $15.55 at tiny ELK Energy Inc. in Essex, near Windsor, to a high of $90.84 for seasonal customers in remote areas served by Hydro One.
Costs of service for municipally owned ELK for its approximately 11,000 customers from Lake St. Clair to Lake Erie are kept low and “we're just very customer focused,” says Mark Danelon, director of finance and regulatory affairs.
“We still get issues like ‘Why is my bill so high?' We still hear from disgruntled customers. It all depends on the home, the age of the home, whether people are on a fixed income.”
Toronto Hydro, one of the largest local utilities in the province, is above average at $37.57. London, Kitchener, Sudbury and Windsor are all in the $24 to $27 range.
While the skyrocketing cost of electricity has been widely publicized by critics — up 101 per cent since 2006, according to Hydro One — delivery charges, up less than 50 per cent in the same period, are getting more attention from ratepayers now for good reason, opposition parties say.
Complaints peaked after a hot summer with air conditioners running constantly and picked up again when the cold weather hit, particularly in the north where mild spells are rare. Air conditioning, for example, can account for 50 per cent of an electricity bill during a long hot spell.
“It's coalescing because people, particularly in rural Ontario, see bills for delivery that are higher than the cost of the electricity they've consumed. It's crazy,” says New Democrat MPP and energy critic Peter Tabuns.
“Their anger is the result of being ignored by this government for almost a decade and now all of a sudden the government says they're going to fix everything,” adds Progressive Conservative MPP John Yakabuski.
“They don't have any credibility.”
Energy Minister Glen Thibeault says prices for electricity and delivery have risen because of massive improvements to the hydro system, from closing heavily polluting coal-fired power plans to fixing transmission lines to improve reliability.
Typically, delivery fees are 30 to 40 per cent of an electricity bill, he notes.
“We recognize that the investments required to upgrade an antiquated system prone to brownouts and blackouts has come at a cost to electricity consumers, and we're trying to fix that.”
Energy-saving tips
Aside from buying energy-efficient LED light bulbs, improving insulation and cutting down on drafts, there are small ways to cut down on electricity bills that many people don't think of, says an efficiency expert.
“I still know people who are setting back their electric baseboard heaters at night,” says Ben Polley of Evolve Builders in Guelph, which specializes in green homes and renovations. “They're hurting themselves.”
Ratepayers with electric heat should be taking advantage of cheaper hydro rates between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. and on weekends to crank up the heat, says Polley, who recommends a programmable thermostat for the job.
Time-of-use rates overnight and on weekends are less than half the peak daytime prices from 7 to 11 a.m. and 5 to 7 p.m.
Cutting down on drafts, by targeting cans of spray-foam insulation in open areas behind the walls surrounding windows and doors, or using weather stripping and caulking in those areas and where walls meet foundations or rooflines, can also make a big difference.
“It's really simple, low-tech stuff and low skill for the average person. The payback can be good,” adds Polley, who says such measures can allow homeowners to lower their thermostats by a couple of degrees because rooms feel warmer when drafts are eliminated.
Insulation should never be left out of any major renovation because it doesn't add much to the construction cost but makes a huge difference in energy bills.
Other potential measures — without tearing a house apart — can include adding solar water heaters and, for small families, on-demand water heaters with small tanks that use half the electricity compared with traditional models with large tanks.
They can account for as much as one-third of a household hydro bill, so it's worth replacing the old-style tanks when they wear out after 10 to 15 years, says Polley, a former Green party candidate.
“The cost is double a normal hot water heater but the payback is there after a few years,” he said.
Polley himself lives in a fully renovated and thoroughly insulated Ontario cottage home first built in the 1800s and — in what seems counterintuitive — disconnected his natural gas line to the furnace and installed electric baseboards.
They were cheaper than a new furnace and can be augmented with his wood stove if necessary.
“Right now my house is set at 15 degrees,” he says, wearing jeans and a polar fleece top over a T-shirt. “That's all our bodies need if there are no drafts.”
New Democrat MPP Peter Tabuns, who spent about $3,000 a few years ago insulating the attic and some walls in his Toronto-Danforth home along with buying LED light bulbs, says he noticed a drop in his electricity and natural gas use.
“It was not a lot of money. We were surprised,” says Tabuns, who spent the money on top of a government subsidy program for energy retrofits and called on the Wynne administration to offer more help to homeowners.
“We desperately need people to get the work done without having to lay out a lot of money up front.”
The government has promised more programs soon under its new cap-and-trade plan to limit greenhouse gas emissions.
To the suggestion that his recent endorsement of Sen. Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination showed personal disloyalty to Sen. Hillary Clinton, Gov. Bill Richardson said that in deciding between love for country and love for the Clintons, he chose his country.
He also criticized the "personal venom" of some Hillary supporters, like James Carville, who criticized Richardson for his announcement of backing Obama, saying they feel a sense of entitlement, "that the presidency is theirs.
"I think loyalty to the nation, loyalty to the party is a lot more important than personal loyalty," Richardson, D-N.M., told Face The Nation host Bob Schieffer. "I owe the Clintons a lot. I served in the president's cabinet. That loyalty is to President Clinton. That doesn't mean that I'm going to for the rest of my life be in lockstep with whatever they do."
To underscore his point, Richardson pointed out, "I ran against Senator Clinton. I was a presidential candidate."
With regard to recent suggestions on how to resolve the tight race between Clinton and Obama, a race that may come down to the party's superdelegates choosing a nominee, Richardson said a meeting of superdelegates (who could convene to make their choice known weeks before the August convention) was an "interesting" idea but should not overrule the choice made by voters.
"What you don't want is for the big shots in the party, the superdelegates, to determine the nominee," he said. "It should be voters. It should be delegates chosen according to proportionality.
"But, maybe, what can happen is some of the major party leaders like Governor Dean and Speaker Pelosi, Al Gore, John Edwards … find ways that superdelegates can have discussions, can have some kind of consensus emerging so that we don't have a bloody convention where we're weakened."
Also appearing on the program was Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter, D., who said discussions about vice-presidential options for the Democratic ticket were "getting the cart before the horse" before the remaining primaries - including Pennsylvania's - are done.
"Let's try to stay focused on the election at hand," Nutter said.
This past Sunday at the OC Night Market in Costa Mesa, California, an Asian man was brutally beaten by a Caucasian man and his female accomplices after they tried to cut in line to purchase drinks.
When the victim refused to let the group cut in line, a confrontation broke out. One of the victim's friends, identified as “J Kiva Huynh” recounted what happened in a Facebook post that has since gone viral.
“The girl made comments about going back to Asia and eating dogs because he didn't let her cut in line to buy drinks & after a confrontation…They deliberately waited until he left the event and followed him to his car & jumped him at around 11:10 in the parking lot near Fair Dr & across the street from city hall,” Huynh wrote.
The victim was rushed to the ER with lacerations to the face, bruises and bumps, and several damaged teeth. He is expected to make a full recovery, but will need stitches as well as dental work for his injuries.
The perpetrators are identified as a Caucasian male, about 20 years old, 6'3″, slim, with tattoo sleeves. He was accompanied by two Caucasian girls.
A GoFundMe campaign has been started by the victim's friends to help cover the medical costs he can't afford. The victim's name has not been released to protect his privacy as the perpetrators at still at large.
If you have any information regarding this incident, please contact the Costa Mesa Police Department at (714) 754-5280.
h/t: Foodbeast
A year ago I made a sketch with Ghost Bride Morgana for Halloween, but didn't have time to paint her. But this year I try to catch up with some my old sketches and ideas, so I drew her I'm so happy that finally I can show you the idea which was living in my head for so long: the
rose becomes blue/dead once it touches Morgana cheek
And I hope you will like it ^^
My lovely patrons will get (Ghost Bride Morgana :nsfw optional:):
big size image
NSFW version
step-by-step
psd-file
brush pack
GIF images (animations)
Supporting me on Patreon you help me to continue to draw!! And each month you'll get new art, NSFW pictures, wallpapers, tutorials and more ^v~ patreon.com/olchas
Thank you guys for any kind of help! And many thanks for your favs and comments, sorry that I can't reply to all of you!! Have a nice day
__________________
__________________
~Commissions info~ Will be reopened soon
Share your craft ideas for a share of the ad revenue. Click on Write For Us.
Hungry Monster Colour Matching Game
Feed Me Now!
Time
Age
Level
These paper bags will be transformed into Hungry Monsters
Materials
Paper bags
Scissors
Coloured paper
Glue
Pens, googly eyes and other other decorations you have
Different coloured Lego or Mega Bloks
Method
The basis for your creation is a simple paper bag. Once stood up it will be the body of the monster.
Snip off the handles of the bags and then cut monster shapes from different colours of paper.
Cut a hole in the paper for the mouth. It should be large enough to feed a Lego or Maga Blok through.
Glue the paper monsters to the front of the bags and then cut a hole in the bag where the mouth is.
The fun now begins for the kids. Decorate each monster with whatever you have to hand.
Once your monsters are ready, open the bags and stand them up.
Pile up some Lego or Mega Bloks in front and kids can now feed the hungry monsters. Blue for the blue monster, yellow for the yellow one.
Categories
This is a great activity for young kids to learn about colours and older kids will also enjoy decorating their Monster bags.: 15 - 20 minutes: Under 5's: Easy
This article originally appeared on The Life and Writings of Kate Baer and has been republished here with permission. By Kate Baer.
We've talked about a lot of things here on the blog. We've talked about marriage and sex, breastfeeding and hemorrhoids, mornings and morning sickness. What's funny is that out of all of it, the thing you bring up most is the first post labour poo. Sometimes in the middle of the grocery store. Women come up to me and say, “Wasn't it just terrible? I can't believe how terrible it was.” Then they thank me for talking about it.
Of course no thanks is needed. Honestly I don't know how you don't talk about it. I wish so desperately that someone would have warned me of this atrocity. I wish even more that someone would have told me what to do to make it less painful.
Some of you will mention you have never had to deal with a difficult first post labour poo. For some reason or another, you were blessed with amazing bowels or a body that takes labor and delivery like a Dugger. My sincerest congratulations. You dodged a bullet. You are dismissed.
Here's my story:
Two days after I came home from the birthing center with my new baby boy, I knew I couldn't avoid it any longer. It had been 6 days since anything had passed through my system and it was time. I waited until the baby fell asleep and then quietly slipped into the bathroom. Austin wasn't home so I gave myself a little mirror pep talk and took a few deep breaths. It was go time. Literally.
Ten seconds into the endeavour, I was crying and bracing myself against the wall. Two minutes later I was on the phone with my OBGYN asking if it was possible for my vagina to fall out while trying to have a BM. The nurse was very kind and assured me I just needed to relax and maybe take a stool softener. A stool softener? Honey, I've taken 7.
I hung up.
After a few more minutes of quiet screams and pledges to never, ever do this again–the baby started to cry from the other room. Panic washed over me as I realized I was really in no position to get up. I was in the middle of Anal Armageddon for Pete's sake. I waited a few minutes hoping he would fall back asleep, but his cries only escalated. I tried calling Austin who was painting a house a few miles away, but he didn't answer. I cursed him. I cursed him for not having to do any of the hard parts; labour, a third degree tear, and now a situation I can only describe as “ass glass.”
Finally I just faced the fact that this was happening, picked myself up, waddled out to the baby, returned with him attached to my breast, and the experienced the worst 15 minutes of my life. Really. It was the worst.
A year later and this memory is the single largest barrier between me and baby number two. In retrospect, I should have done things a little differently but I didn't know any better.
Save yourself.
Five tips for surviving that first post labor poo:
1) Get medicated.
Panadol, haemarroid cream, cooling creams, stool softeners, wine. Do it. Do it all.
2) Apply counter pressure.
It was only after my first post labour poo that a friend told me to apply counter pressure. It was in a facebook message and I immediately started crying. Yes! Of course! Applying counter pressure in the front with a frozen pad makes it much easier to go in the back without worrying about anything ripping or falling out. (Tip: Soak a nappy and then put it in the freezer. Take out when you're ready to use the bathroom).
3) Don't do it alone.
Wait until someone else is around before attempting the first labour poo. Moral support plus you won't have to risk bringing the baby into a war zone.
4) Avoid cheese and anything else that will make your stool hard enough to cut glass.
Fruit and veggies are your friend. Prune juice too if you can stomach it, though I'm pretty sure prune juice contains no prunes. Just dirty feet and garbage.
5) Go to the doctor if it doesn't get better.
Not to freak you out, but my post labour poos didn't get any easier. In fact, I shit glass for 6 weeks straight before I finally went to the doctor. As it turns out, I had nasty anal fissures as a result of a difficult delivery. Swallow your pride. If it still hurts after a week or so, you might need a prescription to poo in peace.
Now that you have all the secrets, I should probably tell you that no matter what–it's still going to be uncomfortable. That whole situation in general is uncomfortable. Be gentle, be safe, and avoid anything that is going to put stress on your body. Two weeks after I had Waylon, we moved and I regretted it for days afterward. My body suffered, especially that part of my body.
What about you? Do you have any tips on post labor pooing? I know it's awkward for some of us to talk about it. If you ever need to feel less awkward, think about Paris Hilton pooing because she totally does it too! Everybody poos! And almost every mum has survived a gritty post labour poo. It's a rite of passage. One that still leaves shivers up my spine.
Good luck.
Kate Baer is writer and mama of two meatball kids. Her favourite things to do include avoiding housework and eating a sandwich alone. She is currently a contributing writer on HuffPo Parents, working on her first book and can be found on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Stephen Lendman
Activist Post
NSA and CIA aren't America's only rogue agencies. The FBI's been around since 1908. From 1924 – 1972, J. Edgar Hoover ran it.
He did so extrajudicially. He did repressively. He waged war on freedom. He defended capital's divine right. He trashed democratic values.
He targeted alleged communists, anti-war, human and civil rights activists, political dissidents, the American Indian Movement, and Black Panther Party among other groups and individuals.
He did it no-holds-barred. So did his successors. Harassment, intimidation, false accusations, disinformation, and political assassinations are common agency practice.
Previous articles discussed what goes on. Rule of law principles don't matter. FBI powers are sweeping. They're used extrajudicially. They're unaccountable.
Anyone can be targeted for any reason or none at all. No probable cause, reasonable grounds, or suspicions are needed.
Constitutional rights don't matter. Exercising free expression makes law-abiding Americans vulnerable.
Alleged terror plots are FBI hatched. Innocent victims are lawlessly entrapped. Whistleblowers are ruthlessly targeted. Rogue agencies operate this way.
According to the ACLU, “(t)oday's FBI doesn't just search for evidence to catch criminals, terrorist and spies. Working with other government agencies and private companies, it helps gather information about millions of law abiding Americans.”
It does it by “tracking our communications and associations.” It operates extrajudicially. It does so secretly. It does whatever it wants unaccountably. It does it with executive branch authorization.
A previous article discussed an ACLU fact sheet. It headlined “The Ten Most Disturbing Things You Should Know About the FBI Since 9/11.”
It explained Patriot Act abuses, racial, ethnic and religious bias, unrestrained metadata-mining, targeting dissent and independent journalists, stonewalling congressional oversight, and other unconstitutional practices.
Like NSA, CIA and other rogue US agencies, the FBI's a power unto itself. A new ACLU report explains more. It's titled “Unleashed and Unaccountable: The FBI's Unchecked Abuse of Authority.” More on that below.
On September 4, James Comey became the FBI's seventh director. He replaced Robert Mueller. A previous article discussed him. It raised serious concerns.
It said police state America's in good hands with him in charge. He'll continue Mueller's worst practices. He'll do it with technological ease.
His past record gives civil libertarians cause for concern. He, Attorney General John Ashcroft, and DOJ Office of Legal Council head Jack Goldsmith authorized lawless practices. In 2004, they approved warrantless spying.
Comey was involved in Bush's torture program and extraordinary renditions. He wrote legal opinions justifying them. He'll partner with CIA head John Brennan. He's Obama's maestro of murder.
With Brennan and Comey running rogue agencies, expect civil liberties to erode further on their watch. They're mandated to destroy them.
The ACLU said Comey assumes FBI control after it's been “radically transformed” during Mueller's 12 year tenure.
He usurped “unprecedented” intelligence gathering and law enforcement powers. He expanded FBI operations globally. He did so extrajudicially.
“Extraordinary” abuses occurred on his watch. On the false pretext of post-9/11 national security priorities, he ruthlessly targeted Muslims, other racial and religious minorities, immigrants, civil libertarians, anti-war protesters, whistleblowers, and Occupy Wall Street activists among others.
He “subverted internal and external oversight,” said ACLU. He operated secretly. He violated core rule of law principles. He stonewalled Congress. He waged war on freedom.
ACLU's new report says “throughout its history, the FBI regularly overstepped the law.” Doing so “infring(es) on Americans' constitutional rights while overzealously pursuing its domestic security mission.”
Post-9/11, policy became anything goes. Today, constitutional freedoms more than ever are threatened. The FBI “collect(s), store(s), and analyze(s) data about millions of innocent Americans.” Excessive secrecy cloaks its operations.
“Courts (are) reticent to challenge government secrecy demands and, despite years of debate in Congress regarding the proper scope of domestic surveillance, it took unauthorized leaks by a whistleblower to finally reveal the government's secret interpretations of these laws and the Orwellian scope of its domestic surveillance program.”
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Clear evidence shows abusive FBI practices. They don't prevent alleged terrorism. The ACLU says vital reforms are needed.
Bush Attorney General Michael Mukasey supported lawless police state practices. He endorsed unchecked executive branch power.
He asked Congress to redefine habeas rights. He deplored due process and other judicial rights. He wanted carte blanche authority to wage war on terror. He supported lawlessly spying on Americans.
He re-wrote the FBI's rulebook. He gave its agents unfettered authority to investigate without probable cause. He created new intrusive procedures to do so. He called it “assessment.” It requires no “factual predicate.”
It gives FBI agents sweeping unchecked powers. They take full advantage. They operate extrajudicially. They do so abusively. According to ACLU:
They search “government or commercial databases, conduct overt or covert FBI interviews, and task informants to gather information about people or infiltrate lawful organizations.”
Thousands of innocent victims are targeted. It's standard FBI practice. It's worse than ever today. It suggests greater toughness coming.
From 2009 – 2011, the FBI opened over 82,000 “assessments.” A small fraction warranted further investigation. A minuscule percent discovered wrongdoing.
No terror plots were uncovered. Alleged ones were fake. The FBI employs thousands of undercover agents.
They entrap innocent victims. They're well paid for doing so. They earn around $100,000 per assignment. Muslims are the FBI's target of choice. They're war on terror scapegoats.
They're vilified, dehumanized, spied on, set up as patsies, hunted down, rounded up, held in detention, kept in isolation, denied bail, restricted in their right to counsel, tried on secret evidence, convicted on bogus charges, given long sentences, and treated harshly as political prisoners.
A government/media manipulated climate of fear facilitates lawless practices. Rogue federal agencies take full advantage.
By 2012, FBI metadata-mining collected around six billion records. Doing so equals 20 separate ones for every American, said ACLU.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! Practices skirt internal and external oversight. The FBI is exempted from the 1989 Whistleblower Protection Act. It protects government employees who report misconduct. Federal agencies are prohibited from retaliating against those who do so. Whistleblowers may report law or regulatory violations, gross mismanagement, waste, fraud and/or abuse, or acts endangering public health or safety. FBI officials suppress internal dissent. They retaliate against anyone reporting lawless agency practices. They aggressively target other whistleblowers. Doing so led to an unprecedented number of Espionage Act prosecutions under Obama. In 2011, the ACLU exposed flawed/biased FBI training materials. They're used to teaching lawless investigatory practices. The FBI was established to operate domestically. Increasingly it does so overseas. Doing so makes its activities harder to monitor. “(T)roubling cases indicate the FBI may have requested, facilitated, and/or exploited the arrests of US citizens by foreign governments, often without charges, so they could be held and interrogated, sometimes tortured, and then interviewed by FBI agents,” said ACLU. Other Americans are lawlessly barred from flying. Under Obama, the number affected doubled. “There is no fair procedure for those mistakenly placed on the list to challenge their inclusion,” said ACLU. Many affected are subjected to repressive FBI interrogations. “The ACLU is suing the government on behalf of 10 American citizens and permanent residents who were prevented from flying to the US, arguing that barring them from flying without due process is unconstitutional,” it said. Abusive FBI practices are unconstitutional. Congress has legislative power to end them. Administration officials permit out-of-control lawlessness. Full-blown tyranny is a hair's breadth away. It's happening in plain sight. It's because nothing is done to stop it. Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at [email protected] His new book is titled How Wall Street Fleeces America: Privatized Banking, Government Collusion and Class War. Also visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com and listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon. All programs are archived for easy listening. http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour/
St. Louis photographer Lindy Drew spends her days talking to strangers.
If they're up for it, Drew asks questions like, “What's the nicest thing anyone has said to you lately?” before asking to take their picture. If you're on Facebook, you've probably seen her project: Humans of St. Louis, also known as HOSTL (pronounced “hostile”).
“I know; it's ironic, because we're anything but hostile,” Drew said.
For now, the Facebook page is just a hobby. But the Washington University graduate student wants to turn it into a job, allowing the photos and stories she finds to spark conversations about romance, religion and racism among a wider circle of people.
“We'll see how far HOSTL can go,” Drew said.
St. Louis Public Radio's Nancy Fowler joins Lindy Drew on a search for Humans of St. Louis and the quest to take the project to the next level.
‘I want to feel chills'
On a recent sunny afternoon, Drew hit the streets of north St. Louis, starting on Grand Boulevard in front of Saint John's United Church of Christ and heading south, toward Natural Bridge Avenue.
Along the way, she met 59-year-old Ryan Calmese, whose T-shirt read, "Nice opinion — too bad it's wrong."
Calmese had plenty to say about what's right and wrong in today's world, about parenting, about living in St. Louis and about the ubiquity of mobile devices.
“These folks with these cell phones, I mean it's ridiculous,” he said. “You would think they were born with a cell phone in their ear.”
Calmese and Drew talked for about 15 minutes. But she wasn't quite sure whether the interview would make it as a Humans of St. Louis profile.
“I want to feel chills. I want to feel my heart skip a beat,” Drew said. “I have to go back and listen to the tape but my first reaction is, in the moment, I didn't feel that.”
She would find that later, on a street off of North Grand, in a conversation with Jon Price. Price, who was sitting in a folding chair set up in the street, was more than willing to talk. Drew asked him about his talents. He said he remodels houses and replaces front brakes.
"And I went to cosmetology school because I have three daughters,” Price said. “I still press their hair and curl it when they need it. And they're 27, 22, and I have an 11-year-old.”
Price's reply made Drew's heart skip a beat. The chills she looks for came when he told her about being shot five times, once in the head.
"[It was] over there by Blewett Middle School,” Price said. “They just got to shooting, all at once. I had no idea they were arguing. [I was at the] wrong place at the wrong time.”
Price laughed off his brush with death.
“The craziest part was when they were taking the bullet out of my head,” he said. “The doctor said, ‘You've got a hard head.'”
But with just a few words, he had focused attention on a very important local issue — public safety. Drew knew his story was going on Facebook.
“And now, let's let the conversation happen,” she said.
Where conversations begin
Almost from the beginning, Humans of St. Louis has been a place for discussions about the difficulties facing the St. Louis region.
Drew and her friend Caroline Fish started Humans of St. Louis in 2014, naming it after the Humans of New York project. Only a few months later, Michael Brown was fatally shot by a police officer. In Ferguson and throughout St. Louis, Drew asked people about the tragedy and its aftermath. The photos and stories she posted on Facebook prompted heated debates in the comments.
"That was the first time we realized, 'Wow, we need to keep going with the project,'” Drew said.
Ferguson certainly boosted HOSTL's social media presence. In August 2014, the Facebook page had around 14,000 "likes," a number that's now up to more than 67,000.
But social media stats aren't the point, according to Drew. The goal is getting people to communicate, to "start the conversation at the dinner table or with your family and friends about a topic that you wouldn't normally talk about," she said.
To keep the conversations going, and to expand the discussion, Drew, Fish and newer partner Dessa Somerside want to turn Humans of St. Louis into a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. A crowdfunding campaign and a photo exhibition that opened Friday will help with publicity and the cost of launching the non-profit.
Right now Drew's busy finishing a master's degree program in social work and public health at Washington University. So she's still figuring out what a more permanent version of Humans of St. Louis would actually look like.
“I don't have answers but if someone has creative ideas, let's explore that," she said.
Her own ideas include hiring more photographers, and holding photography classes for kids and teens. If HOSTL was her job, she'd have more time to make connections that would open up collaboration with other non-profits and give the HOSTL community on Facebook more ways to interact in real life.
“There's people who see posts of people and they say ‘how can we help this person. Give me a contact, we want to reach out,'" Drew said.
Regardless of what it looks like, Drew said, she's proud of what HOSTL has accomplished.
"We've created one more way in St. Louis for people who care about St. Louis, who are invested in St. Louis, who are curious about St. Louis to have these really rich conversations," she said.
A funded HOSTL would also further embed Drew, an Arizona native, into the St. Louis community.
“When I moved here I did not think I'd be there longer than I was signed up for school. This project, the current events and the people sucked me in," she said said.
The Humans of St. Louis art exhibition runs through May 31 at the Old North St. Louis Restoration Group headquarters, 2700 N. 14th St. This photo is among those in the exhibition.
Follow Nancy Fowler on Twitter: @NancyFowlerSTL
However, many medical conditions in children can mirror ADHD symptoms, which makes correct diagnosis difficult. Rather than jump to conclusions, it's important to consider alternative explanations to ensure accurate treatment.
Children are readily diagnosed with ADHD due to sleeping troubles, careless mistakes, fidgeting, or forgetfulness. The cite ADHD as the most commonly diagnosed behavioral disorder in children under 18.
The most difficult differential diagnosis to make is between ADHD and bipolar mood disorder. These two conditions are often hard to distinguish because they share several symptoms, including:
mood instability
outbursts
restlessness
talkativeness
impatience
ADHD is characterized primarily by inattention, distractibility, impulsivity, or physical restlessness. Bipolar disorder causes exaggerated shifts in mood, energy, thinking, and behavior, from manic highs to extreme, depressive lows. While bipolar disorder is primarily a mood disorder, ADHD affects attention and behavior.
Differences
There are many distinct differences between ADHD and bipolar disorder, but they are subtle and may go unnoticed. ADHD is a lifelong condition, generally beginning before age 12, while bipolar disorder tends to develop later, after age 18 (although some cases may be diagnosed earlier).
ADHD is chronic, while bipolar disorder is usually episodic, and can remain hidden for periods between episodes of mania or depression. Children with ADHD may experience difficulty with sensory overstimulation, like transitions from one activity to the next, while children with bipolar disorder typically respond to disciplinary actions and conflict with authority figures. Depression, irritability, and memory loss are common after a symptomatic period of their bipolar disorder, while children with ADHD do not generally experience similar symptoms.
Moods
The moods of someone with ADHD approach suddenly and can dissipate quickly, often within 20 to 30 minutes. But the mood shifts of bipolar disorder last longer. A major depressive episode must last for two weeks to meet the diagnostic criteria, while a manic episode must last at least one week with the symptoms present for most of the day nearly every day (the duration may be less if symptoms become so severe that hospitalization becomes necessary). Hypomanic symptoms only need to last four days. Children with bipolar disorder appear to display ADHD symptoms during their manic phases, such as restlessness, trouble sleeping, and hyperactivity.
During their depressed phases, symptoms such as lack of focus, lethargy, and inattention can also mirror those of ADHD. However, children with bipolar disorder may experience difficulty falling asleep or may sleep too much. Children with ADHD tend to wake up quickly and become alert immediately. They may have trouble falling asleep, but can usually manage to sleep through the night without interruption.
Behavior
The misbehavior of children with ADHD and children with bipolar disorder is usually accidental. Ignoring authority figures, running into things, and making messes is often the result of inattentiveness, but may also be a result of a manic episode.
Children with bipolar disorder may engage in dangerous behavior. They may demonstrate grandiose thinking, taking up projects that they clearly cannot complete at their age and developmental level.
From our community
Only a mental health professional can accurately differentiate between ADHD and bipolar disorder. If your child is diagnosed with bipolar disorder, primary treatment includes psycho-stimulant and antidepressant medications, individual or group therapy, and tailored education and support. Medications may need to be combined or frequently changed to continue to produce beneficial results.
A Buddhist Garden of Peace in Rural Montana
By Justin Whitaker | | Buddhistdoor Global
The hills of rural Montana are not the first place one might go to find a sprawling Buddhist peace garden. But that is exactly what you will come upon if you turn east on White Coyote Road from Route 93 between Missoula and Kalispell, just north of Arlee on the Flathead Indian Reservation. After a short drive along that road you will see first a giant structure holding a statue (Tib: Yum Chenmo, Skt: Prajnaparamita; the Great Mother of Transcendent Wisdom), and then eight rows of white molded Buddhas stretching out from her, forming an eight-spoked Dharma wheel. As you park and approach on foot, you will find a variety of other statues, ponds, flowers (depending on the season), and inspirational quotations. Founded in 2000 by a Tibetan master of the Nyingma tradition, the garden now covers several acres, with each spoke ranging 500 feet. The garden is open year-round to visitors and hosts annual peace festivals along with other educational and outreach activities. This month I interviewed Deborah Hicks, media and communications coordinator for the Garden of One Thousand Buddhas.
Image courtesy of the author
Buddhistdoor Global: Can you tell me about your role at Ewam and how you first became involved? Deborah Hicks: I am the media and communications coordinator and the personal attendant to the resident abbot, Namchak Khen Rinpoche. I have been working for the garden since 2008. My husband and I first came to Ewam to perform music for the Festival of Peace in 2007 with our group Joan Zen. We have played in every fest since and I've been managing and organizing the event ever since.
BDG: What is the purpose of the Garden of One Thousand Buddhas? DH: The Garden of One Thousand Buddhas is dedicated as an International Peace Center, open to all faiths to come to experience peace, enjoy the Montana outdoors, and learn about Tibetan Buddhism by studying the scriptures, iconography, and symbolism in the garden. There are many monuments to war throughout the world. The garden is a monument to peace.
Image courtesy of the author
BDG: Ewam and Tulku Sang-ngag Rinpoche seem to have a particularly strong connection to Native Americans. How did that come about? DH: When Tulku Sang-ngag first came to this land, he was introduced to some of the native elders such as Stephen Small Salmon. They performed cooperative ceremonies to bless and consecrate this land. They found out through this work how much their faiths, ceremonies, and practices have in common. Through mutual respect and admiration, their friendships have grown deeper and some of our Native American friends visit and speak at the festival of peace annually. It was always important to everyone involved for us to foster harmony between our diverse religious groups and beliefs to bridge the divide between East and West.
Image courtesy of the author
BDG: Can you tell me more about working with tribal leaders and others in the surrounding area? DH: For our annual festivals, we have invited dozens of tribal elders, renowned education experts like Julie Cajune, and celebrated researchers in fields ranging from the environment (such as Janine Benyus), comparative religious studies, and professors from the university (including Steven Running), to speakers from all religions. This year we feature 10 faith groups and their sacred songs of prayer. Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Native American, and others will be featured demonstrating their songs of faith. As an international peace center, the garden endeavors to be a place where common goals, shared beliefs, and cross-cultural, interfaith education is shared.
BDG: And the peace festival, these have been going on for 13 years now. How did they begin? DH: Over the last 15 years, only missing one year, the fest has been an annual tradition at the garden. The intention was to offer a platform for celebrating peace as a community. It originally helped to raise awareness for the garden and bring cultures together to envision a world in which love and compassion can proliferate, crossing borders and boundaries. The first few years were small, long before even the statues were done or the walls were built. We would pull Buddha statues from the barn and set them up on hay bales to emulate what the garden would look like when finished. We asked local musicians and speakers to come and discuss peace. Each year we focus on a theme and ask speakers to discuss, sometimes in a panel.
Festival of Peace poster
BDG: Are there any particular highlights of speakers or events that you'd like to share? DH: Several years ago, Janine Benyus was a huge speaker, an authority and world-renowned expert on biomimicry. It was a fascinating discussion about the environment and healing the Earth. Having Tibetan musicians such as Tsering Lodoe and Ngawang Kechog (considered the ambassador of Tibetan music) were amazing performances in the past few years. This year, we have Samir Bitar, professor of Islamic Studies at the University of Montana, and Laurie Franklin of Har Shalom synagogue in Missoula representing the Jewish faith. About 10 years ago, award-winning author Frances Moore Lappé came and was a huge success.
BDG: And this year, what are the plans for the upcoming festival? DH: Every year we fundraise with a walk-a-mile for peace and raise thousands of dollars for the garden. This year we will have music from many religions all demonstrating how prayers are accomplished in their faiths. Add to that some local music from Drum Brothers and Josh Farmer, and it should be a well-attended event with vendors, art and crafts, food, and more. Most years we draw from 500–1,000 people.
With hundreds of millions of tonnes of plastic being produced globally every year, the race is on to find environmentally friendly alternatives to things like water bottles, so that huge amounts of unrecycled waste don't end up in landfill or the ocean.
Some of the most promising solutions could be garbage-eating worms and plastic-eating bacteria, but what if there's an even simpler approach? Icelandic product design student Ari Jónsson had such an idea: for a biodegradable drinking bottle made from a material that, unlike plastic, doesn't leave a near-permanent problem behind after it's been used.
"I read that 50 percent of plastic is used once and then thrown away so I feel there is an urgent need to find ways to replace some of the unreal amount of plastic we make, use and throw away each day," Jónsson told Dezeen magazine. "Why are we using materials that take hundreds of years to break down in nature to drink from once and then throw away?"
Looking at what materials could be used to create a drink bottle that breaks down after we no longer need it, Jónsson happened upon a powdered form of agar, a substance made from algae. When the powder is added to water, it forms into a jelly-like material, which when placed into a mould, can be shaped however you like. According to the designer, it will retain that shape until the bottle is drained.
"What makes this mix of algae and water an interesting solution is the lifespan of the bottle," Jónsson told Adele Peters at Fast Company. "It needs to contain liquid to keep its shape and as soon as it's empty it will start to decompose."
Jónsson, who studies at the Iceland Academy of the Arts, showed off the bottle as part of this month's DesignMarch exhibition in Reykjavik. He says water stored inside the bottle is entirely safe to drink, although it might absorb a bit of a salty taste from its agar vessel after a while.
You can even eat the bottle afterwards, if you feel a compulsion to do so. The taste of the bottle is "hard to describe," Jónsson told Fast Company. "I could say it's like seaweed jello, but I don't think many people have tasted something like that."
At this point, the biodegradable bottle is only a conceptual piece, and not yet ready for use as a serious alternative to plastics. Jónsson admits that the biggest issue with agar as a packaging material is that it tears quite easily – which isn't exactly something you want to deal with when it comes to carrying water around.
Nonetheless, the bottle's been designed to get people thinking about the products we use every day – and how there could be a better way of designing, manufacturing, and disposing of them.
"I can't claim that this is the perfect solution for our problem with plastic bottles," said Jónsson. "But it's a start and an idea that hopefully helps us to look at new ways to solve the problem… Switching to reusable bottles is also great, but that will have its pros and cons, just like my project, the more ways we can tackle this issue the better."
Boeing's Sonic Cruiser began its life almost a decade ago. At the end, its superawesome supersonic design was replaced by the 787 Dreamliner's superboring superquiet and superefficient blueprint, which started construction in 2007. Many thought the project was cancelled, but apparently a secret team of Boeing engineers is still working on it.
Advertisement
According to Stephen Trimble, the new Sonic Cruiser appeared in a patent published on April 19. It has a lot of changes: the engines are not embedded in the wings—a la Concorde—but placed over the wings, which also have vertical stabilizers. The engine would also have variable geometry chevrons, like the F-35. I would really like to see a 3D rendering of this new version (the one above is the old one).
Of course, this doesn't mean that Boeing is going to build the Sonic Cruiser anytime soon. But it's nice to know that someone is working in making it possible one day. [Flight Blogger]
The head of the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls is defending the inquiry's progress after the Native Women's Association of Canada publicly aired frustration over what it sees as delays and a lack of transparency.
NWAC, the leading voice for indigenous women across the country, released a statement Wednesday expressing its disappointment, going so far as to say the inquiry has made "no visible progress" since its summer launch. It marks the organization's strongest rebuke yet of an inquiry it had championed for more than a decade.
"After 11 years of conducting in-depth research, publishing extensive reports and campaigning for a national inquiry to address the alarming rates of violence against indigenous women and girls, we are very disappointed to see that over two months into the two-year inquiry mandate, no visible progress has been made," NWAC interim president Francyne Joe said. "Family members [and] loved ones have been waiting for decades to be heard."
Story continues below advertisement
In an interview with The Globe and Mail on Wednesday, the chief commissioner said she understands the frustration and sought to clarify the progress made to date. British Columbia judge Marion Buller noted it has not, in fact, been two months since the $54-million inquiry began, as the NWAC statement says. She said there is confusion among many who think the inquiry started Aug. 3 – the day the federal government made a major announcement appointing five commissioners and releasing the terms of reference. But the official start date was Sept. 1.
She called the past month "an exceptionally busy time" for the commissioners. "In one month, we've accomplished a lot," said Justice Buller, who was in Ottawa for in-person meetings with the four other commissioners, who are based in Saskatchewan, Ontario and Quebec.
By next week, she said, she expects a phone line will be set up so victims' families can get get information about how participate. She also expects that the commissioners' temporary office in Vancouver, which is in a federal building, will be fully furnished and partially staffed (the commissioners hope to move the headquarters to reserve land in Greater Vancouver once space becomes available). Offers were made and have been informally accepted for key executive positions, including a director and a communications person. Those hires will be announced once contracts have been signed and the individuals have notified their current employers, she said. A website, she added, is in its final stages of editing and translation.
As for the hard work of gathering testimony from victims' loved ones across the country, she noted that it takes, on average, roughly six months from an inquiry's start date before hearings are under way. The national inquiry is expected to begin hearings in urban centres and indigenous communities in 2017.
"We want to make sure that we're supporting the families before, during and after the time they speak with us," Justice Buller said. "We also want to make sure that we're holding hearings in culturally appropriate manners … The type of hearing that we have in the North will not necessarily be the same model that we have elsewhere, in, say, the Prairies."
NWAC's statement came on the heels of a national day of vigils held Tuesday to honour Canada's missing and murdered indigenous women. The statement said victims' relatives who gathered at events across the country expressed concern over the pace of the commissioners' work, and over what many have described as a lack of transparency.
"The time has come for the inquiry commission to illustrate its competence in being able to adequately address the systemic causes behind the high rates of violence against indigenous women and girls," the statement said. "The immense responsibility associated with the tremendous task of addressing one of the gravest human-rights abuses in Canada's history leaves no time to waste. The time to begin this important work is now."
Story continues below advertisement
Regular followers of my dismal "existence" may recall last week that I broke off in the middle of a thrilling piece about internet search terms to complain I had some sort of fever and boo-hoo-hoo poor me. Turns out I had tonsillitis. Now, if you're anything like I was a fortnight ago, the mention of tonsillitis right there won't do anything for you. I mean, what is it anyway? A kiddywink illness? A bit of a sore throat? Pah. That's how people who've never had tonsillitis tend to think about it. I certainly did. Whereas now, I can confidently report that it's worse - far worse - than international terrorism and child abuse combined.
Why didn't I know this before? Either there's some sort of weird conspiracy going on that involves the general public collectively underplaying its horrors, or I just didn't listen whenever someone recounted what happened when they had it. I suspect the latter. I suspect each time they opened their mouth I thought: "Boo-hoo, a bit of a sore throat, yeah?" in a loop, trying to disguise my contempt as I stared at their stupid babbling face, waiting for my turn to speak. And I think everyone's done this. No one's listened to the sufferers, ever. Not even their own doctors. And that's why we all, as a nation, have failed to acknowledge how nasty tonsillitis actually is. Yup. I blame society. Now, it's possible we never "got" tonsillitis because the survivors' descriptions weren't lurid enough. Let's redress the balance.
It starts with an achy throat. One day I went "ahh" in the mirror, and glimpsed some kind of mouth ulcer at the back of my throat. Urgh, I thought, reaching for the antiseptic mouthwash. That should take care of it.
A week later, a heavy flu-like sensation suddenly descended; a sultry cloud locking itself into position over the sun. I've got a cold, guessed my idiot brain. I lay on my sofa, sweating and listlessly channel-surfing, until I realised I couldn't even follow the plot of Celebrity MasterChef. I crawled into bed at 9pm. Next morning I had to write last Monday's column, but the sweats and shivers were so bad I couldn't type properly. Did I go to the doctor? No. Because I live in London, where to get a doctor's appointment you have to consult Old Moore's Almanack six months in advance to work out when you're going to be ill and book an appointment accordingly. And also because that afternoon we were filming for a TV show I've written. We were shooting outdoors in the rain.
During the shoot, I spent most of my time staring anxiously at a helicopter overhead, convinced it was planning to crash into us as part of some terrorist attack. I'd become feverish and paranoid, like Ray Liotta in Goodfellas minus the coke jitters. Meanwhile, my throat throbbed like a beaten stepchild.
That night I thrashed in bed, sweating like a punctured dinghy, unsure if I was still outside watching the helicopter or not. This went on for six hours until I passed out, only to lurch awake 45 minutes later and discover I could scarcely swallow or speak. My voice had mutated beyond recognition. When I spoke, I sounded like Janet Street-Porter slowly listing vowels through a hose.
I went to the mirror, opened wide and peered in. The back of my throat now resembled a sandblasted foetus, or an endoscopic close-up of a diseased bowel. My tonsils had been dragged down a gravel path and slammed in a car door. An emergency appointment was in order.
Two hours later an appalled doctor was gazing into my raging, pustulated throat and bollocking me for not seeking help sooner. Prescribing antibiotics, she warned things would get worse before they got better. She was right. The fever is the easy bit. The throat itself: that's the thing.
It isn't even your throat any more. It's torment in a pipe. Swallowing feels like someone forcing a spiked kneecap down your neck, and for some reason, your mouth decides this represents a golden opportunity to generate gallons more saliva than usual, so you get to experience the joy of agonised swallowing again and again, around the clock. You can't sleep through or ignore it. It's a constant jabbing that slowly drives you mad. Within 48 hours I'd gone feral: staggering around my flat like a confused and angry animal, slapping the walls and howling inside my head.
Not that there's much energy for slapping walls. Not when you can't eat food. Forget solids. Even a glass of water becomes a cup of shattered twigs. Ice cream or scrambled egg: that's your lot. Gargling with warm salt water is the sole thing that buys five minutes of relief. Before you know it, the kettle and sink hold the same significance as a crack pipe. You're constantly Winehousin' for saline.
And it goes on and on, until somewhere round day three, when you're seriously contemplating suicide (anything but hanging, what with these tonsils) the drugs kick in and the cloud starts lifting. And you run out into the street (because you can run again!) and collar passers-by (because you can talk again!) and you try to tell them just how bad tonsillitis is. But they're staring at your stupid wobbling face, waiting for their turn to speak.
If this strikes you as a trivial subject to write about, you're wrong. Really. Bollocks to the rest of you. I could've sat through live 3D news footage of some gruesome bloody war, watching starving women and children being machine gunned in the face by Terminator rebels, and I'd have just shrugged. So what. Stop crying. They're only bullets. Try having my throat. Try some genuine suffering, you pussies.
· This week Charlie watched the whole of Mad Men on DVD: "Highly recommended, although not if you watch it in a fever, like I did, then spend a sleepless night thinking you're stuck inside one of the scenes, with the dialogue looping round and round in your head, even after you open your eyes and kick the duvet off, groaning."
“36 Hours,” a television program inspired by The Times's 36 Hours column, airs Mondays at 8 p.m. Eastern on Travel Channel. The next episode on Barcelona dovetails with our column from last year.
Andrew Ferren, a New York Times contributor based in Madrid, discusses “hidden” Barcelona.
Q. In an outtake on Travel Channel's Barcelona “36 Hours” episode, you and the hosts of the show climb a stairway and walk through a door and into a charming bar called Mutis. How did you discover that place?
A. The door policy at Mutis may have loosened up a bit over the years, but they did require identity verification (see the fingerprint scanner to the right of the entrance). I was lucky enough to get inside solely because I dine frequently at Bar Mut, the superb restaurant that spawned Mutis. Dining there alone one night, the owner and I started chatting. Later he walked me upstairs and deposited me at the bar of his new project, Mutis, saying he'd be right back. He returned in a sort of tailcoat with streaks of makeup on his face like Adam Ant. Soon the place filled up with like-minded revelers. It was a Monday night and the vibe was certainly more free-spirited and festive than just sitting in a bar. It was all the more striking given its location in the poshest part of the Eixample rather than down some alley in the Raval.
Are there many such off-the-radar spots in Barcelona?
There are all sorts of secret spots in the city — galleries, designer ateliers, spas, hair salons and certainly bars and restaurants. Catalans are renowned merchants willing to welcome the world (and recently it can feel like the whole world) to their capital. But as residents they also like a whiff of novelty and exclusivity for themselves. And like the Italians and French with whom they share some cultural and linguistic roots, Catalans love to do things properly — they might even say perfectly. Whether constructing a cathedral or baking a croissant, there is an inherent embrace of quality, design and craftsmanship for the task at hand. Put those together and you get Barcelona's peculiar commercial “underbelly,” albeit a very toned and buffed one. Over the years I've been lucky to have local friends show me their favorite spots. As a writer it can be challenging to describe what I find as I often run out of synonyms: you can't really call the cocktails at Mutis “drinks.”
ENGLISH all-rounder Ben Stokes is heading to New Zealand and could be back playing cricket as early as this weekend, in a move that has rendered champion Australian batsman Dean Jones “speechless”.
Stokes flew out of London on Tuesday and will arrive in Christchurch on Wednesday to practice and spend time with his family — but also hopes to return to playing cricketer for New Zealand side Canterbury.
The ECB insists that Stokes' travel plans have been independently arranged and are not related to the Ashes in any way, however Foxsports.com.au understands the ECB is planning for Stokes to play in the third Test in Perth.
Stokes is still officially suspended by the ECB, although the governing body could lift that at any time.
Crucially, however, he was granted a No Objection Certificate by the ECB — freeing him up to play first-class cricket in New Zealand if he is able to come to terms with a team.
“So that makes me speechless. Why then is he not playing for England? Either he is suspended... or he is not?” Jones asked.
So that makes me speechless. Why then is he not playing for England? Either he is suspended... or he is not? #surely? https://t.co/kVO48qAxjx — Dean Jones (@ProfDeano) November 28, 2017
Stokes' latest movements come as the UK's Daily Mirror reports he will be parachuted into England's squad ahead of the third Test in Perth — regardless of whether he is cleared by police or not.
Stokes was arrested following an alleged late-night pub fight in Bristol that left a man in hospital with facial injuries.
The Bristol Police were reported to be close to making a statement last week regarding the charges he could face or avoid, but nothing was forthcoming.
If he is charged, it would be highly unlikely that Stokes would participate in the Ashes.
LISTEN TO THE FIRST TEST REVIEW PODCAST WITH TOM MORRIS, BRETT GEEVES AND JOE BARTON BELOW, OR CLICK HERE.
But it appears the delay in charging — or clearing — Stokes will work in England's favour.
“The fiery all rounder has flown to his original homeland to get himself match fit for an Ashes battle that England badly need him for despite possible charges hanging over him,” read the Mirror report.
“MirrorSport understands that Stokes could be charged by police for his part in a Bristol brawl next week, but crucially his appearance in court may not be scheduled until later in the new year.
“That would give the 26-year-old enough time to make his presence felt in the Ashes before facing a possible prosecution thereafter.”
The Times' Elizabeth Ammon told New Zealand's Radio Sport that Stokes' ban extended to England international matches only, freeing him up to play in New Zealand.
“His suspension from England is only from internationals. It was a carefully worded statement that didn't say anything about any other form of cricket,” Ammon said.
“There no official ban. He's eligible to play cricket. He's been training in the nets at Durham where it's freezing outside at the moment. He wanted to play some cricket to be ready for England whenever the investigation comes to its conclusion.
“Obviously the police are comfortable with him leaving the country.”
The ECB released a statement on Tuesday, distancing themselves from Stokes' surprise travel plans.
“The ECB is aware that Ben Stokes is making a private trip to New Zealand to spend time with his family. His travel arrangements have not been arranged by the ECB,” the ECB said.
“He is not on his way to the Ashes, England Lions or any other official training camps with the England set up.”
Stokes will, on Wednesday morning, arrive in Christchurch — where he was born and spent the first 12 years of his life.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes spotted at Heathrow Airport. Source: Supplied
While he is in New Zealand, Stokes could turn out for Canterbury in the country's first-class competition as early as Sunday.
“NZC has yet to receive a formal request regarding Ben Stokes. However, we understand he and his representatives have been in discussions with Canterbury,” NZC public affairs manager Richard Boock said.
“NZC has an open mind on this issue and will await further information before making a decision.”
Stokes was sorely missed in the first Test and England director of cricket Andrew Strauss said on the weekend that he was no closer to hearing whether his star player will face criminal charges.
The WACA Test begins on December 14.
After Hamas came to power in Gaza 2007, the group quickly instituted a number of new laws, including a ban on the possession of alcohol. Currently, if a person is caught with alcohol, it's often thrown out. According to Isa, a Christian winemaker living in Gaza, there also might be some form of punishment—but he fears it could be worse for a Muslim than for the Christians.
Isa shares some of his wine—the last of his stash. He naturally ferments his wine for 40 days to make it just right.
What the punishment will be, Isa doesn't say. Instead, he and his friend Tony explain they have to speak in code when they want to get together to share the wine, often around Christmas, birthdays, and other excuses for a celebration.
"I just share with trusted persons," Isa states. "I don't want to get in trouble with the government." Isa doesn't share his wine with Muslim friends for fear of who might inform Hamas.
Isa plans to teach winemaking to his children, who often help him now and even participate by drinking little sips. In the winter, he says, it helps keep them warm.
Most Christians make wine in their homes, Tony tells me, though they certainly don't advertise it, especially during the latest conflict with Israel. But despite the fact that he lives in a Hamas-heavy neighborhood, Tony says would rather keep making and drinking alcohol than be confined to the group's rule, he says. Wine is simply part of life.
Gaza is home to a close-knit community of approximately 2,000 Christians who subscribe to a variety of denominations. All are highly devout and practice their faith openly: They attend church, and their women walk outside without their heads covered. As with Gaza's other Christians, Isa's faith is clearly important to him—his home is decorated with Jesus and Virgin Mary relics—and celebrating with wine is part of that.
Isa's family keeps a statue of Jesus in the corner of the room as a symbol of their faith.
Isa learned the craft from his father, which has always been a covert one for him. He grew up in Yemen, where alcohol was also forbidden, before coming back to Palestine after Hamas took over Gaza. Isa says now his own children often help him mash the grapes with their feet, just as he did as a boy.
When he makes a new batch of wine, Isa buys 265 pounds of grapes from local markets—though much of Gaza's grapes are also imported from Israel—to produce 40 liters of wine. He prefers the darker grapes for red wine, and says the best season is at the end of October. In the summer, however, only green grapes are available for white wine.
During the summer months, green grapes are the only ones grown and sold in the market, though Isa prefers darker grapes for red wine.
At that point, Isa's wife Neda pipes in, saying she would like her husband to make her some white wine. Isa smiles and takes a moment to play with his children. He even lets them sip from his glass. Wine used to help his son sleep.
Isa pours me a small shot glass of wine. It is sweet, a dessert-style wine, slightly carbonated. He claims it's a potent 70 proof.
Isa stores the wine in various containers, including fruit juice and foreign alcohol bottles.
Isa washes the grapes thoroughly and then mashes them with his hands, though he often uses a blender, too. "When I crush the grapes and take them to the sun," Isa tells me, "I put them in a gallon [container] and cover it with a blanket and put it on the balcony for more warmth, so it can mix inside."The fermentation process lasts for about 40 days. About halfway through, he filters the wine and lets it sit longer.
"It's not the best way," says Toni, "but it's the way we know how." Italians have the luxury of time to age their wine, he says, but in Gaza they must drink right away. They have to enjoy it while they can for fear of getting caught.
Isa's final product tasted like a rich desert wine that was slightly carbonated.
"No place is safe," Isa says. He never knows when he might have to leave his home. In 2008, Hamas leaders bought the main apartment in the building and it was bombed by Israelis. While he doesn't want to discuss politics much, Isa says he is in favor of Fatah, as are most of the Christians, and that it would be better if Hamas left. But he does hope that if a unity government is able to come together it will help ease some of the tensions that both he and other groups must currently navigate.
As for the wine, Isa doesn't drink to get drunk. It's good for his health, he says, and in the winter it keeps him warm. He admits, however, that he enjoys drinking during wartime and keeping the fellowship of his friends.
Winemaking is important to Isa's family because they want to keep traditions alive within their restrictive society.
Isa says that many Christian Gazans drink to forget, and that there are those who do other things like "smoke weed or take pills" to cope with the ongoing strife. But for him, drinking wine is about living his life, and having a small measure of freedom when few opportunities for it currently exist.
Photos by Meredith Jenks
Editor's note: Please don't try any of this at home. You could get hurt, and anyway, it's a really complicated way to get hammered. Just sip on a martini or shotgun yourself a nice beer.
Last month the idea of powdered alcohol took the internet by storm when a website appeared for a product called Palcohol. "Sometimes liquid isn't convenient," read the site's original copy. "Because Palcohol is powder, you can take it just about anywhere to enjoy a cocktail! That's why we say: Take your Pal wherever you go!"
The future of drinking was here—then, suddenly, it wasn't. After the initial flurry of "LOL powdered alcohol!" articles came the "Say NO to powdered alcohol!" articles, and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau—which originally approved seven Palcohol flavors—rescinded its approval. (They said it had been approved in "error," which may be code for, "We didn't realize it would make people so upset.") And New York Senator Chuck Schumer is calling for the FDA to block Palcohol once and for all.
Related: "Drunken Glory"
But Lipsmack, the company behind Palcohol, thinks the powder is revolutionary and appears ready to fight back, releasing a YouTube video titled "The Truth About Palcohol" and redesigning its website to emphasize the product's "many positive" uses, not just the getting-fucked-up-on-the-road aspect of it.
Palcohol, the company says, will save space in your pack when you want to hike up a mountain and kick back, and it'll even shave some dollars off your next flight—since Palcohol weighs less than liquid booze, airlines can save fuel if they start stocking drink carts with the powdered stuff. Just add water, and your powdered martini is ready to drink. The future of America is drunken campers and cheap flights and powdered booze for all.
OK, sure. But I don't own an airline, and I won't be hiking up any fucking mountains anytime soon. When I hear that Schumer is worried about powdered alcohol being "sprinkled on food and even snorted," I'm like, "Oh, good idea, Chuck!"
With Palcohol still a long way from the production line, I had to take matters into my own hands. Popular Science posted a recipe for powdered alcohol on its site, so I started gathering ingredients.
The two key components in powdered alcohol—powder and alcohol—were pretty easy to find. The recipe called for N-Zorbit M, a.k.a. maltodextrin, a powder that is great for absorbing oils. It seems like the kind of thing fancy chefs might use on a cooking show if they want to sprinkle a pinch of powdered watermelon juice onto a tart. But it can also apparently work with liquor—all I'd need to do, according to the recipe, was poured some booze into N-Zorbit M and stir it in.
Simple enough, but I didn't want to make wimpy powdered booze like Palcohol, which you need half a pouch of to make a single drink. I wanted something strong.
Everclear is legal in the State of New York (Chuck Schumer hasn't asked the FDA to ban it, yet), so I picked up a fifth of 192-proof Spirytus Wesoly grain alcohol. With 100 grams of N-Zorbit M under one arm and a fifth of hooch cradled in the other, I raided the VICE kitchen for everything else I'd need: a mixing bowl, a fine mesh sieve, a whisk, and a big Tupperware container so I could take the stuff on the road. Then I set up shop at VICE's newly installed wet bar and got to work.
The recipe called for 30 grams of alcohol, which is hardly anything. I kept pouring and stirring, and pretty soon I had half the fifth of everclear in the powder. It absorbed it all, leaving only a moist, flour-like powder. I knew I had the right mixture when my eyes started watering from the fumes.
Palcohol likely has a more complicated process (and it's probably much weaker), but I now had some powdered alcohol on my hands, which was great, since I love getting drunk but also enjoy awful hangovers and bloody noses. I'll get to that later.
I started shoving handfuls of the stuff into my mouth. It was around 8 PM, and the VICE office was still half-full of workers, diligently typing on their laptops. They didn't know what they were missing. Or maybe they did. I coughed and gagged whenever I choked down another fist of powder, but I didn't feel drunk.
People started putting their headphones on. I decided to leave. I shouldn't have been "drinking" on an empty stomach anyway—I needed pizza.
On my way there, I ran into my roommate, Charlie. I fed him a pinch of powder, and we set off together. The powder drunk creeps up on you, and sometime on the walk it kicked in. I went from mostly sober to buzzed to the kind of drunk where you already have a headache and can feel the hangover coming like a distant high-pitched whine.
Which is how I found myself staggering into the pizza place with a Tupperware full of white powder under one arm, and more powder smeared on my jeans and sleeves and stuck, like dandruff, to my hair. I'm a messy eater. I wandered up to the counter and set the tub down next to me.
"Do you have a parmesan shaker I can borrow? I want to fill one up with this stuff and sprinkle it onto a slice."
The kid at the register looked at me. I wiped my face and brushed powder from my cheek.
"Is that what I think it is?" he said.
"If you think it's powdered alcohol, then yeah."
He handed over an empty glass cheese shaker, and I sat down to dust my slice in booze.
I might just have been drunk and starving, but the powdered booze actually blended well on pizza. It melted into the grease and only added a few notes of poison to the flavor of the slice.
My Tupperware of powder started getting weird looks from other customers. They either wanted their own scoop of powdered booze or thought I was into some Scarface shit with a bowl full of cocaine.
Once upon a time, this part of Brooklyn was a working-class neighborhood with, presumably, some kind of value system in place—now you've got pale weirdos wandering around sprinkling powdered drugs on their pizza slices while someone else takes photos "for the internet."
Anyway, Charlie and I headed down to the water, where we could munch on my powder in peace. Then we decided to set some on fire.
It turns out my homemade powdered alcohol burns like napalm. Given the way it tasted, it may be most useful as an incendiary. I tried to stomp out a burning pile of it and ended up spreading flaming powder all along the rocky bank of the East River. Charlie's shoe went up in flames.
A few high-school-aged kids were smoking cigarettes a few yards away from us. They wandered up as I was stomping the burning dust into the ground.
"What's that?"
"Powdered everclear I made," I said. "Have a scoop!"
I crammed another fistful into my mouth and struggled to get it down. The kids looked at my Tupperware of powder, then down at Charlie's flaming shoe, and slowly inched away.
The headache was getting worse. N-Zorbit M is made to absorb liquid—it had sucked up half a fifth of alcohol like it was nothing—and in my groggy, drunken state, I started to imagine N-Zorbit M soaking up all the water inside my body, drying me out from the inside.
But my job wasn't over.
See, when Schumer said he worried about people snorting powdered alcohol, Palcohol dismissed that fear as being ridiculous—someone would have to snort an ungodly amount of the company's stuff just to get buzzed. But this was powdered everclear, not their weak, wimpy powder. I had to give it a try.
We stumbled back to the VICE offices. I started racking lines.
Somehow, the powder turned straight into glue when it hit my sinuses. I was immediately plugged up. The fumes burned inside my nose, but only for the first minute or so. After that came an uneasy numbness. Maybe all the nerve endings were dead. There was no one left to sound an alarm.
The headache was still present—a throbbing pressure at my temples—but the powder drunk was giving me a weird, out-of-body feeling. If you like headaches and gummed-up sinuses and numb, dissociative drunks, you're going to go apeshit for powdered booze.
Charlie and I staggered home, I'm sucking air through my mouth because my nose was out of order and Charlie breathing easy because he had made the sane choice against inhaling grain alcohol in powder form.
We both slunk off to our respective bedrooms, hoping that unconsciousness might dull the throb inside our heads.
I woke up at 4 AM, with my face caked with blood from my nose. At least I could breathe again. The headache had dulled to a manageable form. I went out into the living room and found Charlie sitting on the couch, sucking on a beer. He handed me one. I slumped down next to him and took a drink. Delicious liquid beer. Cold, refreshing, non-powdered beer.
"How much is left?" Charlie said.
The Tupperware was across the room, on our dining room table.
"About a quarter container."
There was only one thing left to do. Light more stuff on fire.
River Donaghey grew up in a very loving home, so you can't blame his upbringing for these stupid, fifth-grade antics. Follow him on Twitter.
As the Baltimore Ravens continue to trim down their roster to the final 53 players, it appears that former second round pick Arthur Brown has not made the cut.
The Ravens selected Brown in 2013 after losing stalwart linebacker Ray Lewis to retirement, and believed in Brown's ability to fill the void that was left in the middle of the defense. Those would have been big shoes to fill for any player, but unfortunately Brown never even came close.
He spent his first season on the depth chart behind Jameel McClain and Daryl Smith, and prior to his sophomore campaign, the Ravens made C.J. Mosley their first round pick. The Mosley pick was somewhat misunderstood at the time due to Brown and Smith already being on the roster, but as time has passed it looks more and more like a no-brainer.
Hopefully for Brown's sake he'll be able to put it all together somewhere else, but the Ravens front office doesn't see it happening in Baltimore.
SANTA ANA – When Peter Jasso was a freshman, he only wanted to accomplish two things by the time he graduated from high school: To attend the homecoming dance and to be crowned homecoming king.
This month, the autistic student's dream came true when he was elected homecoming king by his peers at Segerstrom High School.
On Oct. 5, Jasso, 18, stood in the middle of the school stadium during halftime, waiting for the homecoming king's name to be announced.
When he heard his name called, he apprehensively raised his hand, barely able to hear it above the deafening roar of the crowd.
“I felt shocked,” said Jasso, who was diagnosed with autism as a child. “I thought I must've heard them wrong. I didn't know what to do, so I just raised my hand.”
With tears in her eyes and a lump in her throat, Jasso's step-mother, Sylvia Jasso, looked on as he accepted the crown.
“When they were announcing that I won, my parents were shocked…for they never thought that I would actually win,” Peter Jasso said. “They never knew everybody there liked me.”
Jasso lives in Santa Ana with his father, step-mother, an older brother who is also autistic and a younger brother who is deaf.
His bid for king began weeks ago with the announcement of homecoming nominations. Several seniors who were nominated declined their bids and instead nominated Jasso in their place.
Initially, Jasso's parents were hesitant about the nomination, fearing the students wanted to embarrass their special-needs son.
His parents called on Greg Marzilli, Jasso's case manager at the school, to determine the intent of the student body.
After Marzilli and several teachers determined the students were sincere in their nomination, Jasso's parents gave their permission for him to participate.
“When we found out that he had been nominated, we thought, ‘I don't know,' but something just touched my heart and said let him do this,” said Sylvia Jasso, 61.
With support from the football, basketball and soccer teams, Jasso's campaign was in full swing.
When Jasso needed posters, his peers helped him create and distribute them. When Jasso needed an escort for the presentation before the student body, the captain of the cheerleading squad eagerly volunteered.
“It was a very unselfish act of love that they did that for him…it really touched my heart,” Sylvia Jasso said.
Basking in the glow of his recent crowning, Jasso says his experience has far-reaching effects.
“[Peter] said there's hope for special needs kids now,” said Sylvia Jasso. “Those students are not normally elected for these kinds of things, it's very uncommon, but now they see it as a possibility.”
Now that Peter has fulfilled his dream of being homecoming king, Sylvia Jasso said the family is working on helping the high school senior accomplish his next goal – going on to college.
“After he graduates, we'd like to see how he does at Santa Ana College,” she said. “He still doesn't know what he wants to do yet, but that will come to him when it's time.”
What Is Monero (XMR) Currency?
Due to its relatively recent nature, a lot of people are asking, “What is Monero?” Or even more frequently, people ask, “What is XMR currency?” Luckily, the answer to both questions is actually the same. Monero is a comparatively new cryptocurrency, and XMR is its symbol.
Launched on April 14, 2014, the name derives from the Esperanto word for “coin“ or “currency.”
An extraordinarily anonymous cryptocurrency, the Monero coin is decentralized and extremely private. With a total supply of 18.4 million coins and a permanent fixed production of 0.3 per minute, it uses ring signatures and ring confidential transactions (RCT) to help provide privacy at a protocol level. (Source: “What to Know Before Trading Monero,” CoinDesk, Inc., May 28, 2017)
In this Monero wiki, we'll go over some of the essential traits of this powerful cryptocurrency, and answer questions on its advantages and drawbacks.
Advertisement
Who Created Monero?
Although Monero was officially launched in April 2014, its history is somewhat older than that. In July 2012, Bytecoin was created as the first cryptocurrency to run on the application layer protocol known as CryptoNote.
However, serious concerns arose when it became apparent that over 80% of Bytecoin had been mined before its public release. In addition, the blockchain was then falsified to show a fair distribution.
The question of who created Monero is still something of a mystery. Seven developers decided to fork the blockchain relating to ByteCoin, and the new coins in the original chain were named Bitmonero.
These seven developers mostly chose to remain anonymous (David Latapie and Riccardo Spagni are the only two publicly identified).
Originally launched as Bitmonero, its name was later shortened simply to Monero in April 2014, to avoid any confusion with Bitcoin.
Monero Supply Limit: Is There a Cap for Monero?
Monero was created in response to the problems that plagued its immediate predecessor, Bytecoin, as well as other more famous cryptocurrencies, like Bitcoin. The Monero supply limit was therefore carefully capped at an initial total supply of 18.4 million coins.
A certain number of coins are “lost” each year, so the string upon which Monero is based allows coins to be mined at a rate of 0.3 a minute.
Monero vs. Bitcoin: Why Monero and Not Bitcoin
Monero Bitcoin Current Price $378.89* $18,331* Market Cap 5.87 Billion* 307.07 Billion* Global Rank 10 1 Launch Date April 18, 2014 January 3, 2009 Total Coins Available ~18,400,000 21,000,000 Privacy Ranking Anonymous Pseudonymous Average Block Time ~2 minutes ~10 minutes Hash Algorithm CryptoNight SHA-256 (*) – as of this writing
As you can see in the Monero vs. Bitcoin chart above, both currencies bring different, unique features to the table. Because it has a much more extensive history, and because its name is so well known, Bitcoin has the clear lead in terms of recognition and general adoption. In addition, because the XMR supply cap is smaller, there are theoretically more Bitcoins currently available.
On the other hand, as a newer coin, Monero has a lot to offer investors and traders that Bitcoin cannot. With an average block time five times faster than Bitcoin's, and a fully anonymous privacy ranking, Monero is in a unique position to deliver a truly valuable alternative to fiat currency. And with a price still under $300.00, it remains a lot more accessible to everyday investors.
Monero Features: What Gives Monero an Advantage Over Other Cryptocurrencies?
Because privacy is at the very heart of the Monero project, it has developed into a uniquely powerful cryptocurrency, with a number of advantages over other competitors. Almost all cryptocurrencies bill themselves as secure and private, but not all of them actually are. These Monero features make it an alluring prospect for investors and everyday users.
Both Bitcoin and Ethereum, two enormously popular cryptocurrencies, use transparent blockchains. That means each transaction is public and can be traced by anyone around the world. For senders or receivers who do not wish their activity to be linked to their real-world identities, this presents a serious problem.
Monero operates on the basis of far more stringent cryptography. This is one of the greatest of all Monero advantages. The sending and receiving addresses are shielded, as are the transaction amounts. Perhaps even more importantly, this is a default setting and is “always on.” Other cryptocurrencies, like Zcash, rely on a selective transparency. The result is that Monero's entire user network is safer and more anonymous.
Additionally, as Monero continues to build out features relating to its privacy, users will be even more protected. One such feature is IP address obfuscation by the Kovri project. It is currently under development and, when completed, will route and encrypt transactions through Invisible Internet Project (I2P) nodes.
Outside the technical features of Monero, another factor that makes it stand out is the way it is developed. As an open-source coin, it is available to all. Continuous improvements by its grassroots community of more than 240 developers and 30 core developers ensure continuous growth. Because it's not owned by any specific corporation or country, it cannot be controlled, shut down, or regulated in any individual jurisdiction.
Another powerful incentive to use Monero to send money is the lack of multi-day holding periods. And, due to its powerful encryption technology, there is also no risk of fraudulent chargebacks, and the coin cannot be controlled by governments suffering from economic instability.
All of these advantages combine to make Monero a valuable cryptocurrency for more than just investors. It's also an easy, safe, and anonymous way to move money around the world.
Monero Limitations
Although Monero has many benefits for users and investors, it still has a long way to go before it achieves its goal of being a globally used currency—and Monero limitations are always worth considering. One of the most important traits of Monero is its commitment to privacy. And it is probably one of the most private cryptocurrencies in existence. However, until the completion of the Kovri project mentioned above, it cannot be called perfect.
Other Monero drawbacks are related to its competitors as much as they are related to Monero itself. Because Bitcoin is so much more well known, it has been adopted into use by many more people. That makes Monero difficult to use, especially because it's not easy for merchants to accept Monero in the first place. Numerous apps are in development to help solve this challenge (like PayBee).
Another concern for many in the Monero community is the relatively concentrated mining. Almost 35% of Monero mining is currently consumed by only four large pools. Although the largest of these four controls only 16% at the time of this writing, it is important to maintain as decentralized a mining process as possible.
Monero Potential: What's in Store for Monero in Future Value?
The Monero potential is huge, which is why we believe that its future value will continue to grow. Since the beginning of the year, its price has climbed from $13.44 to almost $300.00. That represents a total growth of over 2,000% for investors. Although XMR future value is difficult to know for sure, we predict that a Monero value of $400.00 is not unrealistic in the next year.
Chart courtesy of TradingView.com
Monero's commitment to privacy and security for its users is laudable. But more than that, it's actually backed by the fundamental structure of the development team.
For example, Zcash is owned and developed privately. If that company comes under scrutiny or investigation by a government body, users cannot be assured that their information will remain uncompromised. The open-sourced, heavily decentralized nature of Monero acts as a bastion against this danger.
A number of recent hacks and government crackdowns in the cryptocurrency sphere demonstrate to users and investors the value of privacy and anonymity. Governments can make arbitrary decisions.
With its “always on” privacy settings and an average block time five times faster than Bitcoin, Monero is poised to become the breakout cryptocurrency for privacy-minded individuals in the future.
Mr. Walter Powell, M.P. for Malmesbury, has, we fear, long
ago paid the penalty of his too great faith in the safety of balloons. Ascending, on Saturday last, with Captain Templer end Mr. Agg-Gardner, from Bath, the balloon drifted rapidly to- wards the Channel, and when within half a mile of the sea, near Bridport, they attempted a descent. The balloon came down rather too rapidly, and the car struck the ground with such force that Captain Templer and Mr. Agg-Gardner were thrown out, the former being bruised, and the latter having his leg broken. Mr. Powell remained in the car, and the balloon immediately shot up again with great velocity, and went off in the direction of the sea, and no one as yet knows what became of it. Some- thing was seen to fall into the sea soon after, which many believed to be the balloon. Again, some French fishermen stated that they had seen a large balloon floating down the Channel; and various persons in Alderney asserted that they had seen a large balloon floating eastward in the air. However, nothing certain is as yet known of its fate, and it is almost im- possible that Mr. Powell, even if still in the balloon, should be alive. It is said that there was no supply of water or food, and the extreme cold would render food and cordials absolutely essential to life. If Mr. Powell remained in the balloon, it can only be his corpse which is floating about with it now.
Reckless Drivers Kill Four Cyclists, Trib Warns Bike Riders to Be More Careful
Yesterday, in response to four recent Chicago bike fatalities apparently caused by reckless drivers, the Tribune ran a well-meaning but wrongheaded editorial that largely puts the onus for creating safer streets on people who bike.
It's clear the editorial writer or writers were moved by the deaths of Blaine Klingenberg, Virginia Murray, Lisa Kuivinen, and Francisco Cruz. And the article is certainly an improvement from the irresponsible anti-bike coverage we've seen from the Tribune in the past. Credit for that likely goes to the paper's new transportation reporter Mary Wisniewski, who sometimes gets around on two wheels herself.
The article begins on a note of empathy for people who bike:
Bikers jostle for position and dodge hazards — construction zones, ripped-up pavement, oblivious motorists. As they maneuver streets and sidewalks, they know danger can loom at any moment. A car door opens unexpectedly. A motorist swerves. Pedestrians stride into the bike path without a glance.
However, the Tribune next cites statistics that suggest that as more people are biking on Chicago streets, cycling is becoming more dangerous, when that's not the case. They note that the number of reported bike/motor vehicle crashes in the city increased by 27 percent between 2005 and 2014, to 1,663 collisions.
However, during that period, the rate of bike commuting in Chicago was skyrocketing. According to the U.S. Census' American Community Survey, bike mode share in the city grew from 0.7 percent in 2005 to 1.7 percent in 2014 – a whopping 143 percent increase.
So while the number of crashes has increased in recent years, the crash rate has actually gone down significantly. Along with the installation of more and better bike lanes during that period, this improvement can be credited to the “safety in numbers” factor: When there are more cyclists on the streets, motorists are more likely to notice them and drive carefully around them.
Still, any life-changing or fatal bike crash is one too many. To prevent more tragedies like the four biker deaths that took place in the space of roughly two months this summer, the Tribune provides the commonsense advice that both cyclists and drivers should travel mindfully. “That means obeying traffic lights, watching for pedestrians, respecting other [road users] — whether they're in an Escalade or on a fixie.”
But the Trib goes on to suggest that irresponsible behavior by bike riders is the main cause of fatal crashes. “Some [people on bikes] may think they shouldn't have to obey the same rules of the road as motorists,” they write. “Some don't appear to be obeying any rules except survival of the fastest.”
It's true that in the Klingenberg case, some witnesses said the courier ran a red light at Oak and Michigan. But others say the double-decker tour bus driver who killed him also blew a red and failed to hit the brakes before striking him, which suggests she wasn't paying attention.
Murray was fatally struck at Belmont and Sacramento by a flatbed truck driver, who police say didn't have the proper license to be driving the vehicle. It also appears the trucker didn't use his turn signal and failed to look right before making a right turn – also in violation of the law.
Kuivinen was riding legally in a highly visible green-painted bike lane at 874 North Milwaukee when another flatbed truck driver fatally struck her from behind while veering into the bike lane to make a right turn.
And Cruz was riding with traffic on Pulaski when he was run over by a cargo van driver who failed to yield while making a left turn onto Maypole. The motorist then fled the scene and has not yet been apprehended.
In each case, the tragedy was mostly or solely caused by dangerous behavior by people driving. And yet the majority of scolding for bad behavior and admonishments to use caution in the editorial are directed towards people on bikes.
While drivers love to complain about lawbreaking by cyclists, it's clear that speeding, running of stoplights and stop signs, and other forms of reckless driving are widespread in Chicago. For example a Ravenswood Manor resident recently posted a video that shows the vast majority of drivers at Wilson and Francisco don't observe the stop signs.
The Trib editorial implies that they understand that reckless driving is exponentially more dangerous than lawbreaking by cyclists. “Cars do outweigh the average bicycle by a couple of thousand points at least,” they acknowledge. But rather than call for increased ticketing of drivers who blow reds or speed, the Tribune has led the charge against automated traffic cameras, which have been proven to save lives.
Simply exhorting bike riders and drivers to travel more responsibly, while putting most of the burden on cyclists, is not the solution to preventing bike fatalities. As the Active Transportation Alliance's Jim Merrell recently wrote, we already know what the real solutions are. We need more protected bike lanes, better enforcement of driving laws, universal bike education, and for the city to adopt a Vision Zero strategy for eliminating all traffic deaths.
I'm only addressing this to clear up some shit that i've seen all throughout tumblr, cause this is seemingly the only place/site where people take gaps and fill them in with whatever they can make up. Which makes it really feel like early Creatures because we went through a phase like this shit before.
We are fine if people need to feel the need to opt out due to Dex, i respect that some will just need to do that and cannot get into him. I do think its a bit early to judge, because he is warming up but either way what one must do one must do. We also must do what we must do.
One thing people must understand is that we NEED help. What you see on the channel every day has run by like 5-6 guys, along with everything we do on a day to day and its been that way for years without much help. We are exhausted to an extent but love doing it. We have such good friends in the youtube space and both parties can benefit from helping hands whether you like them or hate them. We just want to grow.
Also, there isnt much of an out of the loop thing as it's just choice. I personally messaged Ze and filled him in about the stuff we were doing and we messaged him both panel day and day prior to meet up but he seemed busy. Last year RTX 2013 he opted out, Pax East panel he opted out as well due to not knowing much about what we had going on so this year it's not like we were going to roll out the red carpet as nothing has really changed on that front with knowledge. I also messaged Sp00n to fill him in on a few things a few days prior to RTX, but again why do i need to tell this publicly? Because if i don't people will make up their own bullshit.
Even back when Seamus was gone for a good bit, we did stuff without him as he wasn't around. When Sly wasn't here for the first YEAR he wasn't included unless he flew out for a visit, why? because the focus was on our interactions in person. I know its a tough spot. Both Ze and Sp00n aren't out here (well sp00n was but hes moving back due to personal reasons and thats fine) but we all pitched this out like this 3 YEARS AGO. As far as us, I have been completely understanding of their cases. Sp00n doesn't really want to be in this stuff and again thats fine, he never really was into it in the first place and doesn't expect anything and Ze is juggling things on his end. Ze came to the office for visit and hes seen out it works first hand. It's just a matter of what they want to do, but at the same time we are not changing the stance of what we wanted to do from the starting house. I know i wouldnt want to. Not after all the work put in and creating a pretty good system for stuff now. We tried the remote shit and it failed. We tried the speaker Ze thing and that failed as well. The system in place WORKS.
I know personally i have put in like 3 years IN COLORADO out here alone and i risked a lot in doing that (everyone who came out at the start risked a lot). I'm not reverting back. I want to move forward. We are trying to do this together in one location and i know the preferred place is LA/CA but we simply cant afford that option. Tons upon tons of people asked us to move to LA and we refused due to funds. We are working our asses off JUST to get funds now, let alone throw it out for LA.
Just please stop filling in blanks with pointless bullshit. It's super childish to just make something up if it's an unknown in the first place just to spread random rumors and just kills the entire good feel vibe from doing videos in the first place. Its like with Jon left the grumps and everyone just made up their own reasoning as to why it happened. Also if i spelled shit wrong oh well lol.
Edit: I hate the fact that this was like my first legit post on Tumblr.
'Dog poop cake' is pictured at a specialty store on Shanghai's Nanjing Road last month. Yin Liqin / For China Daily
As the saying goes, "You are what you eat". And according to a manufacturer of mung bean cakes in Shanghai, if one eats its product labeled "dog poop cake", you are likely to be "blessed with the kind of luck that would see you step on dog poop".
While tourists in the city have been intrigued by the product, locals are said to be indignant that the manufacturer is calling it "a specialty of Shanghai", leading to production of the cake being suspended and the product being pulled from shelves since Wednesday, after receiving wide media attention.
"I don't get it. I just want to be innovative, which is supposed to be encouraged," said Zhang Neirong, owner and manager of Shanghai Fengdu Food Co, which began labeling its signature mung bean cakes as "dog poop cake" this year.
Zhang said that due to overwhelming criticism and pressure, he has withdrawn the product from his partnering food stores in Shanghai.
He has also stopped producing the cake's packaging - a linen bag and a post-it-size label that reads, "Savor the dog poop cake, enjoy the luck of stepping on dog poop" on a background featuring Shanghai's skyline.
The mung bean cakes inside look and taste no different from the regular offerings prevalent at the city's food stores and supermarkets. But the price, 42 yuan ($6.2) for 200 grams, is almost twice the average price.
A shop assistant working at a specialty store near the Bund, who refused to be named, said shoppers intrigued by the cakes are not usually concerned by the price, adding that more than 90 percent of purchases at her shop are made by tourists.
On Tuesday last week, a local newspaper published a front-page article about how the cakes have been labeled a specialty, and questioned whether the product is creative or vulgar. The report quoted historians and food critics slamming such labeling of the cakes, although the government said there is no law or regulations defining the city's "specialty food".
Zhang said he renamed his mung bean cakes after learning that a specialty in Sichuan province is "dog poop candy", while stating on his packaging that "dog poop cake" is a specialty of Shanghai to drive up sales.
Made of yellow bean and peanuts, "dog poop candy", a specialty of Ya'an, Sichuan province, is believed to have gained its peculiar name because of its shape and color.
HAPPILY for its members India's Parliament convenes for just three sessions a year, for an undemanding 100 days in all. In early spring the finance minister traditionally launches a session devoted to the budget. Arun Jaitley, the current minister, tossed spring flowers aplenty from his saffron-coloured briefcase on February 29th. There were promises to double farm incomes within five years, to raise wages for state employees and to spark new investment, all in a “pro-poor yet pro-market” bouquet of fiscal responsibility.
Mr Jaitley is lucky to have an economic tailwind. Lower global oil prices have helped India. Its companies are vibrant. A growing domestic economy with huge potential makes some of the broader concerns about the world economy such as a slowdown in China and among Western consumers less relevant to India. Still, some of Mr Jaitley's budget promises look less rosy now, after being roughly handled by India's opposition and press.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
An apparent big boost for crop insurance turns out to have been accomplished largely by shunting funds between ministries, from finance to agriculture. Additional outlays for a rural-jobs scheme for the poor may be welcome, yet before he came to power nearly two years ago, the prime minister, Narendra Modi, condemned the same programme as a monument to failure. Some analysts contend that Mr Jaitley's claim of robust economic growth of 7.6% is based on flawed statistical modelling. And others say that Mr Modi agreed to stick with a budget deficit of 3.5%, which is restrained by Indian standards, in order to save up for a bigger splash next year, when the more crucial state elections loom.
In a democracy as sprawling and vibrant as India's, sniping about such things is to be expected. So is a vigorous government response. Jayant Sinha, the junior minister for finance, is impatient with critics. He admits that many of the changes brought about by his government are small or not yet fully articulated. But such initiatives as a programme to open bank accounts for every household (which has already added some 212m accounts); or a hydrocarbons-exploration law that could promote a surge in investment to wean India off costly energy imports; or new bankruptcy rules that will make it easier for failed companies to be closed down; or a broad, yet-to-be-unveiled health insurance scheme aimed at the poor: all promise big returns. Taken together, he insists, such policies are transformational.
That is overstating it but at least Mr Jaitley's budget will pass. The ruling coalition has a comfortable majority in the Lok Sabha, Parliament's lower house, and India's constitution insulates “money bills” from meddling by the Rajya Sabha or upper house, dominated by the opposition.
Meanwhile, the main reason Mr Modi's government deserves credit, says one economist, is not any vision or drive but simply for appearing far less corrupt than its Congress-led predecessor, and for being reassuringly stolid at a time of deep global uncertainty. The government may be its own worst enemy, say other backers of its liberalising economic agenda, by injecting too much jumlebaazi—“word play” or “catchphrase” in Hindi, ie, hype—into the debate, thereby raising unrealistic expectations of land and labour reform and much more.
On the airwaves, on posters and in government-sponsored print adverts, such promotions as Make In India, and Start Up India Stand Up India, with Mr Modi's picture always prominent, have made a big splash. Yet when the prime minister declared at a recent IMF-sponsored event in Delhi, the capital, that India had opened “all sectors” to foreign investment, or that it had reached “the highest rank” in last year's ease-of-doing-business index compiled by the World Bank, participants politely scratched their heads.
India has opened more fields to foreign capital, including recently allowing wholly foreign-owned companies into food-processing industries. But it has generally done so in a piecemeal and often grudging fashion. As for the ease of doing business, a closer look at the index reveals that although India has moved up four places in the 2016 list, it still ranks only 130th out of 189 economies. A tangled bureaucracy, knotty laws and ponderous courts mean that while India ranks eighth in protecting minority shareholders, it trails in 178th place for enforcing contracts and in 183rd place for securing construction permits.
The “licence raj” that began to be dismantled 25 years ago remains only half-demolished. Public-sector banks, burdened with a huge stock of bad loans to stalled infrastructure projects and ailing heavy industries, still make up seven-tenths of the banking system. The finance ministry, charged with privatising state assets, dares not touch such chronic loss-makers as Air India, which employs 28,000 voters.
Yet no amount of government tinkering or talking up is going to turn the Indian elephant into a tiger any time soon. With the central government collecting the equivalent of just 11% of GDP in taxes, it lacks transformational capacity. A commendable, long-term devolution of power from the centre to individual states means that these now spend some 1.7 times what the national government does. Some states have used this growing clout effectively. Others lag far behind, giving India huge discrepancies in economic performance between regions and states (see chart).
Transformational capacity would surely be boosted by a long-planned goods and services tax. It would improve government revenues and market efficiency by unifying a patchwork of sales and other taxes. Yet politics is stymying its introduction. Mr Modi blames the opposition's obstructionism in Parliament, but his own party behaved just the same way before it came to power. Critics say that it should now be readier for political horse-trading. Its hot-headed Hindu-nationalist supporters, meanwhile, keep handing ammunition to the opposition, allowing it to change the subject from everyday economic issues to emotive questions of sectarianism or human rights.
Raghu accentuates the positive
Yet calmer voices are occasionally heard. Raghuram Rajan, who heads India's central bank and is an advocate of prudent national finances, remains upbeat. “All too often our public debates generate more noise than illumination,” he says. He also warns of the danger of fixation on slow progress with certain reforms, such as privatisation, even as the overall trend remains positive. When the world's financial markets are in turmoil, India's strong growth prospects are something to be thankful for. “We are in a sweet spot,” he says. “Let's not waste the opportunity.”
Polarisation within the Hindi film industry on the issue of Narendra Modi as Prime Ministerial candidate has intensified. The latest controversy erupted with the director of 'Final Solution', Rakesh Sharma tweeting against former Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) chair and pro-Modi Bollywood actor Anupam Kher's claim that he was mainly responsible for clearing the film under NDA rule. The film was based on the 2002 Gujarat Riots
Sharma rebutted Kher's claims. According to him, Kher is trying to glorify himself as the messiah of 'free speech'.
Edited excerpts of an interview to dna
While there was opposition to your film, CBFC had finally cleared it with no cuts. So, why is the whole issue being raked up again?
The issue was raked up by Anupam Kher when he made statements to glorify himself on news channels. When he was the Censor board chief, my film was banned as it was an insight into Gujarat riots. I had to come out and rebut his claims as they are false.
Considering Kher supports BJP, do you think that he is making these statements for the party's benefit?
I don't think that his lying will benefit the party in any way whatsoever. Whatever he said is utter rubbish and he was not responsible for clearing my film. When the film got clearances, UPA government was in power. He is just trying to present himself as a messiah of free speech. During his tenure, I was harassed and CBFC refused to watch my film and banned it. Numerous frivolous notices were sent to me by CFBC.
The statement, "I had cleared the film under BJP's rule' was made by Kher. Can you explain the backdrop of the events that transpired before your film got clearance?
My film received clearances on 10th October 2004 by a panel headed by Shyam Benegal.
Your film received national award for its strong content from government of India. Does it feel negative that Kher is trying to take focus away from film's engaging content towards politics?
Yes, it does take away from the content. Kher is NDA government's symphatiser and hence was hired at the board. At that point of time, he made attempts to make sure that the film would not see the light of the day as it was based on events that transpired the '2002 Gujarat riots'. My friend Anant Patwardhan took the legal route (Revising Committee, Tribunal, High Court and then SC) and it took him 2-3 years fighting a legal battle, during which process, a film remains buried, I decided to fight the ban in public realm!
It was in those days when Tehelka had not done investigative coverages of Gujarat riots and Narendra Modi's hate speech. Parties were trying to muffle voices which would go against the Gujarat government and reveal truth about riots.
What is your next course of action against Kher?
I have strongly rebutted Kher's comments and will continue doing so. He has lied on record while facts tell a different story altogether. Now, the ball is in Kher's court. Either he can gracefully accept his memory loss and self-glorification or continue with his lies.
My resistance will continue if he does not come clean on his statements. I will use all the forums possible to spread the word.
Any legal actions?
No, his actions are 'self-glorification' and do not need legal action as of now. I Will wait for his response.
You also stated that the examining committee did not view the film in its entirety when it went for examination. Why do you think do such lapses happen?
Censor board should not be allowed to maim, mutilate or crop movies. They should just be allowed to rate films and suggest cuts. Film-making is a creative process and any form of curtailment will lead to disasters. People constituting the CFBC bench do not know legalities and vision of directors.
There should be another body which consists of special judges of High courts who can judge films on the basis of content. This is very similar to Press Council of India which is an autonomous body governing press. It should be populated with creative artists, social scientists, High Court lawyers who have an understanding of the subject matter.
What usually happens is that when political bodies aren't able to fit their sympathisers with any government body, the next solution is to adjust them into CBFC. These people are novices with no knowledge about legal or creative matters. Hence, clashes arise leading to muffling of freedom of speech. It is a wastage of tax-payers money.
What do you think about freedom of speech if BJP led NDA government comes into power?
I don't apprehend major changes as government bodies have realised the power of common man. I hope that BJP has matured and understood that India is a vibrant democracy and they cannot possibly muffle voices here.
Once Indira Gandhi had tried doing the same and failed. Hence, any government that comes into power at the centre should tread a careful path and acknowledge public voices. If they don't, then they will alienate their own followers in the long-run.
What is your take on BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi?
Narendra Modi is unfit to lead the country based on his track record consisting of Gujarat riots. The 2002 stain which he never clearly answered is an abysmal proof of his poor credentials. Not even a single legislative assembly functioned with freedom under his rule. He used his powers and conducted budget session without any opposition. Mr. Modi isn't an institution-builder and consensus-maker and even opposed an Independent Lokpal by spending Rs 40 crore.
He is an autocrat who runs government according to his diktats and this ruined Gujarat's governance. India is headed towards disaster under this formula. India is a diverse country and I don't think Narendra Modi has the vision to take the country's towards development goals.
Police in Spokane, Wash., have recovered a stolen Super Bowl ring belonging to Stefan Humphries, a guard for the 1985 Chicago Bears and the drummer in the "Super Bowl Shuffle" video.
Play fantasy football on NFL.com Your fantasy team plays in the NFL, so why don't you? Sign up to play the NFL's official free
Your fantasy team plays in the NFL, so why don't you? Sign up to play the NFL's official free fantasy football game.
Humphries' home in Spokane was burglarized while he was away on vacation. He also lost a Rose Bowl championship ring (which has also been recovered), a Super Bowl pendant, a Big 10 championship ring and a Michigan senior ring (still missing).
"I was in a funk for a couple of weeks as a result of it," Humphries told The Spokesman-Review on Friday, according to ProFootballTalk.com. "Itâs that sentimental attachment that you really canât replaceâ¦.itâs priceless, itâs personal and it definitely is associated with some wonderful memories."
Humphries played five seasons in the NFL and later went to medical school and became a doctor.
Police arrested Jonathan R. Andersen, 24, who was allegedly driving a stolen SUV full of gold, silver and diamond jewelry. Andersen said Friday that he knows nothing about the stolen memorabilia.
A penguin and a retired bricklayer are birds of a feather.
Joao Pereira de Souza, 71, from an island off Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, found the flightless bird in distress in 2011 — covered in oil and floundering on the beach.
He rescued the South American Magellanic penguin, spent a week cleaning its sticky feathers, nursed him to health and named him Dindim, before setting him free in the wild, according to the Daily Mail.
But several months later, de Souza was shocked to see that Dindim had returned to the island, and even more stunned when the penguin seemed to recognize his savior and waddled home with him.
“I love the penguin like it's my own child and I believe the penguin loves me,” de Souza said.
“No one else is allowed to touch him. He pecks them if they do. He lays on my lap, lets me give him showers, allows me to feed him sardines and to pick him up.”
He said he increased Dindim's strength by feeding him a steady diet of fish before trying to release him into the water.
“But he wouldn't leave. He stayed with me for 11 months and then, just after he changed his coat with new feathers, he disappeared,” de Souza said. “Everyone said he wouldn't return, but he
has been coming back to visit me for the past four years.”
The penguin spends eight months a year with de Souza and the rest of the time breeding off the coast of Argentina and Chile — swimming about 5,000 miles in the process.
“He arrives in June and leaves to go home in February, and every year, he becomes more affectionate as he appears even happier to see me,” de Souza said.
Biologist Joao Paulo Krajewski, who interviewed de Souza for Globo TV, said, “I have never seen anything like this before. I think the penguin believes Joao is part of his family — and
probably a penguin as well. When he sees him, he wags his tail like a dog and honks with delight.”
Krajewski said most experts try to avoid strong bonds with rescued animals to ease their transitions back into the wild.
“But in this isolated case, the authorities allowed Dindim to stay with Joao because of his kindness,” Krajewski said.
For his part, de Souza says he's happy his fine-feathered friend has latched on to him.
“I'm flattered Dindim is happy to exchange his home with thousands of other penguins every year to find his way here to spend one-on-one time with me,” he said. “It's a very special relationship.”
So, we just exposed the awesome secret that Facebook's iPad app is actually already out there, hidden inside of the iPhone app. Now it's time to show it to you.
I've been playing with the app for much of the night, and it seems solid. Of course, there's no guarantee that this is what Facebook will launch when the iPad app does officially hit, but this looks and feels about right.
After months of downplaying the importance of having an iPad app, and instead playing up HTML5, Facebook has clearly spent some time working on this. At the same time, it is an HTML5-rich experience, with things like the News Feed being populated this way. But other things, like image uploads simply cannot be done without native code at this time.
At the end of the day, would I use this app over the full website, which functions pretty well on the iPad already? Absolutely. I cannot wait for this app to actually launch.
Below, find many images.
Update: We've just talked to a source who had previous seen the app and says that this is in fact the app Facebook was intending to launch shortly. We'll see if that gets sped up now.
A massive redevelopment is about to kickoff by the city of Oakland that will turn the former Oakland Army Base into "a modern, global logistics center" for the Port of Oakland. The $500 million first phase of the project will spend approximately 3 years upgrading infrastructure with utilities, new roads and rails, and preparing for building construction. Once that work is complete the city will begin constructing around 1 million sq. ft. of new buildings to be used mainly by the Port of Oakland.
The first phase will develop approximately 140 acres of city owned property, creating 1,500 construction jobs and up to 1,800 permanent jobs. Future phases of the $1.2 billion, 360-acre development project will include "additional logistics and cold-storage facilities, a new intermodal railyard, and a new 7th Street grade separation." A new bulk marine terminal will also be included, along with one million sq. ft. of warehousing and a recycling center.
·Former Oakland Army Base kicks off $500 million first phase [SF Business Times]
·Oakland Army Base Port Development Program [Port of Oakland]
Q: Why is the building important?
A: Dunelm House was completed in 1966 by the Architects' Co-Partnership and engineered by Ove Arup. Ove Arup was born in Heaton, Newcastle Upon-Tyne and was one of the greatest engineers of the 20th Century. Arup played a crucial role in pioneering engineering works worldwide, serving most notably as the designer and supervisor for Durham's own Kingsgate Bridge (Grade I listed), and as design engineer for the Sydney Opera House.
Arup, an honorary Geordie, considered Kingsgate Bridge one of the most important projects of his career, requesting that his ashes be scattered from the bridge following his death in 1988. Kingsgate and Dunelm House are physically connected, as a marriage of structures that depend upon each other. This makes Dunelm House and Kingsgate Bridge two of the most significant structures in the UK, if not Europe, if not the World! And they are on our doorstep in Durham. Why would you want to lose or damage either?
Q: It's a load of ugly dirty grey concrete - knock it down.
A: Yes, it is dirty. It is white concrete. And it needs a clean. If you had not cleaned your house for 51 years, it would look grim too. The building needs major work, which Durham University calculate would cost £14.7m. It might seem like a lot of money, but this is a fraction of what recent building projects have required, and is comparable to renovations and extensions to other university buildings. And just think what it could cost to demolish it, bury it in a landfill (how unsustainable!) and rebuild on the same site.
Q: The building 'is not able to accommodate new uses, so we should demolish it.
A: This statement has been reached as part of the University's ‘strategic masterplan', which wants to put another building use on the site of Dunelm House. Of course, this doesn't work without significant investment. So perhaps the masterplan has not been adequately evidenced or justified in trying to impose a new function on an existing building - it's like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. Why not simply adjust the masterplan? Demolition is highly unsustainable, wasteful and very costly financially and environmentally. It should always be the last move when all else fails, and your building is literally falling down. Dunelm House is not falling down - it was designed by one of the greatest engineers of the 20th Century.
Q: But the building has a leaky roof!
A: Yes it does. All roofs leak at some point (even Durham Cathedral's roof leaks - it doesn't mean we should knock it down). Most new roofs are only guaranteed for 20 years. Dunelm House's roof is 51 years old, and so like any other building it needs a new roof! Durham University has been aware of the leaky roof for over 10 years. Now is the time to fix it.
Q: It will cost too much to repair it. Isn't it cheaper to just build new?
A: Durham University have carried out detailed estimations on the redesign and repair estimated at £14.7m. Dunelm House has a gross internal area of 3980sqm, making the refurbishment cost an estimated £3600 per sqm. That seems like a lot of money, but it is cheaper than the cost of Durham Universities new Ogden Center for Fundamental Physics (the new abstract timber building) which is costing £11.5m for 2,478 sq. m – that's a whopping £4640 per sqm! Refurbishing the building could be cheaper than building new. A completely new building on Dunelm House's site could cost millions more due to the cost of demolition and disposal to put Dunelm House into a landfill, not to forget the complexities of the site due to the topography, retaining walls, structures required and access issues that make this project site very complex – and as a consequence very costly!
Q: We want a shiny new building by some famous international starchitect. That will put Durham on the map and make it a world class city!
A: Durham is already a world class city, with a world class University. It has a diverse architectural grain from across the past millennium, and this includes the twentieth century. Durham University has been an amazing patron of modern architecture, particularly during the 1960s. So why undo that good work and lose it all now?
Yes, hire great architects with lots of imagination and creativity. BUT, please look at what other highly successful refurbishment projects of Modernist buildings there have been. Look at Park Hill refurbishment in Sheffield (Hawkins Brown) or the Barbican refurbishment in London (AHMM) completed in past 10 years. Both hugely successful developments, prestigious, award winning, high profile, world class buildings that simply recognise and celebrate the value of Twentieth Century Architecture. Go on Durham, you can do that too!
Paris Las Vegas Hotel dims Eiffel Tower to honor attack victims
Courtesy of Evan Posocco
The Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino's replica of the Eiffel Tower will go dark for a second night as a tribute to victims of terrorist attacks in France.
The resort said on its Facebook page Saturday that the lights on its Eiffel Tower would be dimmed.
The hotel tower went dark Friday night after news of the deadly attacks in Paris spread.
Other tributes on the Las Vegas Strip included one on the High Roller, billed as the world's tallest observation wheel.
The 550-foot-tall attraction was lit up in the colors of France's flag — red, white and blue.
Authorities say extremists carried out coordinated gun-and-suicide bombing attacks across Paris on Friday that left 129 people dead and more than 350 injured.
OTTAWA Senators defenseman Ben Harpur is as Canadian as they come, but when he visits Australia to play in the Ice Hockey Classic next week, it will be a homecoming of sorts for the rising star.
Harpur is born and bred in Canada. He sounds Canadian too. He roots for the Blue Jays in MLB, and if we had to guess which beer he'd be cradling as he settles in front of the TV for the evening to watch Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final at his home in Niagara Falls, Ontario, our money would be on an ice cold Labatt Blue.
But the way he correctly pronounces Canberra — a surprisingly difficult task for those with a North American accent — tells a different story.
LIVE stream the NHL Playoffs on FOX SPORTS. Get a free 2-week FOXTEL PLAY trial now & stream LIVE within minutes. SIGN UP NOW!
Mike Hoffman #68 with Senators teammate Ben Harpur #67. Source: Getty Images
Harpur has familial roots firmly set in Australia.
“My mum made sure [I can say ‘Canberra' like a local],” Harpur said.
Harpur's mother is originally from the ACT, and his father is Irish. His grandparents lived in Canada a bit before settling back in Canberra and he has an uncle who lives in Brisbane.
Harpur's parents met in Canada where they raised a family, and a hockey-obsessed child that would go on to be a fourth-round pick in the 2013 NHL Draft.
That was Harpur. And after a few years spent playing for the Binghamton Senators in the American Hockey League, this season the 22-year-old, 6-foot-6 defenseman finally got his NHL call-up with Ottawa.
Pittsburgh Penguins' Jake Guentzel and Ottawa Senators' Ben Harpur chase after the puck during Game 5 in the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Eastern Conference finals. Source: AP
“It was some of the craziest months of my hockey career,” Harpur said.
“I was called up from the minor league affiliate [Binghamton] with five games remaining in the NHL regular season. We were still fighting for a place in the playoffs, and those games down the stretch were really important.
“In the playoffs one of the Ottawa defensemen got hurt and I had the opportunity to get into the line-up and play some huge games at some great arenas. The whole experience was unbelievable.”
Thank you to my teammates and the fans in Binghamton and Ottawa for making this year a memorable one. So lucky to have been a part of this special team. What a ride. 📷 @patwoodbury A post shared by Ben Harpur (@bharpur95) on May 27, 2017 at 10:59am PDT
The Senators' playoff run ended in the Eastern Conference Finals, losing the series against Pittsburgh 4-3. Harpur finished with a total of nine playoffs games to his name with two assists.
Having heard of the Stop Concussions Foundation's Ice Hockey Classic from some NHL players who went to last year's event that featured ‘The Great One' Wayne Gretzky, Harpur is now readying for his first major appearance donning the red Maple Leaf when Canada plays the USA in Sydney and Melbourne.
“The last time I went to Australia was back in 2011, before my hockey career started getting serious. It's been tough to find the time to go back.
“So this is a great opportunity to go back to Australia for a good cause.
“It was hard for me to say no.”
Dream come true playing in my first NHL game last night! A post shared by Ben Harpur (@bharpur95) on Apr 1, 2016 at 3:23pm PDT
Harpur will have his mum watching in the stands for the Sydney game on June 18, and he extended his trip to spend some time in the nation's capital catching up with the rest of his family.
As for what it means to be wearing Canada's colours in, of all places, Australia, Harpur said the mentality doesn't change — beat the USA.
“It'll be cool to be able to showcase ice hockey to some people who maybe aren't really familiar with it,” Harpur said.
“The only time I would have worn a Canadian jersey was at the world juniors, but outside of that, this will be the first time really representing Canada.
“There's always been a healthy rivalry between Canada and the US, so I think there'll be some healthy competition for sure.”
Ben Harpur #67 of the Ottawa Senators skates against the Pittsburgh Penguins. Source: Getty Images
ICE HOCKEY CLASSIC DATES
Sydney — Qudos Bank Arena: Saturday 17 June, 2017
Melbourne — Hisense Arena: Saturday 24 June, 2017
The unelected president of the European Commission has urged member states to avoid holding referendums on their membership of the bloc, which is entering “a ‘last chance' phase”.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the beleaguered head of the EU's executive arm, conceded there was a “lack of love” for European Union (EU) governance across the continent, such that it was “unwise” to allow people to vote on their future membership.
Asked about the likely next president of Austria and his support for an in-out referendum, Mr. Juncker told Euronews the EU should not “deny or take away the people of Europe's right to express their views”. Except, he added, “regarding referenda on EU membership, I think it is not wise to organise this kind of debate…”
He claimed he was not “concerned about the final result” of referendums, but said they should be avoided “because this will pile more controversy onto the huge number already present at the heart of the EU”.
The committed federalist, who said “Borders are the worst invention ever made” this August, also spoke about the lack of shared identity across the political bloc.
“The lack of love, we do not know a great deal about each other. What do the people in Lapland know about Sicily?” he asked. “What do the Italians in the south know about the depths of Poland? Nothing. We need to take more of an interest in each other.”
He also furiously denied that another Eurosceptic, Marine Le Pen, had any chance of being elected as the next French president. “It is a question that we should not even be asking”, he told the interviewer.
And the rise of her Front National party had nothing to do with the Brexit vote, he said. “Listen, you must not confuse people or countries. Brexit had other, profound causes which the unlikely election of Madame Le Pen in France does not. We must not confound the two, I think that is dangerous.”
Mr. Juncker was keen to avoid other nations being inspired by Brexit. “The British have had their say by universal suffrage. I hope others do not do the same,” he said.
He claimed he would not seek to assert “revenge” on the UK, but insisted “the British cannot have the same rights and advantages as citizens of the European Union.”
Yesterday, Mr. Juncker's nemesis in the EU parliament, outgoing UKIP interim leader Nigel Farage, warned the EU there is “a lot more bad news to come”, largely linked to referendums.
He said it would be “starting in Italy, where [Matteo] Renzi will probably lose that referendum” and “Austria next Sunday, where a candidate will win the presidency who is now committed to… a referendum on their membership of the Union”.
However, up-and-coming national elections also present an opportunity for eurosceptics.
“And then we roll on to the elections next year. In the Netherlands, in Germany, and in France” Mr. Farage said, alluding the rise Geert Wilders, the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, and Marine Le Pen.
Mr. Wilders's Freedom Party (PVV) is currently polling as the largest party in the Netherlands; the anti-mass migration AfD party is more popular than ever in Germany; and Mrs. Le Pen's Front National is set to make it to the final round of France's presidential elections.
Mr. Juncker recognised the threat from insurgent eurosceptic parties in national elections, saying the EU “is entering a ‘last chance' phase because the gulf between Europe's citizens and the public and political action of the EU is growing ever wider…”
However, he also said: “The French and German elections do not threaten the future of Europe, as far as their citizens are concerned.”
In my 12 years in EMS, I've worked for entities ranging from smaller private companies up to major city third-service, in mixed environments ranging from inner city to true suburbia. For many of us, that's actually a pretty normal career path – we follow our instincts about where the “best” place for us to work is, as we pursue the sometimes-elusive goal of making a lifelong career out of a field which is unfortunately still not seen by many in the public as a “true” profession.
One question which comes up frequently when someone finds out that you're an EMT or medic is the loaded “so where do you work?” As we've all seen, the answer that you give can unfortunately change the way that someone sees what you do. If you tell someone that you work for a private ambulance service, they may categorize you as “lesser” somehow than someone who works for a city – partly due to a belief that carries over from the distinction that many folks make between “real” police officers and those who work private security.
Unlike the differences between a sworn officer and an unarmed guard, however, there is no distinction made that I'm aware of in any state protocol manual as far as the roles and responsibilities of any EMS provider based upon who signs their paycheck. So why do some of us persist in thinking differently about someone based upon where they work? Let's discuss.
“That's Not Real EMS”
There is some truth to the notion that selectivity makes a difference in the standards that someone has to meet in order to work someplace, and arguably how “good” someone who works there is, but it's by no means definitive. The barrier for entry into some private EMS in the past has, in some cases, been relatively low: be breathing and have your ticket. Those places are few and further between these days, thankfully, and the modern reality is that the entrance requirements for private EMS which provides any kind of municipal service are actually pretty stringent for many services. (In some cases, their exams and practicals may even exceed the difficulty of those imposed by municipal services.)
Be that as it may, we're still going to run into the issue that I experienced personally when working private service versus working for the elite city system: you're most likely not going to be listened to as well if you're wearing the “wrong” uniform, be it by officers or fire on scene (unless they know you), or the nurses or docs at triage… at first. But here's the great part, and what makes the true standard that we should be measuring ourselves on: if you prove that you do, in fact, know what you're doing, and you care about your patients (compassion is part of competence, in my book), those attitudes can and will change, regardless of the uniform you wear.
Outcome = Respect
Given the fact that we have a true and unifying mission in EMS, where we are literally all working towards the same goal (optimal care for each patient), we are also in a unique position to leverage each other's strengths in order to attain a higher level of respect. Segmentation of training is another area in which we find differences between public and private EMS, but if we are really all out here in the field to take care of every patient to the highest possible degree, we should break down those barriers and make the best training available to everyone.
The model for this can be found in the Police Officer Standardized Training (POST) concept, where training is standardized at central locations in order to ensure that the best trainers, regardless of who they work for, are the ones instructing everyone within a given state. We in EMS have long had standardized protocols, but how those protocols are translated into the real world via training has vast differences, which does a disservice to our best providers if they don't happen to be working in a place with access to that knowledge.
Joe Basic working for MakeMoney Ambulance Service could in fact have the capability of becoming a top-level provider, but we'll never find out if we don't give him the chance to show that he can learn and perform. Ultimately, not giving him that access is failing our patients, as well, because none of us can ever know that he won't be the one responding to someone who needs that knowledge applied in order to survive or avoid disability.
Some of overcoming that barrier, again, comes down to attitude. I've seen people in the “elite” system who nobody respects, save for the fact that they work for that system and therefore have “made it,” and people in the privates who are EMS gods, but who are assumed to not be “as good” because they never “got on” with a fire department or third service.
We need to stop assuming that membership in a given agency is a validation, and start looking more at each other as individual providers on the same playing field, with the same goals: no matter who you are, or what patch is on your sleeve, at the end of the day we will all be meeting patients on the field of “battle” which is the noble fight against death and disability, and neither of those two care at all about what that patch says. They respect skill, and skill alone, and it's up to all of us to ensure that we are all supporting each other in increasing our professionalism so that we might, someday, present a truly unified barrier to throw against them.
____
Greg Bogosian is certified as a Reserve/Intermittent Police Officer by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and spent twelve years working as an EMT-Basic, including four years as a field EMT and dispatcher for the City of Boston EMS. He was additionally a member of a Federal medical disaster relief team for ten years, with experience responding to the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and the pre-deployment of resources for Hurricane Ike. Greg currently has a passion for educating public safety professionals about matters which impact their lives every day, and welcomes feedback and suggestions in the spirit of ensuring that best practices make it out there for all to benefit from.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six months after Russia annexed Crimea, residents of the Black Sea peninsula cast their first votes in a Russian election - an election many of them are calling unfair and undemocratic.
A boy looks out of a voting booth at a polling station in the Crimean port of Sevastopol, September 14, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer
Campaigning before Sunday's local and regional elections was characterized by favoritism towards the ruling party loyal to Russian President Vladimir Putin and repression of its opponents, according to residents in Crimea who spoke to Reuters by telephone.
Crimean politics has come to resemble the Soviet political landscape since Russia annexed Crimea in March, said Andrei Brezhnev, who leads new Communist Party of Social Justice, and is the grandson of the Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev.
“Now we have no political competition either,” he said.
His party is competing in the regional parliamentary race and in a poll for one of the main cities, Sevastopol. People had been forced to sign up for membership in the pro-Putin United Russia Party before the vote, he said.
“About two months ago everybody, wholesale, was forced to ‘voluntarily' sign up for membership in United Russia here - officials, heads of local administrations, shops directors, medical workers,” he said. “Suddenly, in three months everything became United Russia here.”
United Russia's victory in a parliamentary election in 2011 sparked accusations of voting violations and launched the biggest anti-Putin street protests in his more than decade-long rule.
Crimea, facing water and electricity shortages following its annexation by Russia, is also seeing a rise in probable politically motivated human rights violations, a top European rights envoy said on Friday.
Nils Muiznieks, commissioner for human rights at the Council of Europe, also said pressure has increased on ethnic Crimean Tatars, a Muslim ethnic minority, who are facing raids on their businesses and schools.
Nariman Dzhelyalov, a local politician, who represents Crimean Tatars, said the Tatar community assembly he sits on had called for a boycott of the vote.
“There are no opposition parties. All the parties here are pro-Kremlin, pro-Putin. All of them support his policy, all of them love him,” said Dzhelyalov.
“We called all the citizens of Crimea regardless of their ethnicity not to take part in those elections,” he told Reuters. “We believe voting legislation does not give the indigenous population of Crimea an opportunity to be represented in elected government bodies appropriately.”
Vladimir Konstantinov, the speaker of State Council of Crimea, now from United Russia, said last month no intense political battle was going on in the territory.
“Between competitors, there is no fight to defeat one another. Compared to our recent elections, (campaigns) are exemplary,” he told state news agency RIA Novosti.
A Russian state television reporter said that “everything was running smoothly” at Crimean polling stations in Crimea.
But independent vote monitor Golos said their observers were prevented from entering several polling stations, Russian newswires reported. Elections are being carried out in 84 of the 85 country's regions, state television channel Russia 24 said.
A German city is set to start a controversial project to pay alcohol and drug addicts to clean the streets in return for beer, tobacco, food and small amounts of cash.
Organisers said on Tuesday that social workers would closely oversee the project, dubbed "Pick Up", in a dilapidated area around the central railway station of the industrial western city of Essen.
A team of six people will sweep streets and collect rubbish in return for $1.50 an hour, a warm meal and three bottles of beer after their shift, as well as tobacco for smokers, reported the Die Welt newspaper.
The plan has drawn sharp criticism, with one aid group for the homeless labelling the "cheap labour" project dehumanising and asking why alcoholics should be given beer on the public tab.
The project managers, Suchthilfe Direkt, however argue the scheme aims to reintegrate into society the most severe addicts of multiple substances, usually hard drugs and alcohol.
"The project participants are people who need to have a daily structure just to get back on their feet," its coordinator Oliver Balgar told the Bild newspaper.
The project is based on similar Dutch initiatives.
Its primary aim is "harm reduction" for people not yet able or willing to go fully abstinent, to discourage them from consuming harder alcohol and to bring them into closer contact with social and medical services.
Those taking part will be mostly long-term unemployed and heavily addicted people for whom therapies have failed, who have health problems and are "socially isolated and stigmatised", the group said in a statement.
WASHINGTON — Lockheed Martin Space Systems reported an increase in profit in its fiscal first quarter April 25 thanks in part to an increase in earnings from its stake in United Launch Alliance, but company officials cautioned that it expected ULA's contributions to decline later this year.
The Space Systems division of the defense and aerospace giant reported an operating income of $288 million for the first quarter of 2017, an increase of $44 million over the same quarter of 2016. Net sales for the quarter were $2.36 billion, up from $2.13 billion in the same quarter if 2016.
The bulk of that increase was due to increased earnings from its 50 percent stake in ULA, the launch vehicle joint venture it shares with Boeing. The company said total equity earnings for the Space Systems division, which primarily comes from ULA, were $80 million in the quarter, compared to $50 million in the same quarter of 2016.
Company officials, though, aren't expecting the increase in income from its ULA stake to continue. “You should think of that as a phasing in the year,” said Bruce Tanner, executive vice president and chief financial officer, of the increase in ULA earnings in the quarter during a call with analysts April 25.
Lockheed Martin Space Systems reported $325 million in equity earnings, again primarily from ULA, for all of 2016, according to the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. While the $80 million reported for the first quarter would put the company on a path for a similar total for 2017, Tanner said he expects a lower total for the full year.
“We're still expecting that ULA will be about two-thirds or so” of the earnings generated in 2016, or about $240 million, for 2017, he said. That would be similar to the $245 million in equity earnings the division reported in 2015, according to its SEC filings.
“It just so happens that the first quarter was disproportionately higher,” he explained. “We would expect that to come back down.”
However, Tanner also said in the call that the company was increasing its operating profit outlook for all of 2017 for Space Systems by $25 million, to $965–995 million. That increase, he said, was due primarily to increased equity income from ULA.
The sales outlook for the division also increased by $100 million for the full year, to $8.85–9.15 billion, which he attributed to the “improved outlook” for the division for the rest of the year, without identifying specific programs likely to generate that increase. The company's other major divisions did not change their sales projections for the year.
You know what's almost better then a good zombie flick? A great zomcom.
And it's not every day you catch a trailer for one that really looks like it can stand next to hard hitters like Shaun of The Dead, Dead Alive, and Zombie Land.
Until?
Trailer:
Meet Juan. Juan of the Dead.
Juan is your every day dude – and when Havana, Cuba is hard hit by the plague of the dead – it's up to Juan to save everyone. And maybbbeee make a little cash too.
Juan of the Dead is Cuba's first attempt at the zombie genre and isn't just a simple horror-comedy. No, according to Director Alejandro Brugues – it's very much a social commentary too (a bit of a trend with zombie films). Cuba has been in a state of turmoil for years, so what's a little apocalypse on top of it?
Plot Synopsis:
In the film, an entire city is overrun by zombies while Cuba's Communist leaders insist it is just a plot by US-backed dissidents to bring down the government. So it is left to hero Juan – played by Cuban actor Alexis Diaz de Villegas – to rid the island of the undead for money. But as the zombie outbreak begins to spread, he is left with no choice but to fight for his own survival.
No word on an American release yet – but I can't wait to see this. Thoughts?
Similar Posts:
The province is expected to make a light rail transit (LRT) announcement at 8 a.m. on Tuesday morning, but sources say it will be for a shorter route than the city initially proposed.
The line, which was originally supposed to be 13.5 kilometres from McMaster University to Eastgate Square, will likely stop at the former City Motor Hotel property at 55 Queenston Rd, two sources have told CBC Hamilton. That would mean the planned route would be about 11.3 kilometres.
The announcement is also expected to include money for the Centennial GO station.
Premier Kathleen Wynne will make the announcement at McMaster University, accompanied by Transportation Minister Steven Del Duca and Ted McMeekin MPP for Ancaster-Dundas-Flamborough-Westdale.
Hamilton has been asking the province to fund full capital funding for an LRT, and used a Metrolinx grant to fund 30 per cent of the design costs. Metrolinx estimates the full cost of building LRT would be about $1.4 billion in 2014 costs.
The province has set aside $16 billion for transit projects in the GTHA — including, it has said, "rapid transit" for Hamilton. But until now, it has refused to clarify whether that means bus rapid transit (BRT) or LRT.
Mark Cripps, an assistant to Ted McMeekin MPP for Ancaster-Dundas-Flamborough-Westdale, tweeted earlier: "Tomorrow will be an historic day for my city."
The announcement will be livestreamed.
In a previous interview, Mayor Fred Eisenberger said the premier told him in January that the province will fund the full capital costs of LRT.
And even though the province has not publicly specified LRT, "LRT is the direction I believe the province is going to go," he said.
In a statement on Monday, Eisenberger said he is "delighted the premier is coming to Hamilton tomorrow morning," and that he is "looking forward to hearing about a visionary investment for the City of Hamilton."
As for the new eastern terminus, the City Motor Hotel was once a hotel known for being a hotbed of crime. The city expropriated the property in 2013 and has finalized a plan to encourage development.
A funding announcement on rapid transit in Hamilton is happening Tuesday morning. (City of Hamilton)
The Queenston circle has been discussed numerous times in LRT discussions. It's listed in the city's nodes and corridors study, and as a potential LRT stop in the city's 2013 Rapid Ready report.
Ryan McGreal, an LRT advocate, says if the province is willing to fund a shorter line and the GO station, that appeases both GO transit and LRT fans.
Phasing in LRT isn't a new idea either, he said. When Metrolinx did a benefits case analysis, it looked at LRT, BRT and phased LRT, he said.
"A slightly shorter LRT is still orders of magnitude better than nothing at all."
Tuesday's announcement will be good news provided the capital funding comes in the foreseeable future, he said.
If the province commits funding, "what becomes problematic is how far out that money will be allocated."
Coun. Matthew Green of Ward 3 said he wants full capital funding, but if that's not the announcement, "we have to play the cards we're dealt." The city needs answers in order to move ahead, he said.
"It's a matter of finding concrete answers from the province and being able to plan accordingly in Hamilton."
Coun. Sam Merulla of Ward 4, an LRT advocate and chair of the public works committee, says he wants to see 100-per cent capital funding for LRT on Tuesday, just like council has asked. He also wants to see money for the Centennial GO station and the $300 million council requested for upgrades of the existing HSR system.
Anything less than full capital funding could be a rocky ride, said Coun. Terry Whitehead of Ward 8. Any money the city commits would have to come from some other area of the budget.
"I am not in favour of a major funding announcement where the city has to pick up the tab."
OutdoorGearLab.com revealed today the results of the 2013 Editors' Choice Awards for the Bike Computer category, listing this year's best and best value. Review Editors chose the following winners after extensive field testing in the greater Washington D.C. area and on long commutes and rides along the east coast. We took eight models and put them to head-to-head tests to figure out what was the best in the following categories: ease of use, features, and attachment method. The most important aspects of a bicycle computer are that it is easy to set-up and use while riding, it is feature rich to help riders train and record trip details. Even though all the contenders we reviewed got the job done, we found that some computers are better for certain applications than others. Each underwent extensive side by side tests to evaluate these key performance differences. View the complete Bike Computer Reviews
The winners are:
Garmin Edge 810 winner of the Editor's Choice Award for 2013. According to Gear Editor David Mackey, “This won our top honors for a combination of ease of use and the amount of functional features. After extensive testing, the Edge 810 held up in snow and rain, navigated us through unknown roads, and kept us focused during workouts. Although the data collected is similar to the Strava app, the Edge 810 outperformed while on the bike since it is more tailored to cycling use than a smart phone. ”
Cateye Strada winner of the Best Buy award for 2013. This award is given to a product that balances an extremely high score in our tests and a very reasonable price. According to David Mackey, “A durable, reliable, and convenient wireless bike computer, the Strada records eight modes while keeping a slim profile and great functionality. The set-up is intuitive and quick, and can work on a multitude of bikes. Not a training tool, it is a good computer for a cyclist looking to keep track of basic ride statistics.”
STRAVA App – winner of the Top Pick award for 2013. This award is given to a product that excels at a specific application. According to David Mackey, “STRAVA is a unique alternative to a bike computer: a cycling app. Free (if you own a smart phone) and loaded onto your smart phone, STRAVA keeps track of distance, time, elevation, calories, and speed. Third-party components allow heart rate and cadence tracking, and an upgraded membership accesses power output, your suffer score, and GPX file exporting.The STRAVA website adds a great social aspect to training. It is extremely easy to use, giving in-depth analysis of recent rides and connecting you with friends and strangers alike.”
THANKSGIVING DAY, 2014
- - - - - - -
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
A PROCLAMATION
Thanksgiving Day invites us to reflect on the blessings we enjoy and the freedoms we cherish. As we gather with family and friends to take part in this uniquely American celebration, we give thanks for the extraordinary opportunities we have in a Nation of limitless possibilities, and we pay tribute to all those who defend our Union as members of our Armed Forces. This holiday reminds us to show compassion and concern for people we have never met and deep gratitude toward those who have sacrificed to help build the most prosperous Nation on earth. These traditions honor the rich history of our country and hold us together as one American family, no matter who we are or where we come from.
Nearly 400 years ago, a group of Pilgrims left their homeland and sailed across an ocean in pursuit of liberty and prosperity. With the friendship and kindness of the Wampanoag people, they learned to harvest the rich bounty of a new world. Together, they shared a successful crop, celebrating bonds of community during a time of great hardship. Through times of war and of peace, the example of a Native tribe who extended a hand to a new people has endured. During the American Revolution and the Civil War, days of thanksgiving drew Americans together in prayer and in the spirit that guides us to better days, and in each year since, our Nation has paused to show our gratitude for our families, communities, and country.
With God's grace, this holiday season we carry forward the legacy of our forebears. In the company of our loved ones, we give thanks for the people we care about and the joy we share, and we remember those who are less fortunate. At shelters and soup kitchens, Americans give meaning to the simple truth that binds us together: we are our brother's and our sister's keepers. We remember how a determined people set out for a better world -- how through faith and the charity of others, they forged a new life built on freedom and opportunity.
The spirit of Thanksgiving is universal. It is found in small moments between strangers, reunions shared with friends and loved ones, and in quiet prayers for others. Within the heart of America's promise burns the inextinguishable belief that together we can advance our common prosperity -- that we can build a more hopeful, more just, and more unified Nation. This Thanksgiving, let us recall the values that unite our diverse country, and let us resolve to strengthen these lasting ties.
NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim Thursday, November 27, 2014, as a National Day of Thanksgiving. I encourage the people of the United States to join together -- whether in our homes, places of worship, community centers, or any place of fellowship for friends and neighbors -- and give thanks for all we have received in the past year, express appreciation to those whose lives enrich our own, and share our bounty with others.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-sixth day of November, in the year of our Lord two thousand fourteen, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-ninth.
BARACK OBAMA
The Siachen glacier is regarded as the world's highest battlefield. India and Pakistan both claim the area and have thousands of soldiers stationed there. Photographer Prashant Panjiar was given rare access to the Indian side in 2005, when he took these photos, most of which are being published for the first time.
The glacier has been in the news recently with the deaths in April of about 140 people, most of them soldiers, on the Pakistani side in an avalanche. Soon after, Pakistan's army chief said Pakistan favoured talks with India to demilitarise Siachen. The two countries have already held 12 rounds of talks over the disputed glacier.
Photographer Prashant Panjiar was given rare access to the Indian side in 2005, when he took these photos.
Weather is the biggest foe. Bone-chilling winds whip the landscape and avalanches sweep soldiers into crevasses. The harsh sun burns the skin and, combined with the thin air and sub-zero temperatures, can induce acute depression.
India and Pakistan agreed to a ceasefire over the Siachen glacier in 2003 but thousands of troops are still deployed in the region.
Supplies must be flown in to the Forward Logistics Base by helicopter. India believes that the glacier is of great strategic and diplomatic value.
Indian soldiers adjust to the high altitude by training on an ice wall at the snout of the Siachen glacier.
A sign at the snout of the glacier declares it to be the world's highest battlefield.
India's Siachen Base Camp. In 1984 the Indian army seized control of the glacier, an area not demarcated by the Line of Control through divided Kashmir. Pakistan made frequent unsuccessful attempts to capture the area in the following years.
Many more soldiers have died from the harsh conditions in Siachen than in combat. A war memorial on the bank of the Nubra river is inscribed with the names of all the Indian soldiers who have died on the glacier.
Iceland has postponed plans to withdraw its application for European Union membership, the government said on Monday (12 May), after protesters called for a referendum.
The government drafted a bill earlier this year to withdraw Iceland's 2009 EU membership application without holding a public vote, but thousands of protesters gathered in March and April outside parliament, calling on the ruling parties to honour election promises to put the EU issue to a referendum.
Foreign Affairs Minister Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson did not promise that. “I expect that parliament will return to the issue after the summer recess. I only consider it a formality,” he said.
“The government is not in any negotiations with the EU and does not intend to hold any.”
Around 55,000 people in Iceland signed a petition calling for a referendum on EU membership. Opinion polls indicate a majority of Iceland's 320,000 people want such a vote.
In an opinion poll conducted earlier this month, 37% of Icelanders said they want to join the EU, the highest level since the country put in its application. The poll showed 49% of Icelanders were against joining.
The best responses to the #askCarrick hashtag on Twitter today
When will those responsible for these footballing Twitter Q and A session learn that they never end well?
Despite the fact that they end up becoming a merciless p*ss-taking session in the vast majority of cases, footballers continue to persist with question and answer sessions under a particular hashtag, although it must be said that it is usually not their choice and is normally the idea of the club they play for or a particular brand or company looking for promotion.
Today, the Manchester United Twitter account informed their followers that they were looking for questions for the England midfielder for the official match programme, United Review, and while they probably got enough of the type of safe and run of the mill queries they were looking for, the majority of respondents used it as an ample opportunity to have a laugh.
Tom Cleverley, look away now.
#mufc's official match programme United Review is interviewing Michael Carrick. Tweet us your questions for the midfielder with #AskCarrick. — Manchester United (@ManUtd) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick What's it like playing under the best manager in the world (Moyes) & the best CM in the world (Cleverly)? pic.twitter.com/XIm0qD5OSh — Ricky Mann (@RickyMann4) February 3, 2014
Last season: Carrick, 34 game - 1 goal Kagawa, 20 game - 6 goal If you no enter tiger cave, you no catch tiger. #AskCarrick WHY I NO PLAY? — Evil Kagawa (@evilkagawa) September 12, 2013
#AskCarrick Would you say hello to my dog who is called Carrick? This is because we managed to teach him to sit but not move forward. — Rob Summerfield (@RobSummerfield1) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick the ball is a round shape,it can go in any direction (360 degrees) yet you only use the 180 degrees behind you?why is this? — Alan Wheatley (@wheat31) February 3, 2014
#askcarrick in what game was your most memorable pass back to your keeper? — Liono (@LOTTC) February 3, 2014
Do you ever look at Young, Cleverly, Smalling, Welbeck & question the point of living? #AskCarrick — Biatchhhhh (@sonyletmedown) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick Did Tom Cleverley win a competition on the back of a box of corn flakes to play with the United team? — John NOT Terry (@BigJohnTerry) February 3, 2014
''[Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull] has even said that at some point we'll look at whether or not it goes from public hands back to private,'' Mr Morrow said. ''In a way [leaseback facilities] are a form of it.''
But Mr Morrow also said the concept was not being actively considered by NBN Co's board. The priority was still construction.
''I've done sale and leasebacks before on towers and other major infrastructure and usually you have to have a big enough pool with a steady enough revenue stream coming into it to have anybody be interested in the capital purchase,'' he said.
''I don't think right now, as we're in a piecemeal fashion, it would work that way, but it's something we should consider once we get things further built out.''
Asked if NBN Co would consider outsourcing call centres and back office jobs to low-cost locations overseas, Mr Morrow said it was an option he would keep open.
Consider the following hypothetical: I am at a party. My friends approach me and speak in glowing terms about their new friend, Jim —specifically how progressive he is, despite the conservative nature of the organization he leads. When Jim arrives, my friends steer the conversation toward politics and policy. Jim joins in the conversation by explaining how men and women are not, in fact, equal and that it is only right that there are positions and opportunities available in his company to men that are forbidden to women. While on the subject of equality, he also explains that homosexuality is an abomination and to afford LGBTQQI individuals the same rights as heterosexuals is a threat to civilization. Among the things he also counts as threats to civilization are a woman's right to use birth control or have an abortion.
I tell Jim I disagree vehemently with him on these points and excuse myself. My friends hurry after me and urge me to wait — listen to Jim's calls for action on climate change, his advocacy for Syrian refugees, his rhetoric in support of economic justice, the nights he's spent feeding those living in poverty.
Advertisement:
While those are all noble endeavors, Jim remains a sexist, and bigoted toward LGBT folks, too. I cringe and wonder, since when is Jim what they consider progressive? Absurd.
Now replace Jim with Pope Francis and reread.
While I don't believe anyone would actually tout the fictional Jim as a progressive, Pope Francis is routinely considered to be one, and it is no less absurd. Pope Francis is praised by progressives despite his sexist statements about women and hypocritical and discriminatory treatment of them, his extremist remarks about gays and comparison of transgender individuals to nuclear weapons and the Church's discriminatory, exclusionary policies toward women and LGBTQQI people. He is lauded for his advocacy for climate change while numerous sources have criticized his hypocrisy on the subject, since the U.N. has called for family planning initiatives the church adamantly opposes as an important tool to combat climate change.
Sexist bigots should not be congratulated for their good points, nor called progressives, nor radicals, nor a breath of fresh air, nor reformers. Progressive should not be saying, as they do when they support Pope Francis, that sexism and homophobia – at least when dressed in religious garb – is OK. (Or at least some religious garb: I haven't noticed progressives touting the good works of otherwise homophobic and sexist Evangelical Christians or ultra-Orthodox Jews or Fundamentalist Muslims.)
Progressives must do better, must not tacitly condone sexism or homophobia. Progressives must insist that women, LGBTQQI folks, low-income people, the disabled, immigrants and refugees and people of all ages and races from all faiths are included by anyone they hold up as a good progressive, not to mention hold up as a good person. Progressives must insist on inclusion of both domestic and global communities. As the nuns taught me, what is right does not end at the water's edge. Progressives need to hold the line: to leave out one is to leave out all. If it's not intersectional, it's not progressive – and it's not right -- even when it's wearing the pope's mitre.
Pope Francis has made many savvy comments about love and service and acceptance that may appeal to our deepest sense of what is right, but in reality, Pope Francis is no more progressive than his predecessors. As Pope Benedict's own secretary, Archbishop Georg Ganswein, has pointed out, the differences between the two are stylistic, not substantive. "I know of no doctrinal statements from Pope Francis which are contrary to the statements of his predecessor. That would be absurd, too. It is one thing to emphasize the pastoral efforts more clearly because the situation requires it. It is something else entirely to make a change in teaching.” In what appears to be a well-orchestrated P.R. effort Pope Francis simply chooses to focus on issues that better resonate with the American public and use softer language to describe unchanged positions.
Advertisement:
To date, American progressives have bought this new tone and offer praise and even adulation. Why are they willing to grade Pope Francis on a curve? Doing so is not just wrong, but dangerous. Promoting Pope Francis as a reformer only increases the Catholic Church's ability to raise money and exert influence, usually in ways antithetical to progressive ideals. Perhaps the most dangerous byproduct of the left's love of Pope Francis is more effective fundraising by the Church in the United States from Catholics who feel more positively toward the Pope as they see him heralded by the left and believe he is more in step with their positions. As I previously pointed out, about a third of the Catholic Church's charitable contributions come from U.S. Catholics. The more popular the pope, the easier it is for the Church to raise money and promote anti-progressive policies and lobby against progressive reforms and initiatives around the world.
While I take significant issue with the positions of the Catholic Church, I take no issue with the pope's advocacy of these issues. It is his job to do what he sees fits to advance the Church. He believes that means denying full rights to those with “homosexual tendencies,” placing limits on positions available to women and protecting pedophiles. It is his right to rally the Church to oppose women's reproductive rights and equality for gays and lesbians. Furthermore, it is sound strategy on his part (albeit for a bad cause) to obfuscate these positions in the United States where they are unpopular and instead focus on issues like climate change, poverty and refugee crises that sync to the values of the majority of American Catholics.
The problem I have is not with Pope Francis, per se, but with progressives and members of the media who have embraced him. Three-quarters of self-identified liberals view this pope favorably. They credit him with bringing about great change despite the fact that it just hasn't happened. They believe he is something that he is not. For instance, among Catholics that support same-sex marriage, only 36 percent thought Francis was opposed to it, while 49 percent said he supports it. For the record, Pope Francis and the Catholic Church are against same-sex marriage. Progressive defenders of Pope Francis are also wrong when they argue that even the pope cannot change the Catholic Church overnight. In reference to making a change about ordination of women, Robert McClory points out in the National Catholic Reporter that “[a]nyone can open the door with the right key. And in the tradition of Catholicism, who holds the keys?”
American Catholics have the luxury to often simply ignore Catholic doctrine with which they disagree. Despite the church's prohibition, 98 percent of sexually experienced Catholic women of childbearing years have used birth control. Ignoring Catholic doctrine is not an option around the world where the Catholic Church has enormous influence on restricting access to birth control and preventing abortion access and is the largest non-governmental healthcare provider. American progressives are helping the Catholic Church, which runs more than one-quarter of the world's healthcare facilities, to implement global policies they would find unacceptable if implemented here. Rallying for reproductive rights in the United States while funding healthcare providers that deny those rights overseas is an abomination.
Advertisement:
The Catholic Church also exerts great influence within the United States. The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops filed an amicus brief with the Supreme Court supporting Hobby Lobby in its successful effort to be exempt from a law based on the religious beliefs. The Catholic Church continues to fight efforts in several states to extend or eliminate the statute of limitations for reporting child sexual abuse. The Catholic Church has also actively lobbied against embryonic stem cell research.
According to the Pew Research Center “[a]bout one-in-five religious advocacy organizations in Washington have a Roman Catholic perspective.” The same report explains that in 2009 the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops alone spent about $27 million on “policy activity expenses,” placing that just behind AIPAC and ahead of the Family Research Council in spending by religion-related advocacy organizations. While the Church refuses to disclose the exact amount it spends on anti-choice lobbying efforts at the state and federal level in the U.S., the Church wields tremendous influence over abortion legislation.
These are the efforts the liberal Catholics and progressives of any faith are tacitly supporting when they support Pope Francis. What other world leader is hailed as a reformer while pushing such an agenda?
Advertisement:
To be progressive means something. According to the American Values Project, progressive political values can be summarized as a belief in “freedom with opportunity for all, responsibility from all, and cooperation among all.” When we salute Pope Francis, we fail as progressives. This pope does not include all.
While I wish he were more honest, rather than try to hide the church's less-popular positions behind softer language, Pope Francis isn't wrong to advocate for the positions in which he and the Catholic Church believe. Pope Francis described himself as both “a little naïve” and “a little furbo”—shrewd, clever, even tricky. It is certainly furbo to convince one's opponents that you share their beliefs. Progressives – and savvy media -- should know better than to fall for his act.
Progressives should require that Pope Francis, or any leader, meet a minimum standard — to support equal opportunity regardless of race, gender, sexuality, class, disability and migrant/refugee status. To fail in any of these categories is, quite simply, to fail. And Pope Francis certainly fails. Progressives can do better than to laud this man. Progressives can be intersectional in our approach. One of the tenets of social justice I was taught in Catholic school was that we are all in chains until we are all free, as any social justice-conscious Jesuit like Pope Francis must realize. It's up to us. Let us go forth to love and serve one another.
The fact is that nobody but Carlos Carrasco knows whether he intended to hit Kevin Youkilis. To his credit, with the command he had that day, if he had intended to hit Youkilis the ball probably would have ended up knee-high on the outside corner. But it was a second offense, both immediately after a home run, so he looks like the lady whose three rich husbands all die of natural causes on the honeymoon.
Since the penalty for this has to take intent into account, it becomes by definition a subjective judgment. To be honest, the fact that Carrasco is Latino probably works against him. We all read a bunch of articles describing him as “immature” and a “hothead,” labels that would never be used if this had happened to Justin Masterson—who, by the way, hit thirteen batters last year without any talk of a suspension. You wonder how many of the people who wrote those articles have ever had a conversation with Carrrasco, or if they all just jumped to conclusions. It is virtually certain that he is now lumped into a category with other Latinos like Carlos Zambrano who had difficulty controlling their emotions, so that he will never get the benefit of the doubt in this kind of situation.
Subjective discipline like these sucks. Everyone who has a sibling knows that it is never meted out consistently (I was the one who always got off easier). Carrasco will miss only one start, so the impact on the pennant race is minimal, assuming the Indians are actually in the race. But there will be a week this season where they are shorthanded, and we don't know exactly how it will impact them. More importantly, if at any point in the next few years Carrasco is involved in this type of fracas again, he will be treated as an habitual offender, and they will throw the book at him.
So, if it is indeed true that this was an accident, it may turn out to have an unjust impact on Carrasco's entire career. The way to avoid such situations is to make the punishments objective, thereby taking the element of intent out of the equation. It may seem unfair to have pitchers face consequences for acts they may not have had control over, but that happens all the time in sports. Colt McCoy ducked just as James Harrison was about to hit him, and a rib shot turned into a headshot and a suspension. I could make the case that Youkilis generally stands with his front elbow in the strike zone, making him more likely to get hit, which should impact the punishment given to anyone who hits him, but that is never taken into account.
So let's just say that any hit batsman is going to result in a penalty, which has to be severe enough to deter it but not enough to inordinately impact a game or a season. The present penalty of first base obviously has never stopped pitchers who wanted to extract payback for something. How about two bases? That may cause a situation where a hitter tries to get hit, and you would be back to the whole subjective thing, like flopping in basketball. Maybe we just say that any hit batsman results in an ejection. No, then we would have a 400-pound guy on the roster just to have his belly sag over the plate, and he would lead off every time Justin Verlander pitched.
There may be a model for this in the NBA. The NBA found several years ago that certain players were receiving extraordinary amounts of technical fouls for arguing with referees. Obviously the one point it may have cost his teams did not deter Rasheed Wallace from going for it when the impulse struck. However, since technicals are assessed subjectively, the league did not want to assess a penalty that might have a more significant impact on the outcome of a game (because, you know, people bet on these games). The solution they came up with was to say that after 16 technical fouls in one season, the player would miss one game. Sixteen is a lot of technicals, so this may seem lenient, but the player will then miss another game for every two technical fouls after that, so a player who has, say, 41 technicals, which Wallace actually did in one season, would miss thirteen games.
So a player who is a chronic offender ends up having a serious impact on his team's ability to win games, but a guy who just loses it once or twice will face the regular penalty. I assume there is still a rule in place giving the commissioner discretion to deal more severely with players who go crazy—the chair throwers, the F-bombers, and the guys who make physical contact with the refs.
This would work for hit batsmen. If you hit a guy once or twice a year, you deserve the benefit of the doubt, regardless of the situation. If you hit 20 guys a year, we should assume that you have anger management problems or a lack of command. So I propose that we pick a number and say that if you hit that many guys a year, you will miss five games. Like the NBA, every hit batsman or two after that point will result in additional penalties. What should the threshold be? Well, the Major League leader hit 14 last year, so I would say let's do half of that. Seven hit batsmen results in an automatic five-game suspension, and every two HBPs after that result in another five games.
Under this scenario 48 pitchers would have faced suspensions last year, and 25 would have been suspended at least twice. That seems like too much, so maybe the minimum threshold for suspension should be 10. That is enough so that a pitcher can go through a wild stretch and still not be on the verge of a suspension, but there is not enough leeway that a guy can be a headhunter and not face consequences.
There are holes in this, of course. If I get to Labor Day with two or three hit batsmen, I can be a headhunter the rest of the year; then again, if you played by the rules all year, you should get rewarded. The larger hole is relief pitchers. A guy who pitchers 60 innings a year is not going to get enough opportunities to hit batters that he will ever face any penalties. Nor will a guy who gets called up from the minors in July or August. I must confess that I don't have an answer to those questions, so this is not a perfect solution, but it is better than what we have now, and it can be adapted if need be if there is a way to fill in these gaps.
Picture Commander provides a way to select an image from a gallery on one device and have that image automatically displayed on the screen of a remote device. No fancy apps are necessary, this is completely implemented with modern web technology (hooray for Server-Sent Events). All you need is a browser.
The way it works is the following: there's one “admin” view ( /gallery handler) and one “display” view ( /viewer handler). Clicking on images in the gallery automatically replaces the displayed image on viewer screens (no page refresh needed). You provide a path to an image folder on server startup. The server will recursively collect all images in that folder hierarchy and present them in the gallery.
This is super-useful when projecting one browser tab to a different screen with say a Chromecast since the gallery tab can then control the projected one. You can also have multiple viewer devices/browsers connected at the same time and they'll all be updated.
Example of running the server:
./server.py --images_folder = ./test_images --port = 8080 --host = localhost
Then go to http://localhost:8080/gallery for the admin view and to http://localhost:8080/viewer for the viewer page. Tested with the latest Chrome, Firefox and Safari across desktop, Nexus 5/7/9 and iPad.
I need this for running my local Dungeons & Dragons game; as a DM, I want to show the players pictures of maps, characters and other stuff without exposing filenames or thumbnails of pictures that they aren't supposed to see yet. I was surprised to find that there was no simple and easy way to do this so I wrote Picture Commander.
Picture Commander is free and open-source under the Apache v2 License. Enjoy!
Tips
Grünkern is a traditional ingredient, that is normally being used for whole foods, vegan patties or soups. It is made out of spelt, that is being harvested half ripe (around June or July). After that the green spelt is being dried over a beechwood fire, that gives the grain its typical smokey taste.
It is rich in fibre, contains around ten percent of protein and a lot of iron as well. Usually I use a kind, that is already ground and resembles buckwheat. Outside of Germany it is not easy to find, but some organic stores offer it. In my case I was lucky, that my sister`s boyfriend brought a few kilos during his last trip to Portugal.
The preparation of grünkern resembles the preparation of dried soy: Simply put it in hot, slightly salted water and let it sit for ten until fifteen minutes. After that drain it and fry it!
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2013 December 5
Planetary Nebula Abell 7
Image Credit & Copyright: Don Goldman
Explanation: Very faint planetary nebula Abell 7 is some 1,800 light-years distant, just south of Orion in planet Earth's skies in the constellation Lepus, The Hare. Surrounded by Milky Way stars and near the line-of-sight to distant background galaxies, its generally simple spherical shape, about 8 light-years in diameter, is outlined in this deep telescopic image. Within its confines are beautiful, more complex details enhanced by the use of narrowband filters. Emission from hydrogen and nitrogen is shown in reddish hues with oxygen emission mapped to a bluish-green color, giving Abell 7 a more natural appearance that would otherwise be much too faint to be appreciated by eye. A planetary nebula represents a very brief final phase in stellar evolution that our own Sun will experience 5 billion years hence, as the nebula's central, once sun-like star shrugs off its outer layers. Abell 7 itself is estimated to be 20,000 years old. Its central star is seen here as a fading white dwarf some 10 billion years old.
Striker breaks ranks with German football federation, who had warned that coming out could destroy a player's career
A leading German footballer has urged gay players to come out and called for a radical rethink about homosexuality in the sport.
The Bayern Munich striker Mario Gomez has broken ranks with the football establishment, including members of his own team and the German football federation, who have warned that coming out could destroy a player's career.
But Gomez, who has not said whether he is gay, told a German magazine that being honest about their sexuality would improve gay players' performance.
"They would play as if they had been liberated," Gomez said. "Being gay should no longer be a taboo topic."
The 25-year-old, who was voted German footballer of the year in 2006-7, added that there were plenty of role models in the rest of German society to give gay players the courage to come out. "We've got a gay vice-chancellor [Guido Westerwelle]; the Berlin mayor [Klaus Wowereit] is gay. So professional footballers should own up to their preference," he said.
There are no openly gay players in Germany's Bundesliga, reflecting the situation across the football world, although it is estimated that about 10% of players are gay.
The only German footballer to have come out is Marcus Urban, who told his teammates in 1997 and promptly ended his professional career. The 39-year-old waited until 2007 before going public with his story, saying he had hoped to encourage other gay players and trainers to come out and thus contribute to more acceptance and tolerance in football.
Gomez is the first leading player to urge his homosexual colleagues to go public. Others have been vehemently against such a move, saying it would harm a footballer's career.
In an interview this year, Tim Wiese, who plays in goal for the national team and Werder Bremen, advised gay players against coming out, saying they would be "destroyed" by "merciless fans".
"Despite the fact that it now has lots of female fans, football is still a macho sport," he said.
Philipp Lahm, a defender for Bayern Munich who captained the German team at the World Cup in South Africa, told Playboy magazine in an interview that players would be unable to cope with the pressure of outing themselves. "A player who chooses to out himself has to carry out his job in front of tens of thousands of spectators."
The German football federation (DFB) said that while it was campaigning against homophobia in football and would support any player who chose to come out, it could not ignore the problems that would accompany such a decision.
"The first homosexual who outs himself in professional football will not have an easy time of it," said DFB president Theo Zwanziger. "I had thought it would not be the case, because in politics, art and culture it is no longer a problem. Even amateur football deals with it better, but professional football appears to be more set in its ways."
Gomez's comments were made in a week in which German football has been reflecting on the death a year ago of national goalkeeper Robert Enke, who suffered from chronic depression and killed himself.
Enke's death has contributed to a new spirit of openness in the sport, including encouraging players to have the courage to share their personal problems.
The only British footballer to have outed himself while active in the sport was Justin Fashanu in 1990. The Sun newspaper paid him a six-figure sum to run the headline: "I am gay." Fashanu killed himself in 1998 after a 17-year-old boy accused him of sexual assault, a charge he denied.
Duke has landed a commitment from the #52 player in the Class of 2016, 4-Star ATH Scott Bracey. He told BlueDevilLair this morning after making the decision that Duke was too good of an opportunity to pass up.
"I feel like this is the start of something big," Bracey said. "This is the era of Duke Football. I want to be a part of it."
Choosing the Blue Devils this morning over a number of offers from traditional college football powers, 4-Star ATH Scott Bracey became the first member of Duke's 2016 recruiting class. Bracey, out of Benedictine High School in Richmond, VA, was recruited by running backs coach Re'quan Boyette.
According to 247Sports.com National College Football Recruiting Analyst Ryan Bartow, Bracey is a perfect fit for Duke. "Super student. Physical. Big time upside. Has an edge to him. Explosive. Will play QB as a junior but is a wideout with tremendous size, skill and speed. One of the nation's elite 2016 wide receivers. For Duke, it's their biggest commit in the modern era."
Bracey committed to Duke over offers from Michigan, Penn State, Ohio State, Florida State, Michigan State, Notre Dame and many more. He is rated a 97.47 by the 247Sports Composite Rankings, which makes him the #52 player in the nation, the #2 player in the state of Virginia and the #2 ATH in his class.
This is the highest rated player Duke Football has ever landed on the recruiting trail. According to Bartow, it's a statement to the college football landscape as well. "This is as big of a recruiting coup as there is nationally for the 2016 cycle and one of the most impressive upset pulls I've seen in the last ten years."
Landing Bracey as the first player in the 2016 class will pay huge dividends for Duke in this cycle, as they will look to build around him with more talented players. While not complete, the Blue Devils already have the best recruiting class in program history in 2015, ranking 22nd nationally and fifth in the ACC.
Broadcaster NDR have sent out a press release revealing the result of last night's Superfinal. Andreas Kümmert and his entry “Heart of Stone” won last night with a massive 78.7% of the votes, whereas this year's Wildcard entrant Ann Sophie only got 21.3% with her entry “Black Smoke”.
Andreas Kümmert says NO
As we all know, Andreas picked up the microphone after his win and unexpectedly declined the Eurovision offer due to personal reasons, and decided to hand it over to Ann Sophie. Host Barbara Schöneberger looked shocked — and so did Ann Sophie — as Andreas confirmed his decision.
You can watch it all unfold below accompanied with English subtitles, and our reactions to a controversial night.
YOU CAN FOLLOW ALL OF OUR GERMANY EUROVISION NEWS HERE.
According to a major new report from the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS), net employment growth in the United States since 2000 has gone entirely to immigrants, legal and illegal. Using data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, CIS scholars Steven A. Camarota and Karen Zeigler found that there were 127,000 fewer working-age natives holding a job in the first quarter of 2014 than in 2000, while the number of immigrants with a job was 5.7 million above the 2000 level.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The rapidity with which immigrants recovered from the Great Recession, as well as the fact that they held a disproportionate share of jobs relative to their share of population growth before the recession, help to explain their findings, the authors report. In addition, native-born Americans and immigrants were affected differently by the recession.
Other significant findings include:
Because the native-born population grew significantly, but the number working actually fell, there were 17 million more working-age natives not working in the first quarter of 2014 than in 2000. The share of natives working or looking for work, referred to as labor force participation, shows the same decline as the employment rate. In fact, labor force participation has continued to decline for working-age natives even after the jobs recovery began in 2010. Immigrants have made gains across the labor market, including lower-skilled jobs such as maintenance, construction, and food service; middle-skilled jobs like office support and health care support; and high­er-skilled jobs, including management, computers, and health care practitioners. The supply of potential workers is enormous: 8.7 million native college graduates are not working, as are 17 million with some college, and 25.3 million with no more than a high school education.
Advertisement
According to the study, 58 million working-age natives are not employed.
Camarota and Zeigler report three conclusions:
First, the long-term decline in the employment for natives across age and education levels is a clear in­dication that there is no general labor shortage, which is a primary justification for the large increases in immigration (skilled and unskilled) in the Schumer-Rubio bill and similar House proposals. Second, the decline in work among the native-born over the last 14 years of high immigration is consis­tent with research showing that immigration reduces employment for natives. Third, the trends since 2000 challenge the argument that immigration on balance increases job oppor­tunities for natives. Over 17 million immigrants arrived in the country in the last 14 years, yet native employment has deteriorated significantly.
The Center for Immigration Studies is a non-profit research institute. Founded in 1985, the organization is regularly consulted by policymakers, the academic community, and the media on matters of immigration policy.
How did a sedative use in euthanasia end up in cans of a premium brand beef dog food? The company behind the food, Evanger's, would really like to know. So would the owner of three pugs that became sick and one that died after eating cans of Evanger's Hunk of Beef.
Sodium pentobarbital is a sedative and sometimes used to control seizures and for insomnia in humans, but it's most commonly used for euthanasia in cats, dogs, and horses, as well as other farm and companion animals that aren't going to be eaten. It's also used for human euthanasia in localities where that's legal, and has been used for executions by lethal injection.
Because sodium pentobarbital is not intended for use in livestock that will eventually be consumed, everyone wants to know how it ended up in these cans of dog food. Evanger's says it is investigating, but currently believes its beef supplier is the likely source.
The food came to the manufacturer's and public's attention after a family in Washington state fed a can of the food to their four pugs in early January, and all of the dogs immediately became ill. One of the dogs didn't survive, and the other three spent time in veterinary intensive care before they recovered. They're the only dogs known to be affected.
Lab tests showed pentobarbital in one lot of food, but the company is recalling four other lots to be safe. The product in question is Hunk of Beef canned food, and affected lot numbers are 1816E03HB, 1816E04HB, 1816E06HB, 1816E07HB, and 1816E13HB. The cans were manufactured in June 2016, and have an expiration date of June 2020.
Affected food was distributed to Washington, California, Minnesota, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, Massachusetts, Maryland, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.
Symptoms of accidental consumption of pentobarbital in dogs include drowsiness, dizziness, excitement, loss of balance, or nausea, and a large enough dose can cause death.
“All Evanger's suppliers of meat products are USDA approved,” the company said in its statement. “This beef supplier provides us with beef chunks from cows that are slaughtered in a USDA facility. We continue to investigate how this substance entered our raw material supply.”
If you have any cans in the affected lots, return them to the store for a refund. If you have any questions about the recall, contact Evanger's at 1-847-537-0102.
OKLAHOMA, OK, January 29, 2014 – Oklahoma Republicans are rallying libertarians across the country, calling for the state to end its formal relationship with married couples.
The legislation, put forward by Representative Mike Turner (R-82), is the first of its kind, and would leave the question of marriage to secular or religious institutions and two (or more) consenting adults.
The problem is the government granted incentives that come with marriage. Those incentives, from tax to estate protection, are removed when government granted marriage is removed.
At the root of the Oklahoma marriage controversy is gay marriage. In 2004, Oklahoma enacted State Question 711 that introduced a constitutional ban on gay marriage within the state. But earlier this month, U.S. District Judge Terence Kern ruled that the gay marriage ban was unconstitutional.
The right's reaction was swift: remove government from marriage altogether. Eliminating the government's involvement, and governmental benefits, would be absurdly costly and extraordinarily difficult to enforce. Marriage comes with over 1,100 benefits, including expedited immigration status, joint parental rights, and military benefits.
Removing government recognized marriage would raise taxes, as it would eradicate marriage tax benefits, for millions of Oklahomans.
The reality is that the United States, or any state within the U.S., cannot do away with marriage without great swaths of people unduly suffering. So many people rely on the laws involved in marriage that it would be unjust to remove them without any tapering whatsoever.
In fact, the only option that reduces the government's legitimacy in marriage is offering the contract to everyone—and I mean everyone. Polygamists, brothers and sisters, and best friends alike could marry under the state. Why? Because marriage from the state is simply nothing more than a civil contract with benefits of legal joinder.
Marriage through the church or other religious institutions means something far more, carrying with it emotional bonds and benefits.
Only allowing everyone to marry through the government, brothers, sisters, cousins, groups, makes the government's marriage meaningless, as marriage benefits would be available to anyone, including those who chose to marry themselves. The government would do away with accusations of discrimination and inability to freely associate.
In the US there are over 32 million single heads of households that would benefit from access to marriage tax benefits such as tax shelters, IRA for jobless spouses, work place health insurance costs and benefits, enhanced charitable deductions and estate protection to name just a few.
Oklahoma should not even entertain the idea of removing the government from marriage. Instead, the state should expand marriage to extend its benefits to any couple willing to enter into a marriage contract.
Should Oklahomans really want to defend the sanctity of marriage, they should make the government's involvement in marriage so meaningless that only private marriages have social capital.
Removing government from marriage is, at this point, a libertarian pipe dream. The benefits that marriage provides are just too good. And that marriage law is intimately tied to federal issues—from naturalization of American citizens to social security—prohibits any kind of government removal from marriage.
The Oklahoma legislation to remove government from marriage will not pass—nor should it. Our society relies too heavily on the benefits that the government provides married people.
Until that entire system is questioned and then tapered down, government as the third party in marriage is here to stay.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are excited to announce that the state of Delaware has officially introduced SCR 31 - the Convention of States resolution!
Prime Sponsor, Senator Lawson filed the resolution, that if passed, will apply for a “Convention of the States under Article V of the United States Constitution to propose certain amendments relating to the federal government.”
Check out the full resolution here.
In the past year, hundreds of thousands of Americans have engaged with the Convention of States Project, expressing disgust with an abusive and runaway federal government.
In the 2015 legislative session, thirty-six states introduced the resolution and began discussing the merits of calling a Convention of States. So far, discussions have resulted in House victories in Arizona, Arkansas, North Dakota, New Mexico, Iowa, Louisiana, and Texas, Senate victories in Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Missouri, and final passage in Alabama.
Leadership in Delaware plans on spending the next year educating legislators and constituents about the merits of a Convention of States before the resolution is heard in committee in 2016.
To get involved, sign the Convention of States Petition and tell your state legislators it's time for them to uphold their constitutional duty and take action to limit the ever-growing power of the federal government!
The requirements for obtaining a marriage license in the state of New York are rather boring. Each person has to be at least 18 years old or have parental consent (and in no case will the state issue a marriage license to someone under the age of 14). Certain close relatives can't marry, and people who are currently married to other people are similarly ineligible to marry someone else. And you have to fork over $40. But really, it's pretty straightforward, as one would expect.
But to participate in a particular marriage ceremony in the Madhya Pradesh, a state in India, one needed to prove something else. The groom needed to show that his domicile comes with a toilet.
Really.
Earlier this year, Madhya Pradesh officials conducted a mass marriage ceremony as a way to provide a way for women from poor families to wed their would-be grooms. It's a program that has been around since 2006 or 2007. The recent ceremony attracted just under 200 couples to the proverbial (but in this case, non-existent) altar, and the program has seen nearly 2,000 economically poor couples enter into marriage this way in about a year's time. And the state is using it as an opportunity to fix another problem. By requiring that the grooms first send in a picture of their commode before issuing a marriage license, the government is incentivizing the start of a cultural change via infrastructure improvements.
According to the World Toilet Organization — yes, there's a World Toilet Organization (and it's actually a pretty serious charity) — there are about 2.5 billion people without access to a functioning, private toilet. Most of them live in developing regions and are very poor, and the fledgling families described above are no exception. A recent survey suggests that half of all Indian households lack a toilet, which is a major public health issue. As Fast Company points out, improperly disposed of fecal matter is the largest killer of children across the world, claiming over 1.4 million young lives a year. According to a 2007 report by Bloomberg, India, collectively, accumulated as much as 100,000 tons of “human excrement” in fields each day.
So far, we don't know whether the toilets-for-marriage licenses program will have an effect on the problem. But the problem is significant enough to warrant this otherwise absurd-sounding requirement.
Bonus fact : Ghana is looking at another way of dealing with the same problem. But their solution doesn't involve marriage. It involves recycling. According to GOOD, “fecal sludge” (their words) may be able to be used as an industrial fuel of sorts — basically, a (rather gross) biodiesel. The theory is that if that happens, markets would form to purchase the sludge before it became an everyday pollutant, thereby creating the financial incentive necessary to prevent haphazard dumping of latrines. The initiative is backed by the Gates Foundation, which also put together this must-watch PSA describing the problem.
From the Archives: A Spy's Doody: You probably don't want to read this one. It's kind of gross. Another choice? Groom Kidnapping: Also from India.
Related: For your wedding registry, if you're going to be a groom in one of the above-described weddings.
It's not something you see every day: a police officer in full uniform ripping it up at the skate park. But for Bellevue's officer Craig Hanaumi, it's a weekly habit, at least.
For the 10-year veteran of the Bellevue force, his trips to the indoor skate park off Bel-Red Road aren't just fun. He's the Crossroads Community Station Officer, and outreach like that is part of his job.
Listen to Bellevue ‘Cool Cop' rebuilds trust, one kick flip at a time
He grew up skating in Hawaii, but Hanaumi hadn't touched a board in two decades, until a few years ago when he got a nuisance call about skaters filming tricks in a bank parking lot. Instead of just kicking them out, he asked what moves they were doing and even tried out one of their boards.
He still had to escort them off bank property, but those few extra minutes chatting them up made all the difference. The skaters had filmed the whole interaction and it blew up on YouTube, with hundreds of commenters calling him “the cool cop,” saying that maybe police officers aren't so bad after all.
So, Hanaumi started cruising by skate parks, where he met Akash Rishi. Rishi works at the city-owned indoor Skate Park and admits he was a little nervous seeing a cop walk in.
“I jokingly said ‘you know, if you want to give it a try, just let me know.' And he was like ‘ah, I'm just here to watch, man,'” says Rishi. “And he totally hustled me. I gave him tips for like 15 minutes straight, finally got him on the board, went out there with him, and he was like ‘okay, okay.' And then just threw it down and went straight down the ramp and just went for it. I was blown away. It was, like, the craziest thing I've ever seen,” says Akash.
That's Hanaumi's secret weapon: he'll play dumb, ask people to teach him something, and before you know it, you forget the uniform and just focus on the person inside it.
Hanaumi says making these kinds of connections is a big emphasis within the Bellevue police department as a whole, whether at the park, helping teach trombone at Newport High School, or teaching free Brazilian Jiu Jitsu self-defense classes.
There are two full-time community station officers devoted to outreach, but everyone on patrol is encouraged to use time between calls to find a way to connect, or take a few extra minutes to get out of the car and talk to the people they serve.
In fact, that's a big reason the department is bringing back bike patrol officers after a five-year hiatus. That extra time being visible deters crime, but also pays off in ways that might not be apparent right away.
For example, Hanaumi recalls one instance when he took the time to befriend a troubled teen with gang ties. that teen then came forward with a tip that broke open a cold case drive-by shooting.
“The reason why that happened was because of all the time that was spent before that trying to build a positive relationship,” says Hanaumi. “And I believe that if that hadn't happened, then that person probably wouldn't have been comfortable coming forward to provide any information.”
Hanaumi also says getting to know more people on the job helps officers relate to them, and can make them more able to de-escalate incidents before they get violent. It's becoming especially helpful around the fast-growing Eastside, which is getting more and more diverse.
However, the extra steps involved in community oriented policing require a lot of resources, and, it can be dangerous.
“To put yourself in the position to build rapport, it's not always the most tactical thing to do. And that's the danger of what we do,” he said, noting that cops don't know what a person is going to do for each different call.
“There are enough circumstances or situations that have happened in other places in the country where officers get ambushed in a way that is, initially, set up to be just like a regular contact of one person and another person talking to each otherm,” Hanaumi said. “And then the gun comes out or the knife comes out, and the officer gets killed.”
Still, the risk is part of the job. And Hanaumi is going to keep going, trying to build trust one kickflip at a time.
“Just being in the same space, and being comfortable – you know, no big deal, we're all the same,” Hanaumi said.
Parents of the boy who got a fake call as a job offer from Google continues to be in agony. The boy — 16-year-old Harshit Sharma — has been diagnosed with ‘confusional psychosis' by an Ambala doctor. While the parents fear for their son's future, they fear being taunted by their colleagues, relatives, and neighbours too, they told HT in Chandigarh on Monday.
Both the parents are teachers. Both of them agree to the fact that the principal of Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 33, Chandigarh, the boy's alma mater, should not have released the news without confirming it from them. “I am a principal too. I know the responsibility,” said Rajinder K Sharma, Harshit's father. The family belongs to Kurukshetra in Haryana.
It was on July 29 that the UT administration released a press note about Harshit's purported achievement. The release claimed that the internet giant Google would pay him Rs 12 lakh per month as salary after a year's training. During training, it was claimed he will get a stipend of Rs 4 lakh per month. The school had first released a press note, and the administration had followed. However, three days later, Google denied having offered paid training and job to Harshit.
Even now, question remains over the “offer letter” that the school has provided to the media, claiming that Harshit had forwarded it to a teacher. The letter has several mistakes and does not contain any salary details.
Yet, the parents have now said they “do not want to blame the principal” as they think “she probably did it in excitement, feeling it's the best for the school”. “But the principal has not contacted us even now, when it's all over the news that Harshit is in hospital,” said the mother, Bharti Sharma
“I too am a teacher. Whenever a student wins a competition, we create a report of the achievement, have comments from the parents, and then we release the news to the press,” she added.
The boy was discharged from Patnaik Hospital, Ambala, on August 7. The report provided by the parents says that the boy was admitted on August 2. Dr RK Patnaik diagnosed him with confusional psychosis, a state in which the patient has delusions. “The boy was brought here in a confused state. He did not recognise anyone. He kept refusing food, and did not cooperate. Now the boy has recovered a little,” said Dr Patnaik.
Harshit's father already has a medical condition and is being treated at Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh. He has been operated upon four times to remove a bone from his brain, according to the family. He had stitches all over his face, and could not speak properly.
“We did not inform the principal about any such news. I get so many fake calls on my phone but I do not believe those calls. If the child had gone to the principal, she should have called us,” said Rajinder.
The doctor has suggested keeping the boy away from mobile phones, TV, and the media as it might remind him of the incident. Parents said that they are now being taunted by everyone, including relatives, which has made it really difficult for the boy to recover.
“We had acquired a good reputation in such a long time. We are not even rich, so to say. This incident has shattered our lives. I am now thinking of resigning from the college. I don't know how I will face my students,” said the father.
The boy has been taken to a relative's place to recover. Parents fear for his future as well as look for ways to help themselves come out of this incident. “We have told the boy not to lose heart, we are with him,” said the father.
First Published: Aug 08, 2017 18:44 IST
Fraser Forster feels Southampton must add depth to build on a season of mixed emotions
Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster believes the club faces an important summer ahead, as he reflects on a "season of almosts".
Saints finished their Premier League campaign inside the top half of the table for the fourth year running, ending what has been a season of ups and downs with an eighth-place finish, two spots lower and 17 points fewer than last year.
After exiting their first Europa League campaign at the group stage and narrowly missing out against Manchester United in the EFL Cup final, Forster admits the club could have achieved more and should now focus on strengthening a talented squad.
"We've had a bit of a tough season. It's been a season of almosts," he told Sky Sports.
Despite some clear chances for Claude Puel's side, it was Manchester United who came out on top to win the EFL Cup
"We should have done a bit better in the Europa League. We should have probably got out of the group, but it was a fantastic experience for the club.
"When you look at how other teams have done when they've played Europa League and Premier League as well, they've tended to struggle. We've just lacked a bit of consistency."
Forster eyes up Liverpool's James Milner before saving the midfielder's spot-kick
Following the disappointment of an early European exit at the hands of underdogs Hapoel Be'er Sheva in December, attention soon turned to the League Cup as Forster helped guide Southampton to impressive wins over Arsenal and Liverpool to set up a Wembley clash against United.
But, despite the best efforts of an inspired Saints side, Jose Mourinho's team triumphed 3-2 to extend Southampton's wait for a first major trophy since their famous FA Cup victory against United in 1976.
"It's been a strange campaign for us. We did really well in the League Cup, but we didn't win it in the end," said Forster, who kept 14 clean sheets after playing every minute of the Saints' league outings.
Forster played every game of Southampton's 2016/17 league campaign
"Getting to Wembley and the EFL Cup final was fantastic for us but, equally, if you get to a final you want to win it and I also think for us it would have been fantastic to have finished in the European places again."
The England international, who has six caps to his name, is no stranger to top-flight European competition.
During his time at Celtic, Forster featured in two consecutive Champions League campaigns and came up against some of the world's best, helping the Hoops to a historic 2-1 win over Barcelona in 2012.
Now, the 29-year-old has his sights firmly set on achieving European football again and, as the summer transfer window approaches, hopes the club will seek to add strength in depth if they are to mount a challenge next season.
"It will be an important summer for the club and I think, you look at the Europa League experience, and once we've had a taste of that a club wants to be there every year and we all do," he added.
Southampton's Europa League journey came to an abrupt end after a 1-1 draw with Israeli side Hapoel Be'er Sheva
"I think it will be a big summer for us and hopefully, a couple of players will come in and add a bit more depth to the squad."
Forster stressed the importance of holding onto key players during the transfer window, but admits it's difficult to prevent heads from being turned when strong individual performances consequently attract interest from other clubs.
"When you look at how good our squad is and how fantastic some of the players have been, it's always important to keep your main players whatever club you're at," he said.
"If we can do that then that will serve us a good foundation for having a good season next year.
"Obviously it's hard for players when big clubs come in for them and it's obviously been off the back of them having a great season themselves.
"When you speak to everyone at the club and what they want to achieve, there's no reason why we can't keep those players and achieve those things together."
This morning in the Jackson Sun, weekend editor Jason Tippitt, declares “Congressman Wamp, we have a problem….”
You can't choose your family. But you, congressman, have chosen The Family, and that's a problem. That townhouse where you live in Washington with the other lawmakers – it's registered as a church, but it seems more like an apartment complex – and the group called The Family that owns it, frankly, scare me a bit. The Family's story is detailed by journalist Jeff Sharlet in a book titled “The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power,” and its author has been all over the airwaves lately as some of your roommates and ex-roommates have gotten in trouble. South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford lived there. Nevada's Sen. John Ensign still does. Both cheated on their wives, and there's possibly financial hanky panky at work as well. People are people. And I can understand your reluctance to judge your friends when the Knoxville News Sentinel asked for a quote earlier this summer.
He continues to speculate about the hypocrisy behind the difference in the standards that Bill Clinton and the latest straying Republican politicians have been held to, but then steps back to look at the whole picture.
What really scares me about The Family is the broader ideology described by Sharlet. When a supposedly Christian group's leader speaks favorably of Hitler and Pol Pot as people who wielded power effectively, when I hear about palling around with third-world dictators, I start wondering where the Sermon on the Mount figures in. When I hear the leader said that if a member of The Family molested a child, the others should stand by him, that troubles me more. As it should trouble you, given your past support of the CARE Act. Now, true, a lot of the Republican voters you're counting on to help you win the governor's office aren't going to be watching Rachel Maddow on MSNBC. They won't be listening to the Rev. Barry Lynn interview Sharlet on his radio program “Culture Shock.” They've probably never heard of Killing the Buddha, a religion Web site where Sharlet's a regular contributor, and I doubt they've read his book…. We have a problem. You've got to decide whether you want to be a Family man or win over Tennessee families. I have to decide whether I made a mistake in thinking you were a conservative I could consider voting for if the Democrats trot out a lackluster cannon fodder candidate with no track record fighting for our state's children. I suggest you break ties with these people before the voters break ties with you.
Read the entire editorial here.
Israel reportedly rejected a Palestinian proposal last summer to hold clandestine negotiations in which the two sides would outline the future borders of a Palestinian state.
According to an Israel Radio report Sunday, the Palestinian Authority proposed a series of closed-door meetings, only at the end of which the two sides would announce a deal.
The proposal was pitched in a meeting between then-interior minister Silvan Shalom and top Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat in Jordan on July 24, 2015.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The secret meetings, were held in July in various European and Middle Eastern cities, including Paris and Amman. The Amman meeting was described as a “trust-building” move.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas sought to jump start peace talks in September 2014 with a precondition of setting the future borders of a Palestinian state at the beginning of negotiations.
Shalom, then Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's point man on peace talks, said at a security conference in July that the delineation of borders between Israel and a future Palestinian state must not be determined at the start of peace talks. As soon as the Palestinians would get territorial assurances for a state, he argued, they would become unwilling to compromise on other core issues that need to be resolved, such as security arrangements, Jerusalem and refugees.
Shalom resigned as interior minister last week amid allegations of sexual harassment by former employees.
Official American-mediated peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians broke down in April 2014 with each side accusing the other of violating the terms of the negotiations. Erekat claimed in 2014 that the real reason for the breakdown of formal talks was the failure to reach an agreement on borders.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians have run high ever since, including a bloody war in summer 2014 in the Gaza Strip, and an ongoing wave of clashes and near-daily terror attacks on Israeli security forces and civilians.
The multi-film and TV miniseries adaptation of Stephen King‘s epic novel cycle The Dark Tower isn't dead yet, and it could end up marking the reunion of director Ron Howard and his A Beautiful Mind star Russell Crowe. The latter spent a few years not making a big impact on screen, but he's got two big films next year: Man of Steel, in which he plays Superman's father Jor-El, and Darren Aronofsky's Noah, in which he plays the title character.
Now, as Warner Bros. receives Akiva Goldsman‘s latest script for the opening salvo in The Dark Tower project, and decides whether or not to move forward, Crowe is in Howard's sights to play the central character, the gunslinger Roland Deschain.
Deadline reports that within the next two weeks Warners will make a decision on whether to greenlight the very ambitious adaptation that was cut loose from Universal and developed without a studio until Warners started getting interested months ago.
Javier Bardem, who was attached to play Deschain for some time, through multiple stages of the difficult project, is no longer set for the role, says Deadline. And so Howard, Goldsman, and producer Brian Grazer are looking to Crowe. That ain't a bad choice. He doesn't offer the subtle intrigue that Bardem might have brought to the part, but it isn't at all difficult to see Crowe making the Gunslinger his own.
There's no paperwork to tie Crowe to the project now — there's no official go code on The Dark Tower anyway, as mentioned, but reportedly he's the one that WB will be crunching numbers around as the studio decides whether or not to commit to adapting the sprawling series. Howard, Grazer and Goldsman are still planning to make three films and two short TV series to adapt King's books. (Guess that means that Warners likes him in the Superman film.)
There was talk at one point that HBO might be the broadcast home for the TV portion of the adaptation, and that seems like it continues to be a possibility, but there is no confirmation either way at this point. Once WB makes a decision either way, we're likely to get more news.
Part of a miscellany of serious thoughts, animal gifs, and anecdotage from the realm of MOBAs/hero brawlers/lane-pushers/ARTS/tactical wizard-em-ups. One day Pip might even tell you the story of how she bumped into Na'Vi's Dendi at a dessert buffet cart.
Just prior to The International 4 one of the professional teams – Fnatic – was engaged in a frantic back-and-forth with Valve. The discussion (and thus, this week's column) centred on team substitutions. Specifically whether Fnatic was allowed to compete at TI4 with Steve ‘Excalibur' Ye taking the place of their invited carry player Adrian ‘Era' Kryeziu. The swap was being pursued by Fnatic because Era's recent health concerns, including panic attacks, had put his ability to travel to Seattle and compete in doubt. Valve's response was unequivocal. Fnatic had to attend with their invited lineup or they couldn't compete.
I've read through the email chain which Valve posted online several times since then. It was clearly a difficult situation for both parties. Valve had received an email from Era himself saying he was ready to compete but that his team thought they would do better with a substitute and so it would be reasonable to worry about a player being pushed out of a roster thanks to internal politicking. It's an email which Era later describes as having been written in a “very frustrated and confused mental state” and “without first considering my actual condition, whether or not I'd be physically capable of traveling and playing by July.”
Another problem was that Fnatic's concerns about Era being fit to play were brought to Valve's attention after the European qualifiers for TI4 had taken place. That's significant because the previous year a Chinese team called LGD Gaming had made some roster changes. As a result they lost their direct invite to TI3 but LGD were allowed to compete in their region's qualifiers to earn a spot in Seattle with the altered fivesome.
This is because the direct invites to The International are based on Valve's opinion of the current team lineup. You can see that clearly in another situation from earlier in 2014 which was referenced frequently in the comments and discussion about the Fnatic case. The North American team Evil Geniuses replaced Clinton ‘Fear' Loomis with Mason ‘mason' Venne after an elbow injury stopped Fear from competing. They were allowed to switch Fear's invite for mason's because EG had been playing with mason on their team for a while before The International. Because Valve were familiar with both versions of EG, the company decided they were okay with either one of them attending TI4.
It's now an old situation – part of TI history – but in the post-TI landscape teams are in a state of flux and the scene feels particularly volatile. It's not surprising then that I keep circling back to what the Era/Excalibur situation reveals of the way Valve thinks of a Dota 2 team. I'm increasingly inclined to say it would be healthier to take a lead from another eSport. This is the part where I mention League of Legends and I'm not sure if you'll go with me (you totally should!) or GASP theatrically and close the browser window.
League of Legends takes a lot of its cues from traditional sports – it has seasons, relegations and promotions. That traditional sports mentality extends to the rosters. If you're like me and have sat down with the LCS official rules document [PDF] and a cup of tea you'll know that a team requires a general manager, five players who constitute the starting lineup, and between two and five reserve players. There are also transfer window deadlines like you'll find in professional football, rules about how many players you can pick up from another team from your lineup and so on.
Riot's rules about what constitutes the active roster are set up to avoid a scenario where illness or accident completely derailing a team's performance but combined with the other strictures they speak to a definition of a team which goes beyond five main players. It's no doubt a product of the need for stability when you're trying to run a league rather than a one-off annual event but it contains the idea that the League of Legends Fnatic team can sometimes not be exactly xPeke, sOAZ, Cyanide, Rekkles and YellOwStaR and that's maybe not ideal but it's not an emotional catastrophe. Emotional catastrophe is very much the feeling you get from the Era/Excalibur TI4 email chain.
As an aside: this is not to say Riot's system can cope with all situations. Earlier in the year the company decided to put on a London Roadshow at Wembley which it joyfully announced, only to discover it hadn't given Gambit Gaming enough time to get visas for travel to the UK for four of the main players and that if they tried to get emergency visas they would have to forfeit two weeks of LCS matches on account of not having passports for that period of time. The team ended up fielding the one remaining player from their starting lineup and four free agents (one of whom is now listed on Gambit's official team page as a substitute support player). Not ideal as situations go, but also a thankfully rare one.
Could you apply the League of Legends approach to TI4? Well, as I mentioned earlier, LoL has more of an interest in cultivating that sense of a team as a continuous entity, existing slightly beyond its current constituent players. It needs the stability so it can run the months-long LCS and the Challenger Series leagues. The International is about finding out who's the best Dota 2 team in the world at a given point. I say that because it's the response I've been given by Valve's Erik Johnson at two separate Internationals, once in answer to a general “Why do you International?” question and the other time in response to Alliance being knocked out of the competition before the main event.
When that's the aim of the contest you might not feel the need to consider substitutes because they're not a known quantity. The hope is that there isn't a situation where they would need to step in and play so Valve's direct invite system wouldn't be able to take them into account. mason was a known quantity and thus he was invited. What of the invisible understudies?
In response to the Era/Excalibur situation Valve also said in their response: “At the point where there appears to be other agendas in play, our default position will always be to protect the individual players' ability to compete in the tournament they were invited to.” It's a point which acknowledges that when large amounts of money are at stake individual players might be at risk of unfair treatment. That risk wouldn't vanish with the addition of substitutes, but it might become less visible to tournament administrators.
Lastly, adding reserve player spots to The International could have a knock-on effect on other tournaments. These third-party events may end up needing to change their rules and procedures to either take account of these extra potential players or to forbid them.
It's a situation with no ideal solution. But reading through that email chain again last night and watching as team lineups shudder and convulse I feel like giving teams the ability to make substitutions and to exist beyond a five-person stack would be a far healthier option.
Today at 3h30 local there was a 2.6 earthquake in the Netherlands. Right after the earthquake a sky watcher that was watching the skies above Groningen for the last couple of days shot this amazing footage of a UFO that was clearly shot down right after the earthquake.
The raw video shows us an object falling down while it's attemping to correct it course. It appears that it's main propulsion system is down but it's trying to gain altitube to boosting some kind of trusters. The video shows the object in a falling trajectory, while it's attempting to regain control of it's propulsion system.
The sky watcher tried to shoot as many videos as possible but suddenly the object outsmarts the tracking system and we don't know whether the object crashed to the ground or whether it regained altitude.
The video is unique because it's showing the raw inside of a UFO and it's propulsion technology.
In the chilly caverns of an old South Dakota gold mine, Dan Akerib and Tom Shutt are searching for something far more elusive than the shiny metal that once lured prospectors there.
Their quarry is dark matter.
The two Case Western Reserve University physicists are part of an international scientific team on the hunt for the wispy, barely-there theoretical particles that researchers think account for most of the material in the universe.
Born in the Big Bang, dark matter is the super-glue that binds the cosmos. You can't see or feel its sub-atomic grit, but scientists think dark matter's collective gravitational heft keeps galaxies from flying apart, and likely was the scaffolding on which our Milky Way and its companion star clusters formed. Dark matter is powerful enough to warp the light streaming from distant suns. But its constituent specks – if they exist – are celestial ghosts, sailing cleanly through entire planets, the dense rock walls of gold mines, and our own flesh and bones, with nary a hint of their transit.
So Shutt and Akerib have helped devise and build an audacious $5 million machine called LUX to try to record dark matter's stealthy flyby. Think of it as the world's most sophisticated (and expensive) police radar gun, or a much higher-tech version of those motion-triggered cameras that snap photos of intruding wildlife at night in the garden.
"Obviously it takes a team, but there's a very rich set of skills with the principal investigators at Case that really helped make LUX a reality," said physicist Jaret Heise, the science department director for the Sanford Underground Research Facility, the vast South Dakota facility whose tenants include the dark matter experiment. "They're an extremely hardworking, dedicated crew."
The Large Underground Xenon detector, or LUX, won't bottle up dark matter, but it could register the particles' fleeting passage. It's situated nearly a mile underground in the mine to shield it from cosmic rays and most other "normal-matter" particles that could be mistaken for dark matter.
If the LUX project's name and underground setting suggest a certain lustrous yellow ingot, which just happens to be the material the Nobel Prize in Physics is cast in, well . . . there are definitely careers to be capped and honors to be heaped on dark matter's discoverer. Like last year's sprint to detect the Higgs boson, there's a spirited international competition under way to be the first to tag dark matter.
"We're not at all immune to the fact that this is a grand horse race," Akerib said. "The physics that we're looking for is Nobel-worthy, and that's exciting. Are any of us packing our bags" for the award ceremony in Stockholm? "You can't think about it in those terms."
What longtime friends Shutt and Akerib do think about is the prospect that the dark matter search they've devoted their careers to may be nearing some kind of fundamental natural barrier. If the particles really exist, then the LUX detector and its much larger, even more sensitive successor – a device called LZ that eventually will crowd LUX out of its underground chamber – could be the last, the best chance to find them. Otherwise, the dark matter signal may be too ephemeral to tease out of the cosmic static.
"We're on the verge of being able to do an experiment which appears as though it would be the ultimate experiment that can be done," Shutt said. "We now see . . . an end of this where we're going to hit backgrounds that we don't have any way of getting around. It's kind of around the corner."
Team is tracking an elusive quarry
How do you detect the seemingly undetectable? How do you spot a phantom's footprints?
The universe is chock full of dark matter, according to calculations – enough that its particles, whatever they are, should be streaming by all the time.
Caltech astronomer Fritz Zwicky in 1933 was the first to infer dark matter's existence, by realizing that the stars in a distant cluster of galaxies didn't have enough mass to account for the speed at which individual galaxies were moving. There wasn't enough visible stuff to explain the trajectories. Something else had to be exerting a powerful pull. Zwicky dubbed it dark matter, and subsequent observations confirmed that it outnumbers ordinary matter by roughly six to one.
"We've been looking at the cosmos for many hundreds of thousands of years and seeing only a small fraction of what turns out to be the constituents of the universe," Heise said. "It's just mind-boggling."
But figuring out what all that dark matter is presents some serious challenges. It seems to lack several properties that make ordinary matter obvious. First, its fundamental particles – which the LUX team believes are in a category called weakly interacting massive particles, or WIMPs – apparently don't absorb or reflect light or other radiation, rendering them invisible to telescopes or other sensors.
Second, the standoffish, neutral dark matter particles aren't attracted or repelled by ordinary charged matter. They mostly breeze through everyday stuff without a ruffle, like a bullet through the leaves of a tree.
Every once in a while, though, a dark matter particle should theoretically bang head-on into an atom of ordinary matter. The trick is to find a way to identify that infinitesimally small, brief event.
Previous dark matter detectors used crystals of semiconductor metal called germanium, super-cooled to near absolute zero. If an incoming dark matter WIMP happened to smash into one of the semiconductor's atoms, the slight jump in temperature from the collision energy – a millionth of a degree – should register on the experiment's sensors.
Shutt helped develop the semiconductor approach, and Akerib was part of an American collaboration that for several years operated one of the detectors, called the Cold Dark Matter Search or CDMS, half a mile underground in an abandoned Minnesota iron mine.
Twice in 2007, the CDMS device recorded data spikes that looked like WIMP impacts. But the team couldn't statistically rule out the possibility that the pings were from ordinary non-dark matter particle strikes such as cosmic rays or background radiation from the mine, not dark matter. Plus, their detector had fewer than 20 wafers of expensive germanium, each no larger than the mouth of a teacup.
The detectors needed to be much bigger and more sensitive to have a good chance at seeing dark matter.
So Shutt, Akerib and their colleagues turned to xenon. The element, which normally exists as a gas, has an unusual property called scintillation. If one of its atoms gets disturbed by something – say, a dark matter particle whizzing headlong into it – the xenon atom absorbs the radiation from the blow, then spits it back out as a momentary flash of light. And xenon's transparency allows that tiny firefly flash of light to be seen, if you look hard enough with the right equipment.
The ideal dark matter detector would hold hundreds or thousands of pounds of the stuff, to maximize the chances of a detectable WIMP impact. But there's not much naturally occurring xenon – only a trace in ordinary air.
Extracting and concentrating it takes lots of time and effort. The 771 pounds of xenon that the LUX detector will hold is about 1 percent of the world's annual production. LUX's successor, LZ, will need 20 tons – almost half the global yearly supply, and an amount that could cause xenon prices to jump in response to the uptick in demand. So in addition to their physics skills, Shutt and Akerib have had to become fluent in the quirks of the global xenon market.
Purifying LUX's xenon in Cleveland
At the moment, the entire semi-precious stockpile of LUX's xenon is sitting in silver tanks in a basement lab on the Case campus. The space looks like the world's most complicated boiler room, crammed with a maze of piping, tanks, valves, pressure gauges and computer controls.
The complex equipment, assembled by Akerib, Shutt and their students, is a mini-factory. It was built to purify LUX's xenon, stripping out radioactive krypton contaminants that would ruin the detector's ability to sense dark matter impacts. "There are no industrial users who need [xenon] at the same level of purity that we do," said Akerib. "We have to do it ourselves."
Shutt devised the method and Akerib has supervised the complicated production run. The purification project, critical to LUX's success, is working because of the Case physicists' complimentary skills: Shutt's vision and Akerib's managerial abilities.
"Tom's . . . fearless," Akerib said. "He'll have insight [that] this is the problem we should be working on and this is how we should go about it."
"Dan is one of the master organizers and leaders of a group that I've worked with," Shutt said. "About a year and a half ago, he predicted where we were going to be" with the purification schedule "and got it just about right. Amazing."
When the process wraps up in early January, the xenon will be shipped from Cleveland to South Dakota, chilled to minus 153 degrees to convert it to a liquid, and loaded into the detector's giant insulated container, technically known as a cryostat but nicknamed "the can." There'll be another purification run, to rid the xenon of impurities picked up from the detector's innards which could muddy the light flashes of a dark matter strike.
The 4,850-foot-deep cavern where the LUX instrument rests has undergone an intense makeover from its grubby gold-mining past. During the Homestake's 125-year history, workers pried 2.5 million pounds of gold from the craggy walls, working in the gloom of miners' headlamps.
After the mining operation shut down in 2001, the catacombs filled with water. It took two years to pump it out. Now those walls are painted a dazzling white, and bright overhead lights make it feel like a surface lab, not a place that takes a 10-minute elevator descent to reach. Some detector areas require such cleanliness that technicians wear head covers, masks and gloves.
First LUX, then a 'blockbuster' detector
When astronomers christen a new telescope, the initial view of the cosmos through the lens is called "first light."
Sometime early next year, after all their instruments check out, the LUX team will fire up the detector and achieve what they call "first dark." They'll sit back and wait – and hope – for the arrival of a particle that's been careening across the universe unseen and untouched for 13.7 billion years, until its fateful encounter with a manmade vat of xenon far beneath the surface of a small, obscure planet.
With that first impact – and there theoretically should be several during LUX's year or more of operation – humans will have pulled back the curtain on another of the cosmos' secrets.
Not only would confirmation of dark matter help explain why the universe looks the way it does, it also would bolster the case for supersymmetry. That's a strange, ambitious physics theory that tries to describe the behavior of all elementary particles and forces. One of supersymmetry's predictions is the existence of particles that resemble WIMP-y dark matter.
Whether or not dark matter shows up in LUX's tracings, Akerib and Shutt intend to quickly pivot to work on its much bigger, even sharper-eyed successor, LZ.
"If LUX sees [dark matter], obviously you want a bigger experiment in the pipeline so you can study it in detail," Akerib explained. "And if LUX doesn't see anything, there's fertile hunting ground beyond it, so obviously we should be planning a bigger experiment."
LZ will cannibalize some of LUX's parts, including its locomotive-sized radiation-shielding water tank. The next-generation detector will hold more than 50 times as much xenon as LUX, which should vastly improve its sensing capability. Why not go straight to LZ and forget about LUX? "You've got to make a breakthrough indie film first before they give you money for a blockbuster," Shutt said.
So the indie film will premiere soon, with the directors not certain what their audience will see.
"We just don't know if [dark matter] is there," Akerib said. "It if is there, the instrument we're building has a good chance of seeing it. But only if it's there. I guess you could say we're giving nature the opportunity to show her hand."
Downtown's first Publix will open Nov. 30 if construction goes as planned.
The 30,000-square-foot Publix with a full-service pharmacy will anchor 20 Midtown, $100 million-plus development by RGS Properties' Dick Schmalz and Scott Bryant of Scott M. Bryant & Co.
Downtown Birmingham will no longer be a food desert. Though there are grocery stores on downtown's periphery like the Western Market on Highland Avenue and Piggly Wiggly on Clairmont, there's no full service grocery store in the heart of the city.
Downtown Publix development gets name, new renderings The development at 3rd Avenue South and 20th Street will be called 20 Midtown.
The Publix anchors one building of the three-building development at the intersection of Third Avenue South and 20th Street.
The first building is anchored by Starbucks, and also houses the development's leasing office, an SRS office, and a Chipotle Mexican Grill. The final retail space in the building was just signed to AT&T, making the first phase of the development 100 percent leased.
The Starbucks-anchored building has 36 apartments on top of it. Across the street, the Publix building will have 86 apartments, mostly 1-bedrooms with some 2-bedrooms.
The third building is planned to start construction in the next 90 days, Schmalz said.
Tammy Cohen of Cohen Carnaggio Reynolds is the architect. Martin Smith of SRS Real Estate Partners is managing leasing the retail space.
There's a reason Democrats have been scared to death of the gun control issue up until they were dumb enough to tackle it again recently. This shows you why that's the case.
Colorado residents on Tuesday voted to recall both Democratic Senate President John Morse and state Sen. Angela Giron over a number of gun control laws they helped pushed through the Legislature.
With 100 percent of the results in, 50.9 percent of Colorado residents voted to recall Morse in the historic election, the Denver Post reports. Morse delivered his concession speech late Tuesday night.
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
Republican Bernie Herpin, a former Colorado Springs city councilman, will replace him.
Meanwhile, Giron, challenged over her support for stricter gun laws after last year's mass shootings, was also rebuked in a race seen as a measure of popular support for gun legislation.
Though hesitant to concede at first, Giron realized she too had been fired by Colorado voters. With 100 percent of the projected results in, 56 percent of voters favored the recall, according to the Denver Post.
Angered by new limits on ammunition magazines and expanded background checks, gun-rights activists filed enough voter signatures for the recall elections — the first for state legislators since Colorado adopted the procedure in 1912.
Last weekend at Comic-Con, Shane Black was enthusiastic about the work they've put into ‘Iron Man 3' so far. Apparently they're about halfway done and the director proclaims that “If [they] don't fuck up the rest, it's going to be great!” Well, people have been spying on the production down in Wilmington, NC to see just exactly how things are going and from that we've gotten some interesting unauthorized set photos, like the first look at the Iron Patriot armor, and now a few more have leaked online.
Recently, Star News (via Geek Tyrant) acquired some shots of the crew shooting a stunt with rigs that suspended actors over the Cape Fear River. In the photos, you can see what appears to be military personnel and flight attendants, in addition to Iron Man, so it may appear that the stunt involves Tony saving passengers from an airplane.
It's also interesting to note that due to the placement of the cameras, rather than a stuntman, that might actually be Robert Downey, Jr. up on the rig. If that's the case, note his shorts and sneakers. A man should be comfortable at his workplace, but this man is taking it to a whole new level.
No word on what exactly this stunt is for yet, but maybe we'll see it in trailers or clips before the movie is released. For now, check out a few of the set photos below:
‘Iron Man 3' starring Robert Downey, Jr., Ben Kingsley, Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, and Guy Pearce opens on May 3, 2013.
This aromatic Eggplant Curry is a very simple and easy recipe. Perfect vegan dinner recipe that is good for lunch or dinner. Made with Indian spices
Are you one of those people who hate eggplants?
Are you a fan?
This curry is so easy to make and delicious!
Growing up, I loved curries but always hated eggplants. Now, I can't get enough of this curry. It is amazing how taste change with age, isn't it?
I prefer using Japanese eggplants in all my recipes. In the case of this eggplant curry, I had to go 3 different stores and they didn't have it, so, I ended up using the classic variety.
It isn't that I haven't used them on this blog in the past. My eggplant parm recipe, I used them. They do have a purpose in the culinary world, but, I cannot get myself to like them as much as the Japanese variety.
Cooking eggplants is an interesting challenge. For curries, boiling the eggplant is the best way to go. This is a great guide on how to boil an eggplant. Boil the potatoes also because they will melt in your mouth.
What food did you hate as a child but cannot get enough of it now?
Recipe for Eggplant Curry
1) Use 2 cups of boiled eggplant (1 small-sized classic eggplant) and 1 cup of boiled potatoes (1 medium sized red potato). Remove the skin from the potatoes only.
2) In a medium pan, add 3 Tbsp of olive oil
3) Add 1/8 tsp of Methi (Fenugreek) Seeds
4) Add 1/2 Tbsp of Black Mustard Seeds (Rai)
5) When the mustard seeds start popping, add 1/2 tsp cumin seeds.
6) Add 1/2 cup of chopped onions
7) Add 1 tsp of crushed garlic. If you can stand more garlic, add another 1/2 tsp.
8) Add 1 tsp of crushed ginger.
9) Add 1 Tbsp of chopped jalapeno. If you can stand the heat, go for 1 tsp or more
10) Let the onions get a little translucent and then add 1/4 tsp of Red Chili Powder (Extra Hot)
11) Add 1/2 tsp of Turmeric Powder . Use more, if you prefer.
12) Add 1/2 Tbsp of Tamarind chutney. I will add another 1/2 Tbsp towards the end. You can add the whole Tbsp now, if you prefer
13) Mix well and add curry leaves, if you have them. Add 2 cups of freshly pulped plum tomatoes
14) Mix well and then add 3 cups of water.
15) Add 1 + 1/2 tsp of salt. You can adjust the amount according to taste
16) Add the boiled eggplant and potatoes. Crush about 3 potato and eggplant cubes. This will help thicken the curry a little.
17) Mix well and then add 1/2 Tbsp of brown sugar
18) Add 1/2 Tbsp of cumin powder
19) Add 2 tsp of garam masala or adjust to taste.
20) Mix well and set the heat to medium high. Cook for about 25 minutes or until the water is thickened. Remove the eggplant curry from heat and serve with Basmati rice and Spicy Mango Pickes
Eggplant Curry Recipe (Vegan) This simple recipe for Eggplant Curry is the perfect dinner recipe. If you are looking for vegan dinner ideas or vegetarian dinner ideas, try this delicious version of the traditional Indian recipe for Baingan bharta Print Pin Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 1 hour 5 minutes Total Time: 1 hour 15 minutes Servings: 2 people Calories: 391 kcal Author: Healing Tomato Ingredients 1 japanese eggplant chopped
1 red potato skinned, chopped into cubes
3 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1/8 tsp Fenugreek Seeds (Methi)
1/2 Tbsp Black Mustard Seeds (Rai)
1/2 tsp cumin seeds.
1/2 cup onions chopped
1 tsp garlic crushed
1 tsp ginger crushed
1 Tbsp jalapeno chopped
1/4 tsp Red Chili Powder (Extra Hot)
1/2 tsp Turmeric Powder
1 Tbsp Tamarind chutney divided
3 curry leaves (optional)
4 plum tomatoes (crushed in a mini processor)
3 cups water
1.5 tsp salt
1/2 Tbsp brown sugar
1/2 Tbsp cumin powder
2 tsp garam masala Instructions Boil the eggplant and potatoes
In a medium pan, add extra virgin olive oil
Add fenugreek seeds and black mustard seeds
When the mustard seeds start popping, add cumin seeds
Add chopped onions, jalapeno, garlic and ginger
Let the onions get a little translucent and then add Red Chili Powder (Extra Hot)
Add Turmeric Powder.
Add 1 part tamarind chutney
Mix well and add curry leaves, if you have them
Add 2 cups of freshly pulped plum tomatoes
Mix well and then add 3 cups of water
Add 1 + 1/2 tsp of salt (adjust to taste)
Add the boiled eggplant and potatoes
Crush about 3 potato and eggplant cubes to thicken the curry
Mix well and then add brown sugar, cumin powder and tamarind chutney
Add 2 tsp of garam masala or adjust to taste
Mix well and set the heat to medium high
Cook for about 25 minutes or until the water is thickened
Serve with basmati rice
Notes Nutrition info is approximate Nutrition Serving: 4 g | Calories: 391 kcal Tried this recipe? Follow me @healingtomato1 and mention #healingtomato1
MORE FROM HEALINGTOMATO
This isn't part of my draft series, but the Sixers held a little shindig tonight – I think they called it Basketball and Business with Bryan Colangelo? something like that – and I was able to go. Just a few quick hitters regarding his comments (and mine!), most of these will probably only be interesting to Sixers fans.
The biggest takeaway, to me, is that most rumors we hear do not come from the GM's office because they violate the tampering rules. He was very careful not to say anything that could be considered tampering. You could tell he definitely wanted to say more, but he couldn't. He did specifically shoot down the Noel/Teague rumor, and mentioned that he spoke with Okafor about the Okafor rumors, although tellingly, he didn't outright deny them. Regardless, take all draft rumors with a mountain of salt – they're probably not true.
Colangelo said the Sixers will not trade the #1 pick. While I think that's a little close-minded (of course the right deal could get the #1 pick), it certainly seemed like no deal came along that piqued their interest. He mentioned that Simmons, Ingram, Dunn, and Brown were in the conversation for #1, but also hinted that he already knew who they were taking. That leads me to believe that they're in talks to acquire another high pick, but that's pure conjecture from me.
Colangelo said that he considers there to be three defensive positions: guard, wing, and big. He says that positions are defensive and are not always tied to offense. Specifically mentioned that Simmons would be a primary ballhandler, which is extremely heartening (you know, as long as they take him).
“Cautiously optimistic that Saric will be over soon.”
“Joel is a monster.”
Colangelo brought up the fact that he won the division with Toronto. He was clearly unamused when my question asked him what he learned from the fact that he never won a playoff series in Toronto. Don't brag if you can't back it up!
Marc Zumoff was there as the moderator. He seemed happy when I complimented him on his Union commentary.
Colangelo pointed out Ned Cohen, but few people (other than me) seemed particularly interested in him. Not sure why. Very nice guy, very happy to chat. I was surprised more people weren't trying to talk to him.
Fun night, great dinner. Got to tell my season ticket rep straight up that I'm in for season tickets if they draft Simmons and trade Okafor. One can only hope.
On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy was killed in Dallas. Almost as prevalent as theories about his assassination are theories about what would have happened to three major historical events if JFK had been alive in 1964.
President Kennedy with Dean Rusk and Robert McNamara.
It was 49 years ago today that Kennedy was killed on Dealey Plaza. His accused assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald, died at the hands of Jack Ruby several days later.
Since then, many theories have sprung up about the assassination, who was involved, and why Kennedy was killed.
Among historians and some authors, there has been detailed debate and discussion about what would have happened in the event that Kennedy wasn't killed in November 1963.
The three main topics of debate have been the outcome of the 1964 presidential election; the escalation of the Vietnam War; and the finality of the historic Civil Rights and Voting Rights acts.
All three of those items were in process when Kennedy died when he visited Texas as part of the run-up to the 1964 presidential campaign.
Kennedy was committed to running again in 1964 and based on the theories among historians, he had a good chance of winning.
His popularity rating was at 58 percent right before the assassination, just after he served 1,000 days in office. That number was higher than similar ratings for Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama, five presidents who won re-election bids.
The presumptive presidential nominee for the Republicans in late 1963 was Senator Barry Goldwater. He was friends with Kennedy and briefly dropped out of race after Kennedy's death, only to re-enter it to oppose a man he disliked, Lyndon Johnson.
Kennedy and Goldwater had reportedly agreed to debate, while Johnson had no interest in debating Goldwater.
The closeness of an election between Kennedy and Goldwater would have been decided by two big issues looming over the year of 1964: civil rights and Vietnam.
On taped recordings made in the White House just before his death, Kennedy told advisers he expected a tough re-election campaign because of his support of civil rights.
President Kennedy had introduced his historic Civil Rights Act in June 1963. It was stalled in Congress when Kennedy died.
The Civil Rights Act faced fierce opposition in Congress, mostly from southern Democrats. Kennedy rejected an attempt to substitute a bill that would allow segregation at public facilities to continue.
After his death, President Johnson told the nation that passing the Civil Rights Act would be the best way to honor Kennedy's legacy, but it took until July 1964 for Johnson and his allies to get the act approved.
If Kennedy had lived, the debate over the Civil Rights Act would have occurred during an election year—or maybe not.
Recent Constitution Daily Stories
America's first president was apparent grave robbery victim
The real story behind the presidential turkey pardon
Hold the eels? A Founding Fathers Thanksgiving meal
One theory is that Kennedy would have waited until after the 1964 election, with the hope of having more leverage in Congress to pass the act. The combination of Kennedy and Johnson would have tackled the bill, which would have been a protracted battle.
In reality, President Johnson was able to get the Civil Rights Act passed in 1964 and Voting Rights Act passed in 1965 using his mandate from a landslide election, Kennedy's legacy, and his considerable powers of persuasion in Congress.
The same audio tapes from November 19, 1963, also show Kennedy's concerns about the crisis in Vietnam as he quizzes two aides who had returned from Asia.
“On the one hand, you get the military saying the war is going better, and on the other hand, you get the political [opinion] with its deterioration . . . I'd like to have an explanation what the reason is for the difference,” Kennedy asked.
The president's brother, Robert Kennedy, did an audio interview for the Kennedy Library in April 1964 that recounted the thinking about Vietnam at the time of the president's death: that Vietnam couldn't fall to the Communists.
Lacey Spears, the Kentucky woman who authorities say force-fed her 5-year-old son salt through a stomach tube and reveled in the attention that a sickly child brought her, has been found guilty of murder in the child's 2014 death at a Westchester hospital. Marc Santia reports. (Published Monday, March 2, 2015)
Mom Who Blogged About Son's Health Woes Convicted of Killing 5-Year-Old With Salt
Lacey Spears, the Kentucky woman who authorities say force-fed her 5-year-old son salt through a stomach tube and reveled in the attention that a sickly child brought her, has been found guilty of murder in the child's 2014 death at a Westchester hospital.
A White Plains jury handed down the second-degree murder verdict in 5-year-old Garnett-Paul Spears' death Monday after three days of deliberations.
Spears, 27, had blogged for years about her son's constant health woes, and prosecutors said she killed the boy because she feared he would start telling people she was the one making him sick.
Video showed Spears twice taking the boy into a hospital bathroom with a connector tube and the boy suffering afterward.
"The motive is bizarre, the notion is scary, but it exists ... She apparently craved the attention of her family, her friends, her co-workers and most particularly the medical profession," Assistant District Attorney Patricia Murphy said in closing arguments Thursday.
Murphy called Spears' actions "nothing short of torture."
Spears, who was living with her son in Chestnut Ridge at the time of his death, induced brain swelling by feeding Garnett heavy concentrations of sodium through a stomach tube, authorities had said.
Several doctors testified that there was no medical explanation for the spike in Garnett's sodium levels that led to his death.
But defense lawyer Stephen Riebling said there was no "direct evidence" of a crime and drew out from witnesses that Spears seemed devastated by her son's death. He said the hospital video was edited to eliminate tender scenes between mother and son, including one where Spears put two pairs of socks on Garnett.
"If she's planning on killing him, why does she care whether his feet are cold?" he asked the jury.
He also said the hospital was negligent and dehydrated the boy — an assertion Murphy called "just ridiculous."
The evidence included two feeding bags found in Spears' apartment that were heavily tainted with salt, including one that Spears asked a friend to hide. One bag had the equivalent of 69 McDonalds salt packets in it, a forensic toxicologist testified.
Also in evidence were many of Spears' postings on Facebook, Twitter, MySpace and a blog and her online research into the dangers of sodium in children.
Spears moved to Kentucky after her son died and was living there when she was arrested.
-Marc Santia contributed to this report
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Martin Deutsch via Flickr Germany is generating so much electricity from renewable power plants that customers are actually paid to use it.
According to Bloomberg, 15 mph winds forced German utilities to pay their customers to take electricity off the grid on July 24. At its peak, it produced nearly 12,000 megawatts of power.
Germany has already produced "too much power" for 31 hours so far this year, and is becoming the norm. This happened even before Germany began opening parts of the world's largest PV solar park.
This is because they have grown their solar and wind generation so much in recent years. BP reports that, as of 2010, Germany has 43.5% of the world's solar and 13.7% of the world's wind capacity.
Germany is demonstrating the potential of renewable energy, at least on a good day. But, in the four days afterwards, the wind parks never produced more than 315 megawatts; a fraction of the production on July 24.
Osvaldo-Inter, Taider-Southampton
By Football Italia staff
Sky Sport Italia claim Inter are on the verge of exchanging Saphir Taider for Southampton's Daniel Osvaldo.
It is well known that the Nerazzurri are interested in signing Osvaldo, who refused to return from his summer vacation and was put on the market by the Saints.
According to the latest reports in Italy, Inter have struck a basic deal to take Osvaldo on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season.
In exchange, Southampton would welcome Algerian international midfielder Taider on similar terms.
Osvaldo was on loan at Juventus from January to June, scoring one Serie A goal.
It is also the chance for Taider to experience the Premier League, as his transfer to West Ham United collapsed in January just as the move seemed to be certain.
During the month of December, we're highlighting other organizations and projects that rely on Tor, build on Tor, or are accomplishing their missions better because Tor exists. Check out our blog each day to learn about our fellow travelers. And please support the Tor Project! We're at the heart of Internet freedom.
Donate today!
Whonix
Whonix is a privacy ecosystem that utilizes compartmentalization to provide a private, leak-resistant environment for many desktop computing activities. Whonix helps users use their favorite desktop applications anonymously. A web browser, IRC client, word processor, and more come pre-installed with safe defaults, and users can safely install custom applications and personalize their desktops with Whonix.
Whonix is designed to run inside a VM and to be paired with Tor. Whonix is composed of two or more virtual machines that run on top of an existing operating system. The primary purpose of this design is to isolate the critical Tor software from the risk-laden environments that often host user-applications, such as email clients and web browsers. Whonix consists of two parts: the first part solely runs Tor and acts as a gateway for a user's Internet traffic, called Whonix-Gateway. The other, called Whonix-Workstation, is for a user's work and is located on a completely isolated network. Even if the user's workstation is compromised with root privileges, it cannot easily reveal IP addresses or leak DNS requests or bypass Tor, because it has neither full knowledge nor control over where and how its traffic is routed. This is security by isolation, and it averts many threats posed by malware, misbehaving applications, and user error.
One of Whonix's core strengths is its flexibility. Whonix can run on Linux, macOS, or Windows. It can torrify nearly any application's traffic running on nearly any operating system, and it doesn't depend on the application's cooperation. It can even isolate a server behind a Tor Hidden Service running on a separate OS. It can route traffic over VPNs, SSH tunnels, SOCKS proxies, and major anonymity networks, giving users flexibility in their system setups.
Whonix was originally built around compatibility-focused Virtualbox, then time-tested KVM was added as an option. Now Whonix is shipped-by-default with the advanced, security-focused virtualization platform QubesOS. Whonix even supports Qubes' DisposableVMs.
Whonix has a safe default configuration that includes a restrictive firewall, privacy-enhanced settings for Debian, AppArmor profiles, and pre-configured and stream isolated applications.
The Whonix team is currently focused on improving usability for new Whonix users. A Quick-Start Guide will be available shortly to allow users to install and try Whonix on most existing systems.
Whonix is based in Germany but has users and developers from around the world. Like many open-source projects, Whonix depends on the donations and contributions of supporters. It's easy to get involved!
Spread the love
Flint, MI – Governor Rick Snyder is surely one of the most hated people in Flint, if not the entire state of Michigan, and it is a surprise that he can actually go out anywhere in public without being heckled. In fact, there was just an incident reported last week where he was chased out of a restaurant with residents who were angry about the part he played in the city's current water crisis.
At the Old Town Tavern on Liberty Street, which is just down the street from the governor's new condo, Snyder was unable to finish his meal because of his public infamy.
According to Ann Arbor resident Laura Tanner, someone in the restaurant yelled “Snyder, you f*** up!” which alerted everyone else in the bar that the governor was there.
As Snyder was getting up to leave, Tanner yelled to him “How was your water? Was it clean?”
Tanner later told MLive that, “He was just eating his meal, drinking fresh water, like he didn't have a care in the world, and this was my chance to tell him what I think of him. I don't know how he sleeps at night, to be honest.”
MLive later called the restaurant and spoke with an employee who said that the governor was in fact there and was forced to leave as he was being yelled at by other customers.
Tanner said that some of the patrons in the bar seemed hesitant or afraid to say anything.
“He almost got away without getting noticed. They treated him just like they would any other customer,” she said, adding that, “Really, I was shocked by the hesitancy of anyone else, to say anything. Nobody else was saying anything.”
“When he got up to leave, honestly, I just felt like I had, to say something, so I stood up,” she said.
She said that the governor did his best to ignore his hecklers as he made his way out of the restaurant.
As we reported last month, the city's government continues to charge people for the poison water, threatening to foreclose their home or take their children if they refuse to pay. Michigan law states that parents are neglectful if they do not have running water in their home, and if they choose not to pay for the water they can't even drink, then they could be guilty of child endangerment. Flint resident Melissa Mays says that some residents have already received similar threats from the government if they refuse to pay their bills.
Flint residents have recently filed two class action lawsuits calling for all water bills since April of 2014 to be considered null and void because of the fact that the water was poisonous.
John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can purchase his books, or get your own book published at his website www.JohnVibes.com.
Lil Wayne FLAG TRAMPLE WAS AN ACCIDENT I Didn't See It There
Lil Wayne -- I Didn't Step On the American Flag On Purpose!
Breaking News
is lying through his diamond-encrusted teeth ... claiming he didn't INTENTIONALLY step on the American flag during a video shoot ... despite the fact he can be seen looking down on Old Glory several times during the performance.Wayne just tweeted about his controversial video shoot for "God Bless Amerika" in New Orleans ... saying, "I didn't step on the flag on purpose! It's a scene in a video where the flag drops behind me and after it drop it's just there as I perform."Translation -- I swear it was an accident ... please don't hate me.Problem is ... during the video, you can see Wayne look down on the flag at several points in the shoot ... yet continues to trample all over the stars and stripes.So ... you're buyin' Weezy's explanation?
Guild Wars 2's current Living World story arc came to a head last week with the fall of Scarlet Briar. Her long conflict waged against Tyria saw multiple invasions and the eventual fall of Lion's Arch until players fought to take it back with last week's update – The Battle for Lion's Arch. That conflict ended with the fall of Scarlet Briar, but she had already done untold amounts of damage to Tyria. Later today, ArenaNet will launch its latest update to GW2's Living Story with Battle for Lion's Arch: Aftermath, which will explore effects of Scarlet's long campaign.
The battle is over. Scarlet Briar is dead. Tyria's noblest warriors have done what they can to save the beloved city of Lion's Arch.
But have they truly saved it?
Word of Scarlet's demise has spread like wildfire throughout the wards of the city and all across Tyria. The heroes of Lion's Arch, the Lionguard, and Order forces have driven out the remainder of Scarlet's armies, their morale and ranks shattered. All the while, the Breachmaker—Scarlet's enormous airship looming over Sanctum Harbor—continues to drill uncontrollably without its pilot at the helm.
One thing is certain - Tyria is scarred. With today's release, “Aftermath,” players will discover the depth of those wounds and the legacy left behind by Scarlet's campaign of terror.
The US Bureau of Labor Statistics will release the latest unemployment numbers on Friday. The breakdown of who is and isn't working won't include stats about the mermaid economy.
But according to Fast Company magazine, there are about 1,000 people working as full-time mermaids and mermen in the United States. Linden Wolbert is one of them.
“Without my tail, I'm about 5-foot-4, so I'm pretty tiny,” says Wolbert. “My tail is beautiful and very realistic — it's a silicone prosthetic made by special effects artists in Hollywood. It was designed to look, move and completely imitate the look of a real fish or a mermaid.” Tails can run anywhere from $500 to $25,000 and beyond.
As a full-time working mermaid, Wolbert performs at parties, weddings, resorts and hotels. Her celebrity clients include the likes of Justin Timberlake and Jessica Alba.
“Being a mermaid professionally has been a very interesting path,” she says. “I started off doing this 10 years ago and created a business for which there was nothing to model after. I truly had to create it, build it, dream it, paint it and sew it. It has been challenging to say the least, but I've finally come to a place where I feel very content in what I'm doing — I know there's nothing else that I could ever do. And it does pay me some nice sand dollars, and I'm very happy about that.”
Unlike Ariel from “The Little Mermaid,” Wolbert has blonde hair and blue-green “ocean eyes.” She says that the children she entertains are constantly inquiring about the Disney princess.
“A lot of children ask me, ‘Do you know Ariel? Is Ariel your sister?' I often tell them that she's a very dear friend of mine, but we're not related,” she says.
Aside from entertaining, Wolbert also takes her silicon tail out for swims in the Caribbean, in coral reefs, and underwater caves. She also frequently uses her profession as a way to raise awareness about ocean conservation.
“Since my ancestors were swimming through the Seven Seas, there has been a lot of stress on our oceans,” she says. “There's noise pollution from human interaction with our oceans — from cargo ships and sonar pings and all kinds of other noise disturbances that hurt echolocation and sound utilization that different marine mammals use. There's also the stresses of different pollutants — we have plastic pollution, like the Pacific Gyere, which is a huge area that's full of plastic. Mermaids and mermen are swimming through a lot more plastic than they used to.”
Wolbert says she works with a group call Reef Check Worldwide, which is dedicated to the conservation of tropical coral reefs around the world. If current carbon dioxide emission trends continue, nearly every coral reef on the planet could be dead by the year 2100, according to a report from Science magazine.
Though she hasn't seen any talking crabs in her underwater travels (not yet, at least), Wolbert says she's encountered her fair share of strange and majestic things in her life as a mermaid.
“Off the coast of Puerto Rico there's an island called Vieques, and I was able to swim in a bay of bioluminescence,” she says. “To see creatures underwater and at night in complete darkness, to see their outlines glowing in this bioluminescence glow ... was probably the strangest, yet most beautiful, magical and enchanting thing I've ever seen.”
Though she knows mermaid life isn't for everyone, it's been a dream come true for her.
“I believe that everybody should follow their heart and their dream in whatever they want to do,” says Wolbert. “If that involves wearing a magical, mythical mermaid tail and swimming through the water — whether that's a swimming pool, a puddle, a fountain or the ocean — to live and experience your fantasy and share that with the world in your own special way, I say go for it. It's an incredible way to live life and a magical way to experience the world. There's nothing more magical then looking around, and no matter who you look at, a smile comes over their face when you make eye contact. That's the wonder of being a mermaid.”
This story first aired as an interview on PRI's The Takeaway, a public radio program that invites you to be part of the American conversation.
Angels and Demons — Strategy Based on Invariants and Discontinuities
Johannes Koponen Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 6, 2016
In this blog post, I'll propose a new way for companies to understand, frame and create long-term strategies. The new way is based on identifying core premises behind important strategic choices.
There are two different approaches how companies implicitly or knowingly approach their core premises. Either they consider these premises to be changeless invariants, in which case I call the company an “Angel”, or the premise itself is a discontinuity, in which case I call the company a “Demon”.
Invariant is a function, which remains unchanged when a specified transformation is applied. Finnish elevator manufacturer KONE — an Angel — believes that urbanization that drives their market size will continue no matter what.
Discontinuity is point at which a function is not continuous. Between 2008 and 2013, electric charging station startup Better Place — a Demon — raised 850 million dollars of venture capital and established a chain of 400 charging stations in Denmark, Israel and California on the premise that electric cars are just around the corner.
I want to emphasize that the division to Angels and Demons is not the same as the division to incumbents and startups: both can be both. But to be successful, a company needs to understand if it's an Angel or a Demon, because the outcome of the selected role is totally different set of strategic choices. Further, companies fail when they categorize themselves in a wrong way.
Amazon's core premises and its path from hell to heaven
The core premise of a company is a basic business fundamental, e.g. “people need elevators” or “trains are a useful means of travel”. Angels are companies whose business is based on premises that are considered invariant: their strategic choices on their core premise reflect that they consider themselves immutable. For example, Amazon is an Angel as their strategic choices are to provide cheap products and vast offering, delivered as fast as possible. Thus, their premises, such as
1) Customers want cheap products,
2) Customers like large selection of products, and
3) Customers want them as fast as possible
led them to make a series of strategic choices from establishing a huge delivery network to developing new dynamic pricing mechanisms. These are good core premises: they are unlikely to change.
However, earlier Amazon had been a Demon. Demons are companies whose core premise in business is a discontinuity. Amazon — especially Jeff Bezos himself — betted the whole company on a discontinuity in retail markets that digitalization would break the traditional value chains and purchasing habits. They were right on the bet.
Companies are, and perceive to be, either Angels or Demons
For example, the Finnish elevator manufacturer KONE is basing their business on a core premise that urbanization especially in the US and Asia is an invariant trend. Thus, they perceive themselves as a typical Angel company. But it's possible that the premise is incorrect. Automated cars, electric skateboards and enhanced virtual reality interactions could, at least in theory, reverse the urbanization trend. This would make the path forward for KONE much more challenging, especially if they don't realize that the trend is changing.
Dream analysis answers the most important question for Angels
The most important question for all the Angels is “Are we really an Angel”? Luckily, this can be tested by testing the coherence of their leaders' mental business models and by writing out their core premises. I have been prototyping ways to do this by separating and modeling the perceived business instead of the actual business for years. I call this approach “Dream Analysis” because the analysis is used to make companies wake up and potentially end dangerous sleepwalking. The name also sounds nice. Currently, I'm looking for possible cases to try the approach with curious business units. Interested? Email me!
Why “Dream analysis”? The current strategy paradigm for both big and small companies emphasizes heavily the decision-makers intuition. Crucially, this intuition operates in the perceived model of business.
Thus, it is very important to distinguish the actual business and the actual business environment, aka “the real world”, from the mental (business) model constructed in the head of the CEO. By conducting a thorough — numeric! — analysis and modeling of the perceived business models and mental operating environment, we can get a holistic idea of how the business is perceived to be operating. This allows us to identify and correct severe management biases before they cause major harm, and to learn if the management hypotheses are beneficial in the first place! Further, by making this analysis we get a list of core premises. Merely the list of core premises can help us to challenge them. Later on, getting a scientific panel or a group of startup founders to estimate the likelihoods of a discontinuity can provide important additional information.
In “Dream analysis”, all the decision-makers of a selected business unit or corporation are guided through a series of detailed questions about the kind of decisions they make in their work. A special emphasis is put to understand the expected numeric outcomes of these decisions in different situations. I'm able to draw a detailed causality map based on their answers to the questions such as “what is your goal?”, “what decisions you do to get to this goal?” and “what is the anticipated effect of your decision?”. The detailed causality map shows how different managers actually perceive the operation of the business unit.
An example of perceived business model from actual case
Moreover, numeric values and the estimated functions (in input-output terms) for each operation are described to create a dynamic model. To emphasize once more, this model does not describe the business, it describes the perceived model of the business. After the model has been built, a simulation is made to show how the model corresponds to different changes in the environment. Then, it is fruitful to have another conversation on how the simulation and discussions have changed the perceived model of business. The first model typically demonstrates multiple management biases and increases the certainty on whether the company is an Angel or a Demon. Seeing it in action helps companies to realign their decision-making and perception of the environment.
Demons attack with radical contingencies
A Demon is a company characterized by its core premise that is a discontinuity. A discontinuity is required to disrupt a market. Because the future is not deterministic, demons have more tricks in their pockets than mere “hoping for the best”. On top of finding new contingencies, companies can work to enable their emergence, sometimes in radically aggressive ways.
The strategy process for a Demon starts by discovering variants that others consider invariants. A good variant is something that seems to have stayed the same for a long time, but actually hasn't. Think CDs, or Euro currency.
Then, one needs to identify discontinuity points. What are the circumstances that a common eurozone would seize to exist?
Third, it is important to think how one can benefit from the potential discontinuity if it realizes. Here it is good to follow the guidelines of Nicholas Nassim Taleb and try to identify concave curves where the losses are limited (in the case of no discontinuity) but wins (in the case of discontinuity) are unlimited. For example, one could found a company that sells new digital currency systems to countries' central banks. And if one wants to go all the way, the digital currency systems are sold in the worthless national digital money: the seller only gets the benefit if the system is taken to use. Then the profits are only realized if the contingency plan is activated, but then again there is no upper limit to the price when selling, as the money is worthless in that moment of time.
By constructing this system the company has already made the discontinuity much more likely. If such a system would not exist, the central bank might not have any way to even consider a euroexit. But now, with their brand-new plan B, they might very well go about it in one of the countries. From the perspective of the buyer, this is called the contingency planning fallacy. From the perspective of the seller, it's “creating your own success”.
Thinking about the things that don't change
It's bizarre how little foresight thinkers think about the invariants and delays (which are essentially the same thing). Nevertheless, there are some thumb rules for finding things and aspects that really won't change. Think about a teacup: you can construct it from a different material, but it requires quite a strange and scalable idea to make them as a concept to vanish. Likewise, there are ways to identify things that would on the first thought seem to be very immobile but actually might not be. An example of this could be trams: can they compete against the automated transportation?
One very good rule, again from Nicholas Nassim Taleb, actually, is that the shorter time the phenomena has been around, the more likely it is to disappear. Finland is more likely to vanish from the map than France, Springles more likely to disappear from the menu than potatoes.
Another helpful approach is to look at delays. Even if there would be a groundbreaking innovation to replace a teacup, it would take quite a while for it to replace all the teacups of the world. It takes some 15 years on average to replace most cars so even if there would be a quick adoption of automated vehicles (which I find unlikely), there will be old gas-driven Toyotas in the streets 30 years from now. It takes some 100 years to replace most buildings, and much longer to replace all the buildings. Given a long enough timeline, almost everything is replaceable. Both eating as a cultural thing, and healthcare as a concept can be reasonably argued to disappear during the next decades — it might not be plausible or probable, but it is possible.
Key takeaways
Angels are companies whose strategy is based on (implicit) core premise that something will remain the same. Demons are companies whose strategy is based on the core premise that something will change drastically.
Because it is crucial for Angels to understand what are their core premises and biases in their perceived model of business, I recommend them to conduct a routine “Dream analysis” as described broadly above. This analysis should be conducted with outsiders and its purpose is, quite bluntly, to avoid disruptive collapses. Even if this kind of analysis clarifies the business as a perceived business and helps especially companies who think they don't have any threats, it is a useful tool also to companies who know their operating environment is changing but are not able to react to that. There are currently many industries that are as delusional as the whole media industry was for the best part of the last 20 years.
For Demons, to enable a strategy that is based on finding, exploiting and enabling radical contingencies I recommend a seasonal radical contingency analysis, also described broadly above. This kind of analysis can be helpful to Angels as well.
Last but not least, it is important to identify which role a company perceives to have — an Angel or a Demon — but also challenge that assumption from time to time. This is because in a long enough timeline all the Angels fall and some of the Demons may rise.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Roads and schools closed as firefighters tackle blazes in Haifa, Neve Shalom and elsewhere
About 80,000 people have been told to evacuate their homes as wildfires swept into Israel's third largest city of Haifa.
The fires follow a two-month drought and are being fanned by strong winds in the north of the city.
Wildfires are also threatening homes near Jerusalem and in the West Bank.
Israel's police chief said arson was suspected in some cases and PM Benjamin Netanyahu said any such attacks would amount to "terror".
"Every fire that was the result of arson or incitement to arson is terror in every way and we'll treat it as such," he was quoted by Haaretz newspaper as saying.
"Anyone who tries to burn parts of the state of Israel will be severely punished."
Police chief Roni Alsheich said that if fires had been started deliberately it was "safe to assume... it is politically-motivated''.
In pictures: Israeli wildfires
Education Minister Naftali Bennett, leader of the right-wing religious Jewish Home party, also appeared to suggest Arab or Palestinian involvement in the fires, writing on Twitter: "Only those to whom the country does not belong are capable of burning it."
The comments brought an angry reaction from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah movement, which said Israeli officials were "exploiting the fire" to accuse Palestinians.
"What is burning are our trees and our land of historical Palestine," it said in a statement.
On social media, the Arabic-language hashtag #Israel_on_fire began trending, with most tweets expressing pleasure over the outbreak.
Image copyright AP Image caption Huge flames roared between apartment blocks as residents fled
Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan told Channel 10 TV news that eight people had been arrested.
He said arson was suspected in about half of the fires and police had found "flammable materials and liquids poured in certain areas".
"We need to be prepared for a new type of terror," he added.
Israeli media reported that the Shin Bet internal security agency was involved in the investigation.
Meanwhile, hundreds of military reservists have been called up to help battle the three-day outbreak of fires.
In Haifa, the city council said several neighbourhoods will be without electricity overnight.
People loaded up supermarket trolleys with belongings, while schools, kindergartens, universities and an old people's hospital were evacuated.
More than 130 people have been taken to hospital with minor injuries, mainly from smoke inhalation, but most were later discharged, Haaretz reported.
Two prisons near Haifa have also been evacuated.
Further south, Highway 443 - which links Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, crossing through the West Bank - was closed to morning traffic on Thursday as another blaze reached the city of Modi'in.
Homes and cars were damaged, and 300 students were evacuated from a school in Talmon, an Israel settlement in the occupied West Bank, police said.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Months of dry weather have left the country vulnerable to fires
Firefighters have been battling fires in several locations since Tuesday and forecasters are warning that the dry conditions and strong winds are likely to continue until early next week.
Several countries - including Cyprus, Russia, Italy, Croatia and Greece - have sent help and equipment, including aircraft, to help tackle the blazes.
Mr Netanyahu said officials were also contacting the US company which operates a huge firefighting plane known as the "Supertanker".
In 2010, 44 people died in a fire on Mount Carmel, just south of Haifa.
Are you in Haifa? Have you been affected by the wildfires? You can email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your experiences.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
When the Ravens and Denver Broncos meet Saturday afternoon in an AFC divisional playoff game, the Broncos will be more than three months removed from their last loss.
During their 11-game winning streak to close the regular season, the Broncos scored 30 or more points nine times and outscored their opponents by an average of 15.5 points. Three weeks ago, the Ravens were one of the victims, losing 34-17 at home in a game that the Broncos led by 28 points heading into the fourth quarter.
Yet after emerging from a celebratory locker room Sunday following the Ravens' 24-9 wild-card victory over the Indianapolis Colts, veteran wide receiver Anquan Boldin singled the Broncos out as the team he wanted to play. He also vowed that he and his teammates will "make it different" this time around.
The Ravens lobbed plenty of praise in the direction of the Broncos and their 12-time Pro Bowl quarterback Peyton Manning but they also made it clear that they are happy for another shot at Denver, even if it means going to Sports Authority Field at Mile High to get it. Kickoff is set for 4:30 p.m.
"Hopefully we take all the things that happened [Sunday against the Colts] and we take it into that game emotionally and carry it with us," Ravens coach John Harbaugh said today. "But this is a new game. It's a whole new environment. It's a whole new situation for us. So I think the slate is wiped clean in that sense. This will be a new challenge for us."
If the Ravens are going to make it back to the AFC championship game for a second straight year, they're going to have to do more than just build off the emotion generated Sunday in the final home game of middle linebacker Ray Lewis' 17-year career. They're going to have buck several trends that go beyond Denver's 11-straight victories since an Oct. 7 loss to the New England Patriots, the longest current winning streak in the NFL.
Manning-quarterbacked teams have beaten the Ravens nine straight times with the Ravens' last victory against the signal caller coming in a 39-27 win over the Indianapolis Colts during the 2001 season. That was Lewis' sixth NFL season.
Also working against them, the Ravens struggled on the road for much of the season. Their 4-4 mark away from M&T; Bank Stadium was respectable, but they went 0-3 in road games against three playoff teams — the Houston Texans, Washington Redskins and Cincinnati Bengals.
"History means nothing, that's it," Ravens cornerback Cary Williams said. "I could care less about history. Right now, it's about being the hottest team in the league. Whoever is playing their best football at this time is usually who wins the Super Bowl. As far as I'm concerned, numbers don't mean a damn thing to me."
At this point of the season, the Ravens insist that there is no need for added motivation. However, their loss to the Broncos on Dec. 16 was their third straight defeat and probably their lowest point of the regular season. Not only was the game not competitive in the second half, but the signs of frustration and desperation were everywhere for the home team.
Quarterback Joe Flacco was booed loudly after his interception late in the second quarter was returned 98 yards for a touchdown by Chris Harris. Safety Ed Reed tossed and then kicked his helmet on the sideline after he and Williams were beaten on Eric Decker's 51-yard touchdown catch early in the third quarter. Reed was also hurdled by Broncos' running back Knowshon Moreno earlier in the game. Offensive tackle Michael Oher fumed coming off the field that the Ravens were still throwing the ball late in the fourth quarter, resulting in sacks of Flacco on the final two players.
"We beat ourselves last game. We just didn't play an all-out complete game," said Ravens rookie running back Bernard Pierce who was one of the offensive stars in the Ravens' victory of the Colts. "This week, I think it's going to be a little different."
Reed called it a hard-fought game, but said, "We had some internal stuff going on that definitely affected the way we played. We were not a team that day at all."
The Broncos certainly took full advantage, controlling the game in every facet. They won the time of possession battle, 38:34 to 21:26. They out-gained the Ravens 350-278. Moreno rushed for 118 yards while the Ravens' Pro Bowl running back Ray Rice managed just 38 yards on 12 carries.
President Donald Trump delivered a strong speech to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night, an address sure to embolden both the chief executive and Congressional Republicans who support him.
I watched, tweeted and took some notes about the best and the worst of the night that was. My picks are below.
WINNERS
--Donald Trump: This was the best "big" speech he has given as president. It may well have been the best speech Trump has given since he entered politics way back in June 2015. Trump didn't walk away from his decidedly dark vision of the current state of the country but his overall tone was more conciliatory and optimistic than I've ever heard him.
Trump hit a few very nice notes: His condemnation of threats against Jewish community centers at the start of the speech was a very nice grace note and his honoring of the widow of the Navy SEAL killed in the recent Yemen raid was remarkably powerful moment.
Critics will rightly point out that several of Trump's claims -- about the rising violence in America, for example -- missed the factual mark by a wide margin. And, at times, Trump seemed to be on the verge of returning to his confrontational self -- particularly when discussing immigration and the border wall.
But, top to bottom, Trump delivered both a forceful defense of his nationalist worldview -- "My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America," he said at one point -- and a proof point that he can be, dare I say it, presidential when the moment demands it.
Crime, taxes and health care: Fact-checking the Donald Trump address to Congress PolitiFact, The Washington Post and several other agencies are live fact-checking President Trump's address to Congress as he begins to list claims to build support for his proposals.
--Congressional Republicans: Anyone who tells you Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell weren't a little bit worried about how Trump would do on Tuesday night -- and what that would mean for his ability to rally Republicans going forward -- is lying to you. Trump's speech will go a long way to quieting the nerves of Congressional Republicans and convincing them that Trump might just be capable of being the president they desperately hope he can be. His address will serve as a validation for the likes of Ryan and McConnell, who have steadfastly supported Trump throughout the rough seas of his first month in office.
--Polarization: If you needed to understand just how polarized our politics are, the repeated shots of Republicans rising to cheer Trump while Democrats sat on their hands would do it. The theater of the State of the Union is always a bit overdone but what was clear from the start on Tuesday night was that Republicans were bound and determined to cheer for virtually everything Trump said and Democrats were bound and determined to do the exact opposite.
--Steve Bannon and Ivanka Trump: If you are looking for the two biggest influencers in terms of what Trump said and how he said it, look no further than Bannon, the president's chief strategist, and Ivanka, the president's eldest daughter. The unapologetic nationalism and indictment of the political system was pure Bannon. The push for paid family leave and focus on education was all Ivanka.
If you polished and repackaged the "deconstruction of the admin. state" for a nat'l TV audience, you'd get this speech. Bannonism.
--Joe Scarborough and Elijah Cummings: Symbolism can be empty. But it can be important too. Kudos to Scarborough, a conservative Republican House member turned cable news host, and Cummings, a prominent Maryland Congressman, for sitting together to show that just because we disagree we don't have to be disagreeable.
--Joe Biden: Sometimes you don't know what you've got until it's gone. And the State of the Union speech -- which this was in all but name -- was always a moment for Joe Biden (and his face of a thousand expressions) to shine. Without Biden to watch as the president delivered his speech, the night felt slightly less momentous.
LOSERS
--The devilish details of replacing Obamacare: In the runup to the Trump speech, Republican members of Congress voiced hopes that Trump might give them guidance about how he'd like to replace Obamacare. What Trump did talk about -- lowering the price of prescription drugs, keeping the pre-existing conditions provision -- are widely popular idea. The issue, of course, is how to pay for all of this if you strip out the rest of the elements of Obamacare.
--People rooting for Trump's imminent demise: He's not going anywhere, folks. And that speech suggests he might have more upside than almost anyone thought.
This speech is the clearest example Trump is beginning to own and understand the powers of the office
--"Aisle hogs": I H-A-T-E the annual stories of the people -- Eliot Engel of New York and Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas are two of the most prominent -- who stake out spots on the aisle to ensure they shake hands with the various luminaries including the president. There was a noticeable lack of crowding along the aisles this time around. Possible we can drop this as a story in the future? OK, it's agreed!
--Chris Cillizza of The Washington Post
If there's one thing that MB&F positively excel at doing, it's forcing people to re-examine their ideas of timekeeping and timekeepers. Looking at the new MB&F Legacy Machine 101 (LM101) is like looking backwards and forwards in time simultaneously.
When I first met the LM1, I said that it would be the only watch that we'd wear as a species if we ever evolved into four-dimensional beings, able to experience space-time as a scalar instead of a vector quantity. That's some troublesome metaphysics right there. The LM101 compels you to look at the LM1 and LM2 (and their attendant concepts) through a new lens that may or may not throw any light on the path forwards for the Legacy Machine collection.
The LM101 invites comparison; how could it not? The very name of it, the “101”. It evokes all those references to introductory university courses, which have led us to permanently associate “101” as a kind of lexical shorthand for anything which provides only the essentials, a distillation of a larger whole. Just with its name, the LM101 leaps out of the sequence of MB&F watch naming convention and sets itself in a different orbit.
Rules broken so far: 1
If the LM101 is meant to be the distillation of the Legacy Machine horological vocabulary (as it were), what does it actually say? What do we see when we look at a Legacy Machine? There is the suspended balance wheel, there is the white dial of stretched lacquer, there is the domed crystal, there are the allusions to antique watchmaking such as the flowing cursive script and polished gold chatons, there is that achingly gorgeous finish that can stop you in the middle of a sent—
All these are present in the LM101. The next question to ask (in my mind, the more relevant question) is: What's not present that we would expect to see in a Legacy Machine watch?
The first two Legacy Machines bore the same aesthetic codes of the rest of the MB&F watches — they were symmetrical, there was a dualist approach to their time display that represented the coming together of the two worlds of Max Büsser and his friends. The LM101 is decidedly asymmetrical and has eschewed dualism for a pleasing singularity in its aesthetic expression.
Rules broken so far: 3
So far so disruptive — the LM101 is not like any of the other Legacy Machines. And the Legacy Machines were not like any other MB&F watches when the collection was first introduced. And MB&F was not like any other watch brand when it was established. It was the first to openly acknowledge each and every person who had contributed to the development and creation of its watches. Who did that, back in 2007? Who does that even now?
Rules broken so far: 6
After Baselworld, people generally tend to ask you things like — what were the trends you spotted? What were the watches you liked? In both the interviews I did, the first with thewatches.tv and the second with Watchonista, I mentioned that the things that defined Baselworld 2014 for me were the things unseen, which referred to the development of technology that was hidden in the movement of a watch rather than a novelty in and of itself.
Now, the LM101 was one of these examples. Its movement is the first to be developed in house at MB&F. You can't tell by looking at it — of course you can't. But it's another step away from how MB&F have always done things, which is to collaborate with an external movement specialist.
Rules broken so far: 7
What the LM101 does is remind us that rules — like records, like assumptions, like anything that tells you how the world is and how it is not — must sometimes be broken by those who know when and how to break them.
Rules are for people not named Max Büsser.
BP knew of problems hours before blast
The Deepwater Horizon drill rig burns in the Gulf of Mexico, April 21.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- BP knew of problems with an offshore well hours before it exploded last month, spilling millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico, a House committee chairman said Wednesday.
Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Calif., said the oil company told the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on oversight privately that the well failed a key pressure test just hours before it exploded on April 20.
The test indicated pressure was building up in the well, which could indicate oil or gas was seeping in and could lead to an explosion, said Waxman.
"Yet it appears the companies did not suspend operations, and now 11 workers are dead and the Gulf faces an environmental catastrophe," he said, asking why work wasn't stopped on the well.
"This is one of the key things the investigation is going to have to look at," said Lamar McKay, chairman and president of BP America.
Witnesses before the panel, which included executives from the three primary companies working on the well - BP, Transocean, and Halliburton - said the course of events and actions leading up to the explosion is still under investigation, and will come to light over time.
BP's deepwater oil well, 40 miles off the coast of Louisiana, is now leaking some 200,000 gallons of crude a day following the explosion that claimed 11 lives.
Lawmakers also wanted to know why a valve sitting atop the well, known as a blowout preventer, or a BOP, failed to close and avert the disaster.
"It is far too early to draw conclusions about how the incident occurred," said Jack Moore, president and CEO of Cameron International (CAM, Fortune 500), the company that built the device. "Our BOPs have a very long history of reliable performance, including performance in some of the harshest operating conditions in the world."
Rep. Bart Stupak, D-Mich., said the blowout preventer may have failed for four reasons: Modifications to it may have reduced the number of shears that can close the well; a hydraulic leak may have knocked it out of commission; it may have hit a section of pipe that was too thick to cut; and its battery power may have died.
The executives said the blowout preventer is not designed to handle all situations, especially when it becomes clogged with debris from an actual explosion.
"I would think that your blowout preventer should be designed to handle that," said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas.
Lawmakers also criticized proposed efforts to seal the well by injecting rubber debris down the top, including old golf balls and bits of tires.
"The American people expect a response on par with the Apollo Project, not Project Runway," said Rep. Ed Markey, D-Mass.
Senate hearings
On Tuesday, hearings in the Senate focused on similar themes: what caused the well to explode, and why the blowout preventer did not work.
Three executives from the three principal companies working on the well all blamed each other.
BP (BP), which owns the well and subcontracted the other companies to work on it, said it was Transocean's job to ensure that the blowout preventer was functioning. Transocean was the owner of the drilling rig that sunk, the Deepwater Horizon, and also owned the blowout preventer.
Transocean (RIG) said the blowout preventer worked just fine in tests, and that it may have gotten jammed with concrete or other well fluids that were injected by a third contractor, causing the well to explode. Either way, argued Transocean's president, it was the faulty well, not the rig or the blowout preventer, that ultimately caused the leak.
Halliburton (HAL, Fortune 500) was the third contractor; it injected cement and other well fluids into the hole before the explosion. But a Halliburton exec said it was only following the orders of BP, which wanted a heavier fluid, known as mud, removed from the well before the well was capped with a concrete plug.
Some senators, citing a Wall Street Journal report, said this process of removing the heavy fluid before the concrete plug is installed is unusual in deep water drilling, and suggested it may have caused the accident by allowing the highly pressurized oil and gas to escape. But Halliburton's executive said the process was not out of the ordinary.
The Minerals Management Service, the federal agency that regulates offshore drilling, has also come under fire in the wake of the spill.
On Tuesday, senators wanted to know why there weren't other back-up systems in place to stop a leak besides the blowout preventer, and questioned why the blowout preventer may not have been able to cut through thicker sections of pipe to pinch it shut and stop a leak. Lawmakers also questioned the agency's relationship with the oil industry, which some have described as cozy.
The Obama administration announced plans Tuesday to split the agency in two, thus removing an apparent conflict of interest between the drive to maximize oil production and efforts to ensure safety, which could slow drilling down.
Under federal law, BP, as the lead project operator, is responsible for all clean-up costs associated with the spill.
While the subcontractors are thought to have some legal indemnification from BP and the federal government, lawyers say they could still be open to lawsuits from fisherman and others affected by the spill.
Ultimately, experts have said the total cost of the spill could range from $2 billion to $14 billion or higher, depending on when the leaking well is closed and where the oil washes ashore.
The drop-off and pick-up areas at LAX. Lyft will begin picking up arrivals from the airport on Wednesday, but will have to pick them up upstairs in from the departures area (Photo by Rainer_UMC via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr)
It has been a long time coming: finally, Lyft can pick you up from LAX.
On Tuesday, the office of Mayor Eric Garcetti announced that Lyft would be the first ridesharing service that will be allowed to pick up passengers from LAX, effective at 8 a.m., Wednesday morning. Although it comes many, many months after the mayor's promise to have them picking up passengers by the summer, at least it comes just as the holiday travel season gets into full swing.
For now, Lyft is "excited to be the exclusive ride-share option" of LAX, spokeswoman Chelsea Wilson told the L.A. Times. Uber has not yet received approval to pick up passengers. "We're really excited that L.A. travelers will now be able to get a Lyft ride to and from LAX," she added.
Unlike most arrivals at LAX, Lyft users will have to walk upstairs to the departures level in order to get picked up by a driver. After hailing a ride on the app, users will then follow signs marked "ride service" to the upper level where a driver will be waiting for them. A $4 fee for each pickup and drop-off will be charged to Lyft by the airport, and that cost will likely be passed on to the user.
Although one of the holdups was the concern that Lyft and Uber drivers did not undergo the same background checks as taxi drivers, the City Council ultimately decided not to change the rules.
The L.A. Times report did not say when Uber would be allowed to pick up passengers from LAX.
New Orleans Man Who Kidnapped Trans Woman Granted 'Rare' Minimum Sentence
A New Orleans man who kidnapped, robbed, and demanded sex at gunpoint from a transgender woman in December has been sentenced to 10 years for armed robbery after accepting a plea deal that dropped kidnapping, assault, and attempted rape charges, reports the city's Times-Picayune.
Joseph Pittman, 30, offered a local 46-year-old trans woman a ride home from French Quarter gay bar Le Roundup at 8:30 p.m. on December 14, but when he got to the intersection where she asked him to turn towards her Bywater home, he instead allegedly pulled out a handgun and ordered her to lay down in his pickup truck.
Authorities told the Times-Picayune that Pittman knew that the woman, whose name has not been released to the press, was transgender. The bar where he abducted her is also known locally to cater to trans clientele.
Pittman drove his victim to a secluded spot nearby and ordered her to perform oral sex, according to police. When she refused, Pittman took her purse, withdrew her phone and a wallet containing $180, and demanded she lay down again as he drove once more. He eventually let her go in eastern New Orleans, about 12 miles from where she was originally abducted.
The victim was able to remember Pittman's license plate number, which allowed police to track down his vehicle. Three days later, authorities issued a warrant for Pittman on December 17, who faced charges of second-degree kidnapping, armed robbery, aggravated assault, and attempted rape, among other counts. Police finally apprehended him on January 15 and, after the victim was able to identify Pittman in a photo lineup, he was held on $125,000 bond, according to the Times-Picayune.
Pittman has been held for the last six months as his public defender, Sarah Chervinsky, and prosecutor Laruen Favret, crafted a plea deal allowing him to serve for only one count: armed robbery. Originally facing a sentence of up to 198 years — a total compounded by previous drug-related charges — Pittman will now serve 10 years.
While plea deals are a common legal practice, the presiding judge said his decisionmaking in Pittman's case was unusual, according to the Times-Picayune:
"'Mr. Pittman, this could have ended real bad,' said Orleans Parish Criminal District Court Judge Franz Zibilich. 'I, for one, very rarely authorize the minimum sentence of 10 years for an armed robbery. You'll still be a young man when you come home, sir. And I hope you'll make better choices in your life from now on.'"
Pittman thanked the judge in response.
Anti-transgender crime occurs often in New Orleans, as part of a national trend of violence that targets trans women, and especially trans women of color, say local trans advocates. In February, 21-year-old black New Orleans trans woman Penny Proud was fatally shot in an apparent attempted robbery, stirring national outcry. Proud's death was the fifth reported murder of a trans woman in the U.S. this year in an "epidemic" that has since seen four more known casualties.
Local activists and others, including The Advocate, drew attention to the Times-Picayune's decision to originally misgender Proud in their February reporting, contradictory to journalistic standards endorsed by the Associated Press and GLAAD. Although reporter Prescotte Stokes was unapologetic about his reporting practices, columnist Jarvis DeBerry did publish an op-ed addressing his own lack of knowledge of reporting standards around trans violence victims, saying he was unaware until reading The Advocate's reporting that women are targeted for being transgender.
Indianapolis Colts safety LaRon Landry, shown here during Sunday's game following a tackle of Tennesse Titans' RB Shonn Greene, was suspended four games by the NFL Monday for violating the league's performance enhancing drug policy. (Photo: Matt Kryger / The Star)
Colts starting free safety LaRon Landry, part of the team's high-priced 2013 class of free agents, will miss the next four games while serving an NFL-issued suspension for a violation of the league's performance-enhancing drug policy.
Landry will be eligible to return to the Colts' active roster on Oct. 27 following the team's Oct. 26 game against the Pittsburgh Steelers and will lose $750,000 from his $3 million base salary.
While Landry has been inconsistent in his year-plus with the Colts, the loss will be significant because of the Colts' lack of depth at safety.
Having already lost projected starting strong safety Delano Howell to a season-ending neck injury, the Colts have relied on Landry and veteran Mike Adams as the starters.
Landry's absence will likely require the Colts to promote Sergio Brown to the starting lineup. Brown has never been a full-time player, making his mark primarily as a special-teamer during his five-year career. Veteran Colt Anderson, who missed Sunday's game with a groin injury, could be in the mix, too.
Adams, a former Denver Broncos starter, has been increasingly effective since joining the lineup, making two interceptions in Sunday's win over the Tennessee Titans.
This is the Colts' second such suspension this season, with linebacker Robert Mathis' four-game suspension ending Monday. Mathis won't play this season after tearing his Achilles tendon in a personal workout during his suspension.
In addition to Mathis and Landry, owner Jim Irsay has two games remaining on his six-game suspension following his guilty plea on Sept. 2 to one count of Operating a Vehicle While intoxicated, a Class C misdemeanor. He was also fined $500,000 by the NFL. The Colts released receiver LaVon Brazill in July after he was suspended for the season following his third violation of the league's substance-abuse policy.
Landry is the Colts' second-leading tackler with 23, including a sack. He was signed to a four-year, $24 million contract before the 2013 season.
Landry, as he often does, posted an Instagram noting his workout regimen for the day, Monday afternoon.
He also tweeted a message that read, "Sometimes things aren't what they appear to be," before quickly deleting the tweet. Landry did not elaborate.
As was the case with Mathis – who said his PED violation stemmed from the use of a fertility drug that can be used as a masking agent – Landry may have appealed the ruling. But because the specifics of PED cases are kept confidential, it's not known whether Landry availed himself of that option.
The Colts offered no comment on the suspension. The news was announced shortly after the conclusion of the team's media availability on Monday, during which Landry was not present.
Landry is renowned for his fierce weight-room workouts and his cartoonish muscles. During the offseason, he works out multiple times per day and is an avid user of various supplements and an endorser for MusclePharm products.
Landry, however, had never previously been suspended for steroid use.
Landry's suspension comes on the heels of another strong performance from the Colts' secondary. The Colts are limiting opponents to a quarterback rating of 84.5, seventh-best in the NFL. They have dominated overmatched quarterbacks Chad Henne (Jacksonville) and Charlie Whitehurst (Tennessee) in consecutive weeks.
The Colts conducted workouts with several safeties last week, including former Dolphin and Texan Chris Clemons. He had not heard back from the team Monday afternoon and was en route to another workout for a different team, his agent said. Also reportedly working out for the team were Bacarri Rambo and M.D. Jennings.
Undrafted rookie Dewey McDonald was promoted from the practice squad, but it's possible the team would still explore signing a veteran safety.
Follow Star reporter Stephen Holder on Twitter: @HolderStephen.
I spent much of my programming youth in object-oriented land, so I grew accustomed to attaching patterns to object-oriented features. In particular, when I heard the word "abstraction," my thoughts automatically drifted to interfaces and abstract classes. I used to think that classes were the only way to eliminate concrete dependencies (code that is tightly coupled to its own implementation details). I was wrong. I was wrong because I had an incomplete understanding of functions.
The Command Pattern
The Command pattern is a classic object-oriented solution to the concrete-dependency problem. It's great because it defines a simple interface for passing around actions. Here's a contrived example depicting how we would use it to hide sorting-algorithm details from the rest of our system.
class Sorter : def __init__ ( self , data , comparator ): self . data = data self . comparator = comparator def do ( self ): # ... result = self . comparator . compare ( self . data [ x ], self . data [ y ]) # ... class SomeInteractor : def present ( self ): # ... sorter = Sorter ( items , item_comparator ) SomePresenter () . show ( sorter ) class SomePresenter : def show ( self , sorter ): # ... sorted_items = sorter . do () # ...
There is nothing wrong with this setup from an abstraction point of view. If we need to write a sorting algorithm, then we should separate it from presentation concerns. That's not the problem. There is only a problem if you are reading this and thinking that this is the only way.
Object-Oriented Thinking (OOT) Syndrome
The Command pattern is very simple, but let's think more about what it really does. At first glance, I am tempted to think of it as an object pattern. It looks like the Sorter constructor is saying, "Please give me something that knows how to compare." The Sorter , however, probably doesn't really want something that knows how to compare. It just wants to compare!
In my formative years, this difference was lost on me. "If you want to sort, then you need a sorter. If you want to compare, then you need a comparator." These musings may sound innocent, but they are symptoms of OOT syndrome. Objects help us describe and manage state, but sometimes we don't need state to solve our problem. And when we keep things around that we don't need, they become distractions. (I'm talking about code here, but feel free to apply this philosophy to the rest of your life.)
Depending on Contracts
The Dependency Inversion Principle, said most concisely as "depend on abstractions, not concretions," has nothing to do with interfaces, specifically. It's a principle based on contracts. It allows us to connect pieces of code without each individual piece having too much knowledge or power. Interfaces are one way we can make contracts, but we can do the same with function signatures!
Using functions as abstractions is not a new concept. First-class functions are baked into many, though not all, modern languages. Here's a re-imagination of our sorting solution above, which uses sort and compare functions instead of objects:
# in quick.py def sort ( data , compare ): # ... result = compare ( data [ x ], data [ y ]) # ... class SomeInteractor : def present ( self ): # ... SomePresenter () . show ( quick . sort , utils . compare ) class SomePresenter : def show ( self , sort , compare ): # ... sorted_items = sort ( items , compare ) # ...
The Human Benefit
First, notice the difference in communicative value. Our functional approach simplifies our internal language and our external interface. Programmers in object-oriented contexts can get so used to the syndrome that they do not realize that their code is overly specialized. "Comparator" is not a word, and "sorter" barely qualifies. We see these funky verb-to-noun transformations so often that we no longer give them much thought. Maybe instead of noun-ifying a verb, we should re-function-ify the object!
Second, this solution relieves us of the temptation to carry more state than needed. Notice that in the Sorter class above, we store the data as a field. So what would happen in this case:
# sorter parameter sorter = Sorter ( items , comparator ) # ... items = map ( items , someAwesomeTransformation ) sorted_items = sorter . do ()
The Sorter runs the risk of operating upon outdated data! Whenever we duplicate state management (instead of delegating it), we are forced to keep multiple records in sync. Since our function, however, has discrete entry and exit points, we don't need to manage fields. Functions' implicit data-in-data-out pattern often lends to simpler and clearer code.
How To Get There
If you are still recovering from OOT, it's OK. I am still tempted to rely on state and complicated names. Here is a tangible approach that might be helpful as you are solving your next concrete-dependency problem:
Identify actions masked as objects by looking for verb-to-noun transformations and state duplication Refactor those classes using the Command pattern Combine the constructor and do method to create a command function Keep the function namespaced! We do not want to end up with a bunch of global functions.
Sometimes, you need to guarantee that you have a packaged, cohesive group of functionality and state. In those cases, you probably want to depend on an interface, protocol, or abstract class. Other times, probably most of the time, you really just want to guarantee that you can do something when you need to.
Next time you face a concrete-dependency problem, think about what you really want your system to do and communicate. Interfaces are just dandy, but they are not your only option.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has rebuffed calls for Mal Brough to stand aside while police examine his role in the James Ashby affair, but has left open the possibility if new developments emerge.
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten had earlier called for Mr Brough to stand aside as Special Minister of State until the police investigation is complete.
Mr Brough has previously admitted to encouraging James Ashby, a former aide to Mr Brough's political rival Peter Slipper, to make copies of the former Speaker's diary. These were then leaked to the media in a bid to damage Mr Slipper, who subsequently lost the seat of Fisher to Mr Brough at the 2013 election.
Earlier this month Australian Federal Police raided the homes of Mr Brough and Mr Ashby in connection with their investigation into whether any laws were broken in copying and distributing the diary records of Mr Slipper, a former Commonwealth officer.
Skip to comments.
Teen Blinded When Frog Shot From Potato Gun
Posted on by Ag88
Teen blinded when frog shot from potato gun Associated Press
DALLAS - A teenager was blinded after being struck in the face with a frog shot from a so-called "potato gun."
Daniel Benjamin Berry, 17, received the injury after he looked down the barrel of the gun's PVC pipe barrel and was hit in the face by the frog.
"He is going to be blind in both eyes," Daniel's mother, Lisa Berry, said.
Potato guns are made of pipe with one end sealed. A potato is wedged into the open end and a flammable liquid put into a sealed chamber is ignited, launching the object.
Denton County Sheriff's Department spokesman Kevin Patton said the accident occurred about 1 a.m. Sunday when Daniel Berry joined a crowed of teenagers watching the gun be fired.
When it misfired, Daniel Berry looked down the barrel to see what was wrong when the gun went off, Patton said.
"He said it just went off. It was a misfire. It hit him square in the face," Lisa Berry said, adding that her son had broken bones in his face that would require surgery.
Patton said no charges would be filed.
"This is the first incident involving a potato gun that we have had to deal with," he said. "What are you going to do? This was an accident."
Lisa Berry said the accident ruined her son's career dreams.
"All he ever wanted to do was be an Air Force pilot," she said. "That isn't going to happen now."
TOPICS:
Culture/Society
Extended News
KEYWORDS:
banglist
chump
darwin
didnotseeitcoming
fool
frog
frogbaseball
gun
idiot
loser
moron
potato
potatogun
spudgun
spudzooka
teen
Poor Kid.
To: Jonathon Spectre
words fail me
To: Ag88
One of the guys at work has one. He fired it off a few times in the parking lot (using hair spray as a propellant). Somebody called the cops :P
To: Ag88
"Don't mess with green people." -Kermit
To: Ag88
Too bad his parents never taught him to look down the barrel of a projectile tube!
Somewhere PETA is cheering for frog rights.
by 5 posted onby anobjectivist (The natural rights of people are more basic than those currently considered)
To: Ag88
I know this isn't funny.... but it is.
To: Ag88
I dunno.kinda hard to feel sorry for someone who looks down the barrel of a gun just fired to see the blockage. I'd hate to think what damage he could have done with an aircraft.
To: Ag88
A Darwin Alert is required for this thread.
by 8 posted onby AxelPaulsenJr (Get High on Life, Not Drugs)
To: Ag88
Daniel Berry looked down the barrel to see what was wrong Does this call for a hold my beer alert? I have a potato gun, it is a lot of fun I will soon be moving up to a pumpkin / watermelon gun
To: Ag88
Dawin award assures no airforce career.
by 10 posted onby Ursus arctos horribilis ("It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees!" Emiliano Zapata 1879-1919)
To: Ag88
there is a reason your mother told you that you could put your eye out....
To: Ag88
That has my nomination for "headlines you never expected to read."
To: Ag88
Experience is a harsh teacher. Sometimes you don't get a second chance. I feel sorry for the kid.
I can only hope the doctors turn out to be wrong and he gets his vision back through some miracle.
To: anobjectivist
Too bad his parents never taught him to look down the barrel of a projectile tube!
All too true, and the chance of him learning that at school
is not very good either.
Feel for the kid, was he charged with animal cruelty?
by 14 posted onby tet68 (Jeremiah 51:24 ..."..Before your eyes I will repay Babylon for all the wrong they have done in Zion")
To: Ag88
How's the frog?
To: AxelPaulsenJr
"Here, hold my .......toad." ???
by 16 posted onby EggsAckley ( Midnight at the Oasis......)
To: HIDEK6
Frog looses eyesight after collision with human.
by 17 posted onby tet68 (Jeremiah 51:24 ..."..Before your eyes I will repay Babylon for all the wrong they have done in Zion")
To: Ag88
It was a misfire. Technically speaking, it was a "hangfire"...
by 18 posted onby umbagi (There is no opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it. -- Cicero)
To: Ag88
I feel sorry for the frog.
by 19 posted onby Junior (Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.)
To: Screaming_Gerbil
Talk about an amphibious assault....
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
WATCH: Police Officer Shot at Point-Blank Range, Still Issues Ticket
School's Letter to Parents: You Can Request New Report Card With 'Higher Grades'
Police in Crossville, Tennessee, say a 7-year-old boy has died after he was accidentally shot by another child with a firearm that was left in the car.
AP reported:
The Crossville Police Department said in a news release that four children were left alone inside a car Monday afternoon while their mother and stepfather entered a cellphone store. Authorities say one of the children found a semi-automatic pistol left inside the mother's purse and accidentally shot a 7-year-old boy. The unidentified boy was flown to a hospital and died later that evening. Crossville police they will turn their findings over to the district attorney general.
The Crossville Police Chief says it was a tragic accidental shooting. "Things just happen," he said. @NC5 pic.twitter.com/lobwdKEV0a — Matthew Torres (@NC5_MTorres) January 26, 2016
According to WATE-TV, the victim was found by police with a head wound and flown to a trauma center in Knoxville.
The eight-year-old older boy was reportedly attempting to unload the handgun when it accidentally discharged.
UPDATE: The parents have been identified and the gun was reportedly a .380 Taurus semi-automatic handgun.
An investigator said the eight-year-old boy thought he had unloaded the gun, but there was still one round in the chamber and it accidentally discharged.
The district attorney will ultimately decide whether to file any charges, while the Department of Children's Services is investigating possible child abuse or neglect by the parents.
Read more, here.
Indiana Councilman Accused of Murder Sworn In from Jail
WATCH: Baby Shuts Eyes, Says Cutest 'Amen' While Family Says Grace
Dog Accidentally Runs Half Marathon, Places Seventh
VIRAL: YouTuber's Snowboard Ride Around NYC Is Joyfully Rebellious
'A Political Hit Job': Judge Nap Blasts Indictments of Anti-Abortion Activists
2017 List by Category
Advocacy & Government
Nisha Agarwal, Commissioner at the NYC Mayor's Office of Immigrant Affairs
Jose Antonio Vargas, Deportation Activist
Cathy Dang, Executive Director of CAAAV
Jane Kim, Member of San Francisco Board of Supervisors
Kalaya'an Mendoza, Field Director at Amnesty International
Stephanie Murphy, Florida Congresswoman
Yuh-Line Niou, Politician
Reihan Salam, Conservative Columnist
Jeff Sheng, Photographer and LGBT Activist
Jason Tengco, Executive Director of NAFFAA
Business & Tech
Connie Chan, Partner at Andreessen Horowitz
Jimmy Chen, Founder and CEO at Propel
Zahir Dossa, Co-founder of Function of Beauty
Sarah Guo, Investor at Greylock Partners
Arun Gupta, Founder of Grailed
Prerna Gupta, Founder & CEO of HOOKED
Payal Kadakia, Founder of ClassPass
Brian Lam, Founding Editor of The Wirecutter
Alice Lee, Illustrator
Bobby Murphy, Co-founder of Snapchat
Garry Tan, Venture Capitalist
Vicky Wu DiDonato, Global Manager of Partnerships at ZX Ventures
David Yi, Founder of Very Good Light
Entertainment
Utkarsh Ambudkar, Actor
Ivory Aquino, Actress
Kim Chi, Drag Queen
Ronny Chieng, Comedian
Justin Chon, Actor
Priyanka Chopra, Actress
Jason Kim, Screenwriter
Greta Lee, Actress
Telly Leung, Actor
Jon M. Chu, Director
Hasan Minhaj, Comedian
Kumail Nanjiani, Actor
Danny Pudi, Actor
Phillipa Soo, Actress
Ali Wong, Comedian
Hudson Yang, Actor
Alan Yang, Co-creator of Master of None
Kinjaz, Dance Crew
Fashion
Mark Bustos, Hairstylist at Three Squares Studio
Dao-Yi Chow, Fashion Designer at Public School
Olivia Kim, VP of Creative Projects at Nordstrom
Chrissy Teigen, Model
Food
Hannah and Marian Cheng, Founders of Mimi Cheng's
Gibson and Jackson Ho, Founders of Red Star Brooklyn
Bin Chen and Andrew Chau, Founders of Boba Guys
Shirley Chung, Chef
Lisa Fetterman, Founder of Nomiku
Deuki Hong, Chef
Francis Lam, Food Writer
Chris Oh, Chef
Kevin Pang, Food Editor of the A.V. Club
Nicole Ponseca, Restaranteur
Sheldon Simeon, Chef
Clarissa Wei, Freelance Journalist
Chris Ying, Editor of Lucky Peach
Media
Krishna Andavolu, Host and Executive Producer of WEEDIQUETTE
Jade Chang, Author of The Wangs Vs. The World
Kathy Tu and Tobin Low, Co-hosts of Nancy
Lee Fang, Investigative Reporter at The Intercept
Jiayang Fang, Staff Writer at The New Yorker
Hua Hsu, Associate Professor of English at Vassar College
Christopher Lew, Associate Curator at the Whitney Museum of American Art
Mike Lew, Playwright of Tiger Style!
Michael Luo, Editor at The New York Times
Sameer Rao, Writer for Colorlines
Jason Shen, Founder of Asian American Man Project
Ocean Vuong, Poet
Music
Kim Anh, DJ
Bhi Bhiman, Musician
Judith Hill, Singer
River Run North, Indie Folk Rock Band
Nosaj Thing, Producer
Nancy Whang, DJ
Science
Vivek Murthy, 19th United States Surgeon General
Andrew Hsu, Founder of Airy Labs
Sports
Nathan Adrian, Swimmer
Scout Bassett, Paralympic Runner
Danny Chau, Associate Editor of The Ringer
Nathan Chen, Figure Skater
Chris Cheng, Marksman
Mina Kimes, Senior Writer at ESPN Magazine
Rajeev Ram, Tennis Player
Amar Ramasar, Principal Dancer at New York City Ballet
Addison Russell, Chicago Cubs Infielder
Ashima Shiraishi, Rock Climber
As the national conversation around racism and police brutality quickly fades—ramped up briefly in the wake of Michael Brown's death—U.S. taxpayers remain stuck footing the bills for their local law enforcement's aggressive behavior. This week alone, Baltimore agreed to pay $49,000 to man who sued over a violent arrest in 2010, Philadelphia agreed to pay $490,000 to a man who was abused and broke his neck while riding in a police van in 2011, and St. Paul agreed to pay $95,000 to a man who suffered a skull injury, a fractured eye socket, and a broken nose in 2012.
In 2013, Chicago paid out a stunning $84.6 million in police misconduct settlements, judgments, and legal fees. Bridgeport, Connecticut, paid a man $198,000 this past spring after video footage captured police shooting him twice with a stun gun, then stomping all over him as he lay on the ground. And in California, Oakland recently agreed to pay $4.5 million to settle a lawsuit a man filed after being shot in the head, leaving him with permanent brain damage. You get the picture.
The thing is, these steep payments rarely come from the police department budgets—instead they're financed through the city's general coffers or the city's insurance plan. It's the taxpayer, not the law enforcement agency, who pays the price.
“That's why these enormous financial penalties do not seem to actually impact what police do,” said David Harris, a law professor at the University of Pittsburgh who specializes in criminal justice issues. “Conceivably, if cities didn't want this to happen, they could say this will come out of your [police] budget.”
Other scholars have proposed this, too. Between 2006 and 2011, the total number of claims filed for offenses like false arrest and police brutality in New York City increased by 43 percent. So Joanna Schwartz, a law professor at UCLA, suggested the city could take money from its police budget to pay the associated legal costs. “Perhaps if the department held its own purse strings, it would find more to learn from litigation,” Schwartz wrote in the New York Times. This past June, Schwartz published a study that concluded individual cops almost never pay for their misconduct—rather, “governments paid approximately 99.98 percent of the dollars that plaintiffs recovered in lawsuits alleging civil rights violations by law enforcement.”
But the politics of pushing police departments to change or make concessions can be difficult. A recent Gallup poll found that across the country, 56 percent of adults hold “a great deal or quite a lot of confidence” in the police as an institution. If a majority of Americans feel positively about law enforcement, gathering the political will needed to compel change becomes tough.
“Most political leaders don't have the guts for it, or the stomach for it, so we go around and around and cities pay out buckets of money from their own funds or they buy insurance,” said Harris. “As a result, the settlement costs do not act as a deterrence.”
Video footage might help to change this: The vast proliferation of video recording devices—ranging from individual cell phones to police surveillance cameras—have forced many citizens to watch incidents they might have otherwise tried to deny ever happened. Law enforcement and city officials, too, can't as easily obfuscate brutal incidents from the record.
It's possible that the combination of accessible video footage and increasingly expensive lawsuits might at last force cities to re-evaluate the cost of police brutality. This month, a disturbing video surfaced of a Baltimore police officer repeatedly punching a man in June; a $5 million lawsuit was then filed against the cop and the footage will be used as evidence. After seeing the video, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings Blake criticized the police department and directed the commissioner to develop a “comprehensive” plan to address his agency's systemic brutality.
The following week, two city council members proposed legislation that would require every Baltimore police officer to wear a body camera, in order to reduce instances of improper behavior.
This is all mildly encouraging, but as long as the cost of the jury verdicts, settlements and legal fees fall outside of the police budgets, the economic incentives for departmental reform will stay low. It's also important to note that filing a civil rights lawsuit is not easy; the overwhelming majority of claims do not result in huge payouts nor is it easy to secure legal representation—even if the plaintiff was clearly wronged, notwithstanding all the new technological means to collect evidence. The cases take a long time and the pay can be precarious. David Packman, a private researcher who established The National Police Misconduct Reporting Project says that both the lack of financial penalties “sufficient to outrage taxpayers” and the fact that “fewer and fewer lawyers take on police misconduct cases” helps explain why localities don't feel much pressure to introduce meaningful systemic reforms.
Unfortunately, as long as these trends persist, the taxpayer bill is likely to grow.
In a recent post, Jared Bernstein discussed asked ‘Inequality: why now?.' Among his answers was the Occupy movement, alongside the sheer fact of growing inequality. Bernstein attributed that latter to fact to, among other things, the decline in tax and transfer: “the system of taxes and transfers has become less effective over time at pushing back on the rising tide of pretax income inequality.” Hence the by now well-known chart
Bernstein's view is a familiar liberal interpretation of the kind of conflict that is emerging. The major inequality at stake is one of income, the major problem is the decline of progressive taxation and the withering of welfare benefits. This view radically undersells the kinds of concerns that inform the Occupy and related movements, and it is even more limited as a piece of social analysis.
There is no single view on economic inequality at Occupy Wall Street or elsewhere, but it is clear that the concern is with a wider form of inequality than mere earning power. The ability to meet basic needs is of course important, and is why pushing back against housing and student debt has been a recurring theme. But the relevant inequalities are of social and political power more widely. One sees demands for transforming work, for ending corporations, for real democracy and political equality, for socializing the means of production and for anarchist productive collectives. Some of these demands are contradictory, others downright undesirable. But they have in common the view that the inequality problem here is more fundamental than mere differences in income. Even income inequality itself tends to be seen as a consequence of differences in social and economic power.
Again, Occupy is a diverse, many-headed hydra. But even if we take something like Berntein's argument as just a piece of social analysis it is also surprisingly limited. Bernstein seems to think that the key problem is the attack on welfare benefits and tax cuts. However, changes in tax policy have surprisingly little to do with the dramatic increase in income (and wealth) inequality. Rather, as an important paper by Bakija et al. observes, it is not taxes but changes in the underlying structure of the economy over the past thirty years that have produced dramatic inequalities. In particular, the increasing financialization of the economy, and the use of various modes of compensation linking executive pay to the stock market, rather than long-run firm performance, have mattered much more. As we have discussed elsewhere, and as Doug Henwood described expertly in Wall St. many years ago, this change in compensation was part of a wider class project of transforming managers into extensions of shareholder capital, and creating incentives for them to squeeze workers ever harder. Workers who were facing declining ability to defend their earnings due to, among other things, declining unionization and weakening labor militancy.
This class project took place not just at the level of the firm, but also the state. There were various bills, like the Gramm-Leach-Bliley act, deregulating banking. And there was, of course, the Fed. When then Fed Chairman Paul Volcker (yes, that Volcker, of the Volcker rule) jacked up interest rates from 1979 through the early 1980s, declaring “the standard of living of the average American must decline,” this was the opening shot of the Reagan era offensive against the working class. Volcker forgot to mention that this was so that “the standard of living of the top 20% of Americans will increase.” The Fed has in fact consistently served certain interests over others, not just because of some conspiratorial connections, but because the ‘expert' knowledge supplied by bankers and their friends at the Fed are taken simply as value neutral economic advice, rather than as highly interested knowledge. How else are we to understand recent revelations that the Fed loaned $7.7 trillion interest-free to major banks between August 2007 and April 2010, only to have the banks loan most of that back to the US (via bond purchases and the like) at a higher interest rate – yielding them $13 billion in profits? We should take at face value Fed statements that “Our lending programs served to prevent a collapse of the financial system and to keep credit flowing to American families and businesses.” This was not just some secret project to redistribute money upwards to the Fed's banker friends. It was also the working of ideology – the belief that the only way to save the economy was to shovel more and more money into the banks sitting at the top so as to get the credit wheel spinning again. This is a belief that developed and won hegemonic status over a long period of time, winning acceptance well beyond those whose interests it has served (remember this recent debate in which Yglesias argued for easier money against the now prescient objections of, among others, Henwood and Robin?). This belief forms part of the debt-based social model that has dominated our political economy for decades.
In other words, at the level of the firm, the state, and ruling ideology, the key inequality has been an inequality of class power, not just earning potential. That, in the end, is the inequality that matters.
Advertisements
Republican money groups may be shying away from the seemingly doomed Trump campaign, but America's most well-financed militia group is going all-in and then some.
National Rifle Association committees making independent campaign expenditures to oppose Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton have spent more than $14 million on the race, surpassing the spending of the most active pro-Trump Super PAC. [...] As of October 12, the NRA had already spent a record-breaking $21 million attempting to get Trump elected, nearly double the $12 million the group spent in its failed “all in” effort to elect Romney in 2012.
The NRA's move to the top of that pro-Trump money pile comes even as other key Republican groups have all but ceded the election.
Two outside groups aligned with Republicans, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Senate Leadership Fund, have begun running television commercials in Senate races implying that Mr. Trump's defeat is likely and asking voters to send Republican lawmakers to Washington as a check on Mrs. Clinton. And the Congressional Leadership Fund, a powerful “super PAC” that supports Republicans in the House of Representatives, will begin running ads in the coming days that attack Democratic candidates as “rubber stamps” for Mrs. Clinton, and urge voters in swing districts to support a Republican instead.
So let's review: The now-leading money group for the candidate who claims the election might be stolen from him by illicit forces is a conspiracy-peddling group fond of explaining that Americans need guns so that they can start murdering people if they believe their government to be conspiring against them in illicit ways.
Yeah. I don't think it's going to work out well either.
A new self-driving shuttle bus got off to a bumpy start in Las Vegas.
When the service debuted in the city on Wednesday, one of the driverless vehicles was involved in a collision with a delivery truck, the Las Vegas government said in a statement.
During the incident in downtown Las Vegas, the bus automatically stopped to try to avoid an accident after its sensors detected the truck, the city said.
"Unfortunately, the delivery truck did not stop and grazed the front fender of the shuttle," it said. "Had the truck had the same sensing equipment that the shuttle has, the accident would have been avoided."
Related: Navya unveils its self-driving taxi
Local media reported that nobody was hurt in the accident.
The Las Vegas self-driving shuttle is a 12-month pilot project by AAA and Keolis, a transportation management company. The buses offer free rides on a 0.6 mile route around a district the city is developing as a technology hub.
The electric vehicles, which have eight seats, are made by Navya, a French company.
The pilot project will test how the self-driving shuttle fares as part of the city's transportation network while exposing the public to driverless technology.
The eight passengers inside the shuttle involved in the crash were all reported to have been wearing seat belts. One of them, Jenny Wong, told local broadcaster KLAS that it appeared that the truck driver hadn't seen the shuttle and continued to back up.
"We were all like, 'Oh my gosh, he's going to hit us, he's going to hit us,' and then, BAM!" she said.
Related: Waymo rolls out self-driving cars without test drivers
The truck driver was cited by authorities over the accident, the city said.
The shuttle was pulled from service for the rest of the day, but the city plans to continue the pilot project.
Though religious thought was key to early scientific breakthroughs, purists tend to erase this part of history. In his new book, What Galileo Saw: Imagining the Scientific Revolution, Lawrence Lipking reminds us of the real story.
"Contemporary enemies of science can all too easily appropriate the argument that scientific views are merely relative and contingent." That sentence appears, somewhat startlingly, near the conclusion of Lawrence Lipking's recently released What Galileo Saw: Imagining the Scientific Revolution. The sentiment itself isn't surprising; climate deniers, Christianists, and anti-vaxxers use any tactic they can to forward their views. But what's odd, in the context of the narrative, is labeling such people as "enemies of science." The bulk of Lipking's book is devoted to showing that the historical battle lines we tend to draw between science, religion, and art, aren't as bright and clear as we like to tell ourselves.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The pop culture account of science is, as Lipking, a Northwestern University emeritus professor of English, notes, one of continuous advancement and ever-clearer sight—or, alternately, one of ever-encroaching spiritual death, as cold technology alienates us from our true selves. But both narratives of progress and those of apocalypse erase the extent to which the scientific revolution was fired by religious fervor. Galileo, forced to recant his heliocentrism by the Church, nobly refused "to be swayed by myths or orthodoxies," and boldly declared, "Nevertheless it moves." Except, there's no record that he said that; the rejection of myths and orthodoxies is itself a myth—one of the founding stories of modernity's science code.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
If Galileo saw the moons of Jupiter through his theory, didn't Newton see gravity through his God?
Along the same lines, Descartes' famous mental experiment, in which he stripped the world down to what can be rationally known, was, it turns out, inspired by a series of vivid dreams, in which, Descartes believed, God had called him to a great work. Kepler introduced his epochal Third Law explaining planetary motion by declaring, "It is my pleasure to yield to inspired frenzy, it is my pleasure to taunt mortal men with the candid acknowledgement that I am stealing the golden vessels of the Egyptians to build a tabernacle to my God." As Lipking writes, "the brilliant mathematician in whose clockwork universe mankind still lives also pays homage to ancient wisdom and astrological charts."
The fact that the early scientific greats had numerous loopy ideas isn't usually seen as that much of a problem. Kepler's record as both an astronomer and an astrologer can be dismissed with mutterings about the superstitions of the time. The astrology is jettisoned, and the pure science is preserved.
Disaggregating isn't necessarily always that easy, though. For example, Francesco Sizzi, one of Galileo's critics, looked through the spyglass too—and where Galileo saw the moons of Jupiter, Sizzi saw nothing. Was this because he had poor eyes, or a bad telescope? Maybe, Lipking writes, "students of vision have repeatedly demonstrated [that] seeing something involves the mind as well as the eyes." Based on what we know now about science, Sizzi failed to see because he lacked a theory that would put those moons into context.
Galileo, on the other hand, could see because he had the right theory. Evidence does not lead to theory; theory provides the context for evidence. Which means that Galileo's discoveries came not just from a dispassionate evaluation of what he saw, but from his imagination. And if he imagined those moons of Jupiter, are we still imagining them with him?
Philosopher of science Paul Feyerabend notoriously took this kind of reasoning and used it to question the entire scientific program—to argue that there is no categorical distinction between the "correct" scientific worldview (the Earth goes around the sun) and the alternate, "incorrect" ones, except for current fashion and institutional authority. Feyerabend argued that there was no real reason at the time to believe that the telescope showed an accurate view of the heavens; Galileo's theories were based not on truth but on ad hoc guesses and leaps of faith—as Feyerabend argues, all science.
Lipking steps daintily around that particular gravitational pit; when he discusses Newton's millenarian religious musings, for example, he is careful to note that the scientist's breakthroughs "depended on meticulous calculations, not magical thinking." But the pit still yawns off to the side distractingly. What after all do we mean by "depended on"? Newton's intellectual pursuits were inspired by his religious beliefs, and arguably vice versa. If Galileo saw the moons of Jupiter through his theory, didn't Newton see gravity through his God? And if so, is the gravity there without the God?
The skepticism there may seem silly or excessive. Of course we know that Newton's gravity works. But then, don't we also in fact know, via Einstein, that Newton's gravity does not work? And how sure are we about Einstein's? Likpking points out that one of the most important engines of the Scientific Revolution was skepticism—the willingness to question received wisdom, the recognition that authority could not be a guarantor of truth. But as Lipking writes, "this unsheathed skepticism" is "a two-edged sword." Once you start questioning, where do you stop?
That's why those enemies of science often come across not as anti-science, but as hyped-up, manic, science on steroids. No one can site as much statistics as an anti-vaxxer; no one is more doubtful or more demanding of evidence than a climate denier or creationist. It isn't that these groups reject science, but that they take its skepticism too far, refusing the established, scientific consensus—rather like Galileo. The weapons of reason ultimately turn back on reason, until all certainty is voided, and we don't know whether Galileo said "it moves," or whether Newton understood gravity.
You could see this uncertainty as a failure of science; mixing astrology with your astronomy, or theory with your moons, or God with your machine might be taken as a loss to all those lurking enemies of reason and truth. But that seems overly defensive. We don't, or at least shouldn't, expect universal truth from, or universal acquiescence to, any of our dreams, whether it's religion, philosophy, or art, to the extent any of those can be separated.
In fact, one of Lipking's achievements is to put science in the context not just of religion, but of art and poetry. Part of the reason Galileo's ideas were so seductive was because he was an artist, who could express what he saw, and what he thought he saw, on paper for others to see. Science, in Lipking's telling, is not opposed to imagination. "Imagination validated science, in this new world; and science imagination," Lipking concludes. And that new world is still, in a lot of ways, the world we're living in, though the habit of imagining through science is so ingrained now that we sometimes miss the wonder of it. Galileo saw the Earth spinning around the sun, and we still see with his eyes and dream with his dreams.
Makerbot is in the gutter, 3D Systems and Stratasys stock is only a shadow of their 2014 glory, but this is the best year 3D printing has ever had. Machines are now good and cheap, there's a variety of various thermoplastic filaments, and printing useful objects – instead of just plastic trinkets – is becoming commonplace.
There's one area of 3D printing that hasn't seen as much progress, and it's the software stack. Slicing, the process of turning a 3D object into a Gcode file for a printer has been basically the same for the last few years. Dual extrusion is still a mess, and automated bed leveling is still in its infancy.
One aspect of slicing that has been severely overlooked is infill. Obviously, you don't want to print plastic trinkets completely solid – only the outside surface matters, and a part with 100% infill is just a waste of plastic. Different slicers have come up with different ways of filling the inside of a print, usually with a grid of squares, triangles, or hexagons.
While the most popular methods of filling in a 3D printed object do the job of adding a little bit of strength to a print and supporting the top layers of a print, it's not an ideal solution. The desired strength of the finished part is never taken into account, print artifacts are sometimes visible through the side of a print, and the spacing of the infill grid is completely arbitrary. You can only set a percentage of infill, and telling a slicer to make an internal support grid with 10mm spacing is impossible.
Type A Machines just changed all of this. With the release of their public beta of Cura Type A, the infill for a 3D printed part is also 3D. The dimensions of the infill are predictable, opening the door to stronger and better looking parts.
From the Type A press literature and white paper, this new type of ‘infill' isn't; it's more properly referred to as ‘internal structure', with proper dimensions between infill features. Instead of a grid of squares or triangles stacked one layer on top of each other, it's a true structure, with the infill following the perimeter of the 3D printed object.
Generating 3D Infill
Right now, infill is generated in a slicer by specifying a percentage. Zero percent infill means a hollow object, and 100% infill is a completely solid part. These two edge cases are easy, but anything else means the slicer must fill the part with filament in a grid of tessellating shapes, either rectangles, triangles, or hexagons. With current slicers, the dimensions of this internal structure are, for all practical purposes, random. Printing an object with 20% infill might mean a grid of squares with 5mm or 2mm spacing. Telling the slicer to infill a part with a grid of squares spaced 10mm apart is impossible.
Type A Machine's latest Cura release changes all of this, allowing a designer to set a precise distance between rows and columns of infill. By defining infill in absolute dimensions, this allows for stronger parts using less infill.
Absolute dimensioning is only one feature of the Type A Machine's latest release of Cura. Even more exciting is the development of 3D internal structure. Instead of stacking layers of squares, triangles, or hexagons on top of each other, Type A Machine's Cura uses an infill of cubes turned on their side. While each individual layer of infill looks like a series of triangles and irregular hexagons, when assembled into a printed 3D object, this infill forms a true 3D structure.
The closest comparison to this sort of structure is the difference between graphite and diamond. Both of these materials are made out of the same element, carbon. The physical structure of graphite is just, 1-atom-thick layers of graphene, producing a relatively weak material. Diamond, on the other hand, has a true 3D structure and is one of the hardest materials known to man. While adding 3D structure to the infill of 3D printed objects won't make the objects any stronger, it will drastically reduce delamination, and be much more resistant to stresses in all three dimensions.
While Type A Machines has done some great work here, it does mean there's yet another version of Cura to deal with. Type A Machine's Cura, in addition to the LulzBot edition and the original are now the defacto standard for turning 3D objects into printed parts. Having an open source solution is great, but forking the development this much surely can't be ideal.
Judge Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for Alabama's upcoming special Senate election, denies allegations that he romantically pursued teenagers as young as 14 when he was in his 30s. Even if the allegations are true, one statewide elected official in Alabama said it's "much ado about nothing." “There is nothing to see here,” Alabama State Auditor Jim Ziegler told the Washington Examiner. “The allegations are that a man in his early 30s dated teenage girls. Even the Washington Post report says that he never had sexual intercourse with any of the girls and never attempted sexual intercourse.”
After interviews with more than 30 people, the Washington Post reported Thursday that Moore engaged in sexual contact with a 14-year-old girl when he was 32 years old and a powerful attorney in a small Alabama town.
The young girl, Leigh Corfman, said Moore touched her over her bra and underpants, guiding her hand to his shorts. “I wanted it over with — I wanted out,” she recalled. “Please just get this over with. Whatever this is, just get it over.”
Ziegler seemed unconcerned about that allegation and told the Washington Examiner that any political concern would be mitigated by three things. Moore never had “sexual intercourse” with the girl. Their relationship “happened almost 40 years ago.” And finally, “Roy Moore fell in love with one of the younger women.”
Moore began dating his wife Kayla around this time, according to Ziegler. “He dated her. He married her, and they've been married about 35 years. They're blessed with a wonderful marriage and his wife Kayla is 14 years younger than Moore.”
Asked whether or not the report would upend Moore's campaign, Ziegler predicted that Alabama voters would be angrier at the Washington Post for “desperately trying to get something negative” than Moore for his dalliances with teenage girls decades ago.
“He's clean as a hound's tooth,” Ziegler claimed, before relying on Scripture to defend Moore.
“Take the Bible. Zachariah and Elizabeth for instance. Zachariah was extremely old to marry Elizabeth and they became the parents of John the Baptist,” Ziegler said choosing his words carefully before invoking Christ. “Also take Joseph and Mary. Mary was a teenager and Joseph was an adult carpenter. They became parents of Jesus.”
“There's just nothing immoral or illegal here,” Ziegler concluded. “Maybe just a little bit unusual.”
LIST: All of the Senate Republican reactions to the Roy Moore allegations
Al-Qaeda militants in Yemen killed two men accused of spying for the U.S. and hung their bodies off a bridge on Wednesday, a day after the jihadi group announced the death of its leader in an American drone strike.
The killings came a day after al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), as the Yemeni affiliate is known, said its leader, Nasir al-Wahishi, was killed in a U.S. drone strike last week.
al-Wahishi was a close associate of Osama bin Laden in the years leading up to the events of 9/11. Sent to a Yemeni prison in the aftermath of the attacks, al-Wahishi escaped with a large group of fellow prisoners in 2006. He's since been credited with the merger of two groups that resulted in the formation of the AQAP, which has been responsible for several attacks and attempts, including the 2009 "underwear bomb" attempt onboard a U.S. plane and January's Charlie Hebdo attack.
Witnesses said al-Qaeda gunmen in the southern city of Mukalla read out charges before fatally shooting the two men, one of whom was accused of guiding the drone that killed commander Nasr al-Ansi and a media liaison known as Muhannad Ghalab.
Al-Qaeda captured Mukalla in April after Yemen's army splintered between allies and opponents of Shiite rebels known as Houthis. But the city has proven to be something of a death trap, with U.S. drone strikes in and around Mukalla killing not only al-Wahishi and al-Ansi, but also a senior religious ideologue, Ibrahim al-Rubaish.
In a report published late Wednesday, the Washington Post said the CIA didn't even know al-Wahisi would be killed in the strike.
ISIS claims responsibility for car bombings
Elsewhere in Yemen, ISIS has claimed responsibility for a series of deadly bombings in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa that have killed and wounded dozens of people. Al Jazeera reports that the four targets hit were three mosques and the political headquarters of Yemen's Houthi rebels.
Online statement: ISIL in Yemen claims responsibility for car bomb attacks in Yemeni capital - @Reuters — Hashem Said (@hash_said) June 17, 2015
In a statement posted online, the so-called Sunni Muslim Islamic State said, "The soldiers of the Islamic State in Yemen, in a wave of military operations as revenge for the Muslims against the Houthi apostates, (detonated) four car bombs near the centers of Houthi apostasy."
A destroyed vehicle is seen at the site of a bomb attack in Sanaa, Yemen, Wednesday, June 17, 2015. Image: Osamh Abdulrhman/Associated Press
Another explosion earlier in the day destroyed the home of Abdel-Aziz Jubari, a politician participating in UN-led peace talks in Geneva that are aimed at bringing about a truce between Yemen's exiled General People's Congress government and the Iran-backed Houthi rebels. The UN has since announced that those talks, slated to end on Thursday, have been extended to Friday.
Additional reporting by Mashable.
Sebastian Vettel thinks Ferrari was closer to Mercedes than the final result suggested in Austria after he finished fourth due to a botched pit stop.
Vettel had hoped to challenge Mercedes from third in the grid but the world champions were able to ease away from his Ferrari after the opening laps. Kimi Raikkonen's early retirement and Vettel's pit stop issue meant neither Ferrari made the podium for the second race in a row.
Despite seeing another dominant Mercedes one-two Vettel, who finished 18 seconds behind race-winner Nico Rosberg, is remaining upbeat about the team's progress.
"I think it is a lot closer than we have been in the past, we were hoping to be closer to put some pressure on, especially in the opening laps," Vettel said. "But they were very impressive from their side and they were more than three tenths quicker per lap, then I think around the end it was more stabilised around one to three tenths a lap, which closed the gap we had to Williams.
"You are isolated from the running in third, but overall I think we were closer this weekend but unfortunately not close enough to put pressure on them."
Vettel appeared to be cruising to a routine third position before a problem at his pit stop delayed him and allowed Felipe Massa to leapfrog him. Ferrari boss Maurizio Arrivabene admitted it was similar to issue which saw Kimi Raikkonen have a slow stop in Australia.
"We had a problem with the wheel nut, and it's not the first time so we have now to make sure that it does not happen again," Arrivabene said. "It was not the problem of the mechanics that he was sending, it was our problem and we have to make sure we fix it."
Vettel had the chance to reclaim third position in the closing stages after catching Massa. However, once he got into DRS range he was unable to get close enough to pass and he praised the Brazilian for the way he drove under pressure.
"Last year the Williams was one of the hardest cars to overtake because they were so quick on the straights," Vettel said. "There are always two lines around a corner, the quick line but because he stayed online, it was difficult. Where you want to pass is on the straight or under braking but it was difficult to get close enough. I tried to push him into some mistakes, small mistakes, but there was never really a mistake that allowed me to."
(Charged)
Chapter 1: Long Tongue Liar
"Guilty!" CLACK
Ruby jumped awake with a start, she felt her arms pull against something on her wrists.
She pulled against the cuffs of her shackles, remembering where she was the moment the whir of the bus engine registered in her mind. The young brunette gazed down at her orange jumper.
"Prison," she whispered to herself, the sting of reality had lost its bite, however. Ruby Rose was going to spend the next two years of her life in a maximum security prison. She let out a wistful sigh as she peered out of the window, watching the desert zip past the bus.
Sand and more sand, she thought to herself as the featureless expanse stretched out in all directions. Schnee Correctional Facility, located in the middle of a salt flat, no escapes in over eighty years of operation. Not surprising where are you gonna go? You can get shot, go back, or thirst to death in the desert, either way, you were stuck.
The bus began to take a turn catching Ruby's attention given that they had driven in a straight line for the past hour. She gazed out the window catching a view of the facility. It was a huge compound with four high-security wings, the building loomed over the backdrop of the sky as the bus approached. The blocks were built into a giant square, a shared yard in the middle of the four buildings. Skywalks connected the buildings to one another. The perimeter was surrounded by chain link fence eleven feet tall topped with razor wire and guard towers placed every nine meters, snipers posted scanning the horizon as the bus pulled up to the first security checkpoint. The driver presented her ID and the guards waved them through the gate, this happened three more times before the bus pulled into the receiving area.
"Alright ladies, time to face the music!" The guard at the front of the bus stood up holstering her pump-action. "Stand up," she ordered, Ruby slowly rose to her feet looking around at the other riders for the first time, given that talking or raising your head during the ride would get you screamed at. The bus wasn't full by any means only about four other prisoners, one caught her attention though, a black haired girl with a bow on her head. "how had she been allowed a bow?" Ruby questioned.
The rear guard came forward ushering the girls off the bus, they shuffled in their shackles as they lined up on the hot concrete loading bay. A guard with a White ponytail tucked under her pitch black "SCF" baseball cap walked up to the new arrivals. She wore a standard uniform consisting of a black bulletproof vest over a white army fatigue shirt and similar navy blue cargo pants, she had a can of pepper spray and a night stick on her belt along with a pair of handcuffs and a walkie-talkie. Ruby felt uneasy when the woman stopped, blowing a bubble with her chewing gum before popping it with a smack as she continued to chew loudly baring her teeth.
She walked past each prisoner eyeing them from behind her aviator sunglasses chewing her bubble gum, occasionally blowing a bubble and popping it with her teeth.
"What ya in for," she asked the first woman in the line-up.
"Murder."
"MURDER, MAM!" the snow-haired officer snapped.
She smirked at the self-proclaimed murderer who had jumped at the sudden outburst.
She snaked down the line to the next convict, the black haired girl with the bow.
"Welcome back Blake, did ya miss us?" She giggled blowing a bubble in the girls face letting it pop loudly.
The dark woman merely smirked, "I missed the tuna sandwiches...mam"
The guard laughed loudly slapping her knee dramatically.
"I always did love your sense of humor."
She moved over to the next woman between "Blake" and Ruby. She merely lunged her body forward at the inmate causing the woman to jump backward. "Pfft," the officer muttered.
She then stood in front of Ruby looking down on her.
The icy woman leaned in close to Ruby's face making her gulp.
"What ya in for?"
"Nothing I'm innocent," she noticed Blake tense up as the officer pulled away from her face.
"No you aren't," remarked the woman.
"Yes I am," Ruby retorted she heard an "oh no" escape under Blake's breath.
The Woman leaned in peering into Ruby's eyes over her aviators, her ice blue orbs burnt a hole in poor Ruby. She smiled leaning in so close Ruby could feel her breath on her neck.
"No. You. Are. Not." she whispered through gritted teeth.
"And you know why, worm?"
"Because when I say something its law in here bitch... There is one rule in here, worm." She spat the words with venom directly into Ruby's ear.
"Do. not. FUCK. With Weiss Schnee, now say my name and tell me you're sorry."
"I'm sorry Weiss Schnee, Mam," Ruby forced out with a yelp.
"Oh, I forgive you but uhh..." she whispered into Ruby's ear her breath causing a shiver to run down her spine.
"Talk back to me again and I WILL crush you." Weiss kissed Ruby's neck causing the poor girl to yelp. She gritted her teeth before pulling away giving the order for the women to move into processing, she stared Ruby down the whole time.
Ruby panicked internally under the icy girls gaze as she entered the, thankfully air conditioned, processing building.
Once she was lined up for processing and her shackles were removed she felt a nudge on her back, when she turned to it she looked the dark haired woman directly in her orange eyes.
"You already fucked up on day one newbie," Blake said with very little emotion.
"W-What do you mean," Ruby asked.
"Name's Blake by the way"
"R-Ruby," the poor red head stammered offering her hands for a handshake, Blake merely shrugged at her.
"Well, Ruby you need to watch your back."
"W-why," she asked, naivety thick in her voice.
"You caught the Ice-Queens gaze," Blake nodded up to the second floor of the processing block.
Sure enough, up on the balcony, Weiss was looking over her sunglasses, chewing her gum, staring down on Ruby as the poor girl was processed.
"859," the processing officer barked, startling Ruby as an orange jumpsuit with "859" emblazoned on the back was shoved into her arms along with a pair of laceless slip on shoes.
"Strip," commanded the officer.
"Right He-" Ruby was cut off by Blake grabbing her shoulder, "Just change dumbass, there isn't any privacy in here so get used to it."
Ruby nodded as she began to unbutton her current jumper. She glanced up at the balcony her face flushed red as she saw Weiss lick her lips and blow a large bubble as Ruby started to strip.
Blake spoke up while donning her own jumper labeled "999","Welcome to the Ice Queens castle."
Ruby groaned as her jumpsuit hit the floor.
It was gonna be a LONG two years.
In one of the more headache-inducing video clips in recent memory, Fox Business Network presents us with its version of the current crisis in Venezuela - where economic mismanagement under the leadership of President Nicolas Maduro has converged with a drop in global oil prices to produce runaway inflation and a shortage of basic goods.
The Fox Business Network website invites us to view a "harrowing video show[ing] starving Venezuelans eating garbage [and] looting".
As anyone acquainted with the network's modus operandi might expect, the footage in question doesn't exactly render the situation as "virtually apocalyptic" as Fox claims it is.
Fortunately, we have a whole Fox crew to interpret for us what, in fact, we are seeing. Before we get to see anything, programme host Maria Bartiromo issues a "warning [to] viewers" that "this video is very graphic".
Journalist Elizabeth MacDonald chimes in with confirmation: "Yeah, it's graphic and disturbing."
The eternal red menace
MacDonald wastes no time getting down to business, and we learn that this is not really about Venezuela at all: "The message from the people on the ground" in Venezuela is, MacDonald tells us, that this crisis "is Bernie Sanders' socialism ... This is what Bernie Sanders would want for America".
READ MORE: A neoliberal carnival in Brazil
In the media tizzy over Venezuela, Fox is hardly alone.
Over at Vox, longtime Venezuelan opposition cheerleader Francisco Toro has proclaimed the "collapse" of the country's "socialist dream … into a nightmare".
True to form, The New York Times has also delivered a series of would-be post-mortems on Venezuelan socialism.
The Miami Herald opinion pages host the notion that Venezuela is now "the North Korea of the Caribbean", a place where "news reports … read like apocalyptic Cormac McCarthy novels".
Meanwhile, a Financial Times column laments that the "tragedy" of Venezuela is "now in its final act".
There's no denying that things are not right in Venezuela at the moment; in May, Maduro declared a two-month state of emergency.
There's no denying that things are not right in Venezuela at the moment; in May, Maduro declared a two-month state of emergency.
But you'd think that, after so many decades of hysterical fearmongering about the red menace, people in the US and beyond might get tired of it - particularly when that very "menace" has done quite a bit of good throughout the hemisphere.
For example, thanks to the socialism of Maduro's predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, the impoverished Venezuelan masses were sprung from the essentially subhuman tier of existence to which they had been relegated by the country's elite.
The poverty level was cut in half, extreme poverty dropped by 70 percent, and free healthcare and education programmes began putting to shame countries such as the United States, where folks are regularly driven into insuperable debt for trying to get a degree or receive medical treatment.
On the frontlines
Significantly, the media performance on Venezuela is never replicated on behalf of other situations that quite objectively qualify as "harrowing" and "disturbing".
The wanton bombing of innocent people in Iraq and elsewhere comes to mind - as does a certain habit of massacring civilians that has all too often characterised US-backed governments in Latin America.
READ MORE: Colombia's challenging peace process with FARC
Furthermore, if we want to talk about hunger - allegedly a mainstay of now-apocalyptic Venezuela - we might consider the rather epidemic proportions of homelessness and hunger in the US itself (including, incidentally, among the soldiers who fight its wars).
None of this, obviously, is to idolise Maduro or to whitewash the Venezuelan landscape; it's merely to note how quickly the media deploys itself to the frontlines when the enemy is socialism, and how any error presided over by socialists constitutes spontaneous and definitive proof that leftism is infeasible in any form or context.
Again, the same gleeful pessimism is never on display in response to capitalism's massive catastrophes.
But hey, global recessions build character.
Drexel University professor George Ciccariello-Maher, author of We Created Chavez, remarked in a recent email to me that the Venezuelan political opposition now feels "vindicated" and that a consensus has emerged in the media "that Venezuela is a failed state".
He continues: "But just as a broken clock is right twice a day, this vindication should be taken with a grain of salt. The economic pain being felt today is not the product of socialism, but of how ferociously capitalism fights back."
A circle in hell
And while the opposition markets itself as a viable alternative to the present panorama, Ciccariello-Maher says, the only alternative it offers is "a return to neoliberal savagery".
Such cautionary voices cannot, however, be heard through the media din. At The Guardian, Nick Cohen takes the cake for intriguing analysis with his opinion piece titled: "Radical tourists have been deluded pimps for Venezuela."
Some key points of the article: "Half-baked pseudo-left intellectuals" such as Noam Chomsky have allowed Chavista Venezuela to "stroke… all their erogenous zones". Now, however, "the show is over", but "the thoughts of Venezuelans, who watched as Westerners treated their country as an ideological playground, cannot be dismissed lightly".
Cohen has thus managed to procure the thoughts of exactly one "Venezuelan", an elite Venezuelan-Norwegian involved in dubious human rights enterprises, who tells him "there should be a special circle in hell" for these Westerners.
Chances are, though, they've already seen hell - and decided that capitalism just isn't that sexy.
Belen Fernandez is the author of The Imperial Messenger: Thomas Friedman at Work, published by Verso. She is a contributing editor at Jacobin magazine.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
Background: Creation of dogma via inappropriate generalization.
This is how it happens:
First, RCTs are performed to test a new intervention. Studies are meticulously designed to include only patients who are expected to benefit the most. A list of exclusion criteria avoids patients who might not benefit. The RCTs show benefit, leading to use of the intervention. At first, this is limited to patients resembling those studied in the RCTs. It remains unclear whether some patients excluded from the initial RCTs might benefit also. However, nobody invests the effort to rigorously evaluate this. Years pass. The intervention gains widespread acceptance as the standard of care. Details of the initial RCTs are forgotten. The intervention is applied broadly, including among patients who were initially excluded from the RCTs. General consensus forms that it would be unethical to perform an RCT testing the intervention among patients who were initially excluded from RCTs. It becomes impossible to scientifically test broad application of the intervention (which is now dogma).
To some extent, generalization is inevitable. RCTs will always be performed on selected patient groups. It is impossible to perform RCTs including every type of patient. Clinical judgment will always be needed to fill in the gaps. However, some factors exacerbate the problem:
Investigators are rewarded for “positive” studies showing the benefit of a new intervention. There is less glory involved in going back to parse out whether an intervention works in specific patient subtypes.
Industry has little motivation to study patients who might not benefit, since this could lead to embarrassing negative studies. Even if such a study were positive, this wouldn't be very profitable because most patients are already using the intervention anyway (an example of investigation bias).
Specialists are naturally biased to believe that their interventions are beneficial (1).
Overview of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with remote CABG
Most of the grafts in a CABG are constructed from saphenous veins. These veins undergo accelerated atherosclerosis, with ~40% becoming occluded within ten years. Thus, myocardial ischemia remains a major problem in patients after CABG. For example, post-CABG patients account for ~15% of all patients undergoing PCI (Scarsini 2016). Stenting procedures may be performed on native coronary arteries or surgically placed grafts.
There are many reasons that PCI could be less beneficial among patients who have a history of CABG:
Coronary anatomy is more complex, making the procedure more difficult overall. For example, patients may have numerous stenoses in several vessels without a definite culprit lesion.
Saphenous vein grafts tend to develop bulky, friable plaques at risk of distal embolization. When intervened upon, this may cause a “no reflow” phenomenon, wherein the occlusion is cleared but embolized material causes severe downstream occlusions (2).
Saphenous vein grafts are subject to accelerated atherosclerosis. Thus, even if a single stenosis can be opened temporarily, it is unclear whether this improves the long-term function of the entire graft.
Interventions on native coronary arteries may be difficult for a variety of reasons (e.g. severe calcification, challenging location, or chronic total occlusion). Lack of amenable targets for PCI may have played a role in the original decision to perform CABG surgery instead of PCI (Escaned 2012).
Repeat myocardial revascularization procedures are markedly different from de novo interventions, with increased procedural risk and technical-demanding complexity –Scarsini 2016
Evidence: Foundational studies supporting PCI in acute coronary syndrome.
Below is the classic meta-analysis of RCTs testing early PCI for acute coronary syndrome (3):
Six major RCTs provide nearly all the subjects in this analysis. Half of these studies excluded patients who had previously had a CABG:
TIMI-IIIB, FRISC II, and RITA 3: Excluded patients with prior CABG
VANQUISH: Included patients with remote CABG (>3 mos prior)
TACTICS-TIMI 18: Included patients with remote CABG (>6 mos prior)
ICTUS: Included CABG patients
Studies in this meta-analysis were heterogeneous (4). The benefit from PCI is driven by studies that exclude CABG patients:
Suppose that we perform a meta-analysis of major RCTs that included patients with prior CABG (VANQWISH, TACTICS-TIMI 18, and ICTUS). This reveals no benefit from PCI (5):
Let's explore the implications of this a bit more. These data suggest:
(#1) RCTs excluding CABG patients show benefit from PCI.
RCTs excluding CABG patients show benefit from PCI. (#2) RCTs including CABG patients show no benefit from PCI.
Now, RCTs that include CABG patients contain both patients who haven't had a CABG and patients who have had a CABG. If we believe that patients who haven't had a CABG are benefitting from PCI (#1), then the only way that mixed studies could be neutral (#2) is if PCI is hurting patients who have had a CABG:
SAVED trial: Stent placement compared with balloon angioplasty for obstructed coronary bypass grafts (NEJM 1997)
This was a prospective, multicenter RCT comparing angioplasty alone vs. bare metal stent among 220 patients with saphenous vein graft stenosis. Stenting improved graft patency at the end of the procedure, but improvements mostly disappeared during the following six months (figure below). There was no difference in the primary endpoint of restenosis during the first six months (37% within stent group vs. 46% within angioplasty group, p=0.24).
Clinical outcomes were similar among groups, with no differences in death or myocardial infarction (table below). There was an increase in target-lesion revascularization among patients who received angioplasty (likely driven by routine unblinded follow-up catheterization after six months).
Overall this study proves that stenting of saphenous vein grafts is possible and does improve stenotic lesions. However, it is unclear whether this leads to a sustained improvement in graft function or clinical benefit.
More recent evidence about PCI after CABG?
The above studies constitute the foundational evidence upon which PCI is based. However, they are outdated. Would newer techniques perform better?
Unfortunately, no recent RCTs have tested the role of PCI in patients with prior CABG (compared to medical therapy). Drug-eluting stents don't appear to be a panacea for intervention on saphenous vein grafts, with one RCT finding increased mortality among patients receiving drug-eluting stents compared to bare metal stents (Vermeersch 2007).
Even if saphenous vein graft PCI is feasible, it is risk-prone in terms of high rates of periprocedural adverse events, immediate-term restenosis, and progression of disease outside the treatment segment. – Dash 2014
What do the guidelines say about PCI for NSTEMI with a history of CABG?
Shown above are the full text of the 2014 NSTEMI guidelines and the 2011 PCI guidelines. These guidelines are complicated. The green text seems to suggest an early-interventional strategy. However, the yellow text seems to suggest a more nuanced approach:
Patients with extensive anterior ischemia (e.g. occluded LIMA to LAD graft) may benefit from PCI.
Patients with ischemia in other locations are unlikely to derive a survival benefit from PCI.
Bottom line: How can we apply this information in practice?
Overall, the AHA guidelines may provide a rough blueprint of how to approach these patients:
Start with an assessment of the patient's baseline anatomy and the myocardium at risk (based on operative reports, prior EKG and echo, current EKG and echo, and clinical presentation).
Patients with acute anterior ischemia may be most likely to benefit from PCI. Alternatively, patients with ischemia involving other territories are less likely to benefit from PCI.
Final treatment decisions will involve additional considerations including patient preferences, risk of various complications (e.g. renal failure), and multidisciplinary consultation (with cardiology & cardiothoracic surgery).
Many patients with prior CABG probably benefit from catheterization and repeat revascularization (PCI or a repeat CABG). However, this cannot be assumed to be universally true. In particular, patients with smaller infarcts and advanced renal failure could be harmed.
Performing PCI in a patient with a remote CABG is technically harder and associated with worse outcomes compared to PCI in a patient without prior CABG.
The evidence proving benefit of PCI in NSTEMI is driven by studies that excluded patients with prior CABG. When examining large RCTs that included CABG patients, an early-invasive PCI strategy didn't improve outcomes.
It remains unknown how beneficial modern PCI techniques might be among patients who have had a CABG.
Decisions regarding PCI should be made carefully, taking into account the patient's anatomy, the amount of myocardium at risk, procedural risks, and patient preferences.
Related posts
Notes
This isn't intended to demean specialists, but rather it is simply human nature. We all want to think that what we do is the best, indeed we must believe this. For example, in the treatment of prostate cancer, radiation oncologists believe that radiation is superior while urologists believe that surgery is superior (Kim 2014). This risk might be reduced by the use of endovascular protection devices, but such devices remain underutilized and it is unclear how well they work (Safian 2016). This RCT is cited by the AHA/ACC 2014 guidelines as providing evidence to support the use of PCI in NSTEMI. It was coauthored with Eugene Brauenwald. Classic. Ideally, individual studies in a meta-analysis should have generally consistent. The studies in this meta-analysis are heterogeneous and rather inconsistent with each other (e.g. the results of FRISC II are incompatible with VANQUISH). This questions the validity of performing a meta-analysis in the first place. This is not a figure from the JAMA 2008 meta-analysis. I created this on PowerPoint, with the use of vasserstats to analyze the odds ratio of the combined group. This probably isn't technically kosher, but the results are pretty clear regardless of how you do the statistics.
Image credits: Minyans.
The Ohio drunk-driving plate is a distinctive yellow and red. (State of Ohio)
Drunk drivers on P.E.I. may soon have to carry a reminder, and an advertisement, of their crime on the backs of their vehicles.
Transportation Minister Robert Vessey is floating the idea of distinctive plates for drivers enrolled in the ignition interlock program.
"A lot of people have a lot of pride in themselves and an impaired driver sometimes, if they're going to be identified, might make them think twice before they jump behind the wheel of a vehicle while impaired," said Vessey.
P.E.I. had more impaired driving incidents per capita last year than any other province in Atlantic Canada.
Vessey said it's time to get aggressive with drunk drivers, and he is looking around for new ways to do that. Special plates are currently the law in Ohio and Minnesota.
Jean Ryan, the impaired driving program co-ordinator in Minnesota, believes the program is particularly effective for preventing repeat offences.
The Minnesota plate is distinguished by the W at the beginning of the number. (State of Minnesota)
"I think when you're driving around with a special series licence plate on the car, it's a constant reminder that you did make a poor decision, and that you really don't want to make that decision again," said Ryan.
Andrew Murie, CEO of Mothers Against Drunk Driving Canada, said P.E.I. is a particularly good place to try the special plates.
"If any place it might work, it might be Prince Edward Island because it's a smaller type of community, more isolated, and neighbours know neighbours," said Murie.
Vessey is hosting a summit next month to deal with the drunk-driving problem on P.E.I., and plans to raise the drunk driver licence plate idea at that meeting.
For mobile device users: Are distinctive plates for convicted drunk drivers a good idea?
Ah… Apparently this is my 100th post. it's not my 100th chapter, as this counts polls and (This is not a Chapter)s
Chapter 241: The Bow of Justice
A glugging sound fills the room as the liquid drains from the tube containing Itsuki. Eventually, the tube opens.
Armor lifts Itsuki up and removes the blindfold and gag ball.
It's quite a scene.
I… kinda want to run away.
His appearance is a gag in and of itself. I find myself holding back laughter.
“…” (Itsuki)
Itsuki slowly opens his eyes and drowsily looks around the room.
“Now! Awakened Hero of the Bow! The evil who defies our justice has infiltrated our base all the way up to here! Use your power of Justice to slay him!” (Armor)
“What the hell are you saying, you bastard!” (Naofumi)
You infiltrated my base and ran back here with your tail between your legs!
“And to start with, didn't you guys have a fight with Itsuki!?” (Naofumi)
From the Magic User's testimony, they cut off their connections.
“How foolish. In order for the Hero of the Bow to discover even greater power, we merely let him experience some difficulty.” (Armor)
I guess it's all a matter of phrasing. But, the truth is leaking out.
This man hasn't called Itsuki by his real name once.
I can assume that he still does not place any trust in Itsuki.
The reason he ran all the way back here was because Itsuki was all he had left.
Itsuki looks at me with a dazed expression, and he begins releasing a dark aura so thick that even I can see it.
That's the aura that surrounds a Hero devoured by their Curse.
So what is it? What curse is eating at Itsuki's mind?
“Naofumi…” (Itsuki)
This is amazing bloodlust.
Out of all the people I've faced, it's top class. It makes my blood go cold.
“Your actions are unforgivable! You've done things that I will never forgive!” (Itsuki)
“What are you saying all of a sudden? Keep your sleep talk to when you're asleep.” (Naofumi)
He's a troublesome fellow even right after he wakes up.
Is it due to his curse, or was he like this from the beginning? It's a delicate line.
“Itsuki-sama! You can't believe Mald's words!” (Rishia)
“Right! That man's a criminal!” (Ren)
Rishia and Ren try to persuade him.
But Itsuki's gaze remains fixed on me, and he doesn't even glance at the two.
“Then let me say it. You gather slaves, put them through heavy labor, and keep all of the profits to yourself!” (Itsuki)
“Isn't that just common sense?” (Naofumi)
This man… I think I've heard him say similar things before.
Isn't that what slaves are supposed to be?
Of course, manual labor requires appropriate compensation, but slaves are supposed to work without one, right?
If you ask whether there's a problem with buying and selling humans, I'd say there is one, but that's just the sort of world this is.
If you want an extreme analogy, then perhaps slaves can be compared to vacuum cleaners.
Do you feel sorry for a vacuum cleaner for having to deal with the garbage on the floor every day?
Slaves are like appliances. Convenient means to an end.
Wait, something's popping up in my head.
“Niichan! Make me dinner! Crepes~, Crepes~!”
“Food!”
“Crepes are tasty!”
“Make some good food, please!”
“Play with me!”
Don't mind it. Don't mind it.
Get out of my mind!
“That is nothing but evil! I heard! In exchange for giving a girl high quality medicine, you forced her brother into heavy labor! One of the slaves Malty-san saved told me the story!” (Itsuki)
“There's no way that Witch would help someone!” (Naofumi)
“Who is this Witch…? Oh, and as expected of Naofumi-sama. You saved a pair of siblings besides us?” (Atlas)
“No, that's you.” (Naofumi)
He's most likely talking about the girl tilting her head towards me and her older brother.
I don't know how much info he's got, but he's clearly cherry picking here.
And for Witch to help a Demi-Human is more unlikely than a girl falling from the sky.
“And you sell medicine to rich nobles without doing anything for the poor!” (Itsuki)
“I'm no philanthropist. If you're running a business, you can't just give things away to those without money. It's common sense to take something as compensation.” (Naofumi)
Those nobles just barged into my place and demanded medicine, all while looking down on me.
Also, I do have memories of giving medicine to the poor. After they pleaded to me with the few copper coins they could scrape together, the least I could do was give them some.
“Just when I thought the Evil Nobles would die from illness, the Hero of the Shield stepped in and hindered our plans!” (Itsuki)
“You're pointing fingers at the wrong person there. I merely sold medicine to the people who paid money for it. What they did afterwards is of no concern to me. It's stranger to think that just because they had done something bad, I would refuse to sell them medicine and leave them to die.” (Naofumi)
And what is this? When did selling medicine to rich buyers become a crime?
If I didn't sell it to them, would you be shouting at me for denying medicine to those who asked?
No matter what I do, it's a crime. Stop screwing with me!
“Even though you were granted the power to help people as a Hero, I've heard a person shouting that you couldn't save their daughter!” (Itsuki)
“… I have no idea who you're talking about here.” (Naofumi)
Nope, nothing's coming to mind.
Couldn't save? If it was illness, I would at least do what I could do.
Though, I would demand some compensation, as little as it may be.
Of course, people have tried to run away without paying.
But, I simply asked around for their destination and apprehended them anyways.
“A girl came crying to me saying she would never forgive you!” (Itsuki)
Do people hate me that much?
…
“Is the daughter… dead?” (Naofumi)
“Yes! Naofumi's shield can bring about such miracles, and yet, you deny people its power!” (Itsuki)
Itsuki isn't using any honorifics with me.
But, I guess I'll leave that as it is.
“Surely you jest… Even the Legendary Shield doesn't have a power that can revive the dead.” (Naofumi)
I think I have an idea of who it is.
Occasionally, when I go to villages, some people come to me asking me to bring their loved ones back to life. They come crying, carrying the dead bodies.
There are people who come to me after hearing rumors of the Saint or the Hero of the Shield.
Logic does not get through to those people.
When I say I can't do it, they continue pleading in tears.
Some even transfer their anger onto me.
I've had some corpses abandoned in front of my village.
If I tried to give them proper burials, the culprits would come out and shout at me. I've had the soldiers send them out a few times.
That's why the sign on the village's entrance says as such. The dead can never come back.
Because of this, I've made it so that I only personally treat patients in the special clinic building.
“That's just unjust resentment. You just want to label me as evil no matter what. Why don't you bring them back? You're a Hero too.” (Naofumi)
“No, princess Malty told me. It's a special power only granted to the Shield!” (Itsuki)
That Witch. She's left me with an outrageous parting gift.
Itsuki has no way of logically proving that statement to be false.
What's more, with Itsuki as he is, I don't think that anything I say will be able to persuade him.
“Itsuki, that sounds wrong. With Naofumi and Motoyasu, I've gone over the weapon systems. The effects differ slightly, but each legendary weapon generally has a corresponding weapon with the same effects. If Naofumi has such a power, then my Sword should have an equivalent one. Or, does your bow have a power that our weapons do not?” (Ren)
Ren offers a plausible argument.
There's definitely a difference in defensive and offensive capabilities between weapons, but the effects themselves are generally the same.
It's something I learned from talking with Ren and Motoyasu.
The only one who doesn't know is the lonely Itsuki.
But, perhaps I've just yet to find it. I can't deny the possibility of there being a weapon that can bring the dead to life.
And, if there were a single weapon that would have it, I guess it would be the Shield.
But if I could use it, then I would.
Who knows just how much I could rake in if I advertised that I could revive the dead?
“And there are still many other sins you have to answer to! I definitely won't let you off!” (Itsuki)
“And I don't need you to forgive me. The true evil here is probably that Armor behind you. He assaulted my subordinates and launched several attacks. He provoked much needless violence. Is your justice merely a word? He even conspired with the Three Hero Church you know so well.” (Naofumi)
Upon my word, Itsuki turns his gaze to Armor.
“Those are merely the Demon Lord of the Shield's lies! You mustn't be swayed by them!” (Armor)
“Whether that's the truth or not is something I'll determine with my own power.” (Itsuki)
“A-Ah, wait… Stop!” (Armor)
Itsuki sprouts white wings. Though they're supposed to appear divine, they somehow give off a sinister feeling. He takes out a highly ornamental bow and shoots an arrow at Armor. <ED: In the knee>
“Guha!” (Armor)
Is he dead?
“Naofumi-sama, the ominous aura gathered at one point and pierced through the person we were pursuing.” (Atlas)
And the Armor in front of me collapses forward.
Did he dispose of a foolish subordinate?
As I thought that, Armor suddenly rises from the floor.
“Itsuki-sama, it is as the Demon Lord of the Shield said. In order to satisfy my selfish desires, I engaged him in battle and lost. I ask for your forgiveness.” (Armor)
… What?
Armor's behavior is clearly strange.
What is that bow's ability?
It's without a doubt the foundation for those daggers.
“I accept your apology. From now on, let's work together to lead this world towards peace!” (Itsuki)
“Yes! Itsuki-sama!” (Armor)
His eyes are weird.
His face is not one led by his own ambition. It's not the one that only strived for self-satisfaction. Just like the brainwashed people, he carries an abnormal expression filled only with a lust for Justice.
“Itsuki… That bow…” (Ren)
As Ren points his finger at the Bow, Itsuki answers with a bright smile.
“Isn't it amazing? It's an amazing bow that I just got my hands on. Its name is the Justice Bow! It's clearly a weapon meant for me. One shot from this bow dispels brainwashing and lets others understand me.” (Itsuki)
One of the few nice surprises about Boston's 2014 campaign was Christian Vazquez. Specifically, the young backstop emerged as a viable big-league starter during his age-23 season, proving that if you can frame pitches well, play solid defense, and hit just a little better than Tony Pena did with the Sox, then you can be an average catcher these days.
One of the few not-so-nice surprises about Boston's 2014-2015 offseason was Christian Vazquez. Specifically, Vazquez fell victim to a tear of his ulnar collateral ligament, and faster than you can say “Jonny Venters” he was out for the 2015 season. Vazquez underwent Tommy John surgery to repair the ligament in question last Thursday and — despite the procedure's usual association with pitchers — he's not alone in wearing both the tools of ignorance and the “zipper” on his arm.
Thanks to the tireless work of Jon Roegele, we can figure out how many catchers have dealt with TJS (again, that we know of today), and perhaps explore what the long-term effects of Vazquez's surgery might be. Maybe, just maybe, we can make an educated guess at when, what, or even where Christian Vazquez might be post-surgery.
So, as I've established before, Vazzy isn't the only catcher to have TJS … but there aren't very many others who've had the procedure. From Mr. Roegele's list, here are the other 26:
Name Year of TJS Team Steve Christmas 1986 Cubs Matt Quatraro 1997 Devil Rays Todd Hundley 1997 Mets J.R. House 2002 Pirates Craig Tatum 2005 Reds Ben Davis 2005 White Sox Taylor Teagarden ???? Rangers Trey Lunsford 2006 Giants Vance Wilson 2007 Tigers Josh Ford 2008 Diamondbacks Vance Wilson 2008 Tigers Curt Casali 2009 Tigers Josh Ford 2009 Diamondbacks Tomas Telis 2010 Rangers Chris Coste 2010 Phillies John Baker 2010 Marlins A.J. Jimenez 2012 Blue Jays Spencer Kieboom 2013 Nationals Kyle Higashioka 2013 Yankees Andrew Knapp 2013 Phillies Matt Reistetter 2014 Nationals Matt Wieters 2014 Orioles Dustin Houle 2014 Brewers Mark Clark 2014 Rays Will Remillard 2015 Cubs Christian Vazquez 2015 Red Sox
The first thing I noticed when perusing the list is that precious few catchers have had the surgery during their run in the big leagues. In fact, Vazquez is only the seventh catcher who was already in the show to be cut up like this. While there are a couple of guys who've had the procedure, then made it to the majors later, only a handful have been in a similar position to CV.
Time to examine a few case studies, in chronological order:
Steve Christmas, Chicago Cubs — 1986
This is basically prehistory, as far as UCL surgeries go. Nevertheless, Christmas had the zipper in 1986, after splitting time between the Cubs and Iowa. By this stage of his career, he was more of a corner infield guy who spent a little time behind the dish … but after his TJS, there's no record of him playing in the majors or minors ever again.
Worst case scenario? Sure. But you've gotta look at this through the lens of history, and we've got 30 years of refinements in the TJS process to go on.
Todd Hundley, New York Mets — 1997
Flashing forward 11 years, Hundley is one of the few catchers to have Tommy John surgery and play real innings before and after the procedure in the bigs. Hundley, a personal favorite of mine (I grew up a Mets fan), was a power-hitting backstop with a propensity to hit homers and play less-than-inspiring defense, so he was basically the opposite of Vazquez from an overall profile. However, Todd caught a respectable number of base-stealers, thanks to his arm … he had a 33.5% caught-stealing rate over his career. Of course, that's nothing like Vazquez's 50+% rate in action during 2014, but it's still respectable.
Hundley's CS% numbers pre-surgery (34.9%) and post-surgery (31.2%) aren't wildly different, and it may be irresponsible to chalk up the difference to his surgery. Perhaps TJS had some effect on his arm and his ability to gun down runners, but it could also be chalked up to age and limited playing time in the years after 1997.
I'm not sure how the surgery may have affected Hundley's offensive game — the numbers that he posted before the surgery were great, but the time after was riddled with injury bumps and lack of playing time. He still managed a peak-level season two years after his surgery in 2000, so I'd look at Hundley more as an example of a best-case scenario for Vazquez: while his performance wasn't quite as good post-surgery, there wasn't anything that stands out as being dramatically different.
Vance Wilson, Detroit Tigers — 2007
If at first you don't succeed …
Vance Wilson, Detroit Tigers — 2008
… try, try again.
Wilson wasn't like Vazquez or Hundley. He was nearing the end of a career as a career backup, taking on the surgery — well, surgeries — during his age-34 and age-35 seasons. Defense was all Wilson could really hang his hat on, as his career True Average was .243, just a hair over Vazquez's .239 TAv in 2014, and right in line with what PECOTA projected for an un-injured Vazquez in 2015 (.244 TAv).
So despite the age, Wilson is a fair comp in terms of player type to Vazquez. The bad news, of course, was that Wilson needed a second TJS almost immediately after his first (both were performed by Dr. David Altchek), and he never returned to the majors. All we got from Vance was a short run in Double-A for the Royals in 2009. And when we talk about his arm in those games, we talk in hushed tones. According to Baseball-Reference, Wilson threw out 0% of baserunners, as 20 guys stole on him, and zero were caught in the act.
Vance Wilson: also a worst-case scenario, but his age plays a big part in that, I'd imagine.
Chris Coste, Washington Nationals — 2010
Coste, who was hanging onto major-league relevance by a glimmering thread, saw his 2010 Tommy John Surgery end his career as well. Having been a long-term minor-league lifer who finally found the show at age-33, he was a solid defensive backstop with a 28.3% caught-stealing rate and a bit of bat-to-ball skill. But he had his surgery during what would have been his age-37 season, so he's not exactly an easy comp.
John Baker, Miami Marlins — 2010
John Baker, once, was a promising offensive prospect. Prior to the 2010 season, Baker looked like an average defensive backstop with legitimate offensive upside riiiight up until the 2010 season. That year, he *gasp* had his UCL fixed up, and things haven't been the same since. Since then, he's been a fringe big-leaguer: has catcher's mitt, will travel.
At any rate, Baker has a rep as a smart and nice guy, a good clubhouse presence, and an average defender (though BP's metrics say he's no stalwart in that regard). He's also not very good, and hangs on as a backup catcher because America will always need backup catchers. His offensive downfall, which may or may not be related to the TJS and two years only playing a little ball, makes for a scary comp for Vazquez. Baker's career CS% is 23%, but it was 24.1% before the zipper.
Again, he's a lot different from Vazquez, so maybe we can't draw too much from that small sample … but he also pitched in 2014, so that's something, right? He threw a scoreless inning and ended up with a win. If a catcher can come back from Tommy John and actually win a big-league game, that's got to count as a success story in some fashion.
Matt Wieters, Baltimore Orioles — 2014
The elephant in the room is Baltimore's franchise catcher and fact-font, Matt Wieters. Wieters is just about ready to return from his surgery, which is great for him, but not so great for anyone looking to draw conclusions about what effect said surgery will have on his game. Perhaps we could just take a little, teeny, tiny peek at his Spring Training numbers? I know, I know, it's a ridiculously small sample size, but we really need a data point.
Oh. Oh my. I shouldn't have looked. Matt Wieters fact: he's gone 0-for-Spring, despite 24 plate appearances. He's been shut down again. He isn't really throwing. This could take a while.
One thing that is perhaps worth keeping in mind is this: Wieters may not be ready for Opening Day, but he's expected to rejoin the Orioles' 25-man roster sometime around the middle of April or maybe in May. If we hedge our bets, and say that he'll be back in May, then that gives us a timetable of about 11 months for his recovery. Applying that same recovery timetable to Mr. Vazquez gives us a Spring Training return for Vazquez, putting him in position for Opening Day 2016 — or close to it.
None of this information, all of which is pretty anecdotal, looks great for Vazquez. Hundley and Baker carved out careers post-TJS, but neither relied as much on a cannon arm as Christian Vazquez. In addition, Baker saw his offensive ability plummet after missing the brunt of two seasons — though Vazquez is likely to miss only one full campaign.
There are other guys who had TJS and eventually made the bigs after the fact, like Curt Casali of Tampa Bay, Andrew Knapp of Philadelphia, and Taylor Teagarden of … wherever the hell Taylor Teagarden is now (the Chicago Cubs). Backups, one and all, if and when they make the bigs. It turns out that starting catchers don't really get Tommy John, and if they do, the recoveries can be messy.
If we squint, could we even see a role for Vazquez in the big leagues if his arm never comes back? Well, he's not a good hitter, yet. He's got patience, but not a ton of pop, so he'd need to really ratchet the offense up to be a viable option in an outfield corner or at first base. It would also be a stretch to imagine him improving enough with bat and glove enough to handle a move to second base.
No, with Christian, the only thing we should try to imagine is a full recovery from Tommy John, and that the lost development time won't keep him from developing into a more well-rounded hitter. Vazquez is a miracle-worker in the realm of pitch-framing, and even if his bonkers pop time doesn't come back, he'll still likely be a solid enough defender to be a very nice option as a backup catcher.
In the meantime, we'll wait for Vazquez (and Matt Wieters) to teach us a little bit about what Tommy John surgery really means for a starting catcher. If this moves the Blake Swihart timetable up a little for the Sox, so be it … but I for one will miss watching the defensive artistry of Vazquez while he's gone, and I'll be hoping that the surgery doesn't make him a diminished version of what we saw in ‘14.
Photo by Kelly O'Connor, sittingstill.smugmug.com
Hey, kids.
Well. Those of you still left, anyway. Just figured I might as well bring things to the end with an explanation.
To those of you who didn't follow me for the technicolor ponies, I appreciate you, and I'm sorry if it was spam to you. To the rest of you...
First off: you're lovely people. Don't forget that or take any of this the wrong way. You've been kinder and more supportive than I could have ever asked for. Now, that being said, I never intended to be an artist in the community. I don't even read ponyfics, or fanfics of any kind for that matter. A friend linked me to the page, and the Dissonance stuff happened to be at the very beginning. I was surprised by how well it was written and how very not-My-Immortal it was. It was impressive, and I had a lot of free time and a brand-new tablet, so when I saw "looking for illustrator", I thought to myself, "what the heck?"
It was fun. I got featured, once, and that's when most of you came. It came to a point where most of what I posted was MLP related, and there was a lot of demand for more. I began to have a dilemma at this point, one that brought the art flow to a more or less complete halt. Let me reiterate, I loved your support. However, I felt like a sellout. The ponies got tons of views and favourites and comments, so I put more out. The original art, though, the ones I started this page to post (dont look at those they're terrible I was like thirteen and wtf is art), wasn't getting any hits at all, so I just quit posting it. Don't get me wrong, I still made art, but it never made my page. It didn't feel worthwhile.
It was about this time I met a teacher who actually took time to teach me some classic traditional technique. I realized how much I missed drawing figures (sorry folks, but drawing hands beats drawing hooves any day), and announced my inevitable retirement from Dissonance. "Don't worry," I promised, "I'll still put out the occasional piece." But I haven't, have I?
I checked back in on the fandom recently. It would be wrong to say it had all gone south, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little disappointed. Perhaps it's just a noisier minority, who am I to say? Anyway. Not important. This isn't really about that.
What it IS about is that this is the end of this alias and this page. I'm going to leave it up, and I'll probably still check it from time to time. The occasional comment still flies in out of nowhere, and your support deserves some response. It's the least I can do for such a kind group of followers. There will be no more art, though. I'm starting a new page without any ties to this one. If you're interested in making the jump to the new page with me, send me a PM, I'll be happy to link you. Or, perhaps you may just recognize me by style. That'd actually be really neat. Whatever you do, please understand that making comment about this page or the old alias or ponies IN GENERAL on the new page will not be tolerated. This has all been fun, but I'd like to keep it by itself. I hope you can understand.
You've been the best. Denial... Out.
TL;DR- Goodbye.
Kanda batata poha recipe with step-by-step photos. Kanda batata poha-poha with boiled potatoes and onions is one of the most easy breakfast recipes that you could prepare literally in minutes.
I used to have poha for breakfast while I was working, the aloo poha served in the canteen was awesome and I so loved it. Even now I often make batata poha, puli aval or aval upma with all veggies. I got this kanda batata poha recipe from my friend. She told this poha served with fne sev will be so delicious. I did not sev in hand so I served this topped with grated coconut. It was such a comforting and light breakfast yet filling.
To make kanda batata poha recipe, I have used poha with medium thickness, this type of poha turns soft mushy not mushy when soaked. Do not use paper poha or very thin poha for this recipe.
Do try this kanda bata poha recipe and tell me how you liked it!
If you are looking for more easy breakfast recipes do try grilled sandwich, oats idli, dosa recipe, oats dosa
Kanda batata poha recipe with step-by-step photo.
1. Pick the poha without any dirt or stone. Wash it very well under running water for 3-4 minutes. Keep the poha aside for 7-10 minutes without draining. No need to soak.
2. After 10 minutes mix turmeric powder and salt to the poha and set aside till using.
3. Heat 3 teaspoons oil in a kadai. Add cumin seeds and let it splutter. Add slit green chilies and curry leaves. Saute for 2-3 minutes. Add peanuts and saute well.
4. Add sliced onions and saute well till the color changes slightly.
5. Add boiled and cubed potatoes and saute for 4- minutes. Add little salt if needed (salt is already added in poha) and mix well.
6. Add the prepared poha and saute in low flame for 3-4 minutes. Add fresh grated coconut and serve kanda bata poha immediately.
Kanda batata poha recipe card below:
5 from 1 vote Print Kanda batata poha recipe | Easy breakfast recipes Prep Time 10 mins Cook Time 10 mins Total Time 20 mins Kanda batata poha recipe. Easy breakfast recipe with rice flakes and potatoes! Course: breafast Cuisine: Indian Servings : 3 servings Calories : 231 kcal Authors : Harini Ingredients (1 cup=250 ml) 1 cup poha/aval/rice flakes
2 medium potatoes boiled,peeled and cubed
1 medium onion finely sliced
3 tablespoons fresh grated coconut
2 tablespoons peanuts
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
2 green chilies slit
1/4 teaspoon turmeric powder
6-7 curry leaves
Salt
3 teaspoons oil Instructions Pick the poha without any dirt or stone. Wash it very well under running water for 3-4 minutes. Keep the poha aside for 7-10 minutes without draining. No need to soak. After 10 minutes mix turmeric powder and salt to the poha and set aside till using. Heat 3 teaspoons oil in a kadai. Add cumin seeds and let it splutter. Add slit green chilies and curry leaves. Saute for 2-3 minutes. Add peanuts and saute well. Add sliced onions and saute well till the color changes slightly. Add boiled and cubed potatoes and saute for 4- minutes. Add little salt if needed (salt is already added in poha) and mix well. Add the prepared poha and saute in low flame for 3-4 minutes. Add fresh grated coconut and serve kanda bata poha immediately. Recipe Notes 1.You can top up with fine sev before serving.
2. You can lemon juice before serving.
3. Do not add water while cooking or soak the poha completely in water. Just rinsing under running water is enough.
Sharing is caring!
The National Health Service is there for you throughout your life, from the day you are born to your final days. It is something to be valued, protected and improved, and that is what David Cameron and the Conservatives have done in this parliament. Our absolute commitment to the NHS is supported by a strong economy so that it's there, free at the point of use, for the future, able to cope with an ageing population, and able to offer the best healthcare in the world.
Conservative party pledges extra £8bn per year for NHS Read more
That's why we have a plan for the NHS, backed up by the funding it needs. We have made difficult decisions elsewhere in order to increase spending on the NHS in real terms every year. We have also achieved billions of pounds in efficiency savings, all of which went straight back into the frontline. The result is fewer managers and thousands more doctors and nurses to treat record numbers of people, in better hospitals, with the newest drugs and treatments.
But new treatments and an ageing population with increasingly complex needs are creating rising pressures on the system. The good news is that we have empowered the NHS to determine its own answers, and under the leadership of its new chief executive, Simon Stevens, the healthcare community has reached an amazing degree of consensus on the way forward. The NHS's own plan, the Five Year Forward View, sets out a vision for transforming the way healthcare is delivered, breaking down barriers between services so patients receive more joined-up care. Building on our £5.3bn Better Care Fund, which started this month, areas such as Greater Manchester will show the way by pooling budgets, and 29 vanguard sites will adopt new ways of working that integrate services and move them closer to people's homes.
We back the NHS's plan, but there's no point having a plan without the funding to deliver it, so today we commit to deliver what the NHS needs. The Five Year Forward View sets out a projected gap between costs and resources of up to £30bn by the year 2020-21. As the plan says, the majority of this gap, £22bn, can be made up through efficiency and reform, as well as improvements in public health and prevention that will keep people healthier for longer. The NHS will do its part, and we will do ours. So I can confirm that in the Conservative manifesto next week we will commit to a minimum real-terms increase in NHS funding of £8bn in the next five years.
Election 2015: polls show NHS poses the greatest challenge for Tories Read more
That is a minimum of £8bn over and above the £2bn down payment that I announced in the autumn statement last year. We've funded the NHS through the last five years; today we commit to fund it for the next five years.
We can make this commitment because we've got the track record and a plan to grow our economy. New figures, confirmed by the Treasury, show that in the five years from 2010-11 to 2015-16 we are set to deliver a real-terms increase of £7.3bn. And we have done that at the same time as halving the deficit as a share of GDP and cutting income tax for 26 million people. In the next parliament we will continue with the same balanced approach.
With the funding and reforms that our NHS needs we can offer real improvements to the services people depend on, like guaranteeing over-75s same-day access to a GP. By supporting the most vulnerable we can improve their lives and ease the pressures on the NHS by reducing the number of unnecessary and often distressing visits to A&E. We can also guarantee that by 2020 everyone in the country will be able to access a GP at weekends and evenings. The NHS will finally abandon paper records, and the NHS and social care systems will work together.
NHS funding: plenty of manifesto pledges, but fewer firm figures | Letters Read more
When this government took office in 2010, with the biggest budget deficit in Britain's peacetime history, other parties urged us to cut spending on the NHS. The then Labour health secretary, Andy Burnham, said it would be “irresponsible” to protect health spending. Sadly the Labour party in Wales took his advice and cut the NHS budget, betraying the people of Wales. For the Lib Dems, Vince Cable argued consistently against ringfencing the NHS, a position he has advocated throughout this parliament. We rejected those arguments, and we reject them again.
Those who urged us to cut the NHS also fail to understand the most important thing of all – all of this is only possible because of a strong economy. Harm the economy with higher taxes and higher debts, and not only do you put millions of jobs at risk: you undermine the NHS and all the vital public services that a strong economy pays for. Countries such has Portugal and Greece lost control of their economies, and each cut their health budgets by over 10%.
Decisions about spending go to the heart of our politics because they reflect our values. We in the Conservative party are in no doubt about our approach: the NHS is something precious. We value it for the security it provides to everyone in our country, and we will always give it the resources it needs.
Women's March co-organizers Linda Sarsour, Tamika D. Mallory, Bob Bland and Carmen Perez were arrested for protesting outside of Trump International Hotel in New York City on International Women's Day, according to the Women's March official Twitter page.
Some of us have been arrested #DayWithoutAWoman
The arrest took place at approximately 1:30 p.m. Sarsour and Mallory were marching toward the hotel, which is located in Columbus Circle, where they reportedly intended to form a human chain around the building. Thirteen demonstrators had been reportedly arrested at Columbus Circle, a NYPD spokesman told Patch. Another NYPD spokesman, however, could not immediately confirm to Mic how many were arrested or any charges made.
A Women's March representative told the Hollywood Reporter that out of thirteen arrested, eleven were organizers of the Day Without Women's March.
"Today, the national leaders of the Women's March gathered with allies and those participating in the day's actions for a show of solidarity and revolutionary love," the rep told the Hollywood Reporter. "After a peaceful protest in New York City in honor of A Day Without a Woman, 11 organizers were arrested by the New York City Police Department in an act of civil disobedience outside of Trump International Hotel & Towers."
Many groups across the country are participating in women's strikes and protests in honor of International Women's Day.
On Dec. 3, 2015, Sarsour and Mallory were both arrested during a peaceful demonstration while participating in the Eric Garner protests in New York City, which took place one year after the non-indictment of Daniel Pantaleo — the police officer who was recorded putting the Staten Island man in a chokehold that ultimately resulted in his death.
Linda Sarsour was just arrested outside Trump International for disorderly conduct. https://t.co/SOais39G7L
This story is breaking and will be updated.
Feb. 08, 2017, 3:39 p.m.: This story has been updated.
Ah, the Sennheiser HD600, a classic headphone. I won't go into the history of it here much, but this headphone has been around for a while, and still remains a major contender at its price point. Considering its age, and the fact that it is still relevant speaks volumes about how good this headphone is, let's discuss why, shall we?
Let's begin with the overall build. This is an open-back headphone. The design is very straightforward and robust, with plastic pieces holding the transducer housings in place, and a plastic headband. Despite being made of plastic, these parts feel sturdy enough. The build is not all plastic though, as the adjustment arms are made of metal, and the grills covering the drivers feel to be also made of metal. Overall, the build feels plenty sturdy, though I have heard of the top headband snapping. This is not too much of a worry, as I have heard endless praise for Sennheiser's customer service. The cable is about ten feet long, and detachable, with a proprietary two-prong connector on the bottom of each cup. It terminates in a 3.5mm connector, and comes with a quarter-inch adapter that fits flush with the rest of the connector. The cable leaves some to be desired, as it feels a little cheap and plasticky, but it certainly gets the job done well, without any connection issues.
Let's move on to comfort, shall we? The HD600 has way too much clamping force right out the box, but this is easily rectified by fully extending the adjustors, and bending the metal parts backwards until it is comfortable. Once the clamp is fixed, this headphone is one of the most comfortable headphones I have used, as the pads are large and soft, made of a wonderful velour. The headband has four little cushions on it, providing more support than is even needed, as this headphone is very lightweight. Overall, comfort is excellent and I can wear these all day, and they simply disappear on my head.
Let's continue on to the actual sound. All sound evaluation was done with the HD600 being powered by a non-uber Schiitstack. Overall, this headphone is very neutral, though bass is slightly rolled off, and the midrange is a hair more forward than truly neutral. The bass is indeed rolled off, but retains enough impact for bass-light music, though it would leave a basshead wanting more. The bass is overall pretty good, though it is not the star of the show here. I would say that the midrange is where the HD600 shines the greatest, with the most natural-sounding midrange that I have heard in any headphone to date. Vocals come across as phenomenally rich in tonality, while maintaining their neutrality. Instruments are very well separated, with each instrument being distinct, without any instrument overpowering another unless the track calls for it. The treble is well extended, and sounds very clean. The word I would use to describe the treble is “crisp,” as every note is clearly defined, and feels very textured, but without introducing any grain. The soundstage of the HD600 is rather narrow, but the wonderful imaging and separation can give the illusion of width at times, and certainly keep this headphone out of “boring” territory. While it is narrow, nothing is overly “in your face,” and the sound overall leans toward being a bit laid-back, while retaining detail.
In summary, the HD600 is rather comfortable, well built, and sounds very neutral and pleasing. Would I recommend it? In a heartbeat, yes. Given the neutral nature of the HD600, it is the headphone that I will be comparing everything else against from here on out.
-TheOmegaCarrot
Advertisements
After almost four months and 14 Premier Leagues games without a win Sunderland's bleak midwinter finally ended last night. As the thermometer dropped to freezing point it did not exactly seem like spring but Steve Bruce's suddenly relaxed body language was that of a man who has just felt the sun's warmth on his back for the first time in a very long while.
Like Bolton, who began brightly enough but faded badly, Sunderland have not yet banished relegation fears but, thanks to Darren Bent's hat-trick and Fraizer Campbell's opener, their manager now has no reason to feel trepidation when he attends a scheduled formal meeting with his boss this morning.
More than an hour before kick-off Bruce stood in the centre circle deep in conversation with Ellis Short, Sunderland's owner. Given Fabio Capello's recent experience with bugging, perhaps it was the one place the pair felt confident of not being overheard as they presumably discussed the reasons behind the team's lack of victories since beating Arsenal in November.
Small wonder then that relief was writ large across Bruce's and Short's face as Campbell's first Premier League goal gave Sunderland a 44th-second lead. When Bolton only semi-cleared Anton Ferdinand's deep cross, Lorik Cana sent another ball back into the area for Campbell to latch on to before beating Jussi Jaaskelainen courtesy of a controlled, close-range volley.
It proved the cue for the recently underwhelming Cana, Campbell and Steed Malbranque in particular to recapture their early-season spike and sparkle.
"It's been a long time, a long winter," said Bruce. "The early goal gave everyone the confidence we needed. It's been tough and I'm not just talking about the north-east weather. I just feel relieved." And his tête-à-tête with Short? "I went outside to get some fresh air and who did I bump into but the owner," added Sunderland's manager before extolling the Texan's "supportive" stance.
Fears that Bruce would require post-match consolation receded when Malbranque, excellent on the left, helped create the second goal, playing in the hitherto disappointing Cattermole who slipped a lovely ball to Bent. Surging forward, he held off a clutch of markers to shoot powerfully, right-footed, past Jaaskelainen from just inside the penalty area. It was the sort of defender-confounding finish to make you think Bent should be on England's summer flight to South Africa after all. "Darren must be in Fabio Capello's thoughts," said Bruce. "He's a natural goalscorer."
It got worse for Bolton and even better for Bent. First Sam Ricketts was sent off for a second yellow-card offence, namely the gentle shove which sent Bent tumbling, thereby conceding a slightly controversialpenalty. Next the victim dusted himself down and converted that kick before subsequently completing a first Sunderland treble by shooting his 19th goal of the season through a crowded area after playing a lovely one-two with Campbell.
Despite enjoying a fair amount of possession and forcing several set pieces, Bolton rarely threatened Craig Gordon – even if Lee Chung-yong might have done better than shoot wildly over the bar when he might have equalised.
"With conceding so early and then going down to 10 men everything conspired against us," said Owen Coyle, Bolton's manager, who thought the already booked Cana should have been sent off for a heavy, knee-high, tackle on Vladimir Weiss and disputed both the penalty award and Ricketts's red card. "I thought we were very unfortunate."
If only his team had been as feisty.
1999: After nearly 20 years and millions of quarters, someone attains the unthinkable: a perfect score on Pac-Man.
The world record was set by 33-year-old Billy Mitchell of Hollywood, Florida, during a U.S.-Canada clash over the Fourth of July weekend. Mitchell took more than six hours to complete the game at the Funspot Family Fun Center in Weirs Beach, New Hampshire.
To achieve the game's maximum score of 3,333,360 points, Mitchell navigated 256 boards (or screens), eating every single dot, blinking energizer blob, flashing blue ghost, and point-loaded fruit, without losing a single life.
"It was tremendously monotonous," said Mitchell, a father of three and president of Rickey's World Famous Sauces, a manufacturer of Louisiana hot sauces.
Mitchell's record was confirmed by Twin Galaxies, publisher of the Official Video Game & Pinball Book of World Records.
Walter Day, Twin Galaxies' chief scorekeeper, said the perfect Pac-Man score was one of the most difficult feats in the history of arcade gaming.
"The level of completeness is so complete it's difficult to find an analogy to compare it to.... It took tremendous skill. The focus is extraordinary," he said at the time.
Pac-Man has been one of the most popular arcade games ever made, and was played more than 10 billion times worldwide in its first 20 years, according to Day.
"To the best of our knowledge, it [was] the first time someone's done this," said Patrick Fitzgerald, a spokesman for Midway Games, which distributed Pac-Man in the early 1980s.
Mitchell and an American friend had spent the previous year in a grudge match against a pair of Canadians, trying to achieve the first perfect Pac-Man score as a matter of national pride.
In May 1999, one of the Canadians, Rick Fothergill, came within 90 points of the perfect score while playing at the Funspot arcade, described then as the world's second-largest arcade, with about 500 games.
The foursome set a Fourth-of-July-weekend rendezvous for their head-to-head competition.
Mitchell said he came very close to setting the record on July 1 – which coincidentally is Canada Day – but a kid pulled the plug about four hours into the game.
"I was noticeably upset," said the soft-spoken Mitchell.
Wearing a red-white-and-blue necktie to celebrate the holiday, Mitchell said he didn't eat for two days of the competition.
He said the record-breaking game's first 20 screens were tense and grueling, while the remaining 236 screens – all identical – strained his endurance.
"It felt like I'd been playing forever," he said. "[After about four hours] I realized I still had 100 boards to go. I started talking to myself, coaching myself on. I was afraid I was going to get lost inside myself."
Mitchell's entire game was recorded for posterity on videotape by a Funspot employee.
Mitchell said he was an avid arcade player in his teens, holding world records for the highest score on Donkey Kong, which he first set in 1982 at age 17. Steve Wiebe's attempt to beat that record is chronicled in the 2007 documentary, King of Kong.
"I was absolutely, totally consumed and obsessed by the idea that no one could beat me," Mitchell said. "I was the best."
Mitchell, who signed his high scores "Play to Win," once retired at age 19 before attaining the perfect Pac-Man score. He turned his energies toward the family business, staying away from arcades until 1998.
That's when Mitchell and his friend, Chris Ayra, the world-record holder for the high score on Ms. Pac-Man, a later version of the game, started their rivalry with the Canadians.
"I had the knowledge [to get the perfect Pac-Man score] in 1984, but my enthusiasm and the incentive to do it weren't there," Mitchell said. "We felt the Canadians were Johnny-come-latelys and needed to be put in their place."
After the record-breaking game, Mitchell immediately announced his second retirement, but added: "I'm like a boxer. I might come out for one more fight. Hopefully I won't get beat up."
Source: Wired.com archives
For 18 months, the Pony Express reigned as the fastest way to deliver information across the United States. It was introduced in April 1860 as a way to deliver mail between St. Joseph, Mo., and Sacramento, Calif. The Express used a system that employed a number of riders to travel 75 to 100 miles each. Riders switched horses every 10–15 miles across the 2,000-mile route. Frequently switching horses and ensuring that every station provided riders with well-rested horses allowed the Pony Express to constantly travel at full speed. The trip from St. Joseph to Sacramento took approximately 10 days, cutting previous delivery times in half.The average cost to mail a parcel by Pony Express was $5 per half ounce, and the average rider received between $100 and $150 a month for their dangerous and physically demanding job.Although a financial failure, the Pony Express is largely hailed as a success for its ability to maintain communication between the East Coast and California during the onset of the Civil War. The Pony Express, after completing over 300 journeys each way, was able to boast losing “only one mail pouch, or mochila, during its entire run,” according to the Library of Congress.The Pony Express was discontinued on Oct. 26, 1861, just two days after the completion of the transcontinental telegraph.
Donald Trump came to the presidency without any prior experience in government or the military — a first in U.S. history. Critics argued that this was a dangerous hole in Trump's resume, but defenders claimed his business experience would more than compensate.
Trump, they claimed, would be a transactional president, skillfully negotiating his way to better deals that had eluded his less business-savvy predecessors.
Almost six months into office, dealmaker-in-chief hasn't proven to be much of a winner. Meetings between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto at the G-20 summit last week, for instance, are a stark reminder that in several key areas Trump has given away valuable U.S. assets and is failing to deliver on deals he promised.
Consider:
1. North Korea: In January, as news broke that North Korea was developing an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States, Trump tweeted “It won't happen!” Trump suggested he would bring leverage to bear by enlisting China's help. In April, he floated the idea that China could get a better trade deal with the U.S. if it “solve[d] the North Korea problem.” If China didn't act, Trump said, the U.S. would “solve the problem without them.”
North Korea evidently has tested a missile capable of reaching Alaska. Trump has been reduced to hoping (again, on Twitter) that China will “put a heavy move on North Korea.”
That seems unlikely. Trump's dealmaking approach assumed that China could and would take action to stop North Korea if the price was right. But he overlooked problems that might not be solvable through any deal: the central action China could take to pressure North Korea — cutting off trade — could be highly dangerous for China. A failed North Korean state would mean refugees pouring into China and a unified Korea with U.S. troops at China's border. No trade deal with the U.S., however sweet, could make up for that.
At this point, there doesn't seem to be any way the Trump administration can undo what North Korea accomplished. Experts counsel that the best of the bad options available is for the U.S. to negotiate with Kim Jong-Un while accepting that North Korea “is a nuclear-weapons state that can target the United States.” Trump's boasting so far has failed to deliver.
Read: This is why China won't use its leverage over North Korea
2. U.S. alliances: Since World War II the U.S. has built and strengthened important and enduring relationships with allies in Europe and elsewhere. These allies have been close trading partners who also shared valuable intelligence and could be counted on to help the U.S. in a time of crisis — for instance, after 9/11.
Trump has systematically damaged or complicated relations with several key U.S. allies, including Germany and France. Angela Merkel's governing party in Germany no longer describes the U.S. as a friend, and Merkel publicly suggested that Europe can no longer rely on the United States. French President Emmanuel Macron, meanwhile, has compared Trump to dictators and invited American scientists to regard France as a refuge for their work.
This is an example of Trump giving away an asset. American alliances have value. Trump has damaged some of the most important ones, while gaining nothing in return.
3. Russia: Here as well, Trump has established a pattern of giving something for nothing. He has taken or attempted to take a number of steps that advance Putin's agenda, including: (1) undermining NATO, (2) repeating the Kremlin lie that Russia is not to blame for interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and (3) trying to undo sanctions the Obama administration placed on Russia.
Trump's meeting with Putin last Friday is itself a gift that helps legitimize the Russian leader and in fact might bring rewards for Russia. Trump, bizarrely, suggested after this meeting that the U.S. and Russia could form a cybersecurity partnership. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said Trump's proposal was “not the dumbest idea I've ever heard, but it's pretty close.” Former U.S. ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul remarked of Trump's interactions with Russia that “Putin is happy to accept our concessions without giving anything in return.”
4. Middle East peace: Trump promised to broker peace between Israelis and Palestinians, declaring “we will get this done.” But there is no indication yet that Trump or son-in-law Jared Kushner, who has been tasked with making this happen, are bringing anything new to the table. Reporting on Kushner's trip to the region last month suggests “[Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu played Kushner like a fiddle,” while Palestinian leaders were “greatly disappointed in Kushner [and an aide] serving as go-betweens for Netanyahu.”
5. Mexico: Trump made forcing Mexico to pay for a border wall a centerpiece of his campaign. But Mexico has said no, not surprisingly, and Trump is now asking Congress for money to pay for the wall, even as Trump has continued to insist (contrary to all evidence) that Mexico will ultimately foot the bill.
This is how Trump's “business presidency” model is playing out internationally, and the results are not promising. (Nothing on the domestic front balances this out: major legislation is stalled and Trump seems to be a spectator of his own presidency.)
Perhaps Trump will turn things around, but what's more likely is that the promise of a transactional presidency delivering wins for the United States is just a mirage.
Chris Edelson is an assistant professor of government in American University's School of Public Affairs. His latest book, Power Without Constraint: The Post 9/11 Presidency and National Security , was published in May 2016 by the University of Wisconsin Press.
Want news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
I've recently started following beer writer Heather Vandenengel on Twitter and caught this post (and responses) yesterday, which piqued my interest:
Reading this story, it seems that the subhead Heather mentions refers to a few paragraphs that talk about food and beer pairings. That's it, essentially. Naturally, it'd be easy to then draw the line from craft beer to wine because wine is so ubiquitous with food pairings.
This started a brief Twitter conversation between myself, Heather and Win Bassett, executive director of the North Carolina Brewers Guild. I asked them “Is wine connection just easier? More accessible to “avg joe” reader? Or just bad editor/paginator?” They both answered that the connection of “craft beer as the new wine” shouldn't be made in the first place.
I completely agree with Win and Heather – beer should stand alone. However, what is the extent of the harm of the comparison? This is an issue of semantics. It's all about wordplay and phrasing, but something that definitely affects beer lovers.
Full disclosure: I rarely drink wine despite growing up in one of the highly regarded wine countries in the U.S. I drink beer very often. Let's hit the jump together to dissect this misunderstanding…
A simple answer is – as Twitter user “TheDrewStarr” puts it – Betteridge's Law of Headlines, which states that “Any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word ‘no.'”
Since we've got that out of the way, why do writers/editors/media keep making the connection of beer as the new wine? The broad answer is probably pretty easy – the idea of Americans liking craft beer is still relatively new, so some kind of connection or reference is needed. Keep in mind that while craft beer in its current state has been around since the 1960s with the reopening of Anchor Brewing Company by Fritz Maytag, it hasn't been until recently that we've seen a “craze” really take hold:
So back to this wine/beer comparison. I agree that really, there should be no connection, but it's just an easy/cliche line to make for general newspaper readership, right? Does Average Joe know the difference?
Which brings us to the real question at the heart of this issue: How can we change Average Joe's viewpoint to understand that beer is its own thing and “wine” doesn't need to enter the conversation?
Ultimately, I think it's about general education, but where is the saturation point? How do we make sure people can learn about craft beer (and its differences with wine) and why it's not OK to say craft beer is the “new wine?” This is simply one of 23904823234 and counting blogs about beer that certainly try to discuss the craft and art of beer, but does Average Joe care? Can they care with dozens of commercials telling them to tap the Rockies or go platinum or even if you're not a beer drinker drink this beer when you do? Anyone remembers the embarrassment that was Bitter Beer Face? (It's OK – even preferable – for beer to be better. Gasp!)
This isn't about what I think or what you think – although I certainly care about what you think, I promise. This is about what a generic, non-specific, sometimes beer drinking person out in the ether of the world thinks. And that's the problem.
Look, we know macrobreweries still consist of 94.3 percent of sales by volume and 91.9 percent of dollars in the U.S. This tells me that people are still buying (and sticking to) BMC beers and perhaps are weary of spending extra on a beer they don't know and don't understand. However, craft beer sales are stronger than ever.
And follow me here because I'm speaking VERY broadly, but if we're talking about a market of a (somewhat) unknown quantity – craft beer – how can we make it more relatable? By using cliches that Average Joe will understand. Average Joe probably believes that wine is kind of fancy and when we make wine vs. craft beer arguments, it's because to Average Joe, craft beer is probably kind of fancy. These are the people we want to change, after all, and I think that's OK. It doesn't mean we can't convert them, it just means it takes extra effort to change their mind when they hear cliches like this.
So what it comes down to then is where or why is this connection being made? Is it because wine is “expensive” and craft beer is “expensive?” Is it because wine is “exotic” and craft beer is “exotic?” Or is it simply laziness?
You tell me.
Advertisements
BETHLEHEM (Ma'an) -- The threat of arrest hangs over a Druze teenager from northern Israel after refusing to go against his conscience and serve in Israel's military, Amnesty International said Wednesday.
A few days after his birthday on Nov. 17, Omar Saad's father received a call from the Israeli army, who informed him that Omar was due to start his military induction on Dec. 4.
Last year, Omar was called for a medical examination to confirm eligibility for conscription in Israel's military, but wrote in protest to Israel's Prime Minister and Defense Minister, saying: "I refuse because I am a man of peace and I hate all forms of violence, and the military institution represents for me the peak of physical and psychological violence."
On Wednesday, Omar is due to protest his objection to joining the Israeli military by playing a rendition of "We wish you a Merry Christmas" in front of the office in which he must report enrolling, Amnesty said.
He will be joined by his sister and two brothers, who together form the Galilee (String) Quartet.
Amnesty International says it is highly likely that he will be arrested by Israel's army and sentenced to a minimum of 28 days, which could be renewed each time he refuses to serve.
"I refuse to take an assault rifle and point it at another human being. I abhor this violence and everything connected to violence. I detest and hate all violence," he told Amnesty International.
"I don't want to be part of the Israeli army because the Israeli government is responsible for the occupation. As an Arab Druze I consider myself part of the Palestinian people - so how can I be part of the army that occupies my people? I won't sell all my beliefs and my identity to anyone."
Every year, a handful of Israeli teenagers are sent to prison for refusing to serve in the Israeli army on grounds of conscience, Amnesty says.
Although Druze communities are conscripted into Israel's military, many have refused to serve on the grounds that they would be fighting a war against their own people.
"The loneliness of the prison cell is one thousand times better than standing in front of my people while pointing a gun at them, or imposing a curfew on them," Ajuad Zidan, a former Druze objector, said after refusing to enlist in 2010.
In Israel, a "conscience committee" can decide upon exemptions for conscientious objectors, but refusals are often only allowed for those who protest on religious grounds, Amnesty says.
"Omar Saad should not be imprisoned. If the Israeli authorities decide to arrest him, he will be a prisoner of conscience and we will campaign for his immediate release," said Philip Luther, Middle East and North Africa Director at Amnesty International.
"Instead of persecuting those who have a moral objection to serving in the military, Israeli authorities should establish a fully independent and impartial body to assess claims of conscientious objection in a fair and transparent manner."
According to Amnesty, the right to object military service is protected under Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Article 18 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to which Israel is a party.
In 2003, the United Nations Human Rights Committee called on the Israeli government to review its legislation to bring it in line with international human rights law.
"Many people across the world support me. They support what I think and will stand with me. That gives me strength to go through this," Omar told Amnesty.
THE last thing that America needs is more economic turmoil and political navel-gazing in Europe, a continent which—for all that it disappoints and maddens officials in Washington—remains a major trading partner and indispensable ally when the “free West” needs to act as one, for instance by sanctioning Russia over its actions in Ukraine. Turmoil in Britain is especially unwelcome, because, though Germany may be more powerful and France more gung-ho during recent foreign-policy crises, no other big European nation so often shares America's basic instincts about the world and how to keep it prosperous and safe.
For that reason American leaders of both parties have hastened to play down the shock of the Brexit vote. Visiting London in April, Barack Obama urged the British not to leave, and offered a blunt (and in the end, probably counter-productive) warning that if they did, an independent Britain would find itself at the “back of the queue” when it came to striking free-trade deals with America. All efforts in Washington, he argued, are focused on expanding trade with whole blocks of countries, in Asia and in the European Union.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
On June 28th Mr Obama told NPR, a radio network, that he did not share the “hysteria” of some after the Brexit vote, describing the result as “a pause button” pressed on the project of full European integration, which “was probably moving faster and without as much consensus as it should have”.
The president suggested that if, after a two-year negotiation, Britain ended up “affiliated to Europe, like Norway is,” the average American is not going to notice a big change.
On the right many voices, from Donald Trump to members of Congress, have greeted Brexit as a welcome display of independence by an old ally, and an escape from the clammy embrace of a decaying European super-state. The highest-ranking elected Republican, Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, suggested that America should “show solidarity” by opening talks on a free-trade agreement with Britain, while continuing parallel negotiations with the EU about a long-discussed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, TTIP.
The politics of such a gesture are straightforward enough. Promising talks with Britain offers Mr Ryan, a leading advocate of free trade, a chance to stress that the Republican Party is larger than Mr Trump, its presumptive presidential nominee and a noisy sceptic about recent free-trade deals. It also allows Republicans to scold Mr Obama for being too harsh towards an ally.
Boosters note that Britain and America might find it rather easy to forge agreement on digital services involving exchanges of data, as British public opinion is less neuralgic about privacy and data protection than is the case in, say, Germany. The British would also be less fussed about such issues as protecting continental beef from American imports, or defending French-language films from Hollywood competition. Britain's big ambitions for transatlantic trade often involve services, ie, making it easier for British lawyers or architects to bid for work in America.
But those with long experience of trade relations between America and Europe are less sanguine. Even the simplest trade deal takes two to three years, it is noted, and Britain—assuming it does embark on a formal process of leaving the EU—will need to start recruiting trade negotiators from scratch. Running negotiations in parallel would risk overwhelming the available political “bandwidth”.
Also, though Mr Obama was partly playing politics in April by saying that Britain would be at the back of the queue for a trade deal, not least because he will not be president after January 2017, there are large economic and geopolitical reasons why American politicians in favour of free trade will not want to be seen easing up on their support for the biggest trade pact of all. Their efforts are currently focused on forging a big trade agreement with countries around the Pacific Rim, the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), which is next in queue—should the mood in Congress allow for its ratification.
More specifically, insiders question the idea that running parallel talks with the EU and Britain would be feasible. Until Britain has confirmed what sort of trading relations it will have with the European single market, British officials cannot answer vital questions that America is sure to pose: how would a supply chain work if it begins in America, runs through Britain and ends with goods entering the European market? What EU regulations and tariffs might products from American-owned factories in Britain face? Will Britain have full legal control over its own trade law, or will it have to pool some aspects of sovereignty with the EU, complicating any deals it might cut with America?
For Britain to be able to answer that question requires clarity about its links to the single market, and that could take years. It is also noted that while Britain is trying to resolve its relations with Europe, its largest market, it could be hazardous for British officials to offer concessions to America that are seen as undercutting European talks on TTIP, a move likely to trigger a backlash—not least because the politics of trade are so toxic across the rich West.
Some voices in Washington, questioning how America might conduct twin-track talks with Britain and the EU, observe that the TPP is an “open platform” agreement, meaning that other countries are legally allowed to apply to join it, once it has been completed. An independent Britain could ask to join TPP and—subject to a vote in Congress and agreement from the pact's other members—enjoy trading access to America, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. The idea is sufficiently ingenious that the same voices in Washington suggest that—should it tempt a future British government—they should take care in talks with the EU about single-market access to avoid deals on video content, labour laws or other contentious issues that might obstruct TPP access.
Fundamental questions need to be resolved on the British side. Will Britain see its role as going it alone and prospering in competition with the EU, or will it regard co-operation with the EU as the best way of enlarging transatlantic trade? Americans see no signs of anything like clarity from Britain, on this or many other issues raised by Brexit.
Philip Gordon, a former assistant secretary of state in charge of European relations during Mr Obama's first term, notes a dilemma for America as it faces an outcome it did not seek. The Brexit vote is a “real setback” for America, Mr Gordon says, raising risks that Britain and Europe will now be distracted by years of internal debate. Britain has been a key ally in promoting an “outward-facing Europe”, and a reliable voice arguing with America for EU sanctions to pressure such countries as Russia and Iran.
Now, however, America must weigh its desire for clarity about Britain's future role in Europe against the chance that Britain will rethink its decision. Should America wish the Brexit question to be resolved quickly, “or should one maintain hope that it will be revisited?” Mr Gordon asks. From Britain, for the moment, there comes no answer.
About The Trust
The Atlanta Silverbacks Football Club and the Atlanta Silverbacks Trust have joined forces to offer an opportunity for partial fan-ownership of the Silverbacks. With this purchase, the Trust would own a 25% stake in the club and have a full voting representative on the Board of Directors of the club, giving the Trust a say in how the club is operated and developed.
The landscape of soccer in the United States is undergoing immense change. The fan-owned model, which is popular at all levels of the sport in Europe, is also becoming popular here in America. Many lower level clubs in Europe have been stabilized and strengthened under the fan-ownership model. Portsmouth FC in England is a notable example. Multiple relegations and two bankruptcies resulted in fans mobilizing to purchase the club. They were so successful that Michael Eisner purchased the club this past summer.
Partial fan ownership is a requirement in Germany. Some of the largest clubs in Europe, such as Barcelona and Real Madrid, are completely fan owned. Closer to home, clubs like San Francisco City FC (PDL) and Minneapolis City SC (NPSL) are utilizing this business model, which provides the strongest possible connection between the club and the community.
The Atlanta Silverbacks are Atlanta's oldest existing professional soccer team, tracing our roots back to 1995 when ancestor clubs The Ruckus was founded. The Silverbacks were formally founded in 1998, named to honor Zoo Atlanta legend Willie B. The club has participated in several leagues over the last twenty years as American soccer has undergone tremendous upheaval. With more stable leagues in the lower divisions, it is our hope that additional community involvement will allow the club to grow and thrive for generations to come.
Trust Officers
Goal Achieved
5Ghz @ 1.36v
Average temps under 75 degrees
VCCIO / VCCSA - Auto in BIOS (default)
24 hours Prime95 v27.9 Small FFTs - stable with no failures I am comfortable with v27.9 over v28.10 (more volts / temps) to prove stability for my usage.
I reduced the Kraken x62 fan speed to 50% and increased pump to 100% - the system is now silent for me.
Geekbench: https://browser.geekbench.com/v4/cpu/1393935
Cinebench R15: https://s28.postimg.org/uo1q2uzv1/CB_R15.jpg
Cinebench R11.5: https://s24.postimg.org/uu5mqe9z9/CB_R11_5.jpg
Blender v2.77 - Ryzen @150 Samples: https://s28.postimg.org/5kxlq8ny5/Blender_V2_77_Ryzen.jpg
Blender v2.78a - Ryzen @150 Samples: https://s29.postimg.org/rqye5er9j/Blender_V2_78a_Ryzen.jpg
Z270 (Asus Hero or TUF) and DDR4-4000+
The same cooler at the same setting: Kraken X62 - Fan @ 50% and pump at @ 65% (by the way, this cooler is only about 3 degrees cooler than the H110i, but has better config available)
Exactly the same BIOS settings - which was a x50 multiplier and voltage offset with LLC level 2 resulting in a stable 1.344v under prime 95 load
Memory stock (C15) and Uncore stock.
Prime 95 v27.9 run for 15 minutes in both tests.
The same case / config / install (tested with case side panel installed - i.e. how i would actually use it for 24/7 use so the test would be more meaningful to me): https://s30.postimg.org/gzluzd7w1/Case.jpg
1.36v fails in 9 mins (one logical core)
1.376v fails in 17 mins (one logical core)
1.392v fails on one logical core in 7 hours 18 minutes.
6 hours Prime95 Small FFTs stable - using Prime95 v28.7
4.7 Ghz @ 1.264v (memory stock - 2133) - note, HWinfo doesn't report volts correctly - see CPU-z.
Average temp 83 degrees
Corsair H110i set to quiet mode (I'd never leave it in performance mode due to the increased noise - I don't want to sit next to a vacuum cleaner!)
A-Tuning was used to adjust the offset - 0.02v and 0.03v failed in under an hour, 0.05v achieved stability at 4.7Ghz.
The 7700k has the potential to be stable at 5Ghz @ ~1.4v, with exceptional samples reaching 5.1 / 5.2 perhaps.
The power draw when overclocked 'seems' high, evidenced by the vdroop of 0.08v when under IBT load! I have no other means of measuring power draw - Let's hope the AT review focuses in on this.
I am unclear at this point whether temps are being reported correctly, but i believe not given the general expectations is for higher temps under poor air cooling (plus I witnessed a discrepancy of ~15 degrees idle temp between the BIOS and Windows/OS) .
Could an AIO cooler be standard in order to run overclocks north of 4.8ghz?
If you're going to overclock, get a board that has strong / stable power delivery to sustain voltage with limited vdroop! I'm not sure whether Z270 motherboards will offer better VRMs etc in anticipation for the 7700k.
Install AIO water cooler (either NZXT Kraken X62 or Corsair H110i with better fans)
Verify temperature readings
Configure voltage to avoid it dropping below stable voltage requirements at 5Ghz (1.36 - 1.38v should be enough is my assumption)
Stress test
Re-run benchmarks
De-lid and log temp drop - tool: http://rockitcool.myshopify.com/
Enjoy
Buy a decent Z270 board if needed when they're released.
Enjoy some more.
Interesting, so the new BIOS actually allows a negative multiplier offset for AVX instructions which has allowed me to overclock to 5.1Ghz and auto drop down to 5Ghz when avx instructions are executed. Not sure if this is a new feature for Kaby Lake processors?I have left the voltage configuration the same as the 5Ghz overclock that was 24 hour Prime95 v27.9 stable - 230mv offset with LLC level 2 - and now have prime95 v26.6 stability at 5.1Ghz for over 2 hours using the 1344 small FFT custom test (guide here: http://overclocking.guide/stability-testing-with-prime-95/ ). The voltage stabilises at 1.376v (instead of 1.36v when using v27.9 @ 5Ghz) as v26.6 isn't putting as much load on the processor.When I execute Prime95 v27.9 or v28.10 the multiple automatically drops to x50 / 5Ghz as expected, so I have essentially found another 100Mhz using the AVX offset.Some 5.3Ghz Cinebench R15, why not:I set out to achieve 5Ghz at or below 1.4v and 75 degrees.Associating benchmarks:Next Steps:Memberposted some great results from his gold sample 7700k -andunder Prime is extremely impressive.When delidded the max temps in Prime are only ~50 degrees at 5Ghz on this chip (made possible by the reduced Vcore requirement for 5Ghz), netting a ~20 degree reduction in max temps. Let's hope more 7700k's perform like batch L642G244!Before & after delidding, 30min 1344k Prime test:delid video - it really is that simple (and relatively risk free IMO)!Memberhas also witnessed similar temp drops after a delid on a 7700k with a different batch number, so this appears to be a trend (albeit with only 2 data points).also posted an impressive Geekbench score - 5GHz, DDR4-3200 15-17-17-35 2T:Geekbench at 5.3Ghz / memory stock: https://browser.geekbench.com/v4/cpu/1357306 ----------------------------The journey to rock solid 5Ghz continues.Some more interesting finds. Before delid the temps in Prime 95 v28.7 Small FFTs were insane and would almost instantly fail - i believe the increased temps destabilises overclocks (from what I've read, due to noise caused by heat).After delid, I was able to runat 5Ghz 1.392v for over 7 hours before one logical core failed.At 5Ghz using Prime 95 v28.10 Small FFTs, I observed:The pic shows 1.408v as the load dropped after one logical core failed (this is vdroop in play):EDIT: Initial Intel Burn Test shows a pass at 5.1Ghz - 1.376v / 72 degrees max temp: https://s27.postimg.org/8fewhhwkz/IBT_5_1_Ghz.jpg Delid doneBefore and after delid with Liquid Ultra - 5Ghz, 1.344v, Kraken X62 @ 50% fan and 65% pump (i.e. silent), Prime95 v27.9 - 26 degrees difference (~30 degrees max temp difference)!Before - https://s27.postimg.org/mgu5i6sc3/5ghz_P95_27_9_before.jpg After - https://s28.postimg.org/lg9hfqj6l/5ghz_P95_27_9_after.jpg Prime95 v28.7 doesn't instantly fail at 5Ghz anymore either. It would shoot up to 99 degrees, now stays at 66 degrees and did so for 1 minutes no failure.More testing to follow!EDIT: - Looks like 5Ghz might be back on the tableShort test with Prime95 v27.9 - 5Ghz at 1.34v stable for 15 minutes where as v28.7 was insta-fail and insane temps:For note, I am also not seeing failures when running IBT and OCCT (AVX Linpak ticked) at 5Ghz.So, first stability checkpoint / baseline reached. The headlines:For me, Prime95 Small FFTs is the gold standard in testing overclock stability, as OCCT and IBT pass at 5Ghz 1.36v where as P95 does not. Prime95 also produces the most heat - for these reasons, i feel it better tests the max load conditions (BF1 only gets temps to around 65 degrees).Given i'll need more voltage for higher frequencies resulting in 99 Degrees temps on the current setup (where it will also continually throttle), I'll be waiting until I delid and install the Kraken X62 on Thursday/Friday before going for Prime 95 Small FFT stability at 4.9Ghz which should be achievable with less than 1.4v (i may even attempt 5Ghz again, with better VRM cooling and CPU temps).Benchmark sanity test:The below should be a useful comparison against 6700k overclocks:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~It's too early to draw conclusions, but my initial observations are:Next Steps:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Right, let's get to it (i'll tidy this up later, along with adding further detail regarding the OC (and TempsRig:Proc - i7 7700kMobo - Asrock Z170 Pro4S - BIOS v7RAM - Corsair 2x8GB 3000Mhz C15GFX - EVGA GTX 1060 6GB SCCooling Stock - an old Thermalright 6 heat pipe tower, Corsair SP120Cooling for OC - Corsair H110i with 2 x Corsair ML140 Pro LED (cheap black Friday deal)Processor Pics:GeekBench v4: https://browser.geekbench.com/v4/cpu/1203097 CPU-Z (Stock):Cinebench R15 (Stock - Single & Multi Threaded Scores):
Washington (CNN) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is scrapping the development of a new state-run website that an internal memo had said his office would use at times to break news ahead of the independent press.
The move comes after The Indianapolis Star reported on Monday that the potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate was launching a site called "Just IN" to provide pre-written stories that the state's media outlets can re-publish. It was to be led by Bill McCleery, a former reporter for the newspaper, and include a managing editor and an editorial board.
"At times, Just IN will break news -- publishing information ahead of any other news outlet. Strategies for determining how and when to give priority to such 'exclusive' coverage remain under discussion," Pence's administration said in a question-and-answer sheet sent to state agencies' communications directors, the Star reported.
Pence quickly backtracked, telling a local conservative radio host that he'd only learned of the memo through The Star's report and that it clashed with his understanding of what was in development: a new one-stop clearing house for state agencies' press releases.
"I'm just telling you that I regret the confusion, and I'm telling you that that memorandum, however well intentioned, used language that was inappropriate," Pence told WIBC's Greg Garrison.
Read More
China's green energy industry has long been seen as a world-beater. But domestic pressures are mounting on its renewables firms as growth slows; and analysts are warning that Chinese companies could respond by accelerating their expansion overseas, stoking a rising east-west tension in the race towards a low-carbon economy.
The European commission has just followed up US trade action against China by announcing its own investigation into allegations that Bejing firms are "dumping" cheap solar panels in European markets.
But Chinese green companies are being hit at home by logjams on the power grid, the wider national economic downturn and increased competition of their own.
Longyuan, China's biggest wind farm operator, has cut its projected new power installations from 2 gigawatts (GW) in 2011 to 1.6GW this year and says it now wants to expand in the US, South Africa and Hungary. It has just pushed rival Iberdrola of Spain off the global top slot, according to a new report from Make Consulting.
Meanwhile, the grid problems and other issues have led Chinese wind-turbine maker Sinovel to report a 96% dive in first-half profits, while sales income was down by almost half.
Sinovel is the second largest of its kind in the world behind Vestas of Denmark, while Goldwind (third biggest) recently reported an 83% plunge in first-half profits on the back of a 42% slump in sales.
These setbacks may be temporary and are expected to increase Chinese activity overseas, rather than reduce it, according to Robert Clover, research director of Make Consulting. He says: "China has seen 50% compound growth [in wind energy] since 2005 but is now taking a pause … There is no doubt that manufacturers of turbines and asset owners [wind-farm operators] are now looking at international markets for growth."
And there are already signs that Chinese and other Asian firms are buying European rivals that have been hit by the credit crunch, the running-down of local subsidies and low-cost competition from abroad.
One high-profile example of this has been revelations that Mitsubishi of Japan has been talking about buying a stake in Vestas, whose share price has been hit by a series of problems.
The Danish wind-turbine maker, which has issued a series of profit warnings and has been through a major board and management team upheaval, has already sold off a wind turbine tower factory at Varde in Denmark to China's Titan Wind Energy.
And this comes at the same time as the financially stricken German solar business Q-Cells, once a world leader, has been rescued from the liquidators by Hanwha Chemical of South Korea. Another major German solar business, Solon, which has also in been in financial trouble, was bought earlier this year by the Indian firm, Microsol.
Meanwhile, China's Guangdong Aiko Solar Energy this summer bought collapsed Dutch business Scheuten Solar, while Ascent Solar – maker of solar-powered iPhone chargers – has fallen under the majority control of Chinese-Singaporean joint venture TFG Radiant.
But while these takeovers are creating controversy, there is also considerable relief that hundreds of jobs are potentially being saved by Asian-backed rescue missions.
The insolvency administrator handling the Q-Cells collapse, Henning Schorisch, said: "I am very happy Q-Cells has found a strong partner in Hanwha, which has the means to provide company, brand and staff with long-term perspectives again."
And state-owned Chinese energy company Three Gorges Corporation helped the Portuguese government by buying a major stake in the local utility, EDP, which is now a backer of plans to construct the world's largest wind complex – 1.5GW – off Caithness in northern Scotland.
Britain itself has made no secret of its desire to allow state-owned Chinese companies to become involved in a range of new atomic power stations as well as buy North Sea oil fields.
Clover says: "Companies such as Three Gorges not only bring their own fresh capital but Chinese lines of credit at a time when lending from many western banks is constrained."
Signs Of Life On Mars? Not Exactly
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech NASA/JPL-Caltech
The director of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said last week that preliminary data showed the possibility that the agency's Mars Science Laboratory – the six-wheeled rover that landed on Mars in August — had found signs of carbon-containing molecules.
According to a JPL news release, however, there will be no major announcements Monday, when scientists take part in a news conference at the annual meeting of American Geophysical Union. The science team is continuing to try and verify what the rover has found.
So why are the scientists being so careful with their findings and why are these carbon-containing molecules of such great interest?
"It's a substance that's consistent with biological materials," says John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology, the chief scientist on the rover team.
Now don't start thinking that because some carbon-containing compounds are associated with biological materials he's talking about life on Mars. Grotzinger says it doesn't have to be biological materials; there are plenty of carbon-containing compounds that have nothing to do with life.
But finding certain of these carbon molecules would be exciting because of what it might say about the Martian environment where the rover is sitting at the bottom of Gale crater.
If one kind of carbon can survive there, it might just be a place where carbon molecules that are related to living organisms could also survive as a kind of chemical fossil.
"There wouldn't be a field of paleontology unless you found the hot spots where things get preserved," Grotzinger says.
Grotzinger says the rover is looking for those hot spots; places where carbon-containing chemicals consistent with life might have been preserved and still exist.
"[But] even if they have nothing to do with life, at least it tells us that this is the kind of environment that might have been favorable for preservation of something that could be a biological material," he says.
Even the possibility of finding carbon compounds on Mars causes excitement, which certainly is not true for every planet. In the current issue of the journal Science, researchers reported they were virtually certain that had found large deposits of organic compounds on the planet Mercury, and that wasn't front page news.
"I can tell you anytime when you find anything with Mars, it's a frenzy," says Maria Zuber of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, one of the Mercury researchers who also works on Mars.
Mars just seems to have that effect on people.
The writings of Dr. David Jeremiah continue to engage my interest not only because he simply writes well BUT because he uses the information in the Bible as it should be used. That is: not just to fill in the Sunday services in any Church, but to add meaning to what has become a fearful and complicated life fraught with many pitfalls which includes: a media that is no longer reliable as their only interest seems to be either reporting the BAD or creating their own bad by asking questions to people of note that will ensue negative responses. AND thus I began my quest for peace and honesty that can only come from a supreme being that is on a much higher level than any of us. This particular book takes the Lord's Prayer and using bible references analyzes the contents of each line of the prayer. I read it through almost without putting it down and find myself picking it up and reading parts of it again and again. I have several others of his books but this one gives me some hope and peace of mind that the World cannot give!
A MasterCard executive has said that while the firm is “very, very interested” in blockchain technology, it will take a cautious approach to its experimentation with the tech while it believes it is still developing.
Speaking to Business Insider at the World Economic Forum in Davos, MasterCard CIO Garry Lyons outlined the steps the major global credit card network has so far taken to explore the industry.
Lyons said:
“Like the rest of the world, we're interested in seeing where blockchain technology goes.”
The comments come at a time when thought leaders in the traditional payments and finance industry are increasingly skeptical about the growing hype around “blockchain” and distributed ledger tech and its potential.
Lyons hinted at the growing chorus of blockchain enthusiasts, saying that every tech panel he attended at this week's Davos conference mentioned blockchain, with some even calling it “the second coming”.
“While we think it's very interesting, we don't want to, and no one wants to, be blindsided by rushing into it,” he told the news provider.
Lyons went on to speak positively about MasterCard's partnership with industry investment conglomerate Digital Currency Group (DCG), which the company said would help provide it with a strong connection to the industry.
Disclosure: CoinDesk is a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group.
CLOSE What did it take to create America's newspaper? Hear from the founders who created USA TODAY 35 years ago and inspired a new generation of journalists. USA TODAY
A New Jersey man whose esophagus and stomach were severely burned after drinking a beer tainted by a caustic chemical at McCormick & Schmick's restaurant in Harrah's casino has been awarded $750,000. The jury ruled that the restaurant and a company it hired to clean its beer tap lines should each pay half the award. Harrah's was not a defendant in the lawsuit. (Photo: Wayne Parry/Associated Press)
ATLANTIC CITY — A New Jersey man whose esophagus and stomach were severely burned after drinking a beer tainted by a caustic chemical at an Atlantic City casino restaurant has been awarded $750,000.
Paul D'Amato, the lawyer for Richard Washart, told The Associated Press the jury awarded the plaintiff $650,000 Friday for pain and suffering, and $100,000 for emotional distress.
The Seaville man sued the McCormick & Schmick's restaurant, which is located at the Harrah's casino, claiming he was served beer tainted by a caustic agent used to clean beer tap lines. Harrah's was not a defendant in the suit.
More: Instagram photos lead to confession in South Jersey bank heist
More: South Jersey mom causes stir in Utah
The restaurant blamed a company it uses to clean its beer lines, Kramer Beverage Co., of Hammonton, which denied being at the restaurant when the Nov. 6, 2012, incident took place.
The defendants each must pay half the award.
Washart, a former Ocean City police lieutenant, said he took a gulp of the beer he had been served, and immediately felt burning pain.
He ran to the bathroom, where he experienced the first of six rounds of projectile vomiting. He tried to drink water from the faucet, but was unable to, due to the pain in his mouth and throat.
A short time later, he began vomiting blood and went to a hospital; a doctor said he had never seen a patient survive with such severe burns to the esophagus and stomach.
D'Amato faulted Kramer Beverage, noting that it doesn't follow industry recommendations to use pH testing strips that cost 15 cents apiece to check beer after lines have been cleaned. But he also said the restaurant violated New Jersey's Adulterated Food Act by serving Washart a tainted brew.
Washart was hospitalized for six days.
Read or Share this story: https://www.courierpostonline.com/story/news/local/new-jersey/2017/09/15/man-served-caustic-beer-atlantic-city-restaurant-gets-settlement/670751001/
A major new study has underlined the crucial role played by rooftop solar in moderating energy prices: without it, the study says, the aggregate cost of electricity would have been several billion dollars higher over the past year.
The study by Energy Synapse, commissioned by the community lobby group Solar Citizens, reinforces previous estimates of the broad benefits of the more than 6GW of rooftop solar installed on more than 1.7 million household and business rooftops.
That capacity is ,often demonised by vested interests as “free-loading” on the network and other consumers, but the study proves otherwise.
It notes that in NSW alone the savings from rooftop solar – by reducing demand at crucial times and challenging the dominance of the big generators in the wholesale market – were between $2.3 billion and $3.3 billion in the 12 months to April, 2017.
That's how much the wholesale price is lowered from what they would have been if rooftop solar was not present in the market. Even though rooftop solar only provides 2 per cent of total generation, the study found it clipped prices by $29-44/MWh – up to 50 per cent higher than the actual price.
That stands to reason. Major generators have long complained about how solar is “clipping their margins”, and networks have also underscored the other major finding of the Energy Synapse study by pointing out that rooftop solar is narrowing and lowering the periods of peak demand.
Mark Byrne, from the Total Environment Centre, points that if the estimates are right, then the benefits to all energy consumers each year are twice the cost of the up-front support for rooftop solar, in the form of rebates and the STC market.
“That means all consumers got a return of at least double their investment in a single year – and the beauty of solar is that it should keep delivering benefits for an average of 20 years,” Byrne says.
“That's a massively good investment in constraining wholesale prices for all consumers, including those without their own PV. And the returns in respect of merit order impacts will get better as more people put solar on west facing roofs and install solar batteries.”
It is also important in the context of Australia's energy debate. The Coalition government appears poised to release a new policy designed to inhibit the roll out of at least large scale renewables, despite even the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission finding that more competition would likely cut prices.
The ACCC report was a perfectly times riposte to the Coalition and conservative argument that renewables are forcing up prices.
“The consumer watchdog has belled the cat. Power prices are going through the roof because big companies are gaming the system, not because of renewable energy targets,” said The Greens energy spokesman Adam Bandt.
But the ACCC report – commissioned by the Coalition government – is breathtaking in its cynicism of what can and should be done about it.c
Its major findings – that the absurd cost of electricity paid for by consumers is the result mostly of the “gold plating” of the network, followed by soaring wholesale prices and retail costs – is not new. Environmental schemes account for just 7 per cent of the total bills (see bill above).
ACCC chairman Rod Sims says the high costs – they have risen by 63 per cent more than the cost of inflation over the last decade – is because customers are effectively getting screwed by the networks and the generators and retailers.
But then, extraordinarily, he says nothing can be done.
He defends the actions of the big generators as “rational, profit maximising behaviour” that is “consistent with the National Electricity Rules (NER)”.
Of the network costs (which account for half household bills and largely explain the difference between Australia and other countries) Sims says these are “locked in”, refusing to countenance the argument that may be the network should take a write-down on the value of what he admits are their over-inflated asset bases.
In fact, the only measure that ACCC appears to recommend is for the government NOT to introduce a Clean Energy Target, despite the pleas of the Finkel Review and everyone apart from people associated with the Coalition, the Minerals Council of Australia and the Institute of Public Affairs.
The ACCC report itself recognises that increased competition from renewables is one of the principal ways to help reduce prices and challenge the incumbents. But Sims argues against this, saying that the costs of such initiatives are “smeared” across the consumer base.
This has been the argument of the incumbents for the best part of the decade, and it is truly shocking and disturbing, but not unexpected, that Australia's main pricing regulator should repeat them.
Like so many other regulatory assessments, it ignores the considerable benefits of renewables, and rooftop solar in particular, and the fact that these considerable benefits are also “smeared” across the consumer base.
Energy Synapse's analysis shows that rooftop solar mitigates prices because of the “merit order effect” – by creating electricity at zero marginal cost, it moves the “bidding stack” to the left and lowers prices.
Anyone doubting the ability of small amounts of demand can influence prices need only look at the Australian Energy Regulator reports which highlights how the big generators game the FCAS markets, pushing “availability” down just one MW below requirements so only high prices capacity comes into the market.
The most significant impact is felt in summer (see graph above), when the generators are at their most rampant, pushing up prices in the face of soaring demand in the summer heat as air-conditioners are switched on and gas and coal fired capacity is withdrawn or fails due to heat stress.
But small scale solar is also saving money on most days. This graph below illustrates an average day in NSW.
“It is worth noting that small solar was able to continue to put significant downward pressure on prices in the late afternoon around 4pm, even though the output of these systems was only at about 40% of max generation,” the report says.
There is one potential gremlin in the system – around 6pm. The report explains:
“The other interesting point is that our lower estimate for the 6pm Trading Interval shows an average price reduction of -$12/MWh, meaning that small solar could have produced a higher price (and hence increased cost) in this interval. “This is due to our adjustment of bid stacks at high levels of demand to account for peaker plants operating for more hours. Despite this one Trading Interval, the overall effect of small solar PV is to significantly reduce wholesale pricing.” Byrne points out that even if the Energy Synapse estimate is out by a factor of two, it still represents an extraordinarily good return for the rooftop solar support scheme.
One other graph from the ACCC that is worth noting is the average spot price on state-based wholesale electricity markets over the past decade.
As has often been said, but rarely recognised, South Australia's high wholesale prices are historical, and pre-date the state's big push into renewables. In 2007, the state's electricity prices were nearly double that of other states – and that's before it had any significant wind power.
That renewable capacity added in subsequent years actually helped moderate prices, and they have only jumped in the last two years – as in other states – when the big generators exercised their unfettered market power
That renewable capacity actually helped moderate prices, and they have only jumped in the last two years – as in other states – when the big generators exercised their unfettered market power, or as Sims prefers to describe it – acted in an economically “rational” manner.
Hear this week's Energy Insiders podcast – on Australia's peak stupidity and China's peak emissions.
Many of you will likely already know who Professor George Church is, and that he is an important and senior member of the research community engaged in treating the aging processes to prevent or reverse age-related diseases, not to mention all kinds of other applications for genetic engineering. For those who are not familiar with him, a short bio follows.
George Church is a professor at Harvard & MIT, the co-author of over 425 papers, 95 patent publications and the book Regenesis. He developed the methods used for the first genome sequence back in 1994 and he was instrumental in reducing the costs since then using next-generation sequencing and nanopores plus barcoding, DNA assembly from chips, genome editing, writing and re-coding.
He co-initiated the Genome projects in 1984 and 2005 to create and interpret the world's only open-access personal precision medicine datasets. He was also involved in launching the BRAIN Initiative in 2011.
We had the opportunity to catch up with him and he was kind enough to answer some questions we had about his work and his vision of what breakthroughs we might expect in the field of aging research in the near future.
Hello Professor Church, you were recently featured in the Toronto Sun suggesting that you predict “we are about to end the aging process. In the next five years no less!” Whilst progress has indeed been rapid in the field of rejuvenation biotechnology, could you clarify, is these five years to achieving this in human cells, to clinical trials, or what exactly?
Within five years it seems plausible to have some gene therapies in FDA approved clinical trials in dogs – aimed at general aging reversal, but quite likely, labeled for specific diseases (and in humans soon thereafter).
How do you propose to bring the various aging processes under medical control?
Combinations of gene therapies aimed at most of the known major aging pathways, though there are major challenges in efficient delivery.
Do you agree that epigenetic alterations as described in Hallmarks of Aging are a primary driver of the aging process, and if so, do you think we can safely use cell reprogramming factors OSKM (OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and MYC) and possibly additional factors to effectively reverse cell age in humans, like Belmonte and his team recently did in mice?
Yes. Epigenetics are important drivers, but it is only part of the Hallmarks of Aging — and OSKM would, in turn, be only part of that. Other examples are factors behind heterochronic parabiosis. Efficacy may depend on the various tissue types.
Note: Cells can be reprogrammed to induced pluripotent stem cells (iPS) by ectopic expression of OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and MYC (OSKM). This restores them to an earlier developmental state, making them more flexible and easier to transform into other kinds of cells. The work last year by Belmonte and his team saw them transiently induce these four factors in cells briefly enough to reset their age but not so much that it changed the type of cells they were. It allowed specific tissues and organs to preserve their structure and function. This resulted in functionally younger cells and increased lifespan in mice[1].
With OSKM the mice have to be engineered to react to doxycycline, an antibiotic, in order to express these factors. Is there an elegant solution that does not involve small molecules and all the side effects that come with them?
Since both the small molecules and their coupling to the age-related genes can be modified, we can choose particularly innocuous small molecules. For example, we have been developing alternatives to doxycycline, based on sucralose and dozens of other Generally Recognized As Safe (GRAS) molecules.
Note: This means the scientists can design custom molecules to induce OSKM without the side effects. This opens the door to reprogramming the cells in mammals and resetting cell age without the need to genetically engineer the mammal first. Ultimately this could lead to the restoration of more youthful cell and tissue function in humans once the technique passes through clinical trials in the future.
DNA damage is proposed to be a primary reason we age. Can it be repaired by targeting TFAM (Transcription factor A, mitochondrial precursor) to increase NAD (a coenzyme in all living cells that facilitates the production of energy) levels that are known to facilitate DNA repair?
We have targeted TFAM and consequently raised NAD successfully. The NAD-facilitated repair is not the only route – we can prevent DNA damage (via the management of radical oxygen species), prevent the impact of such damage (e.g. duplicating tumor suppressor genes), favor specific types of repair (gene conversion vs Non-homologous end joining – a pathway that repairs double-strand breaks in DNA), or induce apoptosis in cells which appear to acquire potentially oncogenic mutations.
Note: Transcription factor A, mitochondrial precursor (TFAM) is a mitochondrial precursor that regulates mitochondrial function and facilitates the creation of cellular energy via Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), a coenzyme found in all living cells that plays a role in DNA repair.
Cancer is caused by an unstable genome resulting from DNA damage and could be considered the poster child of aging diseases. Can we use CRISPR to defeat it?
Genome editing (TALENs, CRISPR, etc.) and transgenic methods (CART) are being ‘successfully' applied, but proof of generality and long remission is not here yet. Effective alternatives are preventative – vaccines against some of the 11 infectious, cancer-causing agents (e.g. HPV), inherited genome sequencing, genetic counseling, prophylactic surgery and avoiding environmental risk factors.
Some strategies which work to preventatively reduce cancer in mice might benefit from engineering germline or more efficient delivery of gene therapies (since single untreated cells matter more for cancer than other diseases).
A recent paper suggested CRISPR-cas 9 causes many unwanted mutations; do you believe we can solve such issues by using CRISPR-cpf1 or other variants that are better suited to mammalian cells?
Three groups, including ours, have pointed out serious issues with their conclusions here, here and here. Many groups have been studying unwanted mutations since the first paper on using algorithms to avoid off-target [2]. Unwanted mutations can be lower than the spontaneous mutation rate and probably less than 0.01% of these would be deleterious.
As we age, the thymus shrinks and loses the ability to produce T cells, leaving us vulnerable to infection and disease. What would your solution to this be?
We have been developing improved methods for making transplantable cells and organs (e.g. at Juno and Egenesis). These will be initially aimed at organ failures and cancers, but as part of that and in parallel include engineering the immune system to handle Immunological tolerance, inflammation, senescence and pathogens.
Note: Immunological tolerance is the failure to mount an immune response to an antigen and can be in two forms:
Natural or “self” tolerance. This is the failure to attack the body's own proteins and other antigens. If the immune system should respond to “self”, an autoimmune disease may result.
Induced tolerance. This is tolerance to external antigens. Examples of this include: Manipulating the immune system to reduce excessive immune responses from allergies, reducing the immune response to transplanted organs and preventing useful bacteria in the gut being attacked.
What do you think is currently the best biomarker of aging in humans?
It is important to use a full range of biomarkers – from molecular (DNA 5mC, SA-beta-gal, telomeres) to system functions (immune, muscle strength, damage recovery time and cognitive tests).
Note: Basically a broad panel of biomarkers is best as each of them has potential shortcomings, so using more quality markers helps to build a more consistent and reliable picture of what is going on. We talk about this topic in detail in an earlier article here.
Do you think we can learn useful knowledge that can be applied to humans from the whole-genome sequencing of long-lived species, such as the 400-year-old greenland shark?
The most promising sequencing insights will probably come from genomes closest to average humans, such as naked mole rat, bowhead whales and human supercentenarians.
Even more crucial is low-cost, high-accuracy testing of hypotheses flowing from those sequences, plus already hundreds of hypotheses from model organisms and cell biology (see the GenAge database).
In your opinion, can diseases like the senile form of Alzheimer's be managed through gene therapy? If not, what other techniques look most promising for neurodegenerative diseases?
Yes. Genetic counseling as a preventative strategy is likely more cost-effective, ethical and humane than current alternatives. In addition, several gene therapies are being developed and tested (e.g. NGF, NEU1, NGFR, miR-29b, BACE1-siRNAs, anti-amyloid antibodies, APP-sα). And additional ones might be discovered and tested using in vitro neural AD models, like those from the Yankner lab.
We would like to thank Professor Church for taking the time to speak with us today and wish him every success in the many endeavors he is involved in. His work is an inspiration to us here at LEAF, and when he says the aging processes are something we can eventually bring under medical control we cannot help but be excited about what the future holds.
Literature
[1] Ocampo, A., Reddy, P., Martinez-Redondo, P., Platero-Luengo, A., Hatanaka, F., Hishida, T., … & Araoka, T. (2016). In vivo amelioration of age-associated hallmarks by partial reprogramming. Cell, 167(7), 1719-1733.
[2] Mali, P., Yang, L., Esvelt, K. M., Aach, J., Guell, M., DiCarlo, J. E., … & Church, G. M. (2013). RNA-guided human genome engineering via Cas9. Science, 339(6121), 823-826.
It was something of an open secret within the surfing world, we knew this thing was on its way, but we didn't realise how good it would be. The details of exactly what was coming were buried deep in the mind of surfing's bald headed superman.
So now it's here, what next? There are a million questions buzzing round the surfing community right now, and at the top of that list: where?
It's pretty ambiguous. For starters, the cover shot of the video he just sent viral he is pictured surfing in shorts. However, in the video itself, he's suited, wearing gloves and boots with visible breath. After stating that these were the first waves ridden here, something doesn't quite add up. It does however suggest the location is somewhere exposed to the seasons and what he does let us into is that it's about 110 miles from the coast.
The detectives at Swellnet in fact did some stellar investigatory work and it seems as though the signs point heavily to Leemore, California (about 110 miles inland). Kelly's wave is part of a dual lake setup and has been there since about 2004, where for years it was used as a ski / wakeboarding facility.
The filled in lake to the right, persumably filled in to allow for building work of the wave's mechanism © 2019 - Google
You can find details of the property being sold in January 2014, and it's no coincidence that the sale took place in the middle of the battle to get the first wavepool open.
Google Maps the same address noted in the article citing the property's sale and you'll find the rectangular lake in question. Worth noting is the neighbour: Phoenix Sunrise Golf Course. No doubt a useful bartering tool for those selling and a welcome addition next to to Kelly's new estate.
If you missed the original video, or need another look, find it here.
The Dymaxion car, designed by the visionary US architect and all-round polymath R Buckminster Fuller, may be the rare prototype for which all of these things are true.
“It's full of unique and different technologies,” says Jeff Lane, director of the Lane Motor Museum in Nashville, Tennessee. “It was a failure commercially, but it tried lots of different things that have had big influence on car design.” It was a big enough influence on Lane that, 80 years later, he's in the final stages of recreating Fuller's first prototype.
When the first zeppelin-shaped vehicle debuted in 1933, it broke every automotive design convention save the use of round wheels. Nearly 20 feet (6.1 metres) long, it could transport 11 people and return 30mpg thanks to wind-tunnel-tested aerodynamics and lightweight aluminium-skin construction. Its engine was rear-mounted but powered the front wheels, and it was steered with a single back wheel, a less-than-intuitive arrangement that may have contributed to a fatal crash that occurred during its demonstration at the 1933 Chicago World's Fair.
In Fuller's lifetime, three Dymaxions were built. The first – the one that crashed – later burned. No 3 was sold for scrap sometime in the 1950s. The lone surviving original ( No 2) was abandoned to a farmer's barn before ending up at the National Automobile Museum in Reno, Nevada. A fourth car, based on the badly damaged second car, was completed in 2010 by British architect Norman Foster, a onetime acolyte of Fuller.
Lane's model is a recreation of the very first prototype, which had one door, no moving windows and a single headlight. Lane and his team of designers analysed photographs and news reports, bills of materials and 80 different drawings made for the manufacturing process. “We've got plans for 12 different swing arms, and some drawings have no numbers so we don't know which prototype they belong to,” says Lane. He has discovered details missing from the No 4 recreation, among them a work order for a belly plate, something he believes the streamline-obsessed Fuller wouldn't have omitted from the design.
“We've been at this for four years,” Lane says. The chassis was built in Pennsylvania, and running gear was further refined at the Lane Museum. Then the car was sent to the Czech Republic where the wooden frame and aluminium skin were fabricated by an expert in World War I-era aircraft restoration. The car is being finished in the Czech Republic by Eccora, a coachbuiding and restoration firm.
“Fuller was not a car designer, but more of a tinkerer and a marketer,” notes Lane. The first assertion is obvious from the continual evolution of plans for the Dymaxion. The second is clear from Fuller's claims that the car could reach 120mph (193kph) – though the 1933-4 Ford flathead V8 engine and its unmodified differential would have limited it to 75mph on the top end.
Lane drove the chassis around for testing (at nowhere near its projected top speed) during an early phase of the reconstruction. Trying to merge onto a roadway posed a particular problem. “You've got to start steering before you start moving, and that tail tends to move into the other lane,” he said, adding that it was a bit like driving a 20ft-long forklift.
Lane hopes to be driving the finished Dymaxion in Tennessee in late 2014.
AMMAN: Two Daraa-based FSA affiliates accused a rival hardline Islamist faction over the weekend of a spate of recent “kidnappings, assassinations and intimidation,” provoking an angry response from the latter and laying bare mutual tensions that a rebel spokesman says threaten efforts to drive back ongoing regime offensives.
Jaish al-Yarmouk and tribal fighting force Jaish Ahrar al-Ashair, both FSA affiliates, released separate announcements on Sunday accusing Salafi faction Harakat a-Muthanna al-Islamiya of several abductions, including one three weeks ago of the president of the Daraa Provincial Council.
“Surveillance and fact-finding” by both FSA groups following several kidnappings led to their discovery of “a number of secret prisons belonging to [Harakat] leadership holding kidnapped Daraa residents,” an announcement by Jaish al-Yarmouk read on Sunday.
The same statement accused Harakat of being behind “kidnappings, assassinations and intimidation (tashbih).”
Doctor Yaqoub al-Ammar, the head of the Daraa Provincial Council, was reportedly found in the house of a Harakat commander and freed in an operation last Thursday.
Three weeks ago, several masked gunmen forced al-Ammar into a car days after his reelection as head of the Provincial Council, the pro-opposition Shahid Media Foundation reported at the time. No group claimed responsibility for his abduction.
Appearing in a video after his release, the council president thanked Jaish al-Yarmouk for rescuing him and called on “honorable members of Harakat al-Muthanna to present their leaders to the Court of Justice (Dar al-Adl)” in Daraa province which adjudicates civil and military disputes between civilians and rebel brigades.
A Jaish Ahrar al-Ashair commander, Ahmad al-Abdullah, was also among the unknown number of those reportedly freed from Harakat al-Muthanna, his faction announced Sunday.
Harakat al-Muthanna denies responsibility for the kidnappings and other crimes, characterizing the recent accusations as “a vicious media campaign aimed at tarnishing our reputation” in an announcement posted to Facebook on Sunday.
A separate announcement posted online the same day claimed the faction “does not have any interest in kidnapping those individuals” and promised a “harsh response” for “those factions that are trying to ruin our reputation.”
Daraa Provincial Council president Doctor Yaqoub al-Ammar (right), appeared in a video Sunday three weeks after his abduction. Photo courtesy of Jaish al-Yarmouk.
Statements by rival groups about the kidnappings did not posit possible motivations on the part of Harakat, but insist that the evidence tells the story.
“This is not just an accusation,” Abu Kinan, the commander of Jaish al-Yarmouk told Syria Direct on Monday. “We pulled the opposition governor of Daraa province out of Harakat cells. It is a fully-fledged crime.”
The commander denied inciting any kind of conflict with Harakat's fighters. “The announcements were released to clarify what is going on,” Abu Kinan says. “The matter will run its legal course in the Court of Justice in Daraa province.”
It is not immediately clear how the court could independently resolve the matter, however. When Daraa's Dar al-Adl was formed as an independent judicial authority just over a year ago, both Jabhat a-Nusra and ideologically similar Harakat a-Muthanna al-Islamiya initially merged their sharia courts with it.
However, both withdrew this past April following a dispute with the FSA-led Southern Front. Both Jaish al-Yarmouk and Jaish Ahrar al-Ashair are members of the Southern Front rebel alliance.
Daraa province has long suffered from a lack of security as a result of diverse ruling rebel brigades, leading to a spate of assassinations, kidnappings and general lawlessness despite efforts by civilian authorities, such as banning tinted windows on cars and requiring vehicle registrations, to rein these practices in.
This past December, a leading Dar al-Adl jurist and his four companions were shot and killed by unidentified assailants in broad daylight on a stretch of road between Jabhat a-Nusra and Harakat a-Muthanna al-Islamiya security checkpoints, Syria Direct reported.
The battle for Sheikh Miskeen
Recent intra-rebel tensions come as an array of rebel factions in Daraa province struggle to hold back an offensive by regime forces and their allies that began late last year for control of Sheikh Miskeen, a key rebel-held town on the Daraa-Damascus highway.
Taking Sheikh Miskeen, 70km south of Damascus, would allow regime forces to secure the supply route and use the town as a launching point for regional operations.
Given this backdrop, Harakat al-Muthanna al-Islamiya on Sunday called on the accusing factions to instead focus on “repelling the regime campaign in Sheikh Miskeen and Daraa city.”
One Daraa activist who spoke with Syria Direct on Monday voiced fears about the potential impact of rebel infighting on the battles.
“There are accusations against Harakat al-Muthanna of extremism and [pro-Islamic State] tendencies,” the activist said, requesting anonymity, “but they have a strong fighting presence.”
“The fear is that [recent accusations] will affect the ongoing Sheikh Miskeen battles,” he said.
The two FSA brigades that accused Harakat of responsibility for recent kidnappings disagree about the extent to which confronting the faction may impact combat operations.
“A number of military factions are participating in the battles, not just Harakat al-Muthanna,” Muhammad Adnan, a Jaish Ahrar al-Ashair spokesman told Syria Direct on Monday. “The problem will not impact the Sheikh Miskeen battle.”
Other rebel groups fighting in Sheikh Miskeen currently include FSA factions with the Southern Front alliance, Ahrar a-Sham, Jaish al-Islam and Jabhat a-Nusra.
But recent tensions have already impacted the course of the fighting, according to a Monday statement from the Jaish al-Yarmouk media office to Syria Direct: “After our announcement about the release of al-Ammar from al-Muthanna, [the faction] halted a Jaish al-Yarmouk convoy that had been going to Sheikh Miskeen.”
Reinforcements were unable to reach Sheikh Miskeen, Jaish al-Yarmouk said in a statement on Sunday, calling on “all the factions in Daraa” to “mobilize to prevent bloodshed and open and secure supply routes for our forces.”
Several Daraa activists who spoke with Syria Direct on Monday found claims of Harakat al-Muthanna responsibility credible.
“The testimonies of those abducted and the place of the kidnappings” incriminate Harakat, Daraa activist Abu Abdullah al-Hariri said.
Harakat “behaviors are like those of IS,” Muhammad Adnan, Jaish Ahrar al-Ashair spokesman told Syria Direct on Monday. “It is responsible for kidnapping operations and extortion in southern Syria.” “It appears that there are IS sleeper cells” in the group, Abu Abdulla al-Hariri, a Daraa-based activist told Syria Direct.
The recent Lok Sabha polls had shown that an election could be won “without Muslim support” and it was time the minority community learnt to respect Hindu sentiments, VHP chief patron and senior RSS leader Ashok Singhal has said.
Narendra Modi — an “ideal swayamsevak” — would deliver on the Hindutva agenda unlike the first NDA government, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad supremo and one of the longest serving senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leaders told HT in an exclusive interview.
The right-wing Hindu leader, who had a front-row seat at Modi's swearing-in, said “tables had turned”. The polls were a “setback to Muslim politics” used by “foreign and divisive forces to destroy our identity,” he said. It was time for them to learn their lessons.
“Muslims will be treated as common citizens -- nothing more, nothing less. And, they must learn to respect Hindu sentiments. If they keep opposing Hindus, how long can they survive?” said the 88-year-old who has been a lifelong pracharak of the RSS, the ideological parent of the BJP.
Asked to elaborate, Singhal said Muslims should give up claims over Ayodhya, Kashi and Mathura and also accept a uniform civil code.
The VHP is understood to have asked interlocutors to convey this message to Muslim organisations.
“We'll then give them love, and not claim any other mosque sites even though there are thousands built on the ruins of temples. But if they don't accept it, they should be prepared for further Hindu consolidation. It has happened at the Centre, it will happen in other states,” said Singhal, who set up the VHP and spearheaded the stir for the Ram Temple.
The temple issue, civil code and abrogation of Article 370, which grants special status to Jammu and Kashmir, had strained the VHP's ties with the Vajpayee government. The Hindu outfit felt that the NDA did not come good on “core issues”.
But no such apprehensions this time, Singhal said in the clearest indication, so far, of the RSS' assessment of what the Modi government can deliver.
“The government will not and does not need to backtrack because it has the numbers in the House, and whatever we want to do, we want to do it through constitutional means,” the VHP leader said.
The Ram Temple and Godhra had made the BJP win possible. “These were the undercurrents and then issues of development and governance appealed to the young.”
For the RSS veteran, elections and religion are never too far. “Religion is the rock on which this country rests.”
In Modi, he sees an “ideal swayamsevak. “During the campaign, he conducted himself like a swayamsevak. He also showed to the world the discipline and hard work that a Sangh pracharak puts in.” The PM started his political journey as an RSS pracharak.
Singhal admitted that there was “an unprecedented mobilisation” by the Sangh Parivar, an umbrella term for various Hindu outfits, during the elections.
Did Sangh expect rewards? “The governors being appointed -- be it Ram Naik or Kesari Nath Tripathi -- are all from the Sangh but this is not necessary. We worked because it was our duty,” he said. “The important thing is the agenda must be fulfilled.”
Despite the Sangh's tough anti-Pakistan stance, he sees Modi's invitation to PM Nawaz Sharif as diplomacy. “You also have to resort to deceit at times, and there are segments in Pakistan who want good ties. The problem lies with the jihadi elements, and till they are there, relations can't be good.”
There were some more suggestions on foreign policy. India should take the lead in building a “cultural commonwealth” of South and Southeast Asia, with Hindu and Buddhist population. “China cannot lead such a grouping, it has no cultural backbone and, like the USSR, China will collapse one day.”
First Published: Jul 17, 2014 00:37 IST
However, while it may have given us an evolutionary boost at one point, to conclude from this history that we should pursue the meat-heavy diet advocated by Paleo adherents is foolhardy, Zaraska argues. “Rather than dumping peanut butter and potatoes down the drain, we should take another lesson from our Paleo (and earlier) ancestors: instead of looking for a perfect and ‘natural' diet from the past, start looking for one that would be best for right here and right now,” she writes. The meat we eat is different meat, fattier thanks to domestication. The world we inhabit is a different world, the lives we lead are different lives. Can't we get over the flesh-eating already?
Not easily, writes Zaraska. Like any addiction, this one has more than one hook in the human psyche. To describe the meat industry as “big” is the height of understatement: In 2011, U.S. meat sales were worth $186 billion. As Zaraska points out, that's more than the GDP of Hungary. Big businesses produce strong lobbying groups, which keep billions in subsidies flowing and tamp down efforts to change, for example, the U.S. Dietary Guidelines. And then we get to the advertising. During the five years following the rollout of the pork industry's ubiquitous “The Other White Meat” campaign in 1987, pork sales rose 20 percent. In 2011, McDonald's, a leading global beef buyer, spent $1.37 billion on advertising. Whatever else you might be doing, you're probably also lovin' it.
But meat consumption cannot be chalked up entirely to corporate sloganeering; it's not as though Big Capon was foisting their product on the seventeenth century ruling classes. For one, meat tastes good. The Maillard reaction, in which amino acids and sugars recombine to give meat that delightful seared brown color, as well as the joys of fat and umami, are no joke, and there are many reasons why we and our distant ancestors have found delight in roasted meat. (Zaraska explains the finer points of this deliciousness in some detail, delving into the world of umami—the “meaty” or “full” flavor sensation that can come from foods such as meat, mushrooms, or some cheese—which chefs harness into combinations sometimes called “u-bombs.”) But it's her examination of the role of culture and tradition that resonates most deeply; from the tastes we absorb as fetuses to subtle clues from our parents, we are attuned to society's preferences, and for centuries, lots of meat has meant wealth and power.
This, when combined with the incredible power of habit, can create an attitude toward meat that almost defies interrogation; as Zaraska's own mother tells her, “I like meat, I eat meat.” Or to use a recent example, consider the World Health Organization's announcement that processed meats can cause cancer. I heard countless people arguing that the report was overblown, that no one really eats that much bacon, that statistically, the chances are slim. Imagine if the WHO declared that eating broccoli could statistically increase your chance of developing cancer at all. Would you think, “What's life without a little risk?” I imagine many, many Americans would instead be grateful that our long national cruciferous nightmare had ended.
For this reason, there's little chance we'll be living in a meatless world anytime soon. Many people can't even reach the low bar of not throwing meat away. Most people want to fight climate change, live longer, stand against animal cruelty, and decrease antibiotics and other pollutants in the food system. But few actually take this simple concrete step that would help them accomplish all those things; according to Zaraska, just 3 to 5 percent of Americans are vegetarian. In the Western world, vegetarians are so few as to be what one expert describes as “a blip on the demographic radar.”
I am not one of their ranks; although I don't eat meat often, I don't eat it never, despite many efforts to stop. I tried to take comfort in Zaraska's pragmatic argument that strict vegetarianism isn't always necessary. As she writes, “Which saves more lives—one person stopping eating meat altogether or millions cutting out just one meat-based meal a month?” However, that is just one in a long line of justifications I've used over the years to allow myself one more Thanksgiving turkey, one final barbeque. People have, after all, been honing strategies for avoiding dealing plainly with the facts of our carnivorous behavior for centuries.
“At the end of the day, despite the many complex reasons rooted in evolution, history, and culture, the most basic reason would be: because we can,” Zaraska admits. We are still opportunists, and the opportunities for consuming flesh have multiplied. The statement carries with it a certain existential fatalism: We are what we are, and what we are is animals who would eat ourselves to death. However, the book does not end on quite such a pessimistic note. While, for the litany of reasons just discussed, humanity is not headed toward a meat-free future anytime soon, the realities of climate change and a growing global population will eventually make the choice for us. The earth simply does not have the resources to support current rates of meat eating in the future. We will have to accept lab-grown meat, or plant-based meat substitutes, or just embrace the subtle pleasures of a bowl of beans and rice.
In order to get there before the end of days, we must take the hardest step of all: admitting we have a problem and changing our thinking about the issue. Whatever biological imperative pushed our ancestors to eat meat, we can walk away from it. We can break our habits and change our values; we are free to use those big brains meat may have granted us to make decisions our ancestors might not understand but our progeny will certainly appreciate.
Zaraska hopes that by embracing meat substitutes as desirable, not just necessary, we can begin to break the stranglehold meat has on humanity, although she admits this will be a long and rocky adjustment. I'm not entirely hopeless, however: Just a few blocks from where I live, a burger joint opened last summer. When I walk by in the evenings, there is almost always a line trailing down the block. It was reviewed by the New York Times and no less an authority on men's contemporary culture than GQ named it the best burger of the year. And the restaurant is entirely vegetarian. The burgers are crafted of nuts and quinoa and other plant-based foods, and yet they are surrounded by a halo of hype. People love tradition and habit, but there's something else they love as well: the opportunity to try something new.
Soccer News of Saturday, 18 June 2016
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
Ex-Ghana coach Claude Leroy facing two-year jail sentence in France
Ex-Ghana coach Claude Leroy is facing a two-year prison sentence and 18 months suspended in France for his role in the alleged fraudulent transfers of players, GHANAsoccernet.com can exclusively reveal.
Prosecutors on Friday demanded the heavy jail sentence for the current coach of the Togo national team for the role he played in the case when he was the General Manager of French club Strasbourg.
The case dates back to the late 1990s and early 2000s, and it is highlighted by the club owner involved in the transfer activities of players' agents.
French law requires the two to be separated but Leroy has been accused of overseeing a system that allowed the club owners to be involved in the transfer of players out of the club.
Prosecutors are demanding that the Strasbourg Criminal Court jails the highly experienced French coach for allowing that to happen but the former Black Stars coach insists he was ignorant.
False invoices were issued to allow the British arm of IMG, the company which was then the owner of the club, and various intermediaries, to earn commissions on contracts for transfer of players at the expense of club.
Among the transfers in question is that of the attacker Peggy Luyindula who moved to Olympique Lyon in 2001 for 58 million francs, plus a bonus of 11 million.
The lawyers of Leroy argued before the courts that the coach's lack of knowledge of the legal framework of transfers caused the illegal transfers to happen.
But Leroy's statement of defence has clearly not convinced the prosecution which is still pressing for the jail term for the coach.
"We're in a little world of ultra-privileged stirring hundreds of thousands of francs. If this is a grey area then we forget that there are regulations governing transfers, " the prosecutor, Sébastien Hauger, lamented in his submissions.
Also prosecuted in the case is, Patrick Proisy, former president of RC Strasbourg, who risks three years imprisonment and thirty months suspended.
No penalty of a fine was required against Claude Le Roy, who was placed in custody in this case in 2006, and Patrick Proisy, who prosecutors admitted that they had not personally enriched themselves.
The two agents pursued in this case, Gilbert Sau and Nicolas Geiger are rather being pursued to pay fines as they directly benefited from the case.
The ruling is expected to be delivered on 13 September.
If Claude Le Roy is jailed it could severely affect the Togolese national team who are chasing a place at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Leroy, who started coaching in Africa since 1985 with Cameroon has gone on to coach half a dozen African national teams.
Army source says 'we are entering a long operation' as country responds to sustained rocket attacks and teenagers' murder
Israel has launched what it described as an open-ended and escalating offensive against the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, as air strikes and naval gunfire hit 50 sites overnight.
As part of a new offensive dubbed "Operation Protective Edge", Israeli troops have been mobilised along the Gaza border and a limited number of reserves called up for a possible ground invasion.
The strikes came after Israeli army sources said troops were being put on notice of "preparation for escalation". The Guardian saw columns of tank and armoured personnel carriers moving along the main highway between Jersualem and Erez, on the Gaza border.
Rocket attacks from Gaza – initially from Islamic factions other than Hamas – have been increasing in recent weeks against the backdrop of a major Israeli operation against Hamas on the West Bank following the kidnapping and murder of three teenagers whose bodies were found last week.
Air strikes by Israel, both following the discovery of the bodies and in response to rocket fire, have escalated in recent days despite assessments by analysts in Gaza and Israel that neither Hamas nor Israel wants a prolonged or bloody conflict.
Despite the continuing rocket fire, Israel's prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, had shown a marked reluctance to be drawn into a military operation, offering Hamas "quiet for quiet" despite increasing political pressure from hardliners in his cabinet.
The Israeli foreign minister, Avigdor Lieberman, on Monday formally announced his party was ending its partnership with Netanyahu's Likud party over the Gaza issue.
But despite this alleged government reluctance, the army has reportedly been ordered to prepare a significant expansion of its operation.
Palestinians salvage their belongings from the rubble of a house destroyed by an overnight Israeli air strike in Gaza City. Photograph: Khalil Hamra/AP
"We are entering into a long operation," a senior IDF source said. "We are only at the start. Patience is required. We are preparing further steps and a gradual expansion of our order of battle."
Nearly 300 rockets and mortars have been fired at Israel in recent weeks, including 80 projectiles on Monday alone, the Israeli army said. Israel has responded with dozens of air strikes in which eight Palestinian militants were killed on Monday, seven of them in a tunnel in an incident Israel claims occurred when Hamas members accidentally detonated their own explosives.
In a comment piece in Yediot Ahronot, Israeli journalist Alex Fishman suggested: "As far as it is concerned, Hamas' going ballistic over Israel will position it anew as a relevant player in the region and relieve it from its political and economic troubles. The leaders of Hamas are no longer discussing a ceasefire. They are trying to ride the wave of violence by Israeli Arabs and Palestinians in the West Bank with the purpose of garnering the support of the entire Palestinian public. And the solution for hitting Hamas without paying a price has not yet been invented, whether in the Israeli home front or in the international arena."
Israeli army spokesman Lt Col Peter Lerner said: "They [Hamas] chose the direction of escalation. So the mission will go on as long as we feel it is necessary to carry it out. We don't expect it to be a short mission on our behalf."
Some analysts have suggested Hamas has been actively seeking to draw Israel into a ground conflict in Gaza.
As Operation Protective Edge launched, sirens sounded over large areas of Israel's south and air raid shelters were opened.
Among 50 sites the army said it targeted early on Tuesday were four houses belonging to militants, three militant compounds, 18 concealed rocket launchers, and other militant infrastructure sites. Most were targeted in air strikes, and three were attacked from the sea.
Gaza health official Ashraf Al-Kedra said at least nine Palestinian civilians were brought to a Gaza hospital with light to moderate injuries, including several sufferings from shock. He said some of the injured Palestinians were treated and released.
Lerner said the army would gradually increase its attacks on Hamas in Gaza, and is recruiting additional reservists for a potential ground invasion.
Hamas has amassed about 10,000 rockets, including longer range missiles that can reach "up to Tel Aviv and beyond", Lerner said, adding that Israel was preparing for the possibility that Hamas would launch rockets towards the city's commercial and cultural hub.
• This article was amended on 10 July 2014. An earlier version said that Avigdor Lieberman had announced his party was leaving the Netanyahu coalition. He announced an end to the partnership between his party and Likud, but not that it was leaving the coalition.
No sedative necessary: Scientists discover new “sleep node” in the brain
Using designer genes, researchers at UB and Harvard were able to 'turn on' specific neurons in the brainstem that result in deep sleep.
Findings may lead to new therapies for sleep disorders, including insomnia
“We can now answer fundamental questions of brain function...including the ‘why' of sleep, one of the more enduring mysteries in the neurosciences.”
BUFFALO, N.Y. – A sleep-promoting circuit located deep in the primitive brainstem has revealed how we fall into deep sleep. Discovered by researchers at Harvard School of Medicine and the University at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, this is only the second “sleep node” identified in the mammalian brain whose activity appears to be both necessary and sufficient to produce deep sleep.
Published online in August in Nature Neuroscience, the study demonstrates that fully half of all of the brain's sleep-promoting activity originates from the parafacial zone (PZ) in the brainstem. The brainstem is a primordial part of the brain that regulates basic functions necessary for survival, such as breathing, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature.
“The close association of a sleep center with other regions that are critical for life highlights the evolutionary importance of sleep in the brain,” says Caroline E. Bass, assistant professor of Pharmacology and Toxicology in the UB School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences and a co-author on the paper.
The researchers found that a specific type of neuron in the PZ that makes the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) is responsible for deep sleep. They used a set of innovative tools to precisely control these neurons remotely, in essence giving them the ability to turn the neurons on and off at will.
“These new molecular approaches allow unprecedented control over brain function at the cellular level,” says Christelle Ancelet, postdoctoral fellow at Harvard School of Medicine. “Before these tools were developed, we often used ‘electrical stimulation' to activate a region, but the problem is that doing so stimulates everything the electrode touches and even surrounding areas it didn't. It was a sledgehammer approach, when what we needed was a scalpel.”
“To get the precision required for these experiments, we introduced a virus into the PZ that expressed a ‘designer' receptor on GABA neurons only but didn't otherwise alter brain function,” explains Patrick Fuller, assistant professor at Harvard and senior author on the paper. “When we turned on the GABA neurons in the PZ, the animals quickly fell into a deep sleep without the use of sedatives or sleep aids.”
How these neurons interact in the brain with other sleep and wake-promoting brain regions still need to be studied, the researchers say, but eventually these findings may translate into new medications for treating sleep disorders, including insomnia, and the development of better and safer anesthetics.
“We are at a truly transformative point in neuroscience,” says Bass, “where the use of designer genes gives us unprecedented ability to control the brain. We can now answer fundamental questions of brain function, which have traditionally been beyond our reach, including the ‘why' of sleep, one of the more enduring mysteries in the neurosciences.”
The work was funded by the National Institutes of Health.
10th Anniversary of City of Heroes. Can you imagine what that would have been like? We know it would have included new zones, new enemies, and new friends. Paragon Studios would have taken us to new heights, quite literally. A new badge would be ready for us. And no matter what horrible things the developers threw at us it would have been a party atmosphere. It should be a time of celebration. Sadly that cannot be so. Instead take today to reflect. Remember everything we had and consider 10 things you miss, I already did mine.
10. PUGs
Since the closure of City of Heroes I've played many different MMOs, all in some attempt to find somewhere to call home. Though I'm still looking for that place there is one thing I never thought I'd miss that I do, PUGs. Yes, I am talking about Pick Up Groups. Some of my favorite memories of CoH involve PUGs. A sewer run full of lowbies going from AtlasPark to SteelCanyon and continuing the adventure in Kings Row. Today PUGs are a bad word. Only for dungeons are people forced to play with strangers. Even then it seems the mentality has changed. They aren't there to chat. There is never the good fortune of landing on a roleplaying team. Just do the job and leave. It makes it hard to make friends.
9. The Travel Powers
If there was one type of powers I miss more than the others it would have to be the travel powers. Though I often had characters who didn't use one at all they would be the first thing I would play with if I could log in today. I loved flying. I know many people hated it but I loved group flight too. It was such a handy little thing. My favorite travel power though was super jump. I used it on my main character, a katana scrapper named Quincy Keal. Sometimes, if I was bored I would jump from building top to building top. Playing a game of “The Ground is Lava” with myself. There hasn't been another game that has travel that can compare. Though there are other games that let you fly, others that let you teleport, and some that let you jump none of them really give you the same feeling as you got when you used them in City of Heroes.
8. Community Coffee Talk with Zwillinger
Every week there was one thing I looked forward to more than the rest. Community Coffee Talk with the Community Manager Andy “Zwillinger” Belford. They brought on devs to talk about what they were working on, Zwill always entertained with a new hat or something different to drink. But perhaps most importantly of all he made us feel like we were part of the process. Other MMOs are now trying to copy this idea with weekly streams but in all of them it feels as though the developers put themselves higher than the players. Andy never did that. It was a conversation with a friend. Not a king talking down to his peasants. Though if Andy had wanted a crown we would have happily sent him in hundreds. <3
7. The Chat System
A good chat system is important for any MMO. Yet sadly no MMO since City of Heroes seems to get it right. So many come close but don't quite hit the mark. What is it I look for in a good chat system? A clean UI, Global chat system, player made chat channels, channels for everything from trade to grouping and one small but very important thing, a button to easily report gold (inf) spammer. Modern games have some of these. But more often than not the ability to have player made channels is left out. A sad oversight in my eyes as this was perhaps one of the best things about City of Heroes, or perhaps I should say City of Chat.
6. Paragon City
Yes, I miss the city itself. With friendly civilians who wave as you pass or comment on your new look it was a city where you wanted to stop and talk to the NPCs. They always had something to say. People would wait happily for a bus that would never come. It was a beautiful city and perhaps most importantly it felt like a city. So-called cities in other games feel more like a small slice of a city. They ignore anything that isn't important and are tiny for what they should be. The art of city making seems to be lost.
5. Paragon Studios Developers
Though Zwill and his coffee have already made the list the other developers are also deserving of a place on this list. Together Paragon Studios was the finest MMO studio there has ever been. They listened to the community. They made the community part of the development process. And you could even find them in game, Roleplaying in Pocket D or running missions with friends. The City of Heroes developers loved City of Heroes as much, perhaps even more than the fans that they made the game for. They were the base for the best MMO community that ever was.
4. Holiday Events
Every MMO has them, Holiday events. But none of them have the same impact as the ones in City of Heroes did. Every Valentines Day, Halloween, and Christmas it wasn't those holidays I looked forward to but the events that were going on in City of Heroes for them. At Christmas it was the ski chalet in Pocket D with the yodelling and the present opening in AtlasPark. Halloween it was trick or treating in Peregrine Island with friends and puggers and doing the loop around Talos looking for Eochai and Jack in Irons. Valentines Day was perhaps best done the year the valentines were released. You got to play delivery boy/girl and give two NPCs a good day. Perhaps it is just that I'm not as invested in other games as I was City of Heroes, but to me the games I've played can't compare. The events are ok the first time around. But they aren't something to look forward to every year.
3. Character Variety
In City of Heroes you could be anything and perhaps best of all you really did see just about anything. There were crime fighting penguins and blue skinned alien babes. A librarian by day, a masked hero by night. Be a vigilante, be a robot, be a fairy. Anything was possible. Though there are other hero MMOs out there I never saw sentient coffee or sentient spam. The MMO community lost a bit of the humor, a bit of their creativity when City of Heroes died. And now we're trapped within the boundaries that other games make for us.
2. The Community That Made AP33
Once upon a time there was the perfect community. They helped new players, gave away money in costume contests just because, and they held a rally that shook the MMO industry and people still talk about today. That community is gone. Instead of staying unified the City of Heroes community is a fractured mess. Mention another NCSoft game and suddenly you're a spy for them. Hate fuelled rants have even been directed at me. I dared to post an image from Guild Wars 2 of something I had done that reminded me of City of Heroes. I was a traitor, I was part of the problem. All I did was post a screenshot. Even now, as we should be coming together to celebrate the 10th anniversary we're pushing further apart. Drama fuels the community. And moving on is the enemy. But I know if Paragon Studios had one wish this birthday it would be for the community to be whole again. I want the old community back.
1. Moonbase!!
Perhaps what breaks my heart most this weekend is the knowledge of what this anniversary would have meant. We would have finally had our moonbase. After years of asking for it today we could be on the moon. But the moonbase is really just a symbol. It represents all those things, all those ideas that never came to be. Powersets we never got to play, and enemies we never even got to see.
Our city may be gone but we still have our memories. That is why I wrote the 10 Things to Miss on the 10th Anniversary of City of Heroes. Though there are so many more things these are the ones I miss the most. The ones that though other MMOs try they simply can't do. I was a hero, I was a villain. I was Meticulous Meta, I was @Maressa on Virtue. And I was a leader of the #SaveCoH movement. I will never forget the first city I called home.
Happy 10th Birthday City of Heroes.
/em holdtorch
Related: Anniversary
Impact of Cutting Unemployment Benefits: North Carolina Dreaming (see Addendum)
Last year North Carolina's conservative Republican legislature got tough. It sharply reduced the duration of unemployment benefits and made them much more difficult to collect. The changes took effect at the start of July, 2013. Their story was that unemployment insurance and other benefits discourage workers from seriously looking for jobs. If we take away this crutch of unemployment benefits, then workers will figure out how to find jobs. This both saves the government money and is better for the workers themselves since they will actually be making a living on their own.
We now have data for 10 months into the experiment (through May) and John Hood, the chairman and president of the John Locke Foundation, a North Carolina think tank, has a piece in the Wall Street Journal telling us that it is a resounding success. Hood tells readers:
"According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the number of payroll jobs in North Carolina rose by 1.5% in the second half of 2013, compared with a 0.8% rise for the nation as a whole. Total unemployment in the state dropped by 17%, compared with the national average drop of 12%. The state's official unemployment rate fell to 6.9% in December 2013 from 8.3% in June, while the nationwide rate fell by eight-tenths of a point to 6.7%."
Okay, let's take these in turn. North Carolina did have more rapid job growth than the rest of the nation in the period since it cut benefits, but it also has had more rapid job growth than the rest of the nation for the last four decades, before many of the benefit cutters were even born. This because it is in the South, which has been growing more rapidly than the Northeast and Midwest for quite some time. (My explanation is air-conditioning, but you're welcome to throw in other items.)
If we look at North Carolina's labor market over the last year (May 2013 to May 2014) we find that the number of jobs, as measured by the Labor Department's establishment survey, grew at 1.92 percent rate. This beats the 1.86 percent rate for the rest of the South Atlantic region, but the difference certainly is not enough to employ all the people who were cut off from the unemployment rolls. (The South Atlantic region is a grouping of states from Florida to Maryland. It has been used by government agencies for many decades.) If the argument is that the ending of benefits put the fear of God in the unemployed and made them finally get serious about working, these numbers don't do much to support the case.
The situation gets even worse if we pull out the Charlotte-Gastonia-Rock Hill area. The reason for pulling out this relatively fast growing region is that it straddles the border with South Carolina. Many of the workers who have gotten jobs with companies in North Carolina actually live in South Carolina. If unemployed workers' past employment experience had been in South Carolina, they will not have any additional motivation to find work as a result of North Carolina cutting benefits.
We can't know how many of the new workers the Charlotte metropolitan area are from South Carolina, but it is striking that if we pull out this area, North Carolina's job growth slightly lags the rest of the South Atlantic region. Excluding the Charlotte area, job growth in the state was 1.76 percent over the last year, roughly a tenth of a percentage point less than the average for the rest of the region. This means that outside of the Charlotte area, it doesn't seem that the cut in benefits did anything to increase incentives to work. As a practical matter, the differences in both directions are small, but the point is that there is no evidence that cutting benefits did anything to increase employment growth in North Carolina compared with comparable states.
As far as the great news on unemployment that Hood cites, this is entirely a story of North Carolina workers giving up looking for work and leaving the labor market. (in order to collect unemployment benefits, workers must be looking for work.) While the size of the labor force in the rest of the region grew by 1.0 percent over the last year, the labor market shrank by 0.2 percent in North Carolina. Employment growth in North Carolina, as measured by the Labor Department's survey of households, was 1.9 percent over the last year. That compares to 2.2 percent growth for the rest of the region. Again, no evidence that the ending of benefits got people to be serious about looking for work. The evidence is that they gave up looking for work and dropped out of the labor force.
Not content to rest his case that cutting unemployment benefits increases employment on the North Carolina alone, Hood moves on the national picture:
"Still not convinced that leaving the extended-benefits program encouraged both job creation and job acceptance? As of Jan. 1, 2014, the extended-benefits program expired nationwide. Yet there has been no sudden exodus of discouraged workers to the fringes of the national economy. Both job creation and household employment are up. The nation's employment-population ratio was 58.9% in May, up from 58.6% in December. The labor-market effects of reforming unemployment insurance may not be massive. But they certainly don't appear to be negative."
Actually what is most striking in the data for 2014 is the sharp drop in labor force participation. The labor force participation rate is down by an average of 0.5 percentage points from the first six months of last year to the first six months of this year. This corresponds to roughly 1.3 million people leaving the labor force. Usually labor force participation rises during an upturn, so this is certainly consistent with a story of many unemployed workers giving up looking for work when their benefits expire.
In short, if we look at the data instead of playing games with it, the story is pretty clear. There is zero evidence that cutting unemployment benefits in North Carolina or the rest of the country did anything to spur job growth. There is much evidence that it led those who saw their benefits to end to give up looking for work and to drop out of the labor force.
Addendum:
I see John Hood has replied to my post. Apparently he thinks that if we play games with the start and end dates we can say cutting benefits worked.
Okay, I don't know what games they play in North Carolina, but let's just remember what is at issue. The argument for cutting benefits was that if the state pushed people off unemployment insurance (UI) they would be motivated to get a job. We know that North Carolina pushed lots of people off UI. The question is whether there is any evidence this led more people to get jobs.
That gives us two numbers to focus on, how many people were thrown off UI, and how many extra jobs North Carolina has compared to other states. As noted above, the story on the latter is pretty clear. There is no evidence of better job growth in North Carolina than in comparable states over the last year. Let's look more closely on the numbers of people thrown off the UI rolls in North Carolina.
We can get the numbers of people thrown off UI directly from the North Carolina Department of Commerce. They tell us that in May of 2014, 42,382 workers were receiving UI benefits. In May of 2013 the number was 90,858, a decline of 53.4 percent. By comparison, the number of people receiving benefits in the country as a whole fell by 10.4 percent over the same period.
This means that North Carolina removed roughly 32,000 more people off UI than if it had just followed the same pattern as the rest of the country. This is equal to roughly 0.8 percent of the jobs in the state as of May 2013, which is how much more rapid job growth we would have to see in North Carolina than in comparable states if we are to believe that the additional workers thrown off UI got jobs. As noted in my initial post, there is no evidence of more rapid job growth in North Carolina than in comparable states over this period, which means we conclude that the vast majority of the people who lost UI benefits did not find jobs.
Hood is apparently unhappy that I took May to May comparisons. I confess, I took these months because it is the easiest data to grab because every publication gives the prior year's numbers. Therefore the May 2013 numbers are right next to the May 2014 numbers.
But the year over year numbers also have the nice advantage that we don't have to worry about the seasonal adjustments. We know that more people are working in summer months than the winter months and fewer are unemployed. Most of our data are adjusted for this seasonal effect, but the adjustments are far from perfect, especially at the state level. If we use the same month, then it is much less of a problem.
Hood argues the start point of May is unfair because the state didn't put its tighter rules in place until July.[1] This shows a poor understanding of the policy he supports. Unemployed workers read newspapers and listen to news. Most people receiving benefits undoubtedly knew that they would face tougher rules starting in July. If taking away benefits was going to motivate people to get jobs, then the new rules already should have been having this effect by May and certainly June of 2013.
Hood also wants us to end the comparison in December of 2013. That makes no sense since the differential impact of the UI policy in North Carolina and the rest of the country continues to the present. In other words, the state has far fewer people collecting UI benefits than if it had followed the same policy as the rest of the country.
In short, the story is very simple. North Carolina's UI policy led to a sharp reduction in the number of people collecting unemployment insurance relative to the rest of the country. There is no evidence that it has had more rapid job growth as a result of this policy. We can therefore conclude that most of the people who lost benefits did not get jobs.
Houston has some really kickass cemeteries, everything from lovingly maintained pastoral settings of dignity to overgrown, forgotten, and probably haunted as hell boneyards with nothing but rusting signs to identify them. Trust me, a cemetery tour in Houston is a lot of fun.
While we're not overly burdened with celebrities, we do lay claim to some extremely awesome people who chose to make their final rest here in the city. Today we salute the ten most amazing folks you can visit in the cemetery to leave flowers, pour out a drink, and aspire to the same level of accomplishment.
10. Ben Taub (1889-1982) Buried: Congregation Beth Israel Cemetery
Continue Reading
Related Stories Road Trip: Famous and Infamous Graves of Texas
Odds are if you live in Houston, you probably need to go thank Ben Taub at some point. An incredible philanthropist, the list of things he accomplished for this city is miles long. The land that the University of Houston sits on? He donated it to provide a more stable educational opportunity in Houston. He helped bring Baylor College of Medicine to the city, ran the United Way, and served as head of the Texas Medical Center. Though never married, he was instrumental in running the DePelchin Children's Center, which still aids more than 20,000 kids a year with mental health issues and welfare services. You'd be hard-pressed to find a man who affected us in a more benevolent way.
9. Kathryn Jewel Thorne (1936 - 1999) Buried: Forest Park East Cemetery
When you bear the nickname of the Swamp Boogie Queen, you'd better damn well live up to it. Thorne did. She grew up the daughter of a reformed ragtime pianist turned Pentecostal preacher who was so worried about the evils of demon music infecting his daughter that he locked up the family piano to keep her away from it. It did no good, and Thorne became infamous for her skills as a blues vocalist, organist, and harmonica player. She made her name as a session pianist on more than 500 albums until Otis Redding personally requested she work with him. She toured with Redding until his untimely death on a plane crash in 1974, and retired for much of the '70s out of grief. She staged a successful comeback, and was once again a prolific musician until a stroke ended her career.
8. Gino Hernandez (1957 - 1986) Buried: Memorial Oaks Cemetery
The pro-wrestler known as "The Handsome Half-Breed," got his start working for the one and only Sheik in Michigan, and went on to hold an astonishing seven titles more than 20 times in NWA Big Time Wrestling/World Class Champion Wrestling. He was a thorn in the side of the legendary Von Erich family, teamed with a young Jake "The Snake" Roberts, and more or less invented the concept of cutting off an opponent's hair after a successful match. His sudden death at the young age of 28 cut short one of the most promising careers in wrestling history, and though it was ruled a drug overdose, to this day rumors abound that something more sinister was at work behind the loss of the rising superstar.
Piece continues on next page.
7. Mollie Arline Kirkland Bailey (1844 - 1918) Buried: Hollywood Cemetery
Mollie Bailey had a life right out of a popular novel. At the age of 14 she fell in love with a trumpet player who worked in a traveling circus, and when her father refused his permission for the couple to marry she stole some horses, a cart, and a sibling or two to run off and start a circus of her own with her beloved. She fathers disinherited her. When Gus Bailey joined the Confederate army, Mollie tagged along as nurse and occasional spy infiltrating Union camps posing as an old woman selling cookies.
After the war she and her husband ran one of the most popular circuses in the South, and gave free admission to any war veteran regardless of what side they fought on. Texas governor James Stephen Hogg personally presented her with a wild boar tooth mounted in gold and inscribed with her name. Though her exact burial place isn't known, a marker was erected in her honor in Hollywood Cemetery by the Texas Historical Commission.
6. Howard Hughes (1905 - 1976) Buried: Glenwood Cemetery
Probably the most famous person buried in Houston is the one and only Howard Hughes, our renaissance man who was inventor, aviator, filmmaker, tycoon, and genius. He won the very first Academy Award for Best Director, and even invented a special bra for actresses to wear with revealing costumes to get around censors. He was himself a prolific pilot, and broke world records in an endless loop of newly designed aircraft that came right from his own pen. Despite popular legend, his innovative wooden cargo ship Hercules (Nicknamed "Spruce Goose") did actually fly and was a technological achievement dampened only by the fact that by the time it was completed it was no longer needed for the war effort.
5. Gene Tierney (1920 - 1991) Buried: Glenwood Cemetery
Not far from Hughes' grave lies his livelong friend, actress Gene Tierney. Tierney is best remembered for the lead role in the noir classic film Laura, which remains one of the finest mystery films ever produced and served as the inspiration for much of David Lynch's Twin Peaks. Leave Her to Heaven and Heaven Can Wait are also among her resume, as well as a host of Broadway and other roles. Mental illness preyed on her as her career grew, and after a stay in a psychiatric hospital she became an outspoken critic of shock therapy. She eventually staged a comeback as a character actress until she retired in 1980.
Piece concludes on next page.
Hopkins grew up surrounded by the blues, and thanks to a chance meeting at a church picnic with Blind Lemon Jefferson he managed to become a legendary bluesman whose like isn't seen in the world anymore. Based in the Third Ward, he caught the attention of Aladdin Records, and went to Los Angeles to record the first of what some estimate to be as many as 1,000 original songs. He still holds the record for more blues albums recorded than any other musician in the history of the genre, and is arguably the most influential popular guitarist of all time. Yet he never really wanted to be anywhere other than at home in Houston, and that's where he lays to this day.
3. Jack Yates (1828 - 1997 1897) Buried: College Park Cemetery
John Henry Yates was born a slave in 1828, but fate dealt him a better hand when his mother was tasked with caring for the children of their recently diseased mistress, who subsequently taught Jack to read and write despite the illegality of such an action. He would go out in the dead of night and read his Bible by the light of a burning pine knot. After emancipation, Yates brought his family to Houston where he was ordained as a Baptist preacher and began a tireless quest to minister to the souls of Houston's African-Americans as well as ensuring their educations. Organizations founded by him exist to this day, and in 1991 Queen Elizabeth II visited the church he built and served as first pastor of, Antioch Missionary Baptist.
2. Paul Neal "Red" Adair (1915 - 2004) Buried: Forest Park Cemetery
When it comes to measuring badassedness, having John Wayne play a character inspired by you is almost impossible to beat. Adair was a legend in the field of fighting fires that no one else could fight. Oil wells and natural gas wells were his specialty, and he traveled all over the world like a flameproof gunslinger, even battling the oil field fires in Kuwait set by the retreating Iraqi army in the First Gulf War. His role in extinguishing a brutal blaze in the Sahara in 1962 (Nicknamed "The Devil's Cigarette Lighter) was the basis of the film Hellfighters, starring John Wayne as Adair stand-in Chance Buckman. Adair served as a consultant on the movie.
1. Sarah Emma Edmonds (1841 - 1898) Buried: Washington Cemetery
You will not find bigger balls than the ones Sarah Edmonds pretended to have in the Civil War. Inspired by Fanny Campbell, the Female Pirate Captain, Edmonds figured the best way for a woman to get into adventure in the 19th century was to pretend to be a boy as a her literary hero did. She was right. Enlisting as "Franklin Flint Thompson" she served as a male field nurse in the 2nd Michigan Infantry without ever blowing her cover, and was lauded by her fellow soldiers for her dedication and bravery in battle.
When Confederate forces in Richmond discovered a Union spy and executed him, along with killing her friend James Vessey in an ambush, Edmonds got metal and decided to aim for the spy post herself. She ended up sneaking into enemy territory after using silver nitrate to disguise herself as a black man (Because her life wasn't improbable enough as it was) and even as an Irish peddler woman just for the sheer ironic hell of it. Her work netted tons of helpful intelligence until she quit service in the wake of malaria.
Ha ha, no. After she got better she re-enlisted again as a nurse under her real name working at a Washington D.C. hospital. Then she retired again, wrote a bestselling book about her life that is still in print today, moved to La Porte, and became the only woman to successfully win a pension from the U.S. government for battle services rendered in the conflict. Truly, the most badass person buried in Houston so far.
Jef has a new story, a tale of headless strippers and The Rolling Stones, available now in Broken Mirrors, Fractured Minds. You can also connect with him on Facebook.
The student government at Ashland University voted unanimously Tuesday to pass a resolution supporting free expression in response to speech restrictions imposed by student protesters at campuses across the country.
“I was seeing a trend of colleges across the country having protests where free speech was under attack,” student senator Josh Frey, who introduced the resolution, told Campus Reform. “And we thought, as college students, that there weren't a lot of people coming to defend free speech among students.”
"Truth is great and will prevail if left to itself.”
Frey said there were no votes against the resolution, and only three abstentions, when it came before the full 37-member Senate Tuesday evening.
The “Resolution Denouncing the Anti-Free Speech Actions of the Students at Various Colleges Across the Nation,” as the measure is titled, begins by asserting that the free exchange of ideas is essential to the educational mission of any university, even when “some of these differing opinions are contrary to Truth.”
Confronting offensive ideas, the resolution elaborates, “is the only way for students to disprove them and, in the process, develop into free thinking individuals.”
In support of that claim, the document includes two quotations from Thomas Jefferson's bill establishing religious freedom in Virginia.
“Almighty God has created the mind free and manifested His supreme will that free it shall remain by making it altogether insusceptible of restraint,” Jefferson wrote in that document, adding, “truth is great and will prevail if left to itself.”
In contrast, the Ashland resolution observes, “students at Yale University, The University of Missouri, Ithaca College, Claremont McKenna College, Dartmouth College and many other institutions across the country have been attempting to restrain free minds by repressing the right to free speech.”
Although the resolution does not call for any concrete action by students or administrators, it does reaffirm the student government's “commitment to the pursuit of Truth through free inquiry and the free exchange of ideas,” and explicitly denounces the actions of both students and faculty at the aforementioned institutions, pointing out that administrators and staff have failed in their obligation to defend the principle of free inquiry against the encroachments sought by some students.
“Thankfully, we've not had these kinds of protests, and free speech is welcomed and encouraged at our university” Frey told Campus Reform. “We wanted to basically say that not all colleges are like the ones with the protests, and that Ashland is one of those institutions.”
Going forward, Frey added that he would like to see other schools emulate Ashland's lead, arguing that such a movement would “show that those making headlines are in the minority, and that most college students do value free speech.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @FrickePete
Former WWE Superstar Matt “Rosey” Anoa'i passed away on Monday at the age of 47. He was the older brother to RAW Superstar Roman Reigns. No word yet on what led to the former WWE Tag Team Champion passing but he was hospitalized due to congestive heart failure back in 2014.
Matt Anoa'i worked for WWE around 2002-2003 as part of the 3-Minute Warning tag team along with Jamal (Umaga). Rosey later worked as a ‘Super Hero In Training' and tagged with The Hurricane.
Our condolences go out to the family and friends of Matt Anoa'i.
The Anoa'i family shared the following statement with WWE.com:
“The Anoa'i family is mourning the loss of Sika's son, Matt aka Rosey, due to an untimely death.
We want to let his fans know that he loved them and the wrestling world so much. In his passing, he left three beautiful young children and a heartbroken family. Please respect the privacy of his children and family as they mourn the loss of this kind, loving, gentle man, who was a father, son, brother and a superhero to us all.
Our family appreciates your prayers and continued support during this very difficult time.”
Heart wrenching phone calls are not the way to start a day. Tell your loved ones you love them. Let them know! — Hurricane Helms (@ShaneHelmsCom) April 18, 2017
https://twitter.com/ebischoff/status/854351855186362369
On behalf of everyone at MLW, our condolences go out to the family of Matt Anoai (aka Rosey/Matt Smalls). #RIPMatt pic.twitter.com/n422OMfSc8 — MLW: One-Shot Oct 5 (@MLW) April 18, 2017
Two Las Vegas entrepreneurs attempting to sell the rights to Ebola.com succeeded in selling to the highest bidder -- literally.
Chris Hood and Jon Schultz paid $13,500 for the rights to Ebola.com back in 2008 and have just sold it to a company called Weed Growth Fund.
The terms of sale call for Hood and Schultz to get $50,000 in cash and 19,192 shares of Cannabis Sativa, Inc., a company run by former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson that hopes to market legal cannabis products throughout the world.
The stock is currently trading under the CBDS ticker symbol at $8.55 share, which means the value of the shares sold to Hood and Schultz is $164,091, DomainInvesting.com reports.
Hood said he and Schultz have about 5,000 domain names in their portfolio, including Birdflu.com. He admits the Ebola.com sale got the most public attention, but wasn't the most profitable.
"We've had others like LasVegasRealEstate.com and PaydayLoans.com that sold for more," he told HuffPost. "People don't understand what we do. We don't buy domain names hoping there's a disaster."
As for the future of Ebola.com? It might go to pot, if recent comments made by Johnson on Fox Business are any indication.
Johnson told host Stuart Varney that “we actually believe we have efficacy with regard to treating Ebola," and said it could potentially be a cure.
Johnson subsequently told the Albuquerque Journal, he was not claiming marijuana could cure the Ebola virus, but that more research should be done on whether cannabis compounds might be effective in fighting the disease that has killed nearly 4,500 people, mostly in West Africa.
“If I were on a bed right now, and I was infected by Ebola, anything that might save my life I would take in a nanosecond,” Johnson told the Journal.
Weed Growth Fund CEO Eric Miller said when the new Ebola.com website debuts in a few weeks, it will be a "go-to resource" on all aspects of the disease.
Last year I assembled a fun little list of Lovecraftian gift ideas for the holidays. It ended up being popular so I figured since the holiday season is upon us yet again I'd do it one more time! As before, if you're a fan of the Cthulhu Mythos or have someone on your list who is, I figured it'd be helpful to put together a little gift guide linking to some of my favorite Lovecraftian merchandise from across the web. Like before, I've organized the list by category and ordered them by price making it easy to browse. Have a favorite New Weird or mythos-themed item I left off? Leave a comment and let us know!
❅ Quick Jumps ❅
Books – Music – Apparel – Games – Miskatonic
[About the Art:] This year's gift guide's Featured Image comes from the artist Mark Helwig. Check out the full-color version on Deviant Art.
❅ BOOKS
Chapelwood by Cherie Priest
$11.98 + Free Shipping (Paperback) $9.99 (eBook)
Last year I featured Maplecroft, the first in Cherie Priests New Mythos series, The Borden Dispatches. I'm pleased to say that book two is even better than the first. Borden finds herself assisting an old friend in the deep south investigating strange disappearances and an even stranger church.
Southern Gods by John Hornor Jacobs
$13.30 + Free Shipping (Paperback) $9.99 (eBook)
Part southern gothic and part Lovecraftian, John Hornor Jacobs debut novel from 2011 follows the story of muscle-for-hire Bull Ingram as he's tasked with following the trail of the musician Ramblin' John Hastur, who has been rumored to have sold his soul to the devil.
Red Litten World by K. M. Alexander
$15.00 + Free Shipping (Paperback) $4.61 (eBook)
In the third installment of my Bell Forging Cycle, Caravan Master cum Guardian Waldo Bell returns to the multileveled megalopolis of Lovat and finds himself thrust into a conflict that will lead him to the cities blood-soaked spires.
Cthulhu Fhtagn! Anthology
$19.99 + Free Shipping (Paperback) $9.99 (eBook)
A fantastic anthology assembled by Ross Lockheart that happens to be one of the best Lovecraft-inspired collections to date. There's a lot to love here. Cosmic horror tales from names like W. H. Pugmire, Laird Barron, Cameron Pierce, Wendy N. Wagner, Ann K. Schwader, and loads more.
The New Annotated H. P. Lovecraft edited by Les Klinger
$27.78 + Free Shipping (Hardcover) $22.99 (eBook)
I'm keeping this on here from last year. This gorgeous coffee table book annotated by Les Klinger is now the definitive collection of Lovecraft's best work. If you have a fan on your list or wanted to spend a little bit of time with Lovecraft's works, this is the book to get.
Not finding a book you like? Check out last year's list →
❆ MUSIC
Azathoth by Cryo Chamber Collaboration
$9.00 (Digital Download) $20.00 + Shipping (CD)
Once again the dark-ambient label Cryo Chamber has created another collaboration named after one of Lovecraft's monsters. This set is themed around the Azathoth, the outer god, and the album has a tone of ancient otherworldliness drenched with vast echoes, terrifyingly wonderful.
The Curious Sea Shanties of Innsmouth, Mass.
$15.00 (Digital Download or CD) + Shipping (CD)
What do the sailors of Innsmouth, Massachesues sing while out on their boats? You'd be surprised. In this collection, the Miskatonic Connolly Memorial Men's Chorus explores the Innsmouth variants of classic shanties. The tunes might be familiar but the lyrics… the lyrics are very different.
Dark Adventure Radio Theater
$12.00 (Single Downloads) – $200 (Full Collections) + Shipping
Dramatizations of H. P. Lovecraft's words done radio-theater style. The quality is fantastic, and I highly encourage getting the CDs that include the props as well. Makes it all the more fun to follow along with the story.
Not finding the right music? Check out last year's list →
❅ APPAREL
Bell Caravans Patch
$5.00 + Shipping (Order by Dec. 11th for Christmas Delivery.)
This beautiful 3″ patch, designed by illustrator Sean Cumiskey, is the perfect way of declaring your loyalty to your beloved caravan master. Put it on your backpack, a tote, or display it on the sleeve of your jacket, just make sure the world knows who you roll with.
Cthulhu Bandanna
$10.00 + Shipping
Bandanas are handy, but why not have one that is slightly different from the rest. Featuring an original border design that incorporates Cthulhu, Nightgaunts, The Hounds of Tindalos, and more! Available in black, green, red, teal, and hot pink.
Cthulhu Varsity Jacket
$90.00 + Shipping
When a tee shirt just isn't enough and you need to take your love of the mythos to the next level. Features a wool body and leather sleeves with an embroidered HP on the chest and a large Cthulhu on the back.
Looking for something else? Check out last year's selection →
❆ GAMES
The Last Door: Season 2 – Collector's Edition
$7.99 (Digital Download) FREE (In-Browser)
I loved Season 1 of this old school adventure game and Season 2 was just as gripping. Heavily influenced by turn-of-the-century horror and the writing of H.P. Lovecraft, The Last Door: Season 2 places you at the center of a mysterious conspiracy of darkness and terror.
The Sunless Sea
$18.99 (Digital Download)
After playing and loving Failbetter Games' browser game Fallen London, I immediately ran out and picked this up from Steam. One of the few games I have spent any time with this year. The tone and music are wonderful, the locations and exploration superb. What will you find the in vast oceans of the Unterzee?
Eldritch Horror
$43.64 + Free Shipping
In this cooperative board game (similar to Pandemic), you and your fellow investigators travel the globe in an attempt to thwart the plans of Lovecraft's Great Old Ones while trying to stay sane in the process.
None of these games sounding interesting? Here's last year's list →
❅ MISKATONIC UNIVERSITY
Miskatonic University Sticker
$3.50 + Shipping
With these handy stickers you can make anything in your home an official product of the Miskatonic University. Slap 'em on a notebook or a mug or a water bottle. It's a handy (and cheap) was to show your pride in your school.
Miskatonic University Alumni lapel pin
$10.00 + Shipping
An elegant little lapel pin features a purple logo of Miskatonic University. A nice subtle way to confuse your coworkers as well as show your alumni allegiance to the Ivy League school that never was. Ex Ignorantia Ad Sapientiam; Ex Luce Ad Tenebras.
Miskatonic Antarctic Expedition Sweatshirt
$55.00 + Shipping
The “official” gear from Professor Lake's ill-fated 1931 Miskatonic University Antarctic Expedition. Features the logo of the MU Biology Dept. on the front and the Expedition logo on back. Comes in a combo ($72 + Shipping) with the sweatshirt, a radio play, and a personalized letter from Professor Dyer.
No Miskatonic related items you wanted? Here was last year's list →
❅ Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays! ❅
REUTERS/Rick Wilking Bill Gates and Warren Buffett have it all wrong, according to Scott McNealy.
In an interview on "Squawk Box" Tuesday, McNealy—the chairman of Wayin and the co-founder of Sun Microsystems—said the wealthy should give less to charity and invest more of their money in start-ups. He said that if Gates and Buffett had given their fortunes to budding entrepreneurs rather than the needy, they could have created many more jobs.
"The last thing I want to do is tell Bill Gates and Warren Buffett how to spend their money," he said. "But imagine if they had taken their tens of billions of dollars, chopped it up into $5 million chunks and pledged it to a business plan, sponsored by an MBA graduating from an MBA school with engineers and marketeers that he's recruited and they got 50 percent of the company back to the foundation."
(Read more: Why we likely can't close rich-poor gap)
The wealthy should also pay less in taxes, since their money is poorly spent by the government, he said.
"Instead of doing the $800 billion stimulus program and took all that money out of wealthy people," he said. "What do wealthy people do with their money? They invest it, spend it, save it or give it away. And I guarantee you, any wealthy person who created that value is going to do far better doing those four things than taxing it and giving it to Pelosi and Reid and Obama."
McNealy has never been a fan of government, and has long touted the virtues of the free market. But his comments echo those of other millionaires and billionaires who have come out and said that philanthropy is a poor use of cash.
Carlos Slim in 2010 said that he could do more to fight poverty by starting companies rather than "being a Santa Claus."
(Read more:Gates tops Forbes list again)
"The only way to fight poverty is with employment," he said. "Trillions of dollars have been given to charity in the last 50 years, and they don't solve anything."
Slim, however, has since pledged billions to his foundation and joined with Gates to help fund programs to eradicate polio and to help improve global agriculture.
From the Active Trans blog...
After hearing from a growing number of bicyclists who ride Metra, Metra leadership took positive steps to better accommodate bicyclists today with changes to its bikes on trains policy.
Starting October 6, bikes will be allowed on some early morning trains and they will no...
The change allows passengers to bring their bikes on early morning rush hour trains that arrive downtown at or before 6:30 a.m. Under the current policy, bikes are banned from all trains arriving in Chicago before 9:30 a.m.
Additionally, Metra will eliminate bike blackout periods during special events such as the Taste of Chicago, Lollapalooza and the Chicago Air & Water Show.
Passengers will be permitted to bring their bikes on trains during those events, but will be cautioned that crowded conditions could prevent bicycle access for the rider's initial or return trip. These “warning dates” will replace blanket blackout periods from the previous policy during which bikes were banned on all trains in both directions for the entire weekend of special events.
“We believe these changes will provide better service to bicyclists in a way that is safe for all passengers and onboard personnel,” said Metra Executive Director/CEO Don Orseno in a news release from Metra about the change.
Metra's bikes on trains policy is a topic that comes up frequently in our conversations with Active Trans members and supporters, and we regularly talk with Metra leadership about ways the policy can be improved. In 2005, we helped convince Metra to expand bicycle access from one train per week to daily off-peak accommodation.
This summer, we approached Metra after hearing from many supporters frustrated by the blanket blackout periods during special events and the bike ban on early morning trains, even when trains are nowhere near full capacity.
We'll continue to talk with bicyclists who ride Metra and agency leadership to identify more potential improvements.
Meanwhile, we remain committed to working with other non-profit organizations to push the Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District to allow bikes on South Shore Line trains. A feasibility study is currently underway on accommodating bicycles on the South Shore Line, one of the few remaining major commuter lines in the country that bans bikes.
Ted Villaire
Active Trans
The largest democratic exercise the world has ever seen concluded three days ago. People of India deserve to be complimented for making the 2014 elections a referendum on the misrule of the Congress-led UPA and demonstrating their faith in a proven new leadership. Young India deserves a pat on their back for increasing the turnout to the highest ever in India's history, and giving a decisive mandate which is seemingly loud and clear in its hunger for change, if one goes by the exit polls.I am an optimist. I strongly feel that we deserve to be nothing less than the foremost country in the world. A new India, fired by aspirations that might have so far been muted given the sense of despondency brought about by a decade of bad governance and massive corruption, has awakened from its sleep. Indians crave for good governance and visionary leadership; In Shri Narendra Modi, the nation is on the verge of electing a Prime Minister who embodies the above qualities and is also a torchbearer of integrity.Shri Narendra Modi has walked the talk and demonstrated how he has transformed Gujarat - 24x7 electricity to all villages, best-in-class road connectivity, revolutionary water management (both for farms & households) and taken major initiatives in improving socio-economic indicators such as healthcare, nutrition and education. The people are convinced that based on this successful track-record, the principles of the Gujarat Model of socio-economic development, in conjunction with our learnings in other BJP-ruled states, can be applied pan-India. I am sure that the new government, led by Shri Modi and comprising a galaxy of eminent leaders and thinkers shall have the political will to lead from the front and initiate path-breaking changes rapidly, and at scale!The run-up to the Lok Sabha elections has, unfortunately, seen undignified mud-slinging and false accusations leveled against Shri Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party. As will be evident in less than 36 hours, the people of India have chosen to ignore the malice of some political leaders, and self-proclaimed "intellectuals" and "liberals" who have dragged on a motivated agenda ad nauseum despite all these unfounded accusations being repeatedly proven hopelessly wrong, even by the judiciary. It is a matter of pride for all Indians that the country has chosen to move on from this "ghisa-pita" debate, which has stretched beyond all reason.India now stands at the cusp of a new dawn, powered by the conviction that the new government will take to fruition the dreams and aspirations of a billion plus people. There is no room any more for the divisive agenda which has been sought to be foisted on the common man. It is time for fresh beginnings. I look forward to India's journey to glory, led by a new charioteer Shri Narendra Modi who believes in "Sabka Saath Sabka Vikaas".Together we will build 'Ek Bharat, Shresth Bharat!'
LG is facing an angry backlash from some prospective customers after it emerged that the manufacturer was trying to charge as much as €599 for the Nexus 4 handset.
The Nexus 4 , like all Nexus Android devices, is the result of a close partnership with Google. The software firm is offering European customers the handset for between €299-€349 (£239-£280) through the Google Play Store, but it now appears that the manufacturer is aiming for a much higher retail price via other channels.
The higher price was revealed on Friday by Phone House, Carphone Warehouse's Spanish arm, which said on its Facebook page that it had decided to suspend the sale of the Nexus 4. It said the manufacturer's recommended price of €599 made it impossible for the retailer to honour its low price guarantee.
Meanwhile, as The Next Web has noted, LG seems to have instituted a similar price point in Italy and Austria.
The UK operations of Carphone Warehouse are not offering the Nexus 4 SIM-free at all, selling it only with contracts attached.
Some of those contract prices have already irked customers — the comments thread on this O2 blog post shows people expressing outrage that, although Google sells the 16GB version of the phone for £279, O2's pricing over a two-year contract totals £864. If LG's wholesale price for operators is also unexpectedly inflated, that may explain some of the high contract pricing.
The pricing of the Nexus 4 is one of its most attractive points, as €349 is very low for a high-end Android smartphone, even one without LTE capabilities. Other powerful-but-cheap Nexus devices, such as the Nexus 7 tablet, have not been marked up for retail sales outside of Google Play.
ZDNet has asked LG for comment, but had received none at the time of writing.
MY COLUMN this week sets out three possible scenarios for the American economy in 2016, in the aftermath of the Fed's first rate hike in more than nine years. Each scenario corresponds to an understanding of why it is that near-zero interest rates are so difficult to leave behind; economies eventually managed the trick in the decades after the Depression, but those that have sunk to the zero lower bound in recent years have been unable to escape it for long.
What strikes me as interesting, and what motivated the column, is that our understanding of the pull of near-zero rates has evolved since late 2008, and continues to evolve, in a very ominous direction.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Back in late 2008 and early 2009, when rates around the rich world fell below 1%, the framework most economists reached for was what you might call the traditional Hicks-Krugman story of the liquidity trap. John Hicks's analysis of the work of John Maynard Keynes first set out the concept of a liquidity trap in 1937. Paul Krugman borrowed and updated that framework in 1998 in an analysis of the Japanese economy. This story is one in which a really nasty economic shock knocks an economy into a bad equilibrium; rates fall to zero, at which point monetary policy loses its punch. Real rates can't go low enough to stimulate the economy, which remains stuck with a shortfall in demand. To get out, the government either needs to borrow heavily and spend to boost demand, or the central bank needs to promise to tolerate high inflation once, at some point in the distant future, the economy returns to health: to "credibly promise to be irresponsible", in Mr Krugman's phrase. Higher exected inflation reduces the real interest rate in the present, providing the needed stimulative jolt. In his paper, Mr Krugman mused that a target of 4% inflation for fifteen years might be the sort of thing needed to get Japan out of its trap—assuming Japanese households would find such a target credible.
An alternative view emerged over the course of the recession and recovery, which one might call the Friedman-Schwartz-Bernanke story. In the Monetary History of the United States, Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz argued that monetary policy had not been helpless in the 1930s, and that in fact the blame for the depth and length of the Depression should be set at the feet of the Federal Reserve, which tolerated a dramatic drop in the money supply. Ben Bernanke's Fed adopted a version of this framework, which continues to shape policy today: that a liquidity trap is only a trap for an insufficiently aggressive central bank. Use enough unconventional monetary policy, and the trap can be overcome. And so the Fed never attempted to gin up any sort of regime change, or to dramatically increase the market's expectations for future inflation. Instead, it used QE and promises to keep rates low for as long as necessary to support demand. And the Fed now seems confident that, having generated a robust-enough recovery, it is safe to move away from zero, as nonchalantly as if one were raising rates from 4% to 4.25%.
That view is almost certainly wrong. Other rich-world central banks with other robust-enough recoveries have tried and failed to sidle away from zero; it doesn't work. Markets don't think it will work this time; futures markets project a path for the federal funds rate about half as steep as the (already gentle) path that the Fed suggests it will follow.
At the same time, the traditional liquidity trap story also looks inadequate. America has enjoyed a relatively robust recovery, at least over the last year or two, despite big government budget cuts and inflation rates, both actual and expected, barely above zero. And meanwhile other economies around the world, which performed reasonably well during the dark period from 2008-2010, are finding themselves drawn toward the zero lower bound.
And so a new narrative is gaining adherents (among them Mr Krugman himself): the Hansen-Summers "secular stagnation" story of low rates forever. The story, I write in my column goes like this:
[T]he problem is a global glut of savings relative to attractive investment options. This glut of capital has steadily and relentlessly pushed real interest rates around the world towards zero. The savings-investment mismatch has several causes. Dampened expectations for long-run growth, thanks to everything from ageing to reductions in capital spending enabled by new technology, are squeezing investment. At the same time soaring inequality, which concentrates income in the hands of people who tend to save, along with a hunger for safe assets in a world of massive and volatile capital flows, boosts saving. The result is a shortfall in global demand that sucks ever more of the world economy into the zero-rate trap.
The long downward trend in global real interest rates pre-dates the Great Recession. In the early 2000s the Fed was already struggling to manage a low-rate, low-inflation environment. The glut of global savings in search of safe assets with a reasonable rate of return fueled the American housing bubble. The financial crisis ushered rich-world rates to the zero lower bound, but the fall to zero was probably inevitable. What's more, it is only a matter of time until the rest of the world gets stuck as well:
Economies with the biggest piles of savings relative to investment—such as China and the euro area—export their excess capital abroad, and as a consequence run large current-account surpluses. Those surpluses drain demand from healthier economies, as consumers' spending is redirected abroad. Low rates reduce central banks' capacity to offset this drag, and the long-run nature of the problem means that promises to let inflation run wild in the future are less credible than ever.
This story, which looks increasingly convincing, implies that as the Fed attempts to raise rates the dollar will rise in value and inflation will remain low. The American economy will sputter and stall, forcing a quick reversal in rates—though it might keep growing for a time if the government and households tap the money flowing their way and borrow to fuel consumption (or real estate investment).
If this narrative is the right one, an aggressive-enough central bank can ameliorate the zero-rate problem but cannot solve it. A higher inflation rate would allow an economy to maintain positive nominal interest rates in a world in which the global real rate stays rooted near zero. Modestly ambitious monetary policy that depreciates the currency will boost an economy, but mostly by capturing demand from other countries. Economies that have had enough can adopt capital controls to keep the tide of savings out and regain monetary-policy independence. None of that is especially satisfying. But a proper, sustainable long-run solution would require a fix to the global savings-investment imbalance. That, in turn, might mean dramatic reforms around the world, much higher rates of immigration to rich countries with shrinking workforces, and heavy borrowing by safe-asset issuing governments.
The secular stagnation picture is a grim one. It might be wrong; maybe America's economy will keep on trucking even as the Fed lifts rates. If America finds itself dragged slowly back to zero, the outlook for the global economy over the next decade or so is an uncertain and worrying one.
[Originally posted on 12/12/17]
Coming first to the Radeon™ ProRender plug-in for Blender™, AMD's new denoising feature allows artists to rapidly achieve final renders and revolutionizes rendering workflows with interactive viewport denoising, enabling fast and clear real-time render previews.
Radeon ProRender is AMD's high-performance, physically-based rendering engine that enables CAD designers and 3D artists to create incredible renders quickly and easily, and is freely available for many popular digital content-creation applications, with plug-ins and add-ins for Autodesk® 3ds Max®, Autodesk® Maya®, Blender™, and Dassault Systèmes SOLIDWORKS®. It is also natively integrated into Maxon's Cinema 4D™ version R19.
Building on our successful updates this past October, where we delivered significant performance improvements to both final rendering and interactive viewport rendering, today we are releasing updates to our plug-ins for 3ds Max, Maya, and Blender.
Denoising for Blender
Denoising is a feature that removes noise from an image while preserving image detail. It allows you to cut render times while getting less noisy images. Physically-based path tracing lets you set the number of samples used to render an image. More samples equal a less noisy image but naturally longer render times. By using a denoiser, artists can use low sample counts and get less noisy renders without the long render time.
What our new Radeon ProRender denoiser does is use extra image detail (such as normals and depth data) to determine edges and differentiate between texture detail and noise in the render. It can then filter out between the two, literally finding “the signal in the noise.”
Currently, most other renderers with denoising only do it as a post-process to get less noisy final rendered images. Along with doing the same, Radeon ProRender also supports denoising of interactive rendering and is the first renderer to release this feature. This allows radically clearer interactive viewport renders, allowing the artist to do their look development or shading and lighting with a clearer idea of what the final render might be.
PBR Shader for Blender and glTF Support
First introduced in our Radeon ProRender plug-in for 3ds Max in October, we are now adding a simplified PBR shader to Blender that closely correlates to the shaders used in game engines and streamlines workflows, letting artists and designers work with the 1000's of freely available PBR materials available online.
The Khronos Group's glTF (GL Transmission Format) is “a royalty-free specification for the efficient transmission and loading of 3D scenes and models by applications” which is now supported by Radeon ProRender for easy export of assets to other applications while preserving materials.
2018 Version Support and Coming Soon for macOS
Two features we know our users have been asking for are here – our plug-ins for 3ds Max and Maya (for Windows) now support the 2018 versions of these two Autodesk applications and macOS® support is coming soon for our Radeon ProRender Maya and Blender plug-ins.
Get the Updated Plug-ins Now
You can download the latest versions of our Radeon ProRender plug-ins and add-ins from here.
Alexander Blake-Davies, Software Product Marketing Specialist for Professional Graphics at AMD's Radeon Technology Group. Links to third party sites and references to third party trademarks are provided for convenience and illustrative purposes only. Unless explicitly stated, AMD is not responsible for the contents of such links, and no third-party endorsement of AMD or any of its products is implied. Use of third party names or marks is for informational purposes only and no endorsement of or by AMD is intended or implied.
Follow me on Twitter at @AnthonyCody
Chicago's students and teachers returned to their classrooms last Wednesday, having taught us all some valuable lessons. I spent some time this summer with a couple of teacher activists from the big city, Xian Barrett and Adam Heenan, and they were clear about what was giving them strength. This strike action was not a whim. It was carefully built from the ground up. Today we will take a look at what we can learn from their experience.
In many cities across the country, our unions have practically taken the strike off the table. It is not considered possible, because leaders fear the public will not be supportive. This is easy to understand, because the public has been fed a barrage of anti-union messages for the past few decades. Teacher unions, the largest organized block of workers left, have been the focus of special scorn.
Chicago was no exception to this pattern. President Obama's former chief of staff Rahm Emanuel is the epitome of the strong, well-connected mayor. The Chicago Sun Times was largely supportive when he moved to extend the school day, and tie 40% of teacher evaluations to test scores. Chicago has long been a hotbed of experimental reforms, leading the way with school closures under then-CEO Arne Duncan.
The billionaire-sponsored "non-profits" had played their parts as well. Stand For Children's Jonah Edelman made it clear in his talk at Aspen a year ago that the law they pushed through the state legislature was aimed at preventing Chicago teachers from ever going on strike again. It did this by requiring 75% of the members to vote in favor of a strike - and in the past, this sort of supermajority had never been achieved.
So how did the teachers in Chicago pull off the most successful strike of the new century?
Democracy Now's Amy Goodman interviewed Chicago Teachers Union president Karen Lewis this week, and asked her about a quote from Bruce Rauner, a pro-charter venture capitalist. Rauner said:
The critical issue is to separate the union from the teachers. They're not the same thing. ... The union basically is a bunch of politicians elected to do certain things--get more pay, get more benefits, less work hours, more job security. That's what they're paid to do. They're not about the students. They're not about results. They're not about the taxpayers.
Lewis responded:
...we purposely tried to change the culture of union so that the union is about education, is about empowering teachers and paraprofessionals and clinicians. And as a result, the union officers took pay cuts, significant pay cuts, so that we can have an organizing department, so that we can have a research department, so that we didn't do the union the way the old union was done, because those days are over, because then people like Bruce Rauner can separate the union from the teachers. And this is where they're wrong. They're absolutely wrong, and they acted that way the entire time, because they didn't understand what we were really doing, which was organizing our members, not about the whole--yes, we have to negotiate for whatever, but that's not our main focus.
So our main focus is trying to make education better, because we feel like we can solve some of the problems. The longer school day was a hot, buttery mess until we sat down with them and said, "OK, look, you can't afford to pay us this entire length of day, because the arbitrator told you that, so here's a way to figure this out by staffing up so that you can save some money." We actually brought that to the board, because they were clueless. They were absolutely clueless in trying to figure out the problem. We're teachers. We're problem solvers. And for--Bruce Rauner has to remember, I'm two years out of the classroom, so, for me, not a bureaucratic union hack. Sorry, that tag just won't hang on us.
This was borne out when the vote to authorize a strike was taken, 98% of those casting ballots - 90% of the teachers, voted in favor. The teachers were united.
After the strike began, teacher Xian Barrett wrote a powerful essay; "Why I'm Striking," which was widely read.
An excerpt from Xian's post:
I wanted to educate (Chicago schools CEO) Mr. Brizard about what it means to "help or hurt our kids".
When you make me cram 30-50 kids in my classroom with no air conditioning so that temperatures hit 96 degrees, that hurts our kids.
When you lock down our schools with metal detectors and arrest brothers for play fighting in the halls, that hurts our kids.
When you take 18-25 days out of the school year for high stakes testing that is not even scientifically applicable for many of our students, that hurts our kids.
When you spend millions on your pet programs, but there's no money for school level repairs, so the roof leaks on my students at their desks when it rains, that hurts our kids.
Once again, Xian showed that Chicago teachers were putting students first.
I asked Xian and Adam to share a bit about how teachers there laid the groundwork for their action.
How was the unity of the teachers accomplished? How did you build that capacity to act as one?
Xian responded:
In the CTU we have the best case democratic process possible. We have a reform leadership (from the Caucus of Rank and File Educators - CORE) that is focused on student issues and community ties rather than just traditional bread and butter union issues. That group was elected with a strong mandate from the membership. During the election, the incumbents actually accused the CORE caucus of "diluting" members' voices and power in favor of working with community and parent groups. We embraced that portrayal and the membership responded overwhelmingly to support that approach in the election two years ago.
The corporate reformers say they want to work with teachers willing to put students at the center and we called their bluff -- that is exactly what we did. Their response has been to try to make us the most vilified group of educators in the country.
People don't have to take my word for it. We still lack ac, we still have overcrowded classrooms, and classrooms without teachers. We are still fighting for good learning conditions for students.
We won some important things that people haven't heard much about, but that you know are important if you ever worked at a school. We won the right for social workers and nurses and psychologists to have a private space to work w students in the school. Prior to this, the psychologist would have to meet with kids in a cubicle, with no privacy. Funding was also allocated for 600 teachers of PE, art and music, which pushes back on the narrowing of education in our schools. (see a comprehensive summary of what was won here.)
Xian Barrett:
The key was to start by listening, rather than talking about what we want. We built relationships by listening. To understand conditions students were learning in and what changes parent wanted and identified issues we could collaborate on. The most obvious one was school closings. Nobody was in favor of the closings, but groups were fragmented. Over four years we built movement that started out as pushback vs school closings, but turned into a rich conversation about what good, equitable education is. It is very important that we focus not only on what is wrong with corporate reform and school closures, but also on the positive side, what do parents and kids want out of their schools.
(These insights into how to improve schools were woven into the CTU's powerful report released in February; "The Schools Chicago Students Deserve." This report spelled out specific improvements in learning conditions that became key demands in the strike.)
Adam Heenen shared how this support was maintained during the strike:
We relied on social media and pamphlets to help inform them of what we were doing and why. The parents have our back. We first leafleted last spring at the report-card pick-up day. Over the summer we went door-to-door asking for signatures to get a referendum on the ballot to be able to elect our school board. On Thursday of the picket we spent 3 hrs going door-to-door in our communities as striking union teachers, but also as neighbors, voters, parents, and taxpayers.
Xian Barrett:
There was a lot of media that did not understand the issues very well. Some were tied to corporate reform, but many of them simply had no prior connections to the schools.
As the strike began, there were two shifts. Grassroots media action was key - dozens of classroom teachers and parents were out there speaking up, and they were passionate and knowledgeable. They started getting heard on the airwaves. And because we were on strike, we had more time to do this.
There was another shift, when the house of CTU delegates decided to stay on strike for two additional days in order to give the members time to review the proposal. The reformers have an advantage in this regard -- they do not have to go back and discuss things with a constituency. They can make instant decisions. That is much harder when we have to consult with 30,000 people, and make sure they agree when a big decision is made.
Adam Heenan adds,
We kept our message on teaching and learning conditions, and after about two days we started seeing more and more CTU-positive messaging, even in the second-largest paper. Radio and long-form media was better at featuring discussion on the complex issues than was news clips in the mainstream press. We have always relied heavily on social media and a couple weeks prior, the CTU Social Media Coordinator Kenzo Shibata produced a 30 min "expose" on Mayor Emanuel's connection to the Tea Party and Big Money Ed Reformers.
Xian Barrett:
Bring together people passionate about education, teachers, parents, friends, start getting organized. It is not enough to organize people to pushback - we have to figure out how to create an empowering school system. It's a massive undertaking but we are the ones who know best how to do it.
What do you think? What have you learned from watching what happened in Chicago? How do you think this might affect teachers in other areas?
The photo is by Paulette Franklin, mother of the cheerleader being tossed skyward at a Chicago support rally. It is used with her permission.
As you're reading this blog post silently to yourself, do you hear an inner voice speaking the words in your head? A new paper published in Psychosis suggests that most people do hear an internal voice when they're reading. But as this is one of the first ever investigations into the question, and it used an unconventional methodology, it's fair to say the results are far from conclusive.
Ruvanee Vilhauer at New York University took advantage of questions about the phenomenon posted on Yahoo! Answers, the largest English language Q&A website in the world (where people post questions and members of the community chip in with their answers). She found 24 relevant questions posed between 2006 and 2014, and 136 answers in which people described their own experiences when reading.
Vilhauer analysed all the relevant content and looked for recurring themes and insights. Overall, the vast majority (82.5 per cent) of contributors said that they did hear an inner voice when reading to themselves, 10.6 per cent said they didn't, and the status of the remaining contributors was unclear. Of those who said they heard an inner voice, 13 per cent said they did so only sometimes, with various factors tending to increase the likelihood of this happening, such as their interest in the text.
Among the contributors with an internal reading voice, another key theme was whether or not they only ever heard the same voice (this was true for about half of them) or a range of different voices. For those who heard different inner voices, these tended to vary based on the voice of the character who was speaking in a story, or if it was a text message or email, on the voice of the sender. For people who only ever heard the same internal reading voice, this was usually their own voice, but it was often different in some way from their speaking voice, for example in terms of pitch or emotional tone. Some contributors described or implied that their inner reading voice was just the same as the inner voice they used for thoughts.
Nearly all those who said they had an inner reading voice or voices referred to it being “audible” in some way, for example they spoke of its volume or depth or accent. Another issue that came up was the controllability of the inner reading voice. Some contributors spoke of the voice as distracting or even scary, while others said they deliberately chose the voice they used. You can see why this paper was published in the journal Psychosis. Indeed, Vilhauer said that the insights from her analysis provided some support for theories that say auditory hallucinations are inner voices that are incorrectly identified as not belonging to the self.
Why has this topic been largely overlooked before now (although check out these studies from 2011, and Charles Fernyhough's forthcoming book The Voices Within)? Vilhauer's study hints at an answer because she found that many people assumed that their inner experiences when reading were shared by everyone. This worked both ways, so some of the people who had an inner reading voice were convinced of its normality: “We all hear our voices in our heads at times – even those of others we know – especially while reading,” said one Yahoo contributor. Yet others who claimed to have no inner voice felt they were the normal ones. For example, in response to a question posted on the site about whether anyone else hears an inner voice while reading, one responder said “Nooo. You should get that checked out” and another wrote, in capitals: “NO, I'M NOT A FREAK”.
Vilhauer speculates that perhaps psychologists have failed to study this question because they've simply assumed, like many of the Yahoo contributors, that there's no variability in this and everyone has the same reading experience as they do.
_________________________________
Vilhauer, R. (2016). Inner reading voices: An overlooked form of inner speech Psychosis, 8 (1), 37-47 DOI: 10.1080/17522439.2015.1028972
Post written by Christian Jarrett (@psych_writer) for the BPS Research Digest.
—further reading—
The science of how we talk to ourselves in our heads
A preliminary taxonomy of the voices inside your head
‘Don't do it!' – how your inner voice really does aid self-control
India captain Mithali Raj created history on Wednesday when she became the leading run-scorer in women's One Day International (ODI) cricket. She achieved the feat against Australia in the ICC Women's World Cup 2017 match at Bristol. The India skipper's remarkable performance has caught the attention of the entire nation and on Wednesday she added this feather to her cap. Before the start of the match against the Aussie women, Mithali was 33 runs short of England cricketer Charlotte Edwards' 5992 runs in 191 matches.
Not only did Mithali go past the Englishwoman's world record but she also became the first ever woman cricketer to touch the 6,000 ODI runs mark.
Earlier, she achieved the feat of scoring seven consecutive fifties in ODIs after she played a terrific knock against England in the World Cup last Saturday. Apart from this, Mithali has also notched the maximum number of ODI half-centuries (49) by any woman cricketer.
The 34-year-old, who made her debut at the age of 16, has often been called the Sachin Tendulkar of Indian women's cricket. However, being compared to male cricketers is not something the Indian skipper is overly fond of.
Mithali had shut down a reporter for asking her a question during a press conference ahead of the ICC Women's World Cup 2017. The Indian skipper was asked to name her favourite male cricketer. "Do you ask the same question to a male cricketer?," she had replied.
She also grabbed headlines when fans spotted her indulging in a rather interesting activity before she came out to bat against England. Mithali was seen reading a book before going out in the middle. Fans couldn't stop talking about it on social media.
Construction to widen and resurface lanes and redesign exit patterns along a 1-mile stretch of Interstate 695 in Baltimore County began this week and is expected to continue through the summer of 2017, according to the State Highway Administration.
The $34.4 million project, part of a slate of recent highway investments paid for under the state's Transportation Infrastructure Investment Act, will affect the inner and outer loops of the highway between Harford Road and Perring Parkway. The stretch of highway cuts through Parkville and Carney in the county, northeast of Baltimore and east of Towson.
Temporary lane and ramp closures will occur in the area throughout the project's duration, particularly during off-peak hours. Those were described as weekdays between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. and weeknights between 8 p.m. and 5 a.m., the SHA said.
About 160,825 vehicles use the section of highway each day, the SHA said, and that number is expected to rise to more than 181,000 by 2030.
The work will increase safety by creating new auxiliary lanes for drivers to enter and exit the highway in designated areas, the SHA said.
It will also get rid of the cloverleaf exit pattern from eastbound I-695 onto southbound Harford Road; replace the existing Old Harford Road bridge over I-695; improve medians and traffic signals on Harford Road; introduce new water management systems and lighting; and provide for reforestation in the area.
The first phase of the project will focus on widening eastbound and westbound I-695 and replacing the the Old Harford Road bridge. The existing bridge will remain open as the new one is constructed.
The contractor is the Six-M Company, of Delta, Pa.
Work also is expected to begin next week on a $56.7 million project, also paid for under the new transportation act, to replace two bridges carrying I-695 over Benson Avenue and over Leeds Avenue, U.S. 1 and Amtrak lines in the Arbutus area.
The work will improve safety and reduce congestion and also include the construction of a new ramp from U.S. 1 to the inner loop of I-695, the SHA said.
The SHA expects the work, which coincides with new safety measures being introduced on both Leeds and Benson avenues, to last through the middle of 2017.
krector@baltsun.com
twitter.com/rectorsun
Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter. (AP photo)
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter announced a “Hack the Pentagon” contest in April, which he called “an unprecedented effort to test our digital security in the first ever federal government bug bounty.”
“At the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD), we fight off sophisticated cyberattacks everyday. So it might surprise you to know we are about to roll out the welcome mat to hackers,” Carter said in a statement Wednesday.
Hackers will be required to register with the Pentagon and submit to a background check before participating in a “controlled, limited duration program that will allow them to identify vulnerabilities on a predetermined asset,” Carter said, adding that “this bug bounty will not compromise any of the department's critical, mission-facing systems.”
“Under the pilot program, we will allow qualified participants to identify vulnerabilities on the Department's public web pages,” he added, noting that the contest is “modeled after similar competitions conducted by some of the nation's biggest companies – Microsoft, Google, and Facebook - to improve the security and delivery of networks, products, and digital services.”
Carter's announcement did not specify whether there would be a financial reward for the "white hat" hackers who expose vulnerabilities in the Pentagon's computer systems.
Last August, NBC News reported that the Pentagon's Joint Staff email system had to be taken offline after it was targeted in “a sophisticated cyberattack” by alleged Russian hackers.
Summer is well underway, which unfortunately for me means arriving to the office dripping with sweat. Even my bold move towards wearing shorts to the office has stopped this inconvenient truth. A rather exciting scientific development could see our sweat put to use though. In the near future, those of us that sweat could become our very own source of renewable energy.
Scientists have been working for a while now to try and generate power from our sweat and the latest tests have seen sweat power a radio for 2 whole days. Joseph Wang from the University of California, San Diego believes that sweat can power so much more than a radio, he says, “We're now getting really impressive power levels. If you were out for a run, you would be able to power a mobile device.” Wow. Imagine having no battery left on your phone and being able to jog a little to get a bit of juice back.
Advertisement
The power is generated using a small square skin patch. Only a couple of centimeters across and containing enzymes that replace the precious metals normally used in batteries, the patch feeds off the lactic acid in your sweat to provide the power output.
With this proof of concept it'll be interesting to see just how long it takes before we see this type of technology finding its way into consumer products like sports wearables. We'll just have to wait and see.
Sweating on the way to work is never going to be fun but at least, in the near future, there might be a bright side to having an excess of early morning moisture.
Follow me on Twitter: @PatrickDevaney_
Via: New Scientist
The Story of VETPAW:
Ryan Tate has always had two primary passions, and a desire to protect both: his country and animals. As it did for many brave Americans, the call to serve grew louder after the attacks of 9/11.Ryan signed enlistment papers to the U.S. Marine Corps that same year, with a commitment to join “the few, the proud” on his 18th birthday.Several years later, Ryan was exposed to the atrocities of elephant and rhino poaching, and the devastation it was having on East African communities and wildlife alike. He knew he couldn't sit idly by. All he had to do was consider the men and women he'd served with to see that there is no one better suited to instruct and train park rangers than post-9/11 veterans.Ryan is keenly aware that many U.S. Veterans are un- or underemployed, and would benefit profoundly from the opportunity to serve in another capacity—one that would save lives. With his military experience, he's able to speak directly to the unique skills that veterans can bring to anti-poaching efforts. He interviewed his colleagues and saw the difficulties and frustrations of men and women who are highly skilled in combat-related areas, but unable to leverage those skills in a conventional civilian setting. They have a continuing dedication to serve others, and Ryan helps them channel it.
Daniel Cormier will not be fighting Rafael "Feijao" Cavalcante next after all.
Instead, Cormier (14-0) will face Dan Henderson (30-11) on July 5 at UFC 175, according to sources with knowledge of the situation. The promotion is expected to announce the news in the coming days.
On last week's episode of "UFC Tonight," it was reported that Cormier vs. Cavalcante was being discussed for the event -- and it was -- however, the promotion decided to offer Henderson the Cormier fight following his thrilling comeback win over Shogun Rua on March 23. Had Henderson turned down the fight for whatever reason, the UFC most likely would have booked Cormier vs. Cavalcante.
The fight will pit two former Olympians. Cormier, a 2004 and 2008 member of the USA Wrestling Olympic team, improved to 14-0 in his light heavyweight debut last month when he defeated Patrick Cummins via first-round TKO.
The 43-year-old Henderson, a 1992 and 1996 member of the USA Wrestling Olympic team, snapped a three-fight losing streak when he defeated Rua last week.
UFC 175, headlined by Chris Weidman vs. Lyoto Machida for the UFC middleweight title, will take place at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas.
On Nov. 4, North Dakota voters will consider whether to add a “personhood” amendment to their constitution. If this amendment, Measure 1, passes, North Dakota would become the first state to amend its constitution to define the “inalienable right to life” for humans as beginning at conception. (A similar measure is on the ballot in Colorado.)
Supporters claim the sole purpose is to ensure that North Dakota laws limiting abortion will be upheld. As our peer-reviewed study documenting hundreds of arrests and related detentions and state interventions makes clear, this claim is patently false.
Measure 1 is variously known by supporters as the “Life Begins at Conception,” “Inalienable Right to Life,” or the “Human Life” amendment. Their choice of framing is no accident: it's hard to vote against life, right? Measure 1 would more accurately communicate what is at stake, however, if it were titled, “A Right to Life . . . Unless you are Pregnant” Amendment or possibly, the “You Can Kill a Pregnant woman in an Attempt to Save a Fetus” Amendment. If this amendment passes — giving fertilized eggs, embryos, and fetuses a right to life that the state must protect — women who become pregnant risk losing their own right to life.
Angela Carder was 27 years old and 25-weeks pregnant when she suffered a recurrence of cancer. When she became critically ill, she (with the support of her doctors, her husband, and her parents) decided that everything should be done to keep her alive for as long as possible. The hospital called an emergency hearing to determine the rights of the fetus. A lawyer appointed for the fetus argued that the fetus had a right to life. Even though it was understood that moving Carder from intensive care against her will, bringing her to a surgical ward, and making her submit to the surgery could kill her, Carder was forced to have the operation.
Neither Angela Carder nor her fetus survived. An appellate court eventually held that these actions were wrong, but not before Ms. Carder lost her right to life.
As Carder case illustrates, the proposed amendment would give those who disagree with a pregnant woman's medical decisions the authority — if not the obligation — to intervene and to subject pregnant women to emergency court hearings, and the arrests — total deprivation of liberty — necessary to hold them down and carry out involuntary surgery and state ordered treatments. In this regard, Measure 1 might be better known as “The No Rights to Due Process, Liberty, Medical Decision-making, or Privacy for Pregnant People” Amendment.
Measure 1 would justify stripping women of rights from the moment they become pregnant in the name of “protecting” the right to life of fertilized eggs, embryos, and fetuses. Our research documents cases throughout the United States in which claims of rights of the unborn informed the state's actions. In Iowa, a pregnant woman who fell down a flight of stairs was arrested for attempted feticide. In Utah, a woman gave birth to twins; one was stillborn. She was arrested for murder based on the argument that her decision to delay having cesarean surgery was the reason for the stillbirth. In Wisconsin, Wyoming, New York, and South Carolina, women who drank alcohol while pregnant have been arrested for child abuse.
When challenged, such cases are often dismissed because state laws do not actually authorize the arrest. Yet, these and other cases demonstrate that if Measure 1 passes, pregnant women who experience a miscarriage or stillbirth or otherwise are alleged to harm or even risk harm to the fertilized eggs, embryos, or fetuses they carry would face the threat of prosecution and incarceration.
The prospect of arrest raises its own concerns and additional ideas for more accurate names for North Dakota's Measure 1, i.e., the “Provide Incentives for Women to Abort Otherwise Wanted Pregnancies” or “Discourage Women from Trusting their Doctors” Amendment.
Here, we can look to North Dakota itself. A pregnant woman was arrested while approximately twelve weeks pregnant. She was arrested and charged with reckless endangerment based on the claim that by inhaling paint fumes she was creating a substantial risk of serious bodily injury or death to a “person,” her unborn child. While she was sitting in jail, her brother was quoted in court records as saying “I believe she is contemplating an abortion in order to have the charge of reckless endangerment dismissed.” She obtained release from jail long enough to obtain an abortion, and indeed the prosecutor dropped the charges citing the fact that there was no longer a need for the prosecution because she had “terminated her pregnancy.”
Coerced abortions — not an end to abortions — are the more likely result of giving the state the power to lock up or tie down pregnant women who disagree with doctor's advice or fail to overcome addictions or other health problems in the short length of pregnancy.
To oppose North Dakota Amendment, Measure 1 is not to deny the value of unborn life as a matter of religious belief, emotional conviction, or personal experience. Rather, it is to recognize that should this amendment pass, it will affect all pregnant women including those who have no interest in ending their pregnancies. As our research shows, violations of pregnant and parenting women's rights and dignity would not only be possible under Measure 1, but inevitable. That isn't good for anyone. Indeed, we hereby rechristen North Dakota ballot measure, “Bad for Pregnant Women, Children, and Families.”
This post has been updated.
Lynn M. Paltrow, J.D., is the Founder and Executive Director of National Advocates for Pregnant Women (NAPW). As Executive Director of NAPW, Ms. Paltrow combines legal advocacy, public education, state and national organizing, research, and policy work to secure the human and civil rights, health and welfare of all women, focusing particularly on those who are pregnant and parenting, and whose race, class, drug use or mental health make them most vulnerable to state control and punishment. She is a frequent guest lecturer and writer for popular press, law reviews, and other scholarly venues. A former Hays Civil Liberties Fellow and Women's Law and Public Policy Fellow at Georgetown, she has been honored with the Drug Policy Alliance's Justice Gerald Le Dain Award for Achievement in the Field of Law, and the National Women's Health Network's Barbara Seaman Award for Activism in Women's Health.
Jeanne Flavin is a Professor of Sociology at Fordham University. She wrote the award-winning Our Bodies, Our Crimes: Policing Women's Reproduction in America (NYU, 2009), is co-editor of Race, Gender, and Punishment: From Colonialism to the War on Terror (Rutgers, 2007), and has authored more than two dozen other scholarly publications. She is the 2013 recipient of the Sociologists for Women in Society's Feminist Activism Award. Currently, she serves as president of the board of directors for National Advocates for Pregnant Women.
—
Gualberto Garcia Jones, an attorney for Personhood USA, an anti-abortion group, speaks on Tuesday, March 15, 2011, at a North Dakota Senate Judiciary Committee hearing in the Brynhild Haugland Room of the North Dakota Capitol in Bismarck, N.D. Jones supports legislation that says a fertilized egg, or zygote, is a human being and provides legal protections for it. (AP Photo)
Animals are being accidentally euthanized and getting poor medical treatment at city-controlled shelters, a former Animal Care and Control vet charges in a new lawsuit.
Dr. Njeri Cruse claims dogs and cats suffered during her two-year stint as ACC's medical director because she was repeatedly undermined by a pencil-pushing administrator who ignored her medical advice.
She alleges that ACC Executive Director Charlene Pedrolie, who left the agency in 2009, “would often dismiss or override medical decisions, which I made, without sufficient knowledge and with no sound justification.”
Pedrolie ignored complaints about a Manhattan shelter staffer who repeatedly made mistakes about “euthanasia decisions,” the suit claims.
When the staffer sent a pooch that should have been reunited with its worried owner to the death chamber, Cruse complained, but Pedrolie allegedly told her to mind her own business.
Cruse said she was forced to resign in 2007, after nine years at ACC, because she was being undermined.
Cruse, who is seeking unspecified damages for her forced departure, declined to comment on the court papers.
Animal Care and Control declined to comment on the pending litigation.
A sequel to Andaz Apna Apna to be produced by Preeti Sinha and Phantom Films, will roll by year-end with either Vikas Bahl or Vikramaditya Motwane as director.Twenty two years after its release, the cult classic Andaz Apna Apna is all set to go forward without its original leads, Aamir Khan, Salman Khan, Raveena Tandon and Karisma Kapoor. Even the director, Rajkumar Santoshi, will not be a part of Part 2. Preeti Sinha, the daughter of producer Vinay Sinha, has given the rights to Phantom Films and will be collaborating with them on the project. Preeti has already joined hands with Phantom on Super 30 mathematician Anand Kumar's biopic.According to a source close to the development, the film will roll towards the year-end with a fresh cast. “It will be an in-house director at the helm, if not Vikas (Queen and Shaandaar director Vikas Bahl), it will be Vikram (Vikramaditya Motwane of Udaan and Lootera fame),” adds the source.The original was released in 1994 and revolved around two conmen, Amar and Prem, who are vying to woo and wed a rich heiress, Raveena, little knowing that she is really the secretary, Karishma, who has switched identities with her mistress. In another switch, Raveena's uncle, Shyam/Teja (Paresh Rawal in a double role) passes himself off as his twin Ram to repay his debts to Crime Master Gogo. The comedy of errors ends in a rib-tickling standoff. The boys get their girls, the cops get the criminals and Ram gets his identity back.After two intense films, Ghayal and Damini, Santoshi scripted this madcap romp with Aamir and Salman as the human Tom and Jerry. Shakti Kapoor landed the role of a lifetime when Tinnu Anand turned down Gogo because of date issues. The actors improvised on the sets and the result was a laugh riot whose appeal hasn't dimmed in two decades.Despite its endearing popularity, the film hasn't spawned any remakes or sequel. But now a follow-up is on. “The script is locked. It has been developed by Vivek Soni and Hardik Mehta who won a National Award this year for his non-feature film on kite flying in Ahmedabad, Amdavad Ma Famous, under the creative supervision of Vikas. It's a super script and promises loads of fun,” the source concludes.
Oklahoma House Candidate Lists Online Porn in Campaign Expense Report
The guy pictured above is Jason Reese. He's a Republican running for State House District 83.
From what I can tell, Jason has all the qualifications you'd look for in an Oklahoma conservative political candidate. He's a former lawyer for the Oklahoma GOP. He has the support of the local ruling class. He writes blog postings for the OCPA. And most importantly, he's a fan of good old-fashioned BDSM internet pornography!
Well, at least he is according to a general expenditures form he filed with the Oklahoma Ethics Commission. We acquired it via the Ogle Mole Network. Check it out:
That's crazy! Had I known online porn viewing was a legitimate campaign expense, I would have run for public office long time ago!
For research purposes, I opened the Incognito browser and googled “Hotwife Chloe Needs To Be Punished.” Here's the safest image I could find:
Since I'm not in the mood to be blacklisted by Google, I'm going to hold off on linking to the video. It's not hard to find. If you have any troubles, just ask your local Oklahoma lawmaker. I'm sure they'll gladly help you.
I stopped by Jason's house last night to get a comment and ask him why a “New Sensations” online porn title appeared on his expense report. When I knocked on the door, he yelled a very rushed “Just a minute! Don't come in. One sec!”
Actually, I'm joking. We did not contact Jason or go to his house. Why waste everyone's time when you know he's going to pull a Ted Cruz and blame it all on a staffer?
Anyway, you can view the entire report on the Ethics Commission website. The title appears in both the initial and revised second-quarter filing. If you know of any other lawmakers who are trying to expense porn for their campaign, send us an email.
===
Update: I was right!
In one corner of the glassy space was a grandfather clock, probably about 8 feet tall, constructed by one of the students out of brightly colored plastic pieces. (Right.) On the hour, a little white ball would roll down a chute, tripping levers to ring a small chime. Upstairs in one of the science rooms was a 3-D printer, a rough-and-ready contraption that, with a little more luck, is approaching the final stages of actually printing something. Another of the students, a senior, had made it himself. I recognized several other students whom I had seen performing in an after-school stage production, one dressed as Eco-Man in blue and green tights, cape, and mask.
MSMS is a public boarding school in Columbus, occupying a few of the more modest buildings on the grounds of the elegant Mississippi University for Women, is called “The W”. The men who have enrolled at The W since it became co-ed, say they always have a time explaining themselves to those not in the know.
Columbus is a small town of about 25,000 people midway down the state, near the border with Alabama. Many of the buildings on the main streets are under renovation, and some of the antebellum homes are still occupied by the families who built them. The 228 students at MSMS this year, all juniors and seniors, come from all over the state to spend their last two years of high school studying accelerated sciences, math, and computer courses, as well as a rich selection of arts and humanities.
When I visited MSMS recently, I asked some of the students what they liked about their school and how it was different from the schools they came from.
A black girl from a nearby town, even smaller than Columbus, said that her high school was all black, and she appreciated being in a diverse environment. A white girl from a larger town in the south of the state said that her school, a private school, had been all white, and she appreciated being in a diverse environment. “My roommate is from India,” she said, “I had never met someone from India before.” A black boy from Columbus said his high school had been somewhat mixed, but it was really all about football. He said he appreciated being in a place where football didn't dominate everything. And they all talked about opportunity, opportunity, opportunity.
At MSMS, 27 percent of the students are black; 18 percent are Asian; 11 percent are mixed; 44 percent are white. Students find their way here from all over Mississippi, from big towns like Hattiesburg and small ones you can barely find on a map. The admissions recruiters fan out all over the state, working particularly hard in the impoverished delta region. While I heard that sometimes their reception is enthusiastic, other times—when there can be dismay at draining some of the best and brightest from a school or when there is a perception that their own school isn't good enough—the reception is less welcoming.
Where does your weed come from?
New Zealand boasts one of the highest rates of marijuana consumption in the world, yet most users have little insight into the local black market that facilitates the sale and purchase of their favourite herb.
This video will change all that.
In this documentary, director SIMBA dives deep into New Zealand's illegal cannabis scene to find out exactly how the industry works and what the risks are for those involved. Anonymous interviews with cannabis growers, dealers and users reveal the inner workings of the cultivation and distribution process, while exploring what motivates people to break the law in the name of weed.
Of course, it's all but impossible to have a meaningful dialogue about weed without touching on its political and social impact, and this video is no exception. John Lord, a Kiwi-born legal cannabis dealer now living in Colorado, discusses how medical marijuana has benefited the people in his community from both a social and economic perspective – and he's not exaggerating. In 2016, Colorado sold more than US$1.3 billion of regulated marijuana, resulting in almost US$200 million in tax revenue that is being channeled into schools, agriculture, the environment and more.
The video also contains a healthy dose of information on the medical uses of cannabis and explores the pros and cons of various smoking methods.
I must-watch for anyone with an interest in New Zealand weed.
Go here for part two.
[interaction id=”58ecd2ba240e61ee26bf0bc6″]
Directed by SIMBA
I am a fan of transit maps, but in San Jose, the light rail system is two lines and a little stub. There doesn't seem to be much consistent bus service, either. Instead, San Jose is a city built around a set of highways. So I built this Harry Beck-style transit map of San Jose's transportation system.
It is designed for printing on a sheet of US letter paper as a quick reference. I'm confident that a better resource would opt for a display of the major roads that comprise the irregular street grid, so you can see what flows to where, turning in upon itself and changing names along the way. I might even build a map like that, but for now, I just wanted to blow a mind or three by rendering highways as if they were a transit system in a clearly iconic fashion.
Incomplete interchanges have been omitted, and I'm sure there's an error in there somewhere.
The fare? An automobile and a licensed driver!
Links: PNG: 3300×2550, PDF: 8.5x11in, Inkscape SVG (source)
Update 2011-08-19: Dixon Landing moved North of CA237, San Tomas spelled correctly.
Update 2012-06-26: For a future project, check out code by Andrew Godwin for his “Twin Tubes” map.
Update 2013-05-23: John Galantini has rendered a Tube Map using HTML and CSS, which is utterly amazing. For example, the little wheelchairs are a list of items, each representing say, the wheels, the back, the arm, all rendered using the CSS box model.
This week, Google Maps began trialling a new feature that provided users with estimates of how many calories they could burn by walking a route – and the equivalent number of mini cupcakes this is.
But the feature has been slammed by many users, who have deemed it 'reckless' and claim it encourages fat-shaming.
Following the backlash, Google has confirmed that it will remove the calorie-estimating feature this evening.
Scroll down for video
This week, Google Maps began trialling a new feature that provided users with estimates of how many calories they could burn by walking a route – and the equivalent number of mini cupcakes this is
THE CONTROVERSIAL FEATURE The new feature displays both the estimated time to walk to a destination and the number of calories that would be burned. Tapping on the route also reveals how many mini cupcakes the calories amount to. For example, MailOnline tested the feature based on the route from our offices to the Science Museum. The app estimates that it will take 19 minutes to walk there, in which time we would burn off 86 calories – the equivalent of one mini cupcake.
The experimental feature was rolled out to some iOS users this week.
When users input their chosen destination, the Google Maps app offers various types of transport, including driving, public transport, walking or getting a taxi.
And with the new feature, along with the estimated time to walk to a destination is the number of calories that would be burned.
Tapping on the route also reveals how many mini cupcakes the calories amount to.
For example, MailOnline tested the feature based on the route from our London offices to the Science Museum.
The app estimates that it will take 19 minutes to walk there, in which time we would burn off 86 calories – the equivalent of one mini cupcake.
Anne Richard tweeted: 'I truly can't wrap my head around how thoughtless and reckless this is as an automatic feature! Especially with no intuitive way to opt out'
While some people welcomed this exercise incentive, others have criticised the unsolicited health advice.
Some people pointed out that the number of calories burned will vary depending on height and weight, while others were furious that there was no obvious way to opt-out.
Anne Richard tweeted: 'I truly can't wrap my head around how thoughtless and reckless this is as an automatic feature! Especially with no intuitive way to opt out.'
Khushb Shah shared a screenshot of the cupcake counter, along with the caption: 'Thank you for shaming me for my mini cupcake consumption Google Maps!'
Megan Westgate tweeted: 'Anyone else feels like the Google Maps mini cupcake feature reinforces the idea that all exercise must be atonement for the sin of eating?'
And Megan Westgate added: 'Anyone else feels like the Google Maps mini cupcake feature reinforces the idea that all exercise must be atonement for the sin of eating?'
Following the backlash, Google has taken the decision to remove the feature.
A Google rep told TechCrunch that the decision was 'based on strong user feedback' and starting this evening, the feature will no longer appear in Google Maps for iOS.
IT would seem unlikely that 2017 could be any more extraordinary than 2016 was for footy.
The remarkable story of the Western Bulldogs. The year of Patrick Dangerfield going even better than expected for the new Cat. Throw in a frantic and stunning trade period and we had almost everything.
And yet next season will certainly provide its own surprises with the first ever AFL Women's season kicking it all off plus some absolutely fascinating storylines to look out for.
Here are our 17 fearless predictions for footy in 2017.
THE GARY ABLETT TRADE SAGA WILL LIVE THROUGH THE YEAR
IN Gary Ablett's final season at Geelong, the footy world was full of chatter over his potential move to Gold Coast. We may see a mirror of that in 2017.
Ablett requested a trade back to the Cats before this past trade period with reports suggesting he could accept a massive pay cut to return home — something Geelong would desperately need given their salary cap constraints.
Both the romantics and the realists will point to how the move could help both sides as the Suns look to move past a difficult phase and the Cats make an all-in push for a premiership.
HAWTHORN WILL RISK MISSING THE FINALS
ON average each season we see two changes to last year's top eight. North Melbourne is one that most expect, given they won 12 games last year — three fewer than the Bulldogs who finished seventh.
So with multiple young teams on the rise, could we Hawthorn drops out of the finals places in 2017?
It's not as crazy as it sounds. The Hawks won all six of their games decided by a goal or less in the home and away season — teams don't do that every year, not even Hawthorn.
While they did win 17 games, the Hawks' percentage was the third-worst of the top eight sides. Plus, what if Jaeger O'Meara and Tom Mitchell can't immediately replace Sam Mitchell and Jordan Lewis?
We didn't think Fremantle would fall out either — and they went from 17 wins one year to just four the next. Even if the Hawks drop three or four games more compared to 2016, they could be at risk.
FINALS DROUGHTS WILL BE BROKEN
THERE are Melbourne fans entering Grade 5 in 2017 who haven't seen their club play finals, while the St Kilda kids about to start prep are the same way.
Both droughts could end next season. St Kilda won 12 games in 2016, the same number as North Melbourne, missing out only on percentage. Melbourne won 10 but had a better percentage which is generally a better indicator of team quality.
The Demons and Saints are young and hungry sides who are clearly on the rise — only history says they can't feature in September next season.
It won't be talent that could stop Melbourne from playing finals in 2017. Source: Getty Images
ADELAIDE WILL BE A FLAG CONTENDER
THINGS could have been much different for Adelaide if not for Round 23's loss to West Coast.
A victory in that Thursday night home game could have given the Crows a home qualifying final — instead they were forced to travel to Sydney where they lost their semi-final to the Swans.
But Adelaide was one of the best teams statistically last year and in their second season under Don Pyke should continue to improve. Their home ground advantage is a solid one and surely next season 16 wins — their 2016 mark — will be enough for a top four spot. That would put them right in the flag race.
CHRIS FAGAN WILL BE THE BRENDON BOLTON OF 2017
BRISBANE appears to have finally bottomed out, given how remarkably young their list is, while injuries also took their toll in 2016.
But with a new coach at the helm the Lions could be the Carlton of this past season. The Blues won three more games than in their wooden spoon year of 2015 but looked much more structured than in previous seasons and had a clear game plan — defend and bring teams into close games.
Brisbane was historically bad defensively in 2016 with Justin Leppitsch admitting the team was more focused on scoring than stopping the other team from doing so. A philosophical flip from his replacement Chris Fagan could be on the cards meaning we could see the Lions be more competitive throughout the season.
TOM BOYD WILL HAVE A BREAKOUT SEASON, CLOKE WON'T SECURE A SPOT
THINK of this as a little bit of history repeating.
Back in 2011, Tom Hawkins arguably played the best game of his career in the Cats' grand final victory over Collingwood, with a commanding three goal and 19 disposal performance. The next year he kicked 62 goals.
Expect a similar thing from grand final hero Tom Boyd next season. His near best on ground performance against the Swans signalled the No. 1 draft pick's arrival.
And don't expect Travis Cloke to find it easy to cement a spot in the Bulldogs' best 22 with Boyd on fire. The return of the suspended Stewart Crameri will only add an extra layer of difficulty for the former Magpie.
Take the reigning premiers and add Travis Cloke... do you get success or a shocker? Source: News Corp Australia
NORTH MELBOURNE WILL REGRET MORE THAN ONCE LETTING BRENT HARVEY GO
AND more than once Brad Scott will be asked about it at a press conference after a loss.
The 432-game player kicked 36 goals in 2016 — the most he'd ever booted in his 21 AFL seasons. Only emerging tall forward Ben Brown (41) and Lindsay Thomas (37) kicked more goals for North Melbourne.
But it won't just be Boomer's goal kicking prowess that the Kangaroos will miss. How about his pinpoint precision kicks that are perhaps only rivalled by Sam Mitchell? Or his ability to find the footy when the game hangs in the balance?
Harvey might be asking these exact same questions when mentoring the club's young brigade of midfielders next year.
FREMANTLE WILL WIN ITS FIRST FLAG
BUT it certainly won't be the men's team.
Instead, expect a Michelle Cowan-lead outfit to take out the top honour in the inaugural AFLW competition. With the best of Western Australia's talent at her disposal, Cowan arguably has an advantage over her Victorian rivals, with the talent pool diluted between Carlton, Collingwood, Melbourne and the Western Bulldogs.
And so while Ross Lyon was poached from St Kilda to deliver the most heartfelt rendition of Freo Way To Go, the honour may very well go to the ladies. Girl power!
SAM MITCHELL WILL GO BACK-TO-BACK IN THE BROWNLOW
YES, we know Mitchell didn't win the 2016 Brownlow. But, along with Trent Cotchin, he was the last player awarded a Brownlow Medal. So technically he can go back-to-back.
And who would put it past the four-time premiership player? As he conceded last month, his 2012 Brownlow year wasn't his best. If anything, he's unlucky not to be a multiple winner.
Making this feat more achievable will be his lack of premiership teammates at West Coast to deprive him of votes.
Sam Mitchell could be awarded two Brownlows within a span of less than 12 months. Source: Getty Images
ALIIR ALIIR WILL WIN THE FIRST OF MANY ALL-AUSTRALIAN HONOURS
ONE of the breakout players of 2016, Aliir is one of the coolest movers in the game.
He intercepts, wins his own ball and is dynamic in the air. And when he makes a mistake he backs himself at the next contest and invariably wins. And did we mention he plays in the position most in vogue at halfback?
A preliminary final injury prevented Aliir's grand final berth, but he'll be ready to go come Round 1 next season. Expect him to make an impact.
RICHMOND WILL LOSE A GAME IN HEARTBREAKING CIRCUMSTANCES
IT'S inevitable, isn't it?
Last season, we only had to wait until a Round 2 clash with Collingwood before Richmond lost the unlosable — and it's bound to happen again in 2017.
Whether it's via a kick after the siren or giving away a silly free kick late in the game, the Tigers will find some way of disappointing their supporters.
But they always seem to eventually make up for it and, who knows, Sam Lloyd might be on hand to thrill again next season.
THE GWS GIANTS WILL WIN THE FLAG
THEIR football excited the competition in 2016 and everything seems set up for Greater Western Sydney to go one step further next season.
The addition of Brett Deledio was complemented by some handy draft picks, making for a bright future at the Giants.
They were one kick away from a grand final last September and the thought of them claiming a maiden premiership next year isn't unfathomable. They're an unstoppable prospect at their best.
GWS was a step away from a grand final in its first finals appearance in 2016. Source: News Corp Australia
COACHES FEEL THE HEAT
NO coaches were sacked mid-season during 2016, but that's not to say it won't happen next year.
A host of coaches is under pressure and are bound to feel the heat in the box. Nathan Buckley must finally improve a promising Collingwood list, Ken Hinkley must show that Port Adelaide isn't a one-trick pony, while Brad Scott will be made to handle one of the youngest squads in the competition.
We can only hope all 18 senior coaches thrive under the increased pressure throughout the season.
GOING BACKWARDS TO GO FORWARD
CARLTON showed great signs in 2016 under first-year coach Brendon Bolton, but Blues fans know too well that sometimes you have to go backwards to go forwards.
As the club's list build continues, the squad keeps getting younger, making it undoubtedly harder for the Blues to achieve results.
List manager Stephen Silvagni has already forecast a difficult season ahead, given the age demographic of the playing group, so don't be surprised to see them around the bottom in 2017.
FYFE WILL END THE YEAR IN SAINTS COLOURS
MAKE no mistake — this is what St Kilda is planning for.
Nat Fyfe will be the hottest free agent prospect in town throughout 2017 and speculation surrounding his future is bound to continue, unless he pens a new contract. But how the Saints would love him in their colours by the end of the year.
The club has loads of room in its salary cap, has consistently stated they are looking to snare a big fish and, with two first-round draft picks up its sleeve, has the ability to trade for Fyfe should the Dockers match any free agency bid. Watch this space.
Nat Fyfe hasn't faced St Kilda since 2014, but could he pull a reverse Ross Lyon and be in their colours at the end of 2017? Source: News Corp Australia
ANOTHER CHAPTER TO THE COMEBACK STORY
MANY have tipped Essendon to immediately return to finals footy in 2017, but don't expect it to be easy.
While the Bombers will welcome back a host of quality players from 12-month suspensions, they will be forced to bed in with many footballers they have never played with. Creating chemistry, in addition to finding their feet after a year out of the game, might take its time.
The Dons undoubtedly have a quality young list. But perhaps supporters should temper expectations — at least throughout pre-season.
AFL FINALLY SWITCHES TO A TWILIGHT GRAND FINAL
LEAGUE boss Gillon McLachlan said it himself a couple of months ago — “it's inevitable”.
The AFL made multiple changes to the structure of the end of the season in 2016, adding a bye before the first week of finals and combining that with a Thursday night elimination final. But the chatter over moving the Grand Final to a night or, more likely, twilight timeslot is only intensifying.
With Good Friday footy finally arriving in 2017, the next big move is to follow along with the other major codes and push the season decider back for television purposes. It will happen at some point — so why not now?
Ben Bajarin, writing for Techpinions:
We used every available resource to track down as many AirPod owners as we could. In the end, we found 942 people willing to take our study and share their thoughts on Apple's latest product.
The big story is customer satisfaction with AirPods is extremely high. 98% of AirPod owners said they were very satisfied or satisfied. Remarkably, 82% said they were very satisfied. The overall customer satisfaction level of 98% sets the record for the highest level of satisfaction for a new product from Apple. When the iPhone came out in 2007, it held a 92% customer satisfaction level, iPad in 2010 had 92%, and Apple Watch in 2015 had 97%.
While the overall satisfaction number is remarkable, a second question we asked of these owners stood out even more. We used a standard benchmark question called a Net Promoter Score, which ranks a consumer's willingness to recommend the product to others. This ranking is on a scale of 0 to 10 with 10 being extremely likely to recommend and 0 being not likely at all to recommend. It was this number that surprised me. Apple's Net Promoter Score for AirPods came back as 75. To put that into context, the iPhone's NPS number is 72. Product and NPS specialists will tell you anything above 50 is excellent and anything above 70 is world class. According to Survey Monkey's Global Benchmark of over 105,000 organizations who have tested their NPS, the average is an NPS of 39.
Former attorney general Loretta Lynch speaks at the New York Historical Society on June 20, 2017, in New York City. (Photo11: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee leaders said Friday they are seeking information about former attorney general Loretta Lynch's alleged efforts to stifle the FBI's investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while Clinton was secretary of State.
A spokesman for Lynch said the former attorney general "will cooperate fully with this inquiry and respond directly to the Senate Judiciary Committee."
“Ms. Lynch is a committed public servant who has dedicated much of her career to the Department of Justice and led the department as attorney general in the fair and impartial administration of justice," spokesman Robert Raben said Friday.
The bipartisan inquiry comes as the panel is looking into the circumstances surrounding President Trump's firing of former FBI director James Comey. Comey was in charge of the FBI's investigation of the Clinton email probe and of a separate probe of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials.
Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's senior Democrat, sent a letter to Lynch this week requesting information. They were joined by Sens. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., chairman of the Crime and Terrorism Subcommittee, and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, the subcommittee's senior Democrat.
The committee, in a statement released Friday by Grassley and Graham, cited an April story by The New York Times reporting that the FBI came into possession of a batch of hacked documents, including one authored by a "Democratic operative who expressed confidence that Ms. Lynch would keep the Clinton investigation from going too far." After reading that story, Grassley requested a copy of the document from the Justice Department, which he said never responded.
A month later, The Washington Post reported that the email had been sent by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., in her former role as the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, to Leonard Benardo of the Open Society Foundation, an international grantmaking network founded by Democratic mega-donor and businessman George Soros. That email, according to the Post, indicated that Lynch had privately assured Clinton campaign staffer Amanda Renteria that the FBI's investigation wouldn't "go too far."
"Comey was reportedly concerned that the communication would raise doubts about the investigation's independence and began discussing plans to announce the end of the Clinton email investigation rather than simply referring it to the Department (of Justice) for a prosecutorial decision," the committee's statement said. "Comey's extraordinary action to announce the end of the investigation was a break from Justice Department protocol, and was later cited as justification (by the White House) for his removal from the FBI."
Read more:
Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee earlier this month that he had a troubling exchange with then-attorney general Lynch about the Clinton email investigation. He said Lynch told him: “Don't call it that (an investigation). Call it a matter. Just call it a matter.''
He said the direction gave the “impression'' that the government was aligning its work with the Clinton campaign.
“It gave me a queasy feeling,'' Comey testified.
Comey was widely criticized by Republicans last year for publicly announcing in July that, although Clinton was "extremely careless" in how she handled classified information, there was no evidence that she intended to break the law and he would not seek any charges against her.
The former FBI director angered Democrats a few months later when he announced in October the had reopened the Clinton email investigation because some of Clinton's emails were found on computers seized in an unrelated investigation of former congressman Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., who was married to Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Clinton's supporters believe that announcement severely damaged Clinton's presidential campaign just weeks before the November election. Comey informed Congress just days before the election that the emails contained no new information.
In addition to seeking information from Lynch, the Judiciary Committee leaders wrote letters to Benardo, Renteria and Gail Scovell, the general counsel for the Open Society Foundation, seeking details about the reported emails and copies of any related documents. It also asks them whether FBI officials contacted them to investigate the alleged communications.
The committee, which is also probing possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials during the 2016 election, noted that its latest inquiry comes "amidst numerous allegations of political inference in controversial and high-profile investigations spanning the current and previous administrations."
Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that Trump asked him to back off the FBI's investigation of Michael Flynn, the president's former national security adviser.
"The Senate Judiciary Committee has jurisdiction over the FBI and Justice Department and is obliged to oversee any potential misconduct or inappropriate political influence at these agencies," the committee statement said.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2sZJczk
ORDERING packages online comes with pitfalls.
There's always a worry that you won't be in to greet your prized parcel and you'll have to join and endless queue at the post office.
SJCooke94/Twitter 3 Sam received a note from his postman saying he had dropped the package through an open window
Or, worse still, they'll try and leave it somewhere helpful for you and it'll be damaged/stolen by the time you're back.
OR, an even bigger nightmare is the note announcing your package is with a helpful neighbour, who you usually try not to make eye-contact with and now you have to march up and ring on their doorbell.
No one wants that.
SJCooke94/Twitter 3 A follow-up note revealed the package had actually gone down the toilet
One Twitter user had his own unique run-in with dodgy parcel delivery yesterday.
Sam Cooke took to the micro-blogging site to post a picture of the two notes he was left to inform him that he hadn't been home when the postman had delivered his package.
MOST READ IN LIVING Bow down Bizarre 'Unwrap me' body ribbon is now available on ASOS for £16... but would YOU wear it? Frock horror Jemma Lucy's most outrageous outfits - from a see-through mesh dress to a see-through jumpsuit NEWS FLASH TV host Jenny Scordamaglia's most outrageous on-camera outfits, from daringly low-cut tops to nothing but BODY PAINT A FASHION HUMP? As our high streets prepare for the arrival of camel toe pants... we ask Brits whether the bizarre new trend for fuller frontals will take off TUMMY TROUBLES From IBS to Crohn's disease and cancer, what your bloating, wind and tummy pain REALLY means Frocking nightmare Do eBay prom dresses EVER look like the photos? We test 7 budget-friendly gowns
The first read "put through window" but the second follow up said: "I'm really sorry I think your parcel might have fallen in the toilet accidentally."
The funny tweeter also included a picture of his sad looking package sitting in the toilet bowl.
The hilarious update has received more than 3,000 likes and more than 2,000 retweets since he posted it at 6.32pm yesterday.
SJCooke94/Twitter 3 Sam later revealed that the package was too wide to touch the water so was safe
Fellow tweeters found the picture side-splittingly funny.
One said: "Made my day! Hahahahaha"
While another added: "That is amazing."
Made my day! Hahahahaha — Sean Bailey (@SeanBailey_7) March 30, 2017
If you're concerned about the safety of Sam's package you can rest easy, in a follow-up post he said: "Thought someone was winding me up, how mad is that? box was too wide to hit the water though it's safe."
The Royal Mail have responded to the message to apologise for the incident.
They said: "Hi Sam, I'm so sorry they've popped it through the window. We're following so please DM & we'll do what we can to help out & get this sorted."
Hi Sam, I'm so sorry they've popped it through the window. We're following so please DM & we'll do what we can to help out & get this sorted — Royal Mail (@RoyalMail) March 31, 2017
If you're keen to know what was in the brown packet, we can reveal it was printer ink and that is it safe and fully functional. Phew.
But while this delivery man struggled to complete this duty, an Irish postman went above and beyond to deliver a Christmas card with a ridiculously complicated address.
IT ALL WENT WRONG WITH STAR WARS...
We love Star Wars, but this is about the impact it had. Before then, science fiction films were often quirky, created by mavericks with something so unusual to express that only a genre equipped for the fantastic could communicate it. After that...well, look at the state of play now. Bloated, effects-led franchises high in decibels and mostly devoid of heart and spark.
There are delightful exceptions of course - Moon and Monsters are two of our reference points. And we see White Lily as existing within that tradition, which also in our view points back to classics like Silent Running and Dark Star. ('We' = me - writer Adrian Reynolds - and director Tristan Ofield.)
ABOUT US, AND OUR FILM
At its core, White Lily is a simple story. One that takes a situation you've seen before and does something different with it. In a genre that's all about what's alien, we want to explore what it is to be human.
There are other people I could have worked with. But to realise a vision you need people who connect with it, and that's what unites the White Lily team. Director Tristan Ofield has a keen eye for visual storytelling, which when combined with Director of Photography Alistair Little's uncanny ability to work with light produces breathtaking results. With White Lily, we're excited to be taking that to the next level with the possibility of shooting on 35mm. (And if not, we'll be using great pro equipment anyway.)
Actors Siddhii Lagrutta and David McCaffrey had worked with Adrian on his supernatural thriller serial Making Sparks, and have notched up an impressive collection of appearances on stage and screen.
Darren Bourne and Dick Hetherington create sophisticated electronica as odD, and have collaborated with creators in other artforms. I knew their meticulous leftfield approach to audio would result in unique sound for White Lily. They're joined by Sounds of Gladness in doing remixes for the downloadable EP that's one of our rewards. Extracts are featured in this video, starting with Siddhii's vocal, which is used as the basis of the other versions.
Max Crow is the immensely gifted director and animation whizz at the National Space Centre. His work on their planetarium shows is jawdropping, and thanks to his friendship with Tristan he's going to be sprinkling some stardust over White Lily. (Stardust is a technical term.)
NOW WE'VE REACHED THE MINIMUM WE NEED, LET'S LOOK AT STRETCH GOALS
These stretch goals are not set in stone. They're an indicator of what we plan to make available, and we'll make definitive decisions once we know for sure how much money we have available. Put it this way: no one will go away empty handed.
STRETCH GOAL #1 £5000
Film festivals are a great way to get attention for what we're doing. And if we're lucky, White Lily will win a prize and get more of a buzz. Reaching this target allows us to enter at least a dozen festivals around the world.
BONUS: annotated script in PDF form.
STRETCH GOAL #2 £6000
Having a film at a festival is cool. Being there in person is even better. Meeting this goal allows us to be at one or more festivals in person. And with it, increase our chance of meeting allies for the future.
BONUS: podcast after you've received your copy of the film. The White Lily team will talk about the film, and answer questions.
STRETCH GOAL #3 £7000
Writing a script starts off with a solid treatment, the document outlining the story.The first one Adrian wrote won a competition that introduced him to Four Weddings & A Funeral producer Tim Bevan. Lightning probably won't strike twice, but without a treatment it's that much harder to write the script.
BONUS: PDF copy of a Making Of White Lily book - only with a better title than that - lavishly illustrated and beautifully designed by Andy Tudor.
STRETCH GOAL #4 £8000
Tristan gets to spend time developing the look of the film, working up mood boards and concept art. All this helps in meetings with potential financiers, to give them a feel for what they're buying into.
BONUS: Tristan does an online show and tell about the filming and editing of White Lily.
STRETCH GOAL #5 £9000
Adrian cracks into the script. Any writer will tell you that there's no such thing as a good first draft. That may not always be true, but one thing is for real: screenwriting takes time. And coffee. Both of which have to be paid for.
BONUS: Tristan will direct a music video for odD featuring White Lily content...which will also be a DVD bonus feature.
STRETCH GOAL #6 £10,000
We've got Adrian some coffee so he can stay up late listening to whatever weird music will help him get in the mood for the feature script. How about he has some biscuits too? And sets up some meetings when it's all done so he and Tristan can start to promote the project.
BONUS: superbly designed hard copy of the Making Of White Lily book as designed by Andy Tudor. Featuring, as well as behind-the-scenes photos, concept art, and anecdotes, a full list of those who've supported us on Kickstarter. UK only.
THE THINGS PEOPLE SAY
So that we're clear that it's not just us that like the concept...
"Adrian is a writer who always startles with the boldness of his ideas, and impresses with the depth of his humanity. And his new futuristic short White Lily is a beautiful and well-turned tale...a delight to savour." Philip Palmer is a science fiction novelist, scriptwriter, and film producer.
Internationally known artist Carol Robertson is creating a series of unique artworks inspired by White Lily. "I read the script, and when I got to the end I had goosebumps."
Bob Molesworth's art graces comics including Star Wars - The Clone Wars. He's working on a piece for our supporters. "I really enjoyed the script. It was very Philip K. Dick-esque!"
WE'RE THINKING AHEAD
White Lily works just fine in its own right. And it also functions as the precursor for a feature which uses the same core ingredients - a spaceship with a small crew investigating a comet at close quarters - and builds something on a grander scale.
Where we're heading is a story that extrapolates from current world politics and the growing interest in space mining and - takes the audience somewhere you won't...
Oh, look outside - is that a dove out of the window? Pretty dove.
HOW YOU CAN HELP US
White Lily is more than a short film. It's a vision. One we'd love to share with you.
We're raring to go with making the short, and your contributions will make that happen. Soon.
The rewards are pretty self-explanatory. But when it comes to the contribution of artist Carol Robertson PhD, we realised a video would be the best way to get across what she's doing, and just why it's so special.
These are the first of the unique pictures that Carol has created to go along with White Lily, inspired in part by a real white lily that popped up in her garden just as she was readying to do the images. To indicate which you are going to purchase, treat the one below as 1 in a series, the one below it 2, and so on, and mention that to us in a note after you click to buy in the Rewards column.
In these two videos, Carol demonstrates her working methods.
TRACK RECORD
Tristan's last short was an adaption of The Policeman's Story by 'Horrible Histories' author Terry Deary.
"Awesome in every respect. Production, script, acting, editing. The pace and the visuals are quite amazing. You and your team have a terrific talent. Witty and intelligent film-making. I am flattered to have inspired such a miniature masterpiece."
Actress Siddhii Lagrutta was nominated in 2012 for Best Female Performance for Ondine by the Off West End Awards.
David also starred in Adrian's play Breaking In, when he was captivating in the London production, and has TV roles to his credit.
GETTING MORE THAN ONE REWARD
Kickstarter is awesome. We're all agreed on that.
As awesome as it is, it doesn't allow us to do some of the things we'd like to do.
Specifically, we want to make it possible for you to get more than one of our rewards. And we've worked out how.
Now, if you're getting a lot of our rewards you'll get a download or DVD of the film anyway. We're talking here about the other stuff. What if you'd like the EP as well as the t-shirt? How about having your image appear in it to underline your status as a producer, in true Hitchcock style? That kind of thing.
So: here's what to do...
1) work out what you want.
2) calculate the total cost.
3) pledge that amount of money.
4) select the most expensive reward of the ones you've opted for, and click continue.
5) after you've finalised your purchase, click 'Contact Me': it's written in blue under our photo below and to the right of the first video on this page. You can write to us about the other loot you'd like.
In the unlikely event you get your sums wrong, one of two things will happen. If you underestimated the total, you won't get the least expensive reward you wanted and the remainder will be considered a donation. If you overestimate, again anything remaining on top of the reward goes into the coffers for making the film.
HOW WE MADE OUR PITCH VIDEO
A detailed breakdown of how we shot and edited our White Lily introductIon video.
REACH FOR THE STARS
Making White Lily is just the start.
We're also looking to make an impact at film festivals, and extend our network of allies by attending some in person who can help us get a feature made, developed from the same raw materials as the short film.
To do all that, we're going to need money. We're freelancers who put a lot of time and energy into creative projects, and do commercial work to support us to do so.
For us to step up, we need a full screenplay. And they take time to develop and write. Adrian wrote one earlier this year at the same time as a paid gig scripting a fantasy adventure serial, Dragon Run Saga, for app release.
Writing six hours of fantasy drama at the same time as a 90 minute screenplay was...testing. But worth it. And this time round we want to do it properly. To buy some time to devote to a feature script of the same quality others see in the short.
In all, we're asking for £3000 for that purpose. Which is pretty much what Adrian got for writing 30 minutes of Doctors for the BBC. Guess which he'd rather do, and will be three times as long.
We mention this because we know some people have ideas about whether creators should be paid for what they do. Simply, we need to have a quality script as part of a compelling package to pitch the feature and stand a chance of getting it off the ground. And that takes time. Which takes money.
Rimmel Raggae Splash and L'Oréal Confetti Topcoat
I spotted the L'Oréal Confetti Topcoat while on a marathon blog catch up so I can't even say where I got the idea to buy it. All I know is that it immediately went to the top of my shopping list as soon as I saw it and it was the first thing in my basket when I got to Boots.
Here I've layered it on top of Raggae Splash from the Rimmel Salon Pro Kate Moss range. Which I like but something about me isn't in love with it. It could have been my impatience, but I couldn't get it opaque after three coats ... so I'll have to try one more time.
But the top coat I adore! I love the fact the "glitter" is matt and there are three, yes three, sizes inside! The big hexagons, smaller speckles and tiny tiny specks of glitter. Love. Love. Love. I know it will date horribly quick, but until then I'll be wearing it as much as I can. Colour me obsessed!
If you haven't fallen in love with the L'Oréal Confetti Topcoat yet, then check out Makeup Savvy's 5 Ways to use L'Oréal Confetti Topcoat and you'll see why I'm so crazy about it.
How do you feel about the Confetti Topcoat?
Or the new Salon Pro line for that matter?
Lisa
xXx
Riders to watch for 2012
Twelve riders for 2012. Some are riders you will be familiar with, some you might have forgotten about and maybe you will read about some for the first time below.
Established riders
First up, six established riders who are worth watching for in 2012 to see if they can confirm results from the past year.
Jelle Vanendert: loyalty is the word. He was a vital lieutenant for Philippe Gilbert's annus mirabilis but decided to stay with Lotto because apparently he promised his kid brother Dennis he'd ride with him, instead of moving to BMC with Gilbert. His form was surprising, after not winning a race since 2007, he took a stage win in the Tour de France and another second place, both in the high mountains and wore the King of the Mountains jersey. We'll see if he can win more for himself or if he becomes a useful support for Lotto's main GC hope, Jurgen Van den Broeck.
Chris Froome: arguably the most improved rider this year, it'll be interesting to watch what he does in 2012. Just repeating the same kind of performance in the Vuelta would be huge but with more support and confidence, how far can he go?
Rein Taaramäe: 12th overall in the Tour de France, fourth overall in Paris-Nice and a stage win in the Vuelta, Taaramäe continues his progress from prospective talent to real winner. It'll be interesting to see if this trajectory can continue, certainly his Cofidis team will be counting on this and if the Estonian can achieve more in 2012 then a bigger contract and a stronger team await.
Dan Martin: a stage racer or a one day rider? A gifted climber with a Gilbert-esque tolerance of lactic acid, the Irishman finished the season in ninth place on the UCI rankings. A stage of the Vuelta, he took a string of podium places throughout the season. A methodical and intelligent rider, we'll see if he can win more in 2012.
Pierre Rolland: after an outstanding Tour de France many will ask what he can do in 2012. But in fact he's already been the-next-big-thing in French cycling after winning his very first race as a pro in 2007 and going to claim a few wins including the King of the Mountains jersey in the Dauphiné stage race. Nevertheless, the attention from the Tour de France this year was something else and we'll see how he copes with the pressure, the first test should be Paris-Nice.
Thomas Voeckler: Voeckler's made a career of going in breakaways on hilly days and once in a while, winning. A modus operandi if you like. But now his riding in the Tour de France means few will want to let him get up the road. Yet I suspect he'll struggle to become an ice-cool stage racer who saves energy at every opportunity, his temperament won't allow it. So I'm interested to see both how he does and also how the peloton treats him.
Neo pros
I'm going to use a wide definition that includes any rider on a neo-pro contract, in other words this can include a rider who rode as a pro during 2011 and has another year to go under the label in 2012.
Bart De Clercq: you've probably forgotten but De Clerq won a very impressive stage of the Giro d'Italia. I've included the video clip above. Stage 7 had a substantial uphill finish on Montevergine di Mercogliano. Not steep, but when De Clerq jumped away with 7km to go he stayed away to win the stage. Analyse this for a moment and he managed – solo – to hold off a chasing pack with all the race's top riders going full gas. On a climb like this it means he was putting out massive numbers whilst the chasers could benefit from slipstreaming, especially thanks to the work done by Lampre. He only started riding a bike in 2008 so there's surely a lot more to come.
Diego Ulissi: another Giro stage winner, Ulissi is talked about as the new version of Paolo Bettini. The similarities in style and size are obvious and in fact Ulissi is from the same Tuscan town as Bettini. He was outfoxed by Thomas Voeckler in the final stage of Paris-Nice but come the Giro and he beat Giovanni Visconti in a close sprint.
Andrea Guardini: eleven wins in 2011, outstanding for a neo-pro although Marcel Kittel won more and took bigger wins. Still they say Guardini could become Mark Cavendish's biggest rival and the styles are similar, an aero position on the bike and a style that seems to come from the track. His biggest limit is his team, the Farnese Vini squad aren't even sure of a ride in the Giro but are counting on Guardini to secure them race entries. His more modest team though means he gets time to learn his craft, in fact plenty of time since he's signed a contract extension through to the end of 2013 already.
Nikita Novikov: the Russian has joined Vacansoleil, a strange story. Novikov has arguably been the most complete amateur in Europe this season, with wins on the track and in the high mountains alike. You'd think the self-appointed Russian Global Cycling Project would be offering countless roubles to hire Novikov, especially since he was on the Itera-Katusha team, Katusha's development squad.
Luke Durbridge: “Durbo the Turbo” beat Marcel Kittel for a medal in the TT World Championships in Geelong back in 2010. Now we'll see how he fares against Kittel and others in the pro ranks as he's signed with Greenedge. The Aussie squad is packed with sprinters and we'll how often he gets his chance – something Kittel didn't worry about. At the same time, it means plenty of experienced riders to learn from and an atmosphere free of pressure.
Kenny Elissonde: a pure climber, Elissonde made a long breakaway and almost won the U-23 Liège-Bastogne-Liège but was caught on the line. He delivered several other good rides in 2011 including winning the prestigious Ronde de l'Isard stage race in the Pyrenees and duly became a stagiaire with FDJ in August. Normally riders are tested to see how they fit in but Elissonde delivered results. As several big names were warming up for the Vuelta in the Tour of Burgos, Elissonde was twice in the front group in the mountains and took the best young rider whilst only 19.
Conclusion
Some names to watch but remember almost all neo-pros have been winning big across Europe in the amateur ranks. I didn't mention FDJ's U-23 world champion Arnaud Demare although the team expect wins from him right away; I didn't mention Marcel Kittel because he is too obvious. There are many more, some have given some very good tips in the comments, I could pick 20 more.
There's something I enjoy about watching new riders emerge and trying to spot the stars of tomorrow but a lot can happen to a rider in the early years of their career. The promise of new riders, a cast of new actors for the theatre of pro cycling, is as enticing as ever.
When you think of boxers with speed and fast hands Muhammad Ali probably comes to mind. He was a fast boxer with quick punching speed and great agility. Other fast boxers include Prince Naseem Hameed, Floyd Mayweather Jr, Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Paterson. But the thing is they weren't born punching fast and never always had quick hands.
When you increase your punch speed it also increases your reflexes, not only that but it also helps your footwork to get faster and trains your mind to fight quicker. You know what they say, speed Kills!
The best boxers train hard, put in the hard work and discipline themselves everyday day. They are consistent with what they did and train everyday to get faster and improve their punching speed. It doesn't just happen overnight.
With that being said there are exercises and tips you can implement to punch significantly faster and increase your punch speed.
Float Like a Butterfly, Sting Like a Bee
When you look at great boxers like Muhammad Ali or Manny Pacquiao you will notice that they are extremely fast at punching.
Before anything it is important to perfect your technique and mentality to be able to improve your punching speed. First thing you can do is visualise yourself punching faster. This might sound odd or hard at first but this is what some professional boxers do before their boxing match.
If you picture in your head how you want to punch and visualise in your mind punching quicker it will translate to you punching faster in reality.
To do this all you have to do is close your eyes. Once you have closed your eyes imagine you are boxing and are fighting in a boxing match. Imagine yourself punching quick and launching a barrage of punches your opponent can't see, let alone cope with. Do this technique daily while also training and you will notice your punches start to get faster.
You do still have to train hard and practice your punching skills but visualising is the first step to getting quicker punches. Visualising alone will not improve your punching speed.
Increase your Punch Speed
To properly increase your punching speed you have to make sure you punch with the correct technique and style to fully maximise the speed of your punch.
When you throw your punch bring your hand back quickly and back to your guard. It is important to bring back your punch back to your quickly. Keep practising this and you hand and punch will start to get faster.
You can even stand in a difference stance which is suited to punching faster. If you look at Floyd Mayweather for example, he has a different stance which can suits his speed and his style of boxing. He stands with his one hand kinda down with his hands slightly forward. This suits his style of boxing and means he can punch faster.
Because his hands are slightly forward his hands have less space to move and thus meaning he can punch faster and bring his punch back. You can try this technique out and see if it works for you.
Never telegraph your punches and let your opponent know where you are going to punch. This way he or she will be able to anticipate where you are going to punch and either block or counter you with ease.
And always stay relaxed and calm with punching. The worst thing you can do is get worked up over over your punching speed and why you're not punching quick enough. Let your punches come naturally and let them flow naturally.
Exercises you can do to Increase your Punch Speed
Once you have the technique perfected of punching it's time to move on the exercises that you can do to increase your punch speed. You might need some basic equipment, if you haven't got these – go to your local boxing gym or invest some money into them. All in all it won't cost you much and you can get second hand equipment even cheaper from eBay.
Skipping
Skipping is a great exercise and one of the best exercises a boxer can do. Not only does skip improve your stamina but it also tones your body, makes your reflexes quicker and is good for your coordination among many other things. You can get a skipping rope for a few quid from your local sports shop and then away you go.
Pretty much all professional boxers have skipping included in their workout routine. Start skipping today and you will start seeing the benefits real quick.
Shadow Boxing
Shadow boxing is when you start throwing different combinations of punches as if you are fighting an actual opponent. You can throw a number of different punches and combinations.
Aim to punch fast and try punching with as much speed as you can. You can even hold light weights in your hands and start punching. Not only will this tone your arms at the same time but it can increase your punching speed as well.
Speed Bag
The one pro boxers use. You might have seen videos of Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson, Lennox Lewis or any other boxer hitting the speed bag real quick. But the reason they are good and fast is because of the countless amount of hours they have put into training and honing their craft.
It is harder than it looks to hit a speed bag but its not impossible. It's all about following and keeping a rhythm. You should stand reasonably close to the speed bag and hit in in circles make and follow a rhythm, right twice, left twice. Once you get good at it, you can start punching however you want on it.
The speed bag does wonders for your speed , agility and stamina.
Floor to Ceiling Bag
Another thing that is vital in any boxers daily workout routine is the floor to ceiling bag. There's no wonder why boxers utilize this exercise. It has so many benefits to it including increasing accuracy, hand eye coordination, improve dodging and slipping movement, speed, timing and much more. The bag swings back and forth so it makes for realistic training.
Tons of boxers use the Floor to Ceiling bag like Joe Calzaghe, Amir Khan, Mike Tyson and Frank Bruno.
The key to the floor to ceiling bag is to use speed instead of power. Don't try to smash the bag as hard as you can instead try putting combinations together and try punching faster. You might find it hard at first and the bag might be going too quick for you, but use your keep training on it and you will get better. You will find it is great for building accuracy, coordination and speed.
Explosive Exercises
In your workout add some explosive exercises into the mix. Explosive exercises are defined basically as any exercises that make you do quick movements in a short amount of time. These exercises can help build and improve your punching speed.
Clap Push Ups
Clap push ups develop explosive power and speed. To do a clap press up go into press up position and go down when coming back up make an explosive movement and push your upper body up and do a clap when and go back down. Keep doing as many as you can.
via GIPHY
If you're not able to do clap press ups yet then do plyo press ups. Plyo press ups are when you go into press up position, lower your self towards the ground, then in one explosive movement push yourself back, your hands should be off the floor. Doing this exercise also develops your explosive speed.
Squat Jumps
Squat Jumps not only develop explosive speed but they also agility, leg strength and movement. You will notice your significant improvement in your leg strength and speed as well as maneuvering ability.
To do a squat jump all you have to do is first stand up right and straight. Slowly bend your legs and go down so your legs are bent at a 90-degree angle while keeping your back straight. Come back up by explosively jumping up. That is a squat jump.
Overhead Medicine Ball Slam
This one looks kind of easy but after a short while it will tire you out.
Grab a medicine over your head with your arms extended straight all the way. Now slam the medicine ball down against the ground as hard as you can. Pick it back up and repeat.
Use a medicine ball that is heavy enough that you can lift it over your head, but you don't want to make it too heavy. You want to be able to keep doing this movement with the same weight for 30 seconds. Use a medicine ball that doesn't bounce.
If you don't have a medicine ball then improvise and find something that is heavy enough for you to lift over your head but durable enough so when you slam it against the ground it won't break or smash to pieces.
This develops shoulder strength, explosive speed and your core.
Putting it all Together
Now you now what exercises to do and how to do them, its time to put them all together. You can do them in quick bursts of one minute rounds, rest for fifteen seconds and after three rounds have a 30 second break.
So for example you would do skipping for a minute, then rest for fifteen seconds, skipping again for a minute followed by fifteen-second rest, back to skipping for a minute and then a 30 second break.
Skipping 3 rounds
Shadow boxing 2 rounds
Speed bag 3 rounds
Floor to ceiling bag 3 rounds
Speed bag 2 rounds
Floor to Ceiling 2 rounds
Skipping 2 rounds
Clap/Plyo Press Ups 2 rounds
Overhead Medicine Ball Slam 3 rounds
This is just an example workout routine, you can do the exercises however you want. But we do guarantee this, you'll need a bucket after you're done with this workout. Because you're going to be sweating buckets!
Join our free exclusive members club and get tips and advice on boxing and MMA as well as discounts, giveaways, news and more. Get a 30% discount for just signing up. Come and join us!
Senator Elizabeth Warren, furious about President-elect Donald J. Trump's appointments of finance industry insiders, took to Facebook a little over a week ago to fire off a message to her nearly 2.5 million followers.
She took aim at an individual she described as a “hedge fund billionaire” who is “thrilled by Donald Trump's economic team of Wall Street insiders.”
The hedge fund manager she condemned was Whitney Tilson, who runs Kase Capital. Ms. Warren — the fiery Massachusetts Democrat who is known for her stern mistrust of Wall Street — called him out by saying, “Tilson knows that, despite all the stunts and rhetoric, Donald Trump isn't going to change the economic system.” Then she added, “The next four years are going to be a bonanza for the Whitney Tilsons of the world.”
There's one rather glaring problem with Ms. Warren's attack: Mr. Tilson happens to be one of the few financial executives who publicly fought Mr. Trump's election and supported Hillary Clinton. A lifelong Democrat who was involved in helping to start Teach for America, Mr. Tilson also happened to be one of the rare Wall Street executives who had donated to Ms. Warren and actively sought new regulations for the industry. Recently, he gave Mrs. Clinton $1,000 so he could see Ms. Warren speak at a campaign fund-raiser. (He's also far, far from a billionaire.)
This book is parts 1-3 of this series, and still needs to be complete. I'm loving the story so far and am I looking forward to reading the next books! Here's my reviews for each of the books.
Part 1 -
This Body Won't Break is great! I don't normally read books that come in parts, but I loved the premise and I can't pass up a dystopian, so I wanted to give this a go, and I'm glad I did because I loved the mystery and suspense for this story. This book was a great start to what I feel will continue to be an interesting story, and although I've read plenty of dystopian books, I felt this book is unique enough to stand on its own. Joanna is naïve, but I see her becoming a stronger character as the story progresses. Joanna's eyes have been closed to the deception in the government, but she's in for a rude awakening when she can't continue to ignore the signs. I'm liking the people that are entering Joanna's life, and I love the story between Joanna and Knox, and the connection between the two. Some of the characters do make some odd choices; Joanna included, so that felt a bit weird, but these teenagers have grown up in an oppressive environment, so they are all naïve to many things. This story has a lot of interesting directions it could go, and I'm really excited to see where Lea McKee takes the story!
Part 2 -
I'm really enjoying this series! I absolutely love dystopian stories, and I'm loving Lea McKee's take on a dystopian world! This book starts right off where the first book ended, so definitely read the first book before this one! Joanna has escaped from an oppressive situation and is now meeting up with a resistance group. Now that Joanna's eyes have been opened, she's trying to cope with all this new information. I enjoy all the characters, and am really excited to see where the story goes! The only thing I wish is that these books weren't so short! But I think Lea McKee does a good job of not making it seem like the books are lacking in content. It's great to Joanna growing as a character! Ready for the next!
Part 3 -
This story is really coming together! A lot of stuff happens in this book, and Joanna is going a bit off the deep end. She's changed quite a lot from how she was in the previous books, she's a bit of a hothead in this book, but she does show immense strength in some tough situations. I was getting a little frustrated with her, and I'm not quite sure what's up with her at times, but she's under some really stressful situations, so it's only natural for her to express her frustrations. She still needs to grow, so I look forward to seeing her do that in the next books. Hopefully. Joanna and the crew at the safe house, need to find a way to rescue all the other kids that are still being held by the so-called government. There's lots of action to be had in this book, and I loved all of it! Ethan is really great! I'm enjoying seeing the progression of Ethan and Joanna's relationship. Lea McKee's writing flows wonderfully in this book! I love the dystopian world for this book, and even though I've read lots of dystopian stories, this one feels unique to me. And even though this series is in parts, I don't feel like each part isn't complete, I feel satisfied with how each book has ended, and the endings leave me excited to see where the story is going to go. Really looking forward to the next book! And what the heck is up with this Naomi thing!
1 Rub spices into pork chops, heat pan: Heat a large cast iron frying pan to medium high or high heat (hot enough to sear the meat). While the pan is heating, sprinkle a pinch of dry rub spices (about 1/8 teaspoon or a little more) on each of the pork chops. Using your fingers, rub the spices into the meat. Turn the pork chops over and repeat on the other side.
2 Add oil to the pan, sprinkle chops with salt, add to pan: Once the pan is hot, add a teaspoon of oil or fat to the pan and coat the bottom of the pan.
Right before you put the pork chops into the pan sprinkle each side with a little salt, or you can salt the chops in the pan.
Put the pork chops in the pan. Make sure they are not crowding each other too much. There should be space between the chops in the pan or the meat will steam and not sear properly.
Tip: Arrange the pork chops in the pan with the thickest, boniest parts towards the center of the pan where they get the most heat.
3 Sear the chops on both sides: Sear the pork chops, about 2 minutes on each side. Watch carefully, as soon as the chops are browned, flip them.
As soon as you flip the pork chops, if you are using a cast iron pan, you can turn off the heat. Cast iron holds heat very well and there will be enough heat in the pan to finish cooking the meat.
4 Cover pan if working with thick chops to finish cooking: If you have chops that are a lot thicker than 3/4" (many are sold that are 1 1/2"-thick), you can put a cover on the pan and let the pork chops finish cook for 5 minutes or so (if you are using a cast iron pan and have turned off the heat, there should be enough heat if you cover the pan to finish the cooking of a thicker chop, if not, lower the heat to low and cover.
How do you know when the pork chops are done? My mother uses a touch test which with practice I've learned as well. If you wait until you see juice oozing out of the top of the chop, it is definitely done. Mom typically just keeps the pork chops in the pan, the heat is turned off, so the pan is losing heat. The pan initially provides enough heat to sear the second side. As it initially cools it is still cooking, though not searing the meat. After a couple of minutes, it's just keeping the pork chops warm.
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with 6th Annual Saxxy Awards. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within 6th Annual Saxxy Awards.
Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.
Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.
Hunted (Saxxy short 2016)
Title Description Music by me. Link to song http://picosong.com/HxBT/ Cremator retexturing by Bonk Extra lighting/camerawork/ideas Hex Workshop items Miss Pauling https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=297189835&searchtext=maxxy Olivia Mann https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=288409840&searchtext=maxxy Cremator https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=306062761&searchtext=beta Armchair https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=455312544&searchtext=armchair Headphones https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=387678663&searchtext=cosmic+keepsake Mercenary https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/? id=416722824&searchtext=maxxy Femscout https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=219784371&searchtext=femscout Enhanced soldier https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=293617102&searchtext=maxxy Suited heavy: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=270905318&searchtext=maxxy Kittyhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=586895726&searchtext=kitty Phone: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/? id=213199966&searchtext=phone TV https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240391883&searchtext=tv Guitar https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=202101704&searchtext=guitar Gabe https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=169175877&searchtext=maxxy+gabe Muscly Pyro https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=216023500&searchtext=pyro Dank Tunnel map https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=598218188&searchtext=dank Apartment https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=208403766&searchtext=apartment Save Cancel
Created by FlyToRainbowRay
Last Online 79 days ago Bonk Nickeltoon
Online Hex
Online Posted Nov 11, 2016 @ 2:48pm
Share
It used to be that outfitting your home with a security system meant you needed to contact a security agency like Brinks or ADT, set up an appointment for them to come and install sensors all over your house, and then pay a monthly fee to keep your service going. But that's no longer the case. Now that sensor tech has become drastically cheaper than it used to be, cheap DIY home surveillance systems are on the rise.
Korner is yet another entry into this growing category of products, but unlike all-in-one systems like Piper and Canary, Korner takes a much more minimalist approach. The entire system is comprised of a set of app-enabled door/window sensors and a network fob, so to get started all you do is stick the tags in the corners of the doors & windows you want to monitor, and plug the fob into your router.
Once applied, the tags will detect motion and wirelessly notify the fob, which then sounds a high-pitched alarm (if that's how you configure it) and forwards an alert to your smartphone, tablet, or laptop. In the even of an intrusion, you'll be presented with the option of either calling the cops, or forwarding the alert to your Security Circle — a user-selected list of family, friends, and neighbors who can check on things for you.
As an added bonus, Korner tags are also equipped with Zigbee radios, so they can easily be incorporated to your existing Zigbee-based home automation setup. All security considerations aside, these tags are the only single-piece door/window sensors we know of, and they're far more attractive than most of the other sensors on the market right now.
Obviously, this system has some big limitations compared to full-fledged security systems outfitted with cameras, but not everybody wants such robust security, and for those simply looking for an easy and affordable way to make their home safer, Korner would likely be an excellent option. You can't buy it just yet, but Korner's creators are set to launch an IndieGoGo campaign in the near future, and will offer a pack of three tags and one fob for just 80 dollars. Until then, you can find out more here.
Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades came for a quick visit to Israel on Sunday due to concerns over the Israeli reconciliation agreement with Turkey, and to discuss a pipeline which will go from Israeli waters to Turkish which will pass through the Cypriot exclusive economic zone. .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
President Anastasiades was accompanied by the Cypriot energy minister and foreign minister.
Officials in Jerusalem were surprised at Cyprus's change of position regarding the pipeline. Officials believe that the Cypriot government is feeling pressured by both local public opinion and the failed coup in Turkey to make sure that Cypriot interests and relations are taken into account.
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu with Cypriot President Anastasiades (Photo: Amit Shabi)
Netanyahu managed to allay Anastasiades's fears by conveying the message that Israel has absolutely no intention of harming joint Israeli-Cypriot interests, and that Israel will do all that it can to coordinate policy with the Mediterranean island nation.
The Israeli side also said that there is no veto mechanism for building a gas pipeline through exclusive economic zones in international law, and that there are only coordination mechanisms – coordination which already exists between Israel and Cyprus. Meanwhile, the Cypriots explained that they have no intention of backtracking on cooperation agreements.
The two leaders published a joint statement at the end of their meeting, saying that while there was some turbulence in the relations over the last few days, the disagreements have been worked out, and that everything is back to normal.
A Brief History of US Federal Data Privacy Laws
This is a brief timeline of US related data privacy laws and policies
The major US Laws are represented by a red banner. ;xNLx;;xNLx;Memos from the Office of Management & Budget (the primary agency for many data privacy concerns) directing policy are highlighted with yellow banners
Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) Defines how federal advisory committees operate.
HEW report - “Records, Computers and the Rights of Citizens" The US Dept of Health, Education and Welfare releases its report which establishes 5 Fair Information Practice Principles:
Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA) Protects the privacy of student education records
US Federal Privacy Act 1st major data privacy legislation. Office of Management & Budget (OMB) is chosen to provide oversight of data privacy policy.
Government in Sunshine Act Specifies that 'every portion of every meeting of an agency shall be open to public observation'.
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Describes process for requesting judicial authorization for electronic surveillance & physical search of persons engaged in espionage or terrorism against the US
Computer Matching & Privacy Protection Act Amended the Privacy Act of 1974 by adding certain protections for those whose records are used in automated matching programs.
Paperwork Reduction Act Reduces the total amount of paperwork burden the federal government imposes on private businesses and citizens
HIPPA Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act (HIPAA) enacted to protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information
M-99-18 Privacy Policies on Federal Web Sites
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Protects children under the age of 13 from collection of PII
OMB A-130 Management of Federal Information Resources
OMB Memo April 7, 2010 Social Media, Web-Based Interactive Technologies, and the Paperwork Reduction Act
Data Quality Act Focuses on ensuring and maximizing the quality, objectivity, utility, and integrity of information
Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) Enacted as Title III of the E-Government Act
Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act (CIPSEA) Enacted as Title V of the E-Government Act
E-Government Act Enhances the management and promotion of electronic Government services and processes
M-03-22 OMB Guidance for Implementing the Privacy Provisions of the E-Government Act of 2002
M-04-04 E-Authentication Guidance for Federal Agencies
M-04-26 Personal Use Policies and "File Sharing" Technology
M-05-08 Designation of Senior Agency Officials for Privacy
M-06-16 Protection of Sensitive Agency Information
M-06-19 Reporting Incidents Involving PII and Incorporating the Cost for Security in Agency IT Investments
M-07-16 Safeguarding Against and Responding to the Breach of Personally Identifiable Information
HITECH Health Information Technology for Economic & Clinical Health Act (HITECH) promotes the adoption and meaningful use of health information technology
M-10-06 Open Government Directive
M-10-23 Guidance for Agency Use of 3rd Party Websites and Applications
M-10-22 Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies
Seattle is known for tree-huggers, Earth-firsters, moss-between-the-toes nature lovers. So, here's a story about how Seattle got this way by leveling hills, filling valleys, and rerouting water - and occasionally burying its history.
Photo: University of Washington
Here's a hint that history wants to erase itself. Take an infamous building. Crash a plane into it. Set it on fire. Then cover it in tons of concrete. That's the story of Seattle's most famous brothel.
If you've driven on I-5 past Beacon Hill, you've driven over the site of a 500-bed bordello. Top that, Fifty Shades of Grey.
If you don't like Seattle's current politics and government, compare them to the city in 1910. The mayor, THE MAYOR, worked to establish the largest bordello in the world. In a fine example of creative marketing, the project was operated by the Hillside Improvement Company, which was less concerned with improving the hillside than it was with improving the coffers of Mayor Hiram Gill and a few other officials. Their plan was to collect $10 per month from every prostitute. That was a lot of money in 1910. (~ $260 today)
If you want to have faith in human nature, congratulate the Seattle citizenry eventually realized that corruption had become so bad that they kicked the shady politicians out of office - at least for a while. The Women's Suffrage Movement's success at getting the vote in 1911 probably helped with the change. Of the 23,000 newly-registered women voters, 20,000 voted. In 1916, though, the mayor became mayor again - partly because he didn't campaign on the side of brothels.
Old buildings, even brothels, are worth something to someone. Instead of standing empty forever, or being torn down, the bordello became apartments. Time and a name change meant most people forgot the history. The renamed Lester Apartments became convenient housing for Boeing employees during World War II.
Composite image by NW Then & Again
Whether it was cosmic karma or just chaos, an authentic tragedy then happened. A Boeing B-50, an upgrade to the B-29 bomber, had trouble on takeoff from Boeing Field, clipped a nearby brewery and crashed into the apartment building. Eleven people died from the crash and the fire. The situation could've been worse, but the brewery employees saved many lives. That building would eventually become known as Rainier Brewery, by the way.
Skip forward a decade or two and the country realized it needed a network of highways. Interstate 5 needed a route through Seattle that wasn't too difficult and didn't disrupt too much of the city. The freeway slides along the side of the valley and basically paved over that side of Beacon Hill.
Some historic buildings are renovated or recreated, but the site ensures that the only thing that will survive will be the story, and that's probably best. But, oh, what a story.
· The Lester Apartments [GradyTripp]
· Fifty Shades of Grey [CS]
· Lester Apartments Fire [HistoryLink]
· The Story of I-5 [CS]
· All History Lesson coverage [CS]
Written by Tom Trimbath
Global warming (aka “climate change”) has become a religious mantra, a call for action in a crusade against larger evils we have perpetrated against nature, a punishment for our sins. Author Michael Crichton articulated the essence of this creed in a 2003 speech in which he observed:
There's an initial Eden, a paradise, a state of grace and unity with Nature; there's a fall from grace into a state of pollution as a result from eating from the tree of knowledge; and as a result of our actions, there is a judgment day coming for all of us. We are energy sinners, doomed to die, unless we seek salvation, which is now called sustainability. Sustainability is salvation in the church of the environment, just as organic food is its communion, that pesticide-free wafer that the right people with the right beliefs imbibe.
Let's recognize that Crichton was not arguing against the importance of living more environmentally responsible lives that apply resources in sustainable ways, or against the central role that religion plays in guiding most of us, whether we subscribe to a particular orthodoxy or not. But that idyllic view of an Eden in the “good old days” before industrialization and modern technology wrecked everything warrants some objective reflection.
Realities going back a few hundred years and more reveal a different picture; one displaying widespread poverty, starvation, disease and hardship. Yes, throughout human history, people have had to adapt to climate changes - some long, some severe, and many unpredictables. They have blamed themselves for bad seasons, believing they had invoked the displeasure of the gods through a large variety of offenses.
High priests of doom told them so, extracting oaths of fealty and offerings of penance for promised interventions on their behalf. In this regard, at least for some, it seems little has changed. That penance today comes at a very high cost…our present and future national economy.
Nobel Physics laureate Ivar Giaever has called global warming a “new religion.” Its temple is built on grounds of faith rather than scientific foundations. Climate change is not Mother Nature's retribution for human audacity to multiply and survive, any more than a tornado that destroys a particular church is God's retribution for belonging to the “wrong” congregation” Get over it! It's not all about us!
Climate changes and shorter-term weather events are the way nature balances itself, move heat and moisture around, and provide motivations for species to evolve. CO2 is a small but nonetheless important part of the system. Without it life would not exist at all. No polar bears, no penguins, no coral reefs - and certainly no rain forests that directly breathe in lots of the stuff. Don't call it “pollution.” At least show it a little respect!
Global warming has been effectively marketed by doom-speakers because it provides really exciting visual impressions: icebergs calving, polar bears exhausted from swimming, and such. Endless “authorities' will back up these images with scary prophesies regarding just how bad things are likely to get based upon speculative theories and unproven computer models offered as articles of faith.
follow
Knee-jerk responses to alarmist forecasts make for great media, but do so at the expense of good science. If claims that continuous Greenland melting accelerations were correct, even at previously measured advancing rates (and precluding intervention of another potentially overdue Ice Age), it would take thousands of years to significantly affect sea levels.
Anyone with even a modicum of knowledge about climate history recognizes that the Arctic experiences substantial climate swings about every 60-70 years due to entirely natural ocean oscillation cycles. It was very much warmer 1,000 years ago when Eric the Red and his band of Icelandic Viking settlers raised livestock on Greenland's coastal grasslands. I certainly didn't see any sheep or goats during my year there in 1959-60 as a military air traffic controller when temperatures reached 60 degrees below zero.
A study presented in the July 2008 issue of the journal Science notes that Greenland's melt rate may have been recently decreasing once again when viewed over a long timescale. This research, led by Dr. Roderick S. W. van de Wal of the Institute for Marine and Atmospheric Research in Utrecht, was based upon 17 years of satellite measurements. It concluded that speedups in melting rates are strictly short-term, transient phenomena, occurring primarily during summer months.
Al Gore and other perhaps less divinely inspired modern-day Noahs continue to speak out about an imminent threat of floods posed by rising ocean levels resulting from melting ocean and glacier ice. The “Goracle” carried out his prophetic ministry at the 2009 Copenhagen Climate Summit, declaring an impending Arctic disaster.
Citing “new research” undertaken at the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California, Gore told attendees, “These figures are fresh. Some of the models suggest to Dr. [Wieslaw] Maslowski that there is a 75% chance the entire north polar ice cap, during the summer months, could be completely ice-free within five to seven years…It is hard to capture the astonishment that the experts in the science of ice saw when they saw this.”
Scientists were, in fact, astonished by Gore's statements. One was none other than Dr. Maslowski himself, who responded, “It's unclear how the figure was arrived at. I would never try to estimate likelihood at anything as exact as this.” Gore's office later admitted that the 75% figure was one used by Dr. Maslowski as a “ballpark figure” several years ago in a conversation with Gore.
Global warming zealots have launched an aggressive jihad against those they brand as “deniers”, often asserting presumed fossil energy affiliations to those who don't buy into their hysterical pronouncements. Another tactic is to conflate rejection of unfounded human-caused climate crisis alarmism with an absurd denial that climate changes regularly occur, or that human activities may have some influence (however incalculably minuscule, either with respect to warming or cooling, those effects may be). They would also have us believe that periods of global warming are assuredly “bad”, and have even caused recent global cooling! In other words, all climate change is bad.
In the church of climate change, most or all unfortunate events that occur are attributable to human causation. Eco-elitists seize upon this dogma to argue that economic growth, promulgated by spurious corporate interests, is the enemy of the environment.
They overlook the fact that that economic progress yields technological innovation and prosperity essential to support more resourceful, cleaner and healthier lifestyles. A return to small, self-sufficient, agrarian communal societies of our ancestors is no longer practical or desirable, either for us or other creatures that share and depend upon common ecosystems.
Whether or not we subscribe to a particular orthodoxy, religion plays a vital, if not central role in most of our lives, guiding us to believe we are all part of something much larger than ourselves. It provides age-old lessons that teach us the importance of taking responsibility for our actions, constantly motivating us to do better. Faith in those universal principles binds us together as stable, functioning societies.
Science also has a vital, but very different role. When purported “scientific experts” emulate spiritual prophets they overstep their bounds, and we can no longer trust them.
Access to End-Use Technologies Key to Catalysing Development in Africa
By Joshua Masinde
NAIROBI (IDN) – Productive use of energy holds the key to livelihood transformation in Africa's rural areas. Small industries could improve their production processes and efficiency if they had better access to electricity and technologies.
Without electricity, rural micro-enterprises make do with labour intensive and time-consuming manual tools, and often pass up many opportunities for value addition or product diversification.
Satisfying the need for power of commercial enterprises presents an opportunity for private sector players such as JUMEME, a Tanzanian company that develops solar-powered mini-grids to connect businesses and households in remote areas.
Energy 4 Impact – a non-profit organisation working with local businesses to extend access to energy in Africa – has partnered with JUMEME in an advisory role to help it stimulate demand for electricity among potential customers and develop micro entrepreneurs' business capacity to use energy for economic transformation, resulting in greater productivity and power consumption.
Compared with households, commercial enterprises take up larger loads of power and provide the developer with a stable source of cash-flow with better profit margins. Building the capacity and the environment for businesses to acquire electric appliances can both improve their processes and productivity and contribute to mini-grid sustainability.
In April 2016, JUMEME launched a solar mini-grid in Bwisya, the largest of eight villages on Ukara Island, on Lake Victoria in Tanzania. Since the mini-grid became operational, there has been substantial increase in commercial activities.
Just under 50 pre-existing and new businesses are now connected to power. Some of the businesses that relied on manual labour or diesel generators for grain milling, carpentry, bicycle and motorcycle repair have been able to automate and expand. New businesses dealing in egg incubation, laundry, bread baking, juice processing, ice block production, hair dressing, pop-corn production, and metal welding have emerged.
Data collected by JUMEME show a direct correlation between increased uptake of appliances and power usage. “We have noticed improved efficiency and productivity in mills, woodworks, metal works and baking businesses that have connected to the mini-grid,” says Robert Wang'oe, Head of Marketing at JUMEME. “We expect new businesses to come on stream, for example those purifying drinking water.”
However, although power is now available, many micro-businesses cannot afford to buy appliances. This is because they are unable to access credit to buy them, as they are considered high risk borrowers, says Diana Kollanyi, Energy 4 Impact Programme Manager.
“One of our strategies to advance financial inclusion to micro-enterprises for productive use was to offer non-cash credit guarantees to financial providers. However, there was limited interest by the providers due to the intricate administrative processes involved in the scheme. Another strategy was to invite financial providers to the villages on the island to map out the business potential and build the case for credit provision. Yet, due to the low loan amounts requested, the limited number of businesses and the projected high administrative and transaction costs, this approach did not work either,” she explains.
As a result, JUMEME decided to adopt an in-house financing approach, which enables micro-entrepreneurs to acquire productive use appliances on credit directly from it. The company leverages its financial means to help customers acquire the equipment. Through this scheme customers can order appliances that are procured by JUMEME and pay for them over an agreed period, typically six months.
On behalf of JUMEME, Energy 4 Impact has conducted a number of demand assessment and stimulation activities, as well as productive use awareness raising campaigns.
“We held several discussions with JUMEME on how best to support businesses that wanted to acquire new equipment,” says Diana. “We conducted an analysis to establish the viability of these businesses before obtaining the appliances and then worked with business owners to strengthen their business plan and skills. JUMEME wanted assurances that the entrepreneurs would be in a position to pay for the equipment over an agreed period, pay the electricity bills and still make a profit.”
So far, 12 businesses have been financed to acquire maize mills, rice huskers, cassava mills, welding and carpentry machines, a chicken incubator and ice block makers. All businesses have repaid or are about to finish repaying their loans.
Ten other entrepreneurs have taken additional equipment to expand or diversify their businesses, creating at least 82 employment opportunities as a result.
After being connected to the grid, 25-year-old Elias Malima, a motorcycle garage owner, was able to extend his working hours. He acquired an electric-powered air compressor for inflating motorbike tyres and since then he has more than doubled the number of customers he serves from 15 or fewer to around 35 a day and his income has increased by 50 percent. He has employed three workers and plans to open another motorcycle garage in a nearby village once JUMEME launches another mini-grid later in the year.
“As I was inflating motorcycle tyres manually, Energy 4 Impact's mentors suggested I could get an electric-powered air compressor. They helped me write a business plan, which demonstrated the potential cash flow and the repayment plan. That is how I acquired the appliance from JUMEME on credit,” says Elias, who has fully repaid his air compressor.
Constantine Mulangi, a 67-year-old specialist in making window and door frames, repairing motorcycles and assorted kitchen accessories such as pots, pans and knives, received support to prepare a business plan for acquiring a welding machine and two metal grinders from JUMEME on credit.
“We also helped Constantine to develop a pay-back plan,” says Jesse Kyenkungu, Productive Use Field Officer at Energy 4 Impact in Tanzania. “This guided him on aspects such as the initial costs of the equipment acquired, the deposit made to obtain the appliances, the interest he would pay and the monthly deposits required to complete repayments within the agreed period.”
Like most mini-grids operating in rural contexts, JUMEME is faced with the challenge of keeping tariff costs low to create enough demand, while remaining profitable. Energy 4 Impact has helped JUMEME develop a tariff structure tailored to different users' needs, which includes a domestic and a business tariff. It is also helping the company understand the customers' pricing perception and sensitising customers on the need for varying tariff structures.
As a way of diversifying their income streams and enhancing its sustainability, JUMEME has started using the energy they produce to run their own fish freezing/chilling and delivery chain business to serve local markets. This provides the company with an additional cash flow, while offering vital services to the community, creating local jobs and contributing to village economic development. [IDN-InDepthNews – 09 May 2018]
Photo credit: Energy 4 Impact
IDN is flagship agency of the International Press Syndicate.
facebook.com/IDN.GoingDeeper - twitter.com/InDepthNews
The team opted for a more simplistic, low-drag design for the RB13, but suffered a significant performance deficit to F1 rivals Mercedes and Ferrari early on.
A significant upgrade ahead of round five in Spain enabled Red Bull to qualify within six tenths of pole for the first time this year, and it reduced that to just over three tenths in Monaco.
Canada, as expected, was tough given the nature of the track but the team still secured a third straight podium with Daniel Ricciardo while Max Verstappen ran second before retiring with a suspected battery failure on his Renault engine.
"We've understood some of the correlation issues," said Horner. "We've learned which tools to trust and in which area.
"That's given a clear direction and in the last races in particular, every race, we've made progress. We've definitely closed the gap. In Canada, we were racing a Mercedes with Max.
"It was interesting Ferrari's race pace didn't look anything particularly special."
When asked if designer Adrian Newey had ramped up his involvement during the time in which Red Bull made progress with understanding its car, Horner replied: "Adrian is heavily involved in the direction and development but he wasn't involved over the winter.
"He's stepped things up since Barcelona test this year."
Despite Red Bull's solid performance in Canada, Horner still thinks the team will struggle on the upcoming low to medium downforce tracks at Baku and Spielberg.
"The next two races will be tough for us," he said. It's encouraging the progress we are making. We've had great starts again here, which compensates a little bit for what we miss out on a Saturday afternoon.
"We'll go to the next two races and try and take as much out of those events as we can."
Renault is not expected to introduce another major upgrade this year, but instead will introduce a series of small steps forward.
"The Renault guys are working hard at that to try and close that deficit down," said Horner. "Engine number three will hopefully be around Austria time.
"Our fuel partner is doing a great job in finding performance there so it's a matter of pushing in all areas."
The Fairchild Metroliner that crashed this morning. Photo: Shaun Psaila
As the initial shock of this morning's Luqa plane crash began to subside, a key question gradually began to emerge - what was the French aircraft doing in Luqa in the first place?
Sources speaking in the immediate aftermath of the crash said the plane had been carrying officials working for Frontex, the EU's border management agency. That was swiftly denied by the agency itself in a short tweet.
READ: Five dead as plane crashes in Luqa
The Maltese government subsequently issued a statement saying the plane had been part of a French "customs surveillance operation which had been taking place for the past five months." The operation, the government said, involved tracing routes used by various traffickers throughout the Mediterranean.
But if that one-line explanation may have seemed plausible, subsequent statements by French authorities suggest something else was afoot.
First, French Customs issued a tweet saying that none of its officials were aboard the fated flight.
[#CP] Nous vous remercions pour vos messages mais aucun #douanier français n'était à bord de l'appareil qui s'est écrasé à #Malte — Douane Française (@douane_france) October 24, 2016
The plane that crashed in Malta was not deployed by Frontex. — Frontex (@Frontex) October 24, 2016
No #EU officials involved in plane crash in #Malta. The flight was not related to any of the EU activities — Federica Mogherini (@FedericaMog) October 24, 2016
EU Foreign Affairs High Commissioner Federica Mogherini's tweet saying that the flight was "not related" to any EU activities also raised eyebrows, given Maltese government claims that the plane was intended to trace trafficking routes - a key component of the EU's Sophia mission in the Mediterranean.
Then, Le Monde quoted French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian as saying three of the crew members on board were employed by the ministry's external security directorate, the DGSE.
Last February, Le Monde had infuriated the French government by reporting that France was using DGSE officials to carry out covert operations in Libya, with the paper quoting an unnamed senior defence official as saying "We must avoid open military engagement [in Libya], we must act discreetly."
Le Monde's reporting of this "secret war" prompted a livid minister Jean-Yves Le Drian to launch a criminal investigation into the paper, saying it had compromised a military secret.
Home Affairs Minister Carmelo Abela stuck to the government's original statement. Video: Steve Zammit Lupi
French President Francois Hollande indirectly confirmed the existence of such operations last July, after he said that three French soldiers who died after their helicopter had been shot down in Libya were carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations".
Further questions about this morning's crash arise from the plane itself. Aside from lacking any colours or identification marks on its livery, the plane - a Fairchild Metroliner turboprop - was an altogether different model from the Falcon 50M planes used by France for reconnaissance activities it performed for the EU's Sophia mission, sources told Times of Malta.
Home Affairs Minister Carmelo Abela appeared visibly uncomfortable when pressed to confirm or deny that the five crew members aboard this morning's flight were actually military personnel this afternoon.
Speaking during a press conference (see video), Dr Abela said he would like to stick to the government's official statement. Dr Abela, whose answers were punctuated by long pauses, said it was "not the case" that the plane was heading to Libya, as reported in different sections of the media, and refused to say whether the plane's mission was a bilateral mission.
The surveillance operation was taking place "in the region", the minister said vaguely.
Should it result that the Fairchild Metroliner that crashed this morning was indeed involved in covert operations within Libya, the revelation could damage Maltese-Libyan relations.
Although it remains a nation in turmoil, Libya remains a sovereign state, with borders other nations cannot violate without a clear United Nations security council mandate.
The debris may have been cleared, but it seems fallout from this morning's crash of a French surveillance plane in Luqa has only just begun.
The Wizard of Oz Poster for Fred R. Hamlin's 1902 musical extravaganza, the first major theatrical adaptation of
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a 1900 children's novel written by American author L. Frank Baum. Since its first publication in 1900, it has been adapted many times: for film, television, theatre, books, comics, games, and other media.
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Many of the television programs cited in this list are not strict adaptions of The Wizard of Oz; rather, they have reinterpreted aspects of the book, such as characters and plot, to create sequels, prequels or side-plots, which are inspired by Baum's original text.
Theatre [ edit ]
Books [ edit ]
There are over 40 canonical Oz books, including 14 by Baum, all of which are considered "official" sequels or prequels to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. In addition, the following books use the Oz milieu as settings for their tales:
Comics [ edit ]
Games [ edit ]
Other media [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Kevin Scott Collier. The Wonderful Animated World of the Wizard of Oz: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly! CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform, 2018. ISBN 172632558X
A Nightmare in Paradise: An Introduction to Counter-Infringing Personal Privacy
Travis van der Font Blocked Unblock Follow May 31, 2017
Happy May, and happy ‘Privacy Awareness Month,' rather than Week. Or better, yet, hopefully, you've had a happy Privacy Awareness Month! And since it's the end of the month, here's one last article to keep you aware! If you're unaware — user confidentiality and data collection are on the rise and are consistently being sold behind the scenes of the internet. Here's a brief introduction to what has been going on:
Recently, after Trump signed approval for the bill following Senate Joint Resolution 34 (H. Res. 230) privacy just got weirder, but you've probably noticed no difference. To put this into retrospect for you, it's a HUGE change, and it's been reported by almost every possible web news portal in attempts to go down with a not-so-silent bang. Such reports from: Wired, TechCrunch, Time, Fortune, Forbes, Reuters, Bloomberg, Business Insiders, NPR, MSNBC, Fox News, Washington Times, The New York Times, Chicago Tribune, The Register, Yahoo, VPN Answers, MacRumors, and the list just keeps going! There was even an online petition put in place at Change.org. Internet privacy is publicly shifting into a dark corner that isn't so free anymore. Also, TechCrunch has an excellent informative article ‘Everything you need to know about Congress' decision to expose your data to internet providers' that goes more into great depth.
Although this isn't any new business, it's becoming more and more of a recently trending topic, and it's a subject for everyone to consider who believes in self-privacy. It takes very little effort (if done correctly) to protect yourself, and it takes a lot more effort to fix what has already been damaged, if even fixable, at all. A simple, practical fundamental principle: “protecting your personal information is the best way to prevent identity theft.”
So, moving forward: what is it? And, are you the hopping seed that's being tracked?
The US government (along with other governments and companies) tracks sessions through cookies and APIs (application programming interface) which eventually leads back to sessions and cookies from individuals who use the internet (even privately). A typical example; if you have ever seen a Facebook “like” button or share icon on any website, then Facebook is tracking you already on that website, and it doesn't matter whether you have a Facebook account. Shadow accounts already exist for the great convenience of tracking anyone everywhere! Shadow accounts are simply invisible accounts for individuals without Facebook accounts. From these pages, metadata (more info here and here directly from the NSA) which then can be extracted and sessions can be created for more direct tracking. The users device and IP address acts as a ‘middle man' making all the necessary profile connections from any platform or device. Going further with the tracking through emails (from contacts) to phone contacts, mobile and social network photos (face recognition), GPS (also coming from photos), and through other applications (3rd parties) including APIs such as WhatsApp and Skype which all track back to your original and active email(s) that creates an identity whose existence you are completely unaware about. And Facebook is only one of the many. I won't name drop, but if you're interested in knowing more than feel free to use Google :-) as a starting point (or for a faster approach start going through the links provided below).
Keep in mind that the government truly doesn't care about “you” as an individual unless you're a direct threat to them or their nation. So first, ask yourself “what is the data that you're transferring?” and secondly, “what are you doing with your information (which is data)?” And as a side note: ‘transferring' is used as a loose term here as ‘transforming' could easily be a synonym for this process. Since the individual is only converting their actual physical life (what can be referenced as analog) into a digital mean (what is now online) which is simply the process of converting and transferring information. The best part: it's total legally! However, most people will agree it's unethical and comes down to a matter of morals.
So, can an individual protect themselves?
Straight answer: “to a limit” a very subjective and loose limit. Your data is collected either way, but you can, however, find ways to protect your identity from your data mining collections, publicly and by-laws of sharing to 3rd parties. If you're curious about which methods are being used and which data collections are being gathered, then all the links below should be a very helpful start.
Keep in mind for every service that you activate and for every service that you connect to another platform; your data becomes more accurate. Use the internet at your own risk, and that's the cost of privacy. I've always said in the past “You can go against the waves OR just ride waves.” This statement still holds, and frankly, I believe it will always hold. However, if you can ride the waves, why not use safety gear? Wouldn't that make your surfing a more enjoyable experience? A safer experience? Like with anything, there are no exceptions.
Disclaimer: I am in no way attempting to force or manipulate individuals, but rather simply educate while leaving an elaborate argument of information that is already existing from original sources online.
In-depth / further readings:
Captivating and interested in protecting your privacy? Then the lists below are for you!
Good News portals:
Recommended VPN providers:
Additional VPN providers:
Too overwhelming? VPN Provider comparison chart (HUGE & informative):
www.thatoneprivacysite.net/simple-vpn-comparison-chart
Free by browser (Chrome & Firefox):
Block invisible trackers:
Show Facebook Computer Vision Tags:
github.com/ageitgey/show-facebook-computer-vision-tags
Classic Favorite (most passwords weren't leaked publicly):
Has my email been hacked?
Email Databases (get anyone's email in seconds):
Mobile Databases:
Geolocation IP Database Providers:
The Famous Whois Lookup (domains or IPs):
Network Scanners:
Additional references:
And this is just the beginning.
Mike Hewitt/Getty Images
Manchester City started with six teenagers in their FA Cup clash with Chelsea on Sunday. By full-time, it was a Chelsea youngster who would be coming away feeling most pleased with his contribution, though.
Bertrand Traore scored the third goal of his budding Blues career as Chelsea thrashed City 5-1 to advance to the quarter-finals, where they'll face Everton next month.
It means that, from nowhere, the Burkina Faso striker is suddenly looking a real prospect to work his way into first-team contention at Stamford Bridge. He's been on the periphery for a while and now Traore's profile is on the rise.
It's thanks to his goals and nothing else.
Full-time status as a Chelsea first-team star remains a long way off for the 20-year-old, yet those three strikes he has registered since the turn of the year represent the sort of form that ensures managers pay attention.
Interim boss Guus Hiddink is doing just that right now as Traore is demanding he must. As a striker, there's no commodity more valuable than goals and the youngster is showing he can deliver in that regard.
AFP/Getty Images
It's the minimum you can ask of any player—young or old. The need is for them to contribute, to play a part in their team's successes.
Traore's goals ensure he boasts a unique Chelsea statistic: Whenever he scores, Hiddink's men win 5-1. He registered his first goal for the club against MK Dons in the fourth round of the FA Cup, following that with his first Premier League strike against Newcastle United last Sunday.
On each occasion, Chelsea came out 5-1 winners like they did against City. Traore also rounded off each victory with the fifth.
How and when he found the back of the net in those games isn't the important thing where Traore is concerned. He's living off the scraps of cameo appearances in this moment, yet he's doing enough in limited time to build momentum.
His concern should be about minutes on the pitch, only Traore is stepping it up by getting himself on the scoresheet. His confidence is brimming, and confidence in the young player is equally being built.
He has the perfect example in Diego Costa for the benefits of what that all means. The Spain international is seven years Traore's senior, but the parallels with their season are clear.
AFP/Getty Images
Costa has re-established himself in west London simply by scoring goals regularly again. When he was busy fighting his demons and scrapping with opponents, Chelsea's campaign was falling apart. It was in desperate need of some sort of spark, which the forward has now given with his nine goals in 12 games.
He's back to being a match-winner, impacting the big moments for the Blues. For instance, Costa has scored Chelsea's first goal in seven of those nine matches he has found the back of the net in under Hiddink.
He's giving this team a different dynamic. Chelsea suddenly have a cutting edge once again, which is hinting at taking them a long way in the cup competitions after their weak surrender of the Premier League title.
Where Traore comes into it is that he's changing the conversation about Chelsea's undoubted emerging talent. For too long we've spoken of the negatives, that the club doesn't practice what it preaches in terms of the youth they have.
Chelsea have won back-to-back FA Youth Cups and are also the reigning UEFA Youth League champions. They have serious credentials in their junior ranks, but we're still not seeing that transfer into the senior game.
Ruben Loftus-Cheek is a name that continues to excite, and now Traore has added himself to the equation.
Whereas it's difficult to measure the impact of Loftus-Cheek in the moments he is given by Hiddink, Traore's goals are the ideal barometer for him.
BEN STANSALL/Getty Images
He's a striker after all and by adding to that ever-increasing tally, it's only going to add to his reputation.
It's his no-fear approach that is refreshing. Sure, Chelsea's games have been out of sight when he has come on to score and complete each individual rout, yet finding himself in the sort of positions he has is the hard bit, regardless of the scoreline.
It takes courage and certain amount of belief to orchestrate the goals Traore has.
Against MK Dons and Newcastle, it was about Traore's endeavour to work the situation before arriving to expertly lash the ball home. Indeed, against the Magpies, he started and finished the move that led to his goal.
His strike against City was a fortuitous header that looped over Willy Caballero into the back of the net. We shouldn't let that fool us, however. We're constantly fed the line about strikers making their own opportunities, feeding of everything around them to score. It's exactly what Traore is doing.
Sunday was just Traore's seventh Chelsea appearance. He is yet to complete a full game, with his total time played this term standing at a mere 114 minutes. Divide that by the goals he has scored and he is registering every 38 minutes. That's a strike rate of over two goals per game.
That's what we want to see from young players. Traore is doing it.
Garry Hayes is Bleacher Report's lead Chelsea correspondent. All quotes were obtained firsthand unless otherwise noted. Follow him on Twitter @garryhayes
Queen Elizabeth on Friday remarked that Australia's self-confidence had grown since her first state visit 60 years ago.
She wasn't telling Down Under — newly returned here after several years' living overseas — anything we didn't already know.
That very afternoon, in the sunny state of Queensland (motto "Beautiful one day, perfect the next") we witnessed 20 — twenty — fighter jets flying in formation across the sky — an awesome display of military capability in this generally peaceable part of the world.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;http://video.couriermail.com.au/2157449413/Super-Hornet-flyover&... _cke_saved_href=&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;http://video.couriermail.com.au/2157449413/Super-Hornet-flyover&... Super Hornet flyover&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
The flyover — part of the RAAF's arrival at home ceremony for four newly purchased F/A-18 "Super Hornets" just arrived from the U.S. — oozed self-confidence.
Down Under just happened to be waiting in line to visit a mining and gas industry jobs expo, along with several thousand very self-confident young Australians.
Why are they self-confident? Australia's booming resources sector wants them — exponential growth in the mining sector over the past few years has produced a chronic shortage of skilled labor. And the Aussie tradesmen evidently know it, lining up out the door at a series of job fairs like this one to see what the big companies can do for them.
Fun facts (source: the Australian Department of Trade):
Australia has the world's largest resources of recoverable brown coal, lead, rutile, zircon, nickel, tantalum and zinc.
Australia also has the world's largest reserves of uranium (though we don't really talk about this in polite company).
Australia is the world's largest exporter of alumina, black coal, iron ore, lead and zinc.
Australia is the fourth-largest producer of diamond by weight after Russia, Botswana and Congo (Kinshasa).
China's demand for Australian resources is rapidly increasing: China is a major export destination for iron ore and pellets, lead concentrates, Liquid Natural Gas and Liquid Petroleum Gas. Exports to India have been increasing since 1989–90, with a sharp increase of 207 per cent.
Meanwhile, a few miles down the road at the Gold Coast (which derives its name from its beaches, though the concentration of conspicuous millionaire inhabitants could confuse a visitor), IndyCar drivers were revving up for three days of V8 supercar racing through the Miami-esque downtown.
The atmosphere screamed self-confidence, and less that a week after a high-speed accident claimed the life of Dan Wheldon, who had been due to race on the Gold Coast.
(GlobalPost reports: Dan Wheldon dies in fiery Indy Car crash, aged 33 (VIDEO)
Still, it was a nice gesture of Her Majesty — on a 10-day Royal Tour of Australia (with speculation rife that it may be the 85-year-old monarch's last) — to compliment a people who have for many years been talking so openly about cutting ties with the monarchy.
(GlobalPost reports: Queen Elizabeth's royal tour Down Under (VIDEO)
Even as Prime Minister Julia Gillard hinted yet again at the shelf-life of an Australian "head of state" who lives half a world away, the Queen graciously acknowledged our energy and dynamism, and resilience and courage in the face of adversity — a reference to the recent run of bad luck here with natural disasters.
And she insisted that we as a nation should be proud of our economic and academic achievements.
"This country has made dramatic progress economically, in social, scientific and industrial endeavours and, above all, in self-confidence. "Australia has flourished and achieved excellence on the world stage."
The entire address, made during a reception at Parliament House and reprinted here for those interested, lasted only a few minutes but spoke volumes about the wisdom and wit of a woman who has reigned longer over a more disparate empire than most.
Here's hoping a few Australians weren't too busy being self-confident to notice.
I've come back from the living dead from gaming too much with the 2nd Tree of Savior Online Closed Beta Review! A good amount of my followers have often asked me about the specific release date for the English version of this game. Honestly, I don't have a clue! However, the game is well headed on its way for the first 1st International Closed Beta in the months to come unless delayed.
Gameplay - Is it still easy?
As an experienced TOS Closed Beta Tester, the game still felt a bit too easy. A lot of people were satisfied with how they toned up the boss difficulty by giving them random summoned recycled traps. As for me, I wasn't very fond of it, probably because it seemed like a lazy approach on making content harder. In the end, most of the boss battles felt the same with a random trap each time. Perhaps this was a last minute addition, but I would rather see the bosses get buffed in their own unique way along with having a few special punishing attacks. It was strange seeing random traps spew out of nowhere for no reason during boss fights. Don't get me wrong, they're pretty effective. It does add a bit more challenge, especially when you randomly step on an invisible trap or web that binds your character in place resulting in death. Yes, I've died to traps. I believe almost all of the bosses even the field ones can be solo'ed without Nexon Cash revive, given you have the time and patience. Bosses also felt a bit sluggish and I started to notice some recycled looking ones later on.
Playable Classes - Plan Ahead!
The job system in Tree of Savior Online is what makes this game special compared to the newer games coming out today. Every 15 job levels a player can decide on selecting "one" of the "two new jobs" for ranking up or retain their current job and max out skills for that class. Once a player ranks up, the job level resets to back 1 and the player must obtain job level 15 again for the next advancement. Please do keep in mind that you can no longer go back to the previous job after you have changed into a new one. For example, a Job Level 15 Sapper can no longer go back to Archer circle because it's only available for the first few rank changes. Players also must plan their job changes carefully. For example, the rank 2 job change offers players to be a Ranger, Quarrel Shooter, or Archer again. If you DO DECIDE to pick Archer again, you will miss the opportunity of job changing to Ranger or Quarrel Shooter. Carefully plan your job changes and enjoy the many possible class combos!
I just wanted to rush the gunner class ASAP and shoot stuff! I ended up being extremely poor going down the Sapper route. Thankfully, I ended up running into a Dievdirbys player in the game that was able to provide me wood base materials for my wooden traps using, which helped a lot. Going down the Archer tree felt painfully slow to level up compared to my Mage character from the previous beta test. I felt like the class lacked a bit in damage and cooldown. Not to mention buying traps was such a hassle because the NPC's didn't sell them, until it was added during the last day of beta. You can find a more detailed explanation about the unique class system on my previous Tree of Savior Review.
There were certain active skills from my gunner class that I couldn't use because it required me to use a Bow. IMCGames recently implemented a workaround for this with the new weapon switch feature, all you have to do is drag your gun and bow to the weapon switch slot and press ALT+Z. Not much of a problem, unless you're playing the Schwarze Reiter class because all of their skills can only be activated while mounted. In short, I will have to press alt+down to get off my mount followed by alt+z to switch to bow, use bow rotation skills, then alt+z again to switch to gun and alt+up to mount on my pet again and use my gun rotation skills. I suppose choosing Sapper helped me out since I was able to set down traps with a gun and not worry about having to switch to bow.
Questing and Leveling Up - Another Korean Grind or Not?
The leveling pace was actually decent during 2nd CBT, which doesn't include the EXP rate bonus during last day of beta. Leveling seemed consistent with no huge noticeable difference in base EXP curves even as I progressed through the higher levels of the game However, I did run into a lot job level problems as I was mostly focused on questing. The 2nd CBT had a level 250 cap that is easily obtainable in a week without the bonus EXP rates. I'm guessing that the real grind starts at around level 300-500. I mostly focused on the story and area quests and did a fair bit of grinding during the last few days of beta. No drastic changes in the quest system and it's still the same from the previous beta. Just pick up and complete quests in one zone, once done, rinse and repeat in the next zone. As I progressed to the higher levels of the game, the boss battles became a lot more tedious. I wasn't really looking forward to the next boss fight, maybe because this is my 2nd playthrough of the game?
One of the more concerning issues of the game was that the base character level and job level balance. The amount of experience points earned from both didn't seem to scale properly. A lot of players ended up having a very high base character level, while their job levels fell behind drastically. This is easily fixable by giving players a choice on whether they want to get an EXP Card or JOB EXP Card after completing "special quests" certainly NOT ALL. For those that aren't aware, all of the quests in this game rewards players with EXP Cards that increases your character level upon consumption. JOB EXP Cards has its own drawbacks if implemented, such as players that gets too much job EXP become under leveled to complete their job change quest. If the monster is too high level, your player will do "1" damage despite how strong your character is due to the base level and monster level gap. Solution? Grinding time! Just make sure you grind the right mobs, some may give more JOB EXP while others may give more base EXP. Saving up cards may also be bad due to the fact that there are higher level tier cards that give way more EXP later on. Speaking from experience, the fastest way to level job EXP is up is to grind monsters and skip quests.
End Game Content - Max Level Now What!?
Most beta testers would have probably never reached the level cap if the GM didn't provide an extremely large EXP bonus during the last day of testing. As for the CBT2 end game stuff, there really wasn't much to do after reaching the level cap except party summoned field boss hunting. I believe that this test was primarily focused on testing the new jobs ands tuff. Tree of Savior grants players party field boss missions based on the total average level of the party. All they have to do is wait for the timer and head on to the location. Once all of the party members have gathered at the specific mission location the party boss will pop up. To sum things up, TOS offers three different kinds of bosses. Normal Quest or Story Bosses, Field Bosses, and Summoned Field Bosses.
Crafting, Cards, and Gems - What are they for?
While crafting wasn't that important during the early levels of the game, it started become a thing around level 170. It's a lot cheaper to shop around the Auction House for materials and craft the item compared to buying the weapon at full price. Most of the monsters in the game will drop recipes instead of the item itself forcing players to craft their own equips. The recipe is also consumed after the item is crafted and must be hunted for again if you wish to craft the same item. Players can also craft various headgear equipment shown below though it may change to cash items in the future. I still couldn't quite figure out what the cards are for other than to summon shadow clones for the Sorcerer or Necro class, I think. Lastly, the gem system didn't seem that important during the beta. To keep you well-informed, all you have to do is talk to a Black Smith and ask him to create an empty gem slot. From there, you can apply the gem to the item you had just slotted. The effects vary depending on the color of the gem and piece its socketed onto a Weapon, Armor, Gloves, Shoe, etc.
The World, Graphics, and Sound - All You Need to Know!
I've explored most of the areas during both 1st and 2nd CBT and I must say that the game really has a lot of unique looking areas. The later maps are still linear, but there are multiple exits leading to low and high-level zones. Some players might be a bit disappointed on how the zones are setup in Tree of Savior because it seems a bit small compared to other games where you can run across one big square zone. The graphics looks great as always having its own unique charming looks, but needs a bit of optimization as I often received a lot of FPS drops and short bursts of freezes. BGM is so good that I never bothered turning off the game music to listen to my own playlist. I even saved the official Tree of Savior OST folder filled with mp3's, before uninstalling the Closed Beta 2 client.
Conclusion - Round 2 and Still Enjoyable!
Tree of Savior Online had a 12 hour testing window from 12pm to 12am in South Korea. I had to test the game during the working hours of 7pm to 7am PST and not a single minute was wasted! Except for the day where I had no internet. In short, the CBT2 was worth trying out and I had a blast playing all night long, even with the ridiculous testing hours. The game itself is not actually ready to go live yet, as I ended up running into a lot of FPS issues, graphical bugs, random errors, and random crashes during the test.
I'm a bit more concerned about the future end game content. Considering the massive amount of online games that is often released in South Korea, most companies are rushing production and releasing games early access with cash shop or making a game very easy just to steal players from other titles. If you ask me, I would rather have a challenging game than a grinding game. I would love to see some PvP or GvG related content in ToS and perhaps a better party system. As a Foreigner, I always had trouble finding the right parties for grinding or questing. It may not be much of a problem as a Korean player that can spam /shout and stuff. During the early TOS debut, IMCGames mentioned an auto party system with players around you on the same quest. Not that the story quests and bosses are challenging enough to require a party at all, it's just that I get really bored playing alone. This review is getting long, so much more to write about like stats and etc, but it's time to cut it short! Thanks for following me on another gaming adventure and I hope to see you all on the upcoming Tree of Savior International Closed Beta! Please make sure to like and follow my social media pages below and have a wonderful day.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Steparus
Youtube: http://www.youtube.com/steparutv
Developer: IMCGames
Publisher: Nexon Korea
Game Site: http://tos.nexon.com/
In December 2010 Thomas Lonngren stepped down as the executive director of the European Medicines Agency, which regulates the pharmaceutical industry. On the 28th of that month, he sent a letter telling the management board that he was going to start working as a private consultant to the industry on 1 January.
Some places have clear regulations on this kind of thing. In the US you have to wait a year after leaving the department of defence before you can work for a defence contractor.
But after 10 days, Pat Mahony, the EMA's chairman, wrote back saying the plans were fine. He did not impose any restrictions, nor did he ask for any further information on what kind of work Lonngren intended to do. Lonngren had said there would be no conflict of interest, and that was enough.
Why does this matter? It's an old story, after all, and the flow goes both ways. One of the pharmaceutical industry's favourite lawyers has just become head of the US Patent Office. Employees at the the US food and drug administration (FDA) routinely flow in and out of pharmaceutical companies. The UK lobbying industry is built on the same phenomenon.
There is no a guarantee of a bad outcome here: it's just a risk factor, like driving after three pints, and so we police it. Perhaps civil servants will be too friendly to industry, hoping for a lucrative commercial post one day. At the very least they bring insider knowledge of opaque systems, and personal contacts, which are the cornerstone of effective lobbying.
In a fully transparent regulator, we could perhaps tolerate these risks. But sadly, it's not just the natural opacity of a technical field that forces us into a blinder faith on regulators.
When the FDA discussed banning rosiglitazone, as I described six months ago, for all its bad calls, these discussions were at least in public. For the EMA, all such meetings and minutes are secret.
The key ethical issue in medicine is that the results of trials are left unpublished by industry (and others) if they don't like them. We have seen this with rosiglitazone, paroxetine, countless antidepressants, and many more drugs. The solution was to start clinical trials databases: you declare what you are doing, before you start, and we can hold you to it, and ask about missing data when the results don't appear.
The EMA's clinical trials database, Eudract, has run since 2004, and has been held entirely in secret despite repeated promises to open it up going back many years (they're promising this month, again).
I can tell you that this database contains 28,150 clinical trials, but that is all we are allowed to know. We cannot read a single detail about any single one of these trials, which are all real treatments being tested on real people. This is bizarre and far more important than the story of one man's employment. It is the ultimate administrative perversity: Eudract is a transparency tool held in secret.
To regulate the pharmaceutical industry behind closed doors is the antithesis of science. But the EMA have made their decisions about this, so we are left with blind faith, at an inevitable cost.
Everyone involved in such a system must be seen to be whiter than white, not because we are puritans, or assume bad faith, but because, after the secrecy, this is what they have left us with.
Photo: Flickr, CC
Officials in Kuwait have announced that a comprehensive survey of their territorial waters has revealed that about 90% of the corals there are dead or dying. The head of the Kuwait Diving Team, Walid Al-Fadhel, said in a statement: "this requires quick action by the competent authorities to find out the real causes, as well as solutions." He also called on frequent goers to these marine natural sites to refrain from any action that may inflict damage in the reefs or kill the creatures co-existing with them.
Photo: Flickr, CC
The worrying thing is that we don't know what has caused this (global warming? pollutants in the water? a natural cycle?), so we're pretty far from knowing how to fix the problem, if that's even possible.
Coral reefs are extremely productive ecosystems, and their loss can have a domino effect on other ecosystems that are connected to it (either geographically close, or connected via migration routes).
The comprehensive survey, conducted by the team, included the major locations of coral reefs 50 miles along the shores and 70 km from the southern coast borders, with depths ranging from 1-13 meters. The combing covered Um Al-Maradim, Kheiran, Ras Al-Zor, Garouh, Um Diera, Teyler, Kubbar and Oraifjan with the result of 90 percent of "bleaching" of the coral reef. At the begining of noticing this phenomenon, he added, dead fish were found floating on the water surface, or laying between the corals, yet not anymore. (source)
Via Global Arab Network (English)
More on Corals
Coral Bleaching Creates a Vicious Cycle of Further Bleaching and Disease
The World's Largest Forest of Rare Black Coral Found in Mediterranean
Limiting CO2 to 450ppm Will NOT Prevent Catastrophic Loss of Coral Reefs
Two very different women hold Europe's future in their hands – and neither of them is Theresa May. The battle for Europe's soul is being waged between Angela Merkel and Marine Le Pen. This is a clash of personalities and visions: Germany's chancellor v the leader of France's Front National, the largest far-right party in Europe. As Britain prepares to leave the EU, the Franco-German dimension of the continent's destiny has arguably never been so important since the end of the cold war. What is at stake is momentous: whether Europe can survive as a project, and whether fundamental principles such as the rule of law, democracy and tolerance can be salvaged. The battle will play out nationally in 2017, in key elections in France and Germany, but it concerns all Europeans.
French elections: Front National makes no gains in final round Read more
It may seem strange to reduce Europe's existential crises to just one personal confrontation. Merkel has been in power since 2005 and is trying to remain there, while Le Pen may dream of being in office but has never approached it (last year her party failed to take control of a single French region in local elections). Some may ask: why would a French opposition figure count more than the man currently sitting in the Elysée Palace? But François Hollande has become so weak – even more so with this week's resignation of his economics minister, Emmanuel Macron – and terrorism has transformed French politics to such a degree that Le Pen's prospects now stand out as a key defining factor of where France, and Europe for that matter, may be heading.
It is only partly reassuring to say that Le Pen has little chance of becoming president next year (the French electoral system makes that difficult). The trouble is, in recent months, her brand of anti-Muslim, xenophobic and nationalistic politics has spread across the French mainstream right like wildfire. Le Pen is fast capitalising on this summer's burkini episode and on the national trauma left by jihadi terrorism. It's hard to see which French politician or movement can find the authority and strength to push back against her ideas, or counter their appeal among the French suburban middle classes as well as in rural areas. Nicolas Sarkozy hopes to win primaries in November, but his whole strategy hinges on imitating rather than disputing Le Pen's line of thinking.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Le Pen lashed out at Hollande, describing him as a subdued ‘vice-chancellor of Germany', after he'd denounced populism in a speech.' Photograph: Philippe Wojazer/AFP/Getty Images
Marine Le Pen's single most powerful opponent is to be found outside France: Angela Merkel. Le Pen hates Merkel, and Merkel despises Le Pen. They confront each other in a fight of European proportions. Le Pen has often attacked the chancellor – once describing her as an “empress” imposing “illegal immigration” on the whole of Europe. Merkel sees Le Pen as an acute political threat to Europe, although she has rarely mentioned her in public. If France embraces the far right, the wider impact will be far more serious than it was with, say, Hungary's illiberal slide.
Merkel and Le Pen have never met, nor have they had any reason to. Once, last year, they sat not far from each other in the European Parliament chamber – but Merkel kept her gaze away, out of contempt. That day, Le Pen furiously lashed out at Hollande, describing him as a subdued “vice-chancellor of Germany”, after he'd denounced populism in a speech.
These two women have one thing in common and one thing only: the depth of their political conviction. Angela Merkel has been unwavering in her message that welcoming refugees is the right thing to do; Le Pen fumes against “rampant Islamisation” of the continent. Merkel wants to save the European project; Le Pen is fully aligned with forces that want to dismantle it (she recently said on CNN that France had become an EU “province”). Merkel nurtures the transatlantic link; Le Pen admires Putin's Russia – her party sits at the heart of pro-Kremlin networks in Europe, financial ones among them. Le Pen's ideology draws from France's historical far right, the ideas of Charles Maurras and colonial racism; Merkel is the daughter of a Protestant pastor for whom individual freedoms are paramount values. Le Pen has always made much about being divorced and smoking cigarettes (trying to cast herself in the image of a modern woman); Merkel's personal style is more subdued, which isn't to say her character is less ironclad.
For decades what drove the European project was the so-called “Franco-German engine”. It is now all but broken – mainly because of France's economic weaknesses, which have severely unbalanced the relationship. What now drives European politics is a different kind of Franco-German equation, one in which Merkel, often faulted for her eurozone policies, has on several occasions attempted to give France's socialist government some financial breathing space against Le Pen – including by sparing France the wrath of the EU commission for disrespecting deficit targets.
Merkel's anti-Le Pen strategy has largely been discreet. But in May she made it very plain. Speaking at Berlin's French lycee, she said she would try to make sure “other political forces are stronger than the Front National, if that can be accomplished from abroad”. It was an unusually blunt statement. Le Pen's supporters immediately accused the chancellor of meddling in French politics; but Merkel has long identified the populist dynamics connecting Le Pen's rise with the rise of Germany's far-right AfD, a party that threatens to upend politics in her own country.
This coming Sunday, regional elections in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern offer a key test for Merkel's CDU party, which has trailed in local polls behind the AfD. Le Pen will be watching closely, and little wonder: one of the two will shape the future of Europe. The question is which.
A fifth of young people do not expect to be living in the UK after age 40, a study suggests.
The main reason cited for wanting to join the millions who are already expats was to find better paid jobs elsewhere.
The research findings came a day after a bleak assessment on the Office of Budget Responsibility on Britain's financial future. It warned that the ageing population would lead to a severe worsening of state finances, but which could be mitigated by letting in more than 140,000 immigrants into Britain a year, equivalent to six million people .
This would improve the balance between the proportion of tax-paying workers and those retired.
But today's study, conducted by GlobalVisas.com, suggests that a large chunk of the population intend to live abroad by the time they reach their age of peak earning and tax paying.
Of the 1,451 people aged between 18 and 25 interviewed, 21pc said they intended to move abroad when they were 'no older than 40'.
The most common reason given for that age was that they would have secured enough savings and employment experience to get a good job abroad by that stage.
When asked why they wanted to go, 41pc said that they felt there were "more employment opportunities" abroad and 32pc felt that the world was "bigger than Britain". Among the responses, 7pc expressed concerns about future overcrowding in the UK.
Liam Clifford of GlobalVisas.com said: "In order to achieve a sustainable level of debt within the economy, it seems that Brits face a wave of further spending cuts, tax increases and increased immigration to support the ageing population.
"It's perhaps understandable that the younger generation may consider moving abroad to avoid the impact of these measures whilst they still enjoy the flexibility of youth."
"The results of our survey could be considered worrying for future governments, as it seems that the pillars of support in place for the older generation, rather than being propped up by immigration, are in danger of being removed by emigration as the young consider 'jumping ship'. Economic woes could create a vicious cycle, which the UK may struggle to counteract."
I popped God's Not Dead on the Netflix to have a laugh while I ate my dinner and scribbled in my private journal about how awesome I am. Now I can't look away. I have found Jesus. It comes right before the wide-eyed expression of disbelief and the “fucking … (this is a really long pause) … Christ, was that an asian joke?”
It was.
Now, I am a fairly vocal atheist, and I hear my social role is to get up in arms about how this movie portrays atheists. I'm over it: there are only so many times you can be told you're going to Hell before it becomes background noise. I'm not going to criticize this movie on the grounds that I don't agree with its worldview. What's more important to me is using my $100,000 film degree for something other than marking where I gave up reading Infinite Jest. So this is a review of the film according to the seven years' official education I had in film, plus the eight or so I spent studying it on my own. There's some significant overlap there since I didn't pay a lot of attention in college, so let's go with twelve years total. Maybe nine.
Opening. Actually pretty strong. The music is catchy, and thirty seconds in, I wouldn't be able to distinguish it from the annual indie feel-good movie. Two minutes in, we're still listening to the same song. This situation should only arise when the song is breathtakingly beautiful and the supporting visuals are at once nuanced and compelling. As it is, it's an 80s romance montage but twice as long with way, way too many establishing shots. Mercifully, the music ends, after implying something about angels in three verses.
We meet the protagonist and he's wearing a cross. I won't get into the dialogue, because I was too distracted by the chime sound effects following every line of the opening exchange. Structurally, this scene is sound. Establish your protagonist and the main conflict as soon as possible: God's Not Dead does it in the first minute or so, if you forgive them the overture, which I don't. But having somebody hit a xylophone after every (ding) single (ding) line (ding) is evidence that there aren't enough good jobs anymore. It takes the viewer out of the moment because it's beating them over the head with a sign reading “ARE YOU NOT AMUSED? HAVE YOU NOT HEARD OUR CLEVER BANTER?”
Then, woefully, we pan over to a girl who for some reason says, “What does PRC stand for?” to the asian student in front of her. Why she has or cares about this information is a mystery reserved for God, but she's clearly confused by it, so the asian student has to explain, “People's Republic of China” to which she replies, “Oh. Seriously?” leading to the clarinet-backed punchline, “Yes. Always serious.”
Glad we've got our stereotypes out of the way.
Next, we have an interaction with a businessman withholding directions from his girlfriend because he's busy. I know this character is a chief villain, but give him something less unbelievably petty than him asking “What's in it for me?” in response to his significant other's request for directions. The entire exchange takes more time than it would take to give anybody directions from anywhere to anywhere. This is poor characterization because it overplays his hand. A better movie and a better set of actors would have played the exact same situation as flirting. This movie's message is already getting in the way of its execution, and, sorry Dean Cain, you're just not great at this job.
Seven minutes in.
It's physically difficult not to take cheap shots at this movie. The only black character so far has made an incorrect statement for the benefit of the teacher's speech, and introduced himself as g-dog to the approving titters of the class. That was not a cheap shot. That's what happened. And I feel like mentioning it is a cheap shot.
The class is “Introduction to Philosophical Thought” and the professor, Hercules, opens with a boring lecture on atheism, replete with an myopic list of philosophers and Sigmund Freud who said they were atheists.
After our Christian protagonist refuses to sign a document stating “God is dead,” Hercules threatens him with a failing grade unless he can win a debate on the subject. There's an important throwaway line here: the protagonist argues that the class should judge the debate, instead of the teacher, and the teacher says, “Why would I want to empower them?” Well, because THAT'S YOUR JOB. YOUR ONLY JOB. YOU'RE A PHILOSOPHY TEACHER. Every other teacher of every other subject except film theory is giving them measurable life skills. You're supposed to empower them. Anyway, This is where the movie fails basic fact-checking, and seems to have missed the last thirty years of legal precedent: Hercules would be fired immediately and the student would be well within his rights to sue the school into rubble after this exchange, especially with two hundred witnesses. There are plenty of protections for religious views. The picture of a public university being a bastion of secular intolerance could only be written by someone who's never been to one. It's true they're not allowed to push religion on you, but they're also not allowed to give you shit for already having it. In theory, no one's allowed to punish anyone for what they do or do not believe. In practice, life sucks, get a lawyer.
The more important thing about this scene is a random cutaway to other characters doing various uninteresting things, which means somebody told the screenwriter the classroom scene was too long. It also means that there will be no subtlety in any of the characters or relationships: each one will be designed to illustrate a single point via caricature.
Atheist girlfriend interviews Willie Robertson about his Jesus-banging. Relevant, I guess. I initially assumed he was a ripoff of a Duck Dynasty personality, but turns out he actually is a Duck Dynasty personality. When I assumed he was a ripoff, I was ready to lambast the movie for not having the balls to address the issue directly. They do address it directly by having him in the movie as himself, but it feels awkward having an overlap of real-world personality with the fictional narrative. It's still not dealing with the Duck Drama in its real-world environment; it's dealing with an actual, recognizable publicity situation in a fictional world designed to support the character. It would have been more digestible if the character was still regulated to his space as a public figure, something watched and commented on by our active characters. As a conceptual tactic, it's interesting, but it's poorly implemented, so it's jarring.
Twenty-seven minutes in. I missed some drama or something. Protagonist is getting inspiration from the Bible. The Bible tells him to struggle onward. He texts his reverend, saying he's going to face his teacher in no-psalms-barred GPA combat. The rev is the coolest character by far. He's the follow-your-heart character that pops up in every Doctor Feel Good flick, and he makes me feel alright. He texts back, “Don't try to be clever. Just tell the truth.” I am absolutely behind this extremely reusable piece of advice that works in any context outside of politics, job interviews, and first dates. The rev is relatable. The “you do you” guy.
Okay. Atheist girlfriend of Dean Cain has just been diagnosed with cancer. The doctor says, “Look I know you're very important, and the world can't get along without you, but the world's getting ready to do exactly that.” That's some quality bedside manner, right there. It so cleverly disguises accusations of hubris. “Stilted and transparently pedantic” seems too kind a description of this dialogue.
Back to the protagonist. No one understands him. He's on his own. His girlfriend doesn't want him to risk their future over a debate with his philosophy teacher. This is a solid scene for the 40s, or even an 80s flick.
First debate. Atheist argument basically skipped, so we know this is not a thoughtful, exploratory film: it's a hero and villain play. I have no problem with this, but it does seem like the villain is hamstrung when he has no grounding argument, and is limited to antagonistic arguments. Strictly speaking, that's the antagonist's roll, but we're dealing with some very pedestrian narrative design.
Oh, and the teacher's harassing the protagonist again. How did this guy ever get a job? I've had some shitty teachers, but this guy is personally abusive, and reporting him is an obvious course of action.
Protagonist's girlfriend, in the process of breaking up with him, says, “I don't even have words to describe what I'm feeling right now!” This is what screenwriters refer to as a “Dude, I'm pretty hungover, just, I don't know, come up with a synonym for je ne sais quoi or whatever. Do you speak French? I don't speak French. My ex went to France once. I never had enough money. But my ship's coming, you know man? My ship's gonna come” line.
Dean Cain breaks up with his girlfriend after she tells him she has cancer. Admittedly, he's been built up as a sociopath from his first scene, which I think was his only other scene, but since he's only had two (maybe three, it's hard to pay attention), there's no emotional umph here. His entire character is Bad Person, so it's not surprising, disappointing, or especially moving unless you were predisposed to hate Dean Cain. I watched the good seasons of Lois & Clark, so my takeaway is he just needed a paycheck. There needs to be some investment in a character before he or she betrays us. Anyway, he seems to still be in the movie, so there may be more points for him to lose.
“My intellectual rigor falls to pieces when I'm around you.” Oh Hercules. You're so smooth with your student girlfriends.
And turning point! Exactly halfway through the movie, we discover the professor's girlfriend is Christian. That. Changes. Everything. I. Hope. It really doesn't, because the narrative is so divorced from the actual plot points. The lives and actions of the characters are all wearing the concrete galoshes of the movie's message. Curiously, the first time I tried to watch this movie, I had to turn it off and watch Nymphomaniac, which suffers from exactly the same problem: the dialogue's insistence on making its larger point interferes with the believability of the characters. And there are no explosions. Fundamentally, The Book of Eli made the same argument as God's Not Dead, and The Book of Eli was awesome. I got to the end of that movie shouting, “Fuck YEAH, God! Kick some motherfucking secular ass!” And The Book of Eli never once explicitly told me to think that: it was just a solid action movie.
More debate. Not letting this go: evolution never claimed to replace God, nor does evolution have anything to do with the origin of life. It has to do with the origin of species from a preexisting mechanism. Alright. I promised I wouldn't do this. Back to the technical review.
Now we get to the scene where the Muslim father kicks his daughter out for being Christian. The relationships in the Muslim family should have been the whole movie. This is the first serious emotion that I've seen in the film, if you can block out the soundtrack. This is people honestly conflicted between belief and family. When the father shuts the door on his daughter, everyone is torn apart, each trying to do what they think is right even as it destroys their lives. That's drama. This is the the best scene so far.
So the protagonist makes an excellent point. The professor is teaching anti-theism, not atheism. Hercules admits he hates God, student drops a logic bomb with “How can you hate something that doesn't exist,” big buildup, music swells, the students go all Dead Poet's Society, we have closure. Hercules, yet again, fails his final task.
About twenty minutes to go here, so back to Dean Cain. The odd thing about his character is it's so superfluous. His sole purpose is to make the atheist a hated thing, but we have that in the professor. I expect the difference is one is redeemable and the other is not. I buy that, even if it's no wushu drama. But if we have the unredeemable in a character drama where there is truth, we need to know more about the unredeemable character. What's their motivation to reject the truth? That's important not just narratively, but ideologically: what psychological pitfalls do I need to watch out for as a young Christian to stop myself from cozying up to the devil? I don't know. Apparently I need to already have everything and look like Dean Cain. And be a sociopath.
Oooo, a drummer joke. That's hip. Here the atheist girl converts after talking to the cool Christian band, because she's afraid and alone and dying of cancer.
The potentially redeemable Hercules gets hit by a car while trying to make peace with his Christian girlfriend (at least I think that's what he was doing). Cool rev tells him God's giving him another chance, by hitting him with a car, putting him in enormous pain, and making him afraid. He converts and dies. So that happened. Putting a character's primary personal revelation in the context of near-death is a copout. I love Star Wars, but no, Vader does not get a pass. The character should either go guns blazing or have to deal with the fact that they've wasted their life. Hercules doesn't even have to come clean to the protagonist.
The movie seems to want to have its cake and also run over its cake with a car. It sacrifices an enormous amount of screen time to supposedly reasonable arguments at the expense of exploring personal relationships, yet the big moments of conversion do not come from people being convinced by these arguments. Instead, they come from fear of death. So the movie is sort of about making a reasonable case for God in the form of poking holes in a strictly anti-theist argument, except it's actually about how everyone secretly believes in God, they're just hiding it because they're angry or greedy or Dean Cain.
All these failings get brushed aside because this movie isn't made for human viewers. This movie is made for God. The protagonist doesn't have to find closure with the antagonist, the Muslim girl doesn't have to reconcile with her father, the Chinese student doesn't have to deal with constant stereotypes. They only have to find God and trust that He is watching. Except Dean Cain. Dean Cain just has to keep forsaking God, so God can judge him appropriately, though he does it on camera, so it seems like we're supposed to pass judgement on him.
The movie works, in mysterious ways, no more or less than Pretty in Pink, with the caveat that there is an explanation for its shortcomings, we're just not divine enough to see it.
Actual Running
Now you're awake, dressed, and ready to go, but not so fast! If, like me, you have been spending your mornings only a few levels above that of a zombie, your muscles and joints are probably pretty stiff right about now so don't rush into the run. Give your body plenty of time to warm up. This could mean very different things for different people so listen to your body as you get out the door, and ease into the run.
And that's it, you're a morning runner. Sounds easy right? The last tip that I found pretty much everywhere was to find a running buddy to keep yourself accountable and that's something I don't have. That's where you come in. By posting this hears I'm hoping it holds me more accountable to the routine, and I'll be sharing my progress on Instagram for anyone who wants to follow, I'm sure I'll need any encouragement I can get! Aside from that, I'm always looking for advice from the running community so let me know if I'm missing anything from my plan. What's your morning routine look like? What time are you up and out the door? Let me know in the comments below!
President Donald Trump on Tuesday dodged responsibility for a botched mission he ordered in Yemen last month, placing the onus on the military and Barack Obama's administration instead.
Bill Owens, the father of Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens, the Navy SEAL who died in the operation, demanded an investigation into his son's death over the weekend. Owens further revealed he couldn't bear to meet Trump at the airport as Ryan's casket was carried off the military plane last month.
Asked about the matter during an interview with Fox News' “Fox ‘n' Friends,” Trump repeatedly said “they” were responsible for the outcome of the mission, in reference to the military.
“This was a mission that was started before I got here. This was something they wanted to do,” he said. “They came to me, they explained what they wanted to do ― the generals ― who are very respected, my generals are the most respected that we've had in many decades, I believe. And they lost Ryan.
“I can understand people saying that. I'd feel ― ‘What's worse?' There's nothing worse,” he added. “This was something that they were looking at for a long time doing, and according to [Defense Secretary Jim] Mattis it was a very successful mission. They got tremendous amounts of information.”
Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan blasted Germany, Nato, Washington and Israel in a speech to his party on July 25, accusing foreign agents of attempting to “break my country up into pieces”.
Some analysts speculated that the speech might signal that Ankara is accelerating its political realignment away from the West and towards Moscow. In his speech, Erdoğan defiantly vowed that Turkey would move ahead with its purchase of S-400 advanced missile defence batteries from Russia, which would be incompatible with the systems of fellow Nato members.
Erdoğan's lashing out came the day after there were some signs that Ankara was feeling the heat from a German reorientation of policy towards Turkey which might threaten its tourism industry and investment environment. Hours after he spoke the EU warned the Turkish foreign minister that Ankara's accession into the European bloc would not progress unless Turkey halted its slide towards authoritarianism.
“You're going to prevent Turkey's president and ministers from speaking in your country, but your agents are going to swarm in, come to hotels here and break my country up into pieces?” Erdoğan said in his speech, according to Bloomberg. “That's not going to happen. Either you're going to show respect for our sovereign rights, you're going to be partners, friends and allies on just and equal terms, or you're going to get a response to every act of disrespect.”
“God willing, we'll see [the Russian missile batteries] in our country soon," Erdoğan also reportedly said, claiming that Turkey had worked for years to buy similar systems from the US but was not able to seal a deal allowing joint production. “If we can't get what we want from America, we have to search elsewhere,” he was reported as saying.
Erdoğan also called on all Muslims to visit Jerusalem and the Al-Aqsa mosque. The site has triggered recent Israeli-Palestinian unrest and Erdoğan has joined those voices claiming Israel is attempting to take the mosque away from Muslims.
Part of Berlin's toughened policy against Turkey includes suspending arms deals involving the country until all such transactions are reviewed.
Germany was quite restrained in its response to Erdoğan prior to the April referendum on introducing an executive presidency in Turkey, when the president aimed Nazi jibes at the Germans after Turkish ministers were barred from addressing expatriate Turkish voters.
However, Berlin has grown increasingly unsettled at what it sees as Turkey's blatant disregard for human rights – including those of many journalists – amid the state of emergency in the country, introduced after the attempted coup in July last year and recently extended by another three months. It has also been angered by Turkey's refusal to allow German delegations to visit German troops stationed in Turkey.
German ministers have spoken of not allowing Ankara to blackmail Berlin.
Digger's Diary, Street Pass Arena, and more
Wondering which version of Shovel Knight to get? Well, maybe some additional features might help. Thanks to the 3DS' two screens, when you play Shovel Knight you don't have to stop shoveling fools to change your items or view gear.
Cooler still is the Street Pass Arena, explained to a wide-eyed Holmes above. You have to collect five gems in five seconds and defeat the other Shovel Knights, but there are no other Shovel Knights. But when you Street Pass someone, your recordings go head to head and you can watch the wild stabs at nothing after the fact.
On the Wii U, you'll see Digger's Diary messages on the gamepad in every area, similar to Dark Souls. But you can draw, too. More like Dicker's Diary. A lot will be drawn. Of course, the Wii U will also get multiplayer in an impending, free update.
Which version of Shovel Knight are you getting? It definitely looks appropriate for the 3DS.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United are yet to receive a suitable offer for Serbian international striker Aleksandar Mitrovic .
Mitrovic netted his first goal of the season against Nottingham Forest during the 3-2 loss at St James' Park this week and has since been the subject of interest from two Italian sides.
Indeed, Serie A sides Hellas Verona and Cagliari have both enquired about a possible season-long loan deal for the former Anderlecht star.
However, Newcastle sees no benefit in loaning out Mitrovic and have also knocked back other offers in which clubs have proposed to pay only a portion of the striker's wages.
Rafa Benitez has made it clear to his board that he can't let Mitrovic go unless there is a guarantee of a replacement.
(Image: Newcastle United)
Both loan bids from Hellas Verona and Cagliari have been rejected and only cash bids or loans that contain an obligation to make the deal permanent will be considered from United.
Last week Benitez said he'd only consider a “very good offer” for Mitrovic.
The Toon chief commented: “If you say you can pay £220m for Neymar, how much is the striker at the next level?
“And the next?
“I said the other day, if you can kick the ball forward it's £10million, if you can score it's £20million.
“So how much do you expect someone interested in Gayle or Mitro or one of our players to ensure it's the right price? We would have to sign another one. We don't have too many strikers.”
American city officials, take note: Sometimes the remedy to a purported problem is worse than the disease. This is a lesson fan of Sydney's once vibrant nightlife are beginning to learn. After the punching deaths of two teenagers and immense public outcry, officials sought to address the issue of drug and alcohol-fueled violence by banning takeaway alcohol after 10:00 pm throughout New South Wales and creating “CBD Entertainment Precincts.”
Bars, clubs, and music venues within these zones would, among other things, be forced to turn away new patrons after 1:30 am and stop serving alcohol after 3:00 am. Prior to implementation of these “lockout laws,” venue owners warned that it would devastate the area's social scene and even force many of them to go out of business. It turns out this wasn't just reactionary hyperbole.
In a post that has gone viral, Matt Barrie, Chief Executive at Freelancer.com, details how much damage lockout laws have done, and describes a Sydney that seems utterly abandoned.
From 2012 to 2015 … Kings Cross foot traffic was down 84 per cent as 42 bars, clubs and small businesses closed as takings fell by 40 per cent or more. Foot traffic in Oxford St is likewise down 82 per cent. This is already on top of a drop of up to 60 per cent which occurred from 2010 from 2012 as the increasing regulation kicked in … On Saturday nights tumbleweeds blow across the main entertainment precincts for Sydney…
Venues that were once staples of the city are now closing their doors, not just for the 3:00 am lockout, but permanently. Notable losses include the “swankiest” bar in Sydney, Hugo's Lounge, which took the prize of the best pizza shop in Australia at the National Restaurant and Catering Awards and was deemed “the World's Best Pizza” at the American Pizza Challenge in New York. Hugo's closed down last summer with the owner blaming the restrictive rules. Manager Dave Evans noted that “stringent conditions … crippled our business [and] we have seen turnover drop in the Cross by 60 per cent.”
By some accounts, assaults are down 40 percent in the city. But that might not be worth the price for many lamenting the loss of their city's nightlife. As Elizabeth Farrelly at the Sydney Morning Herald put it, “[Even if] the legislation has worked, the cost may be more than we should pay.” But despite the city government's insistence that the lockout laws are working, they may only be displacing crime, not reducing it. After all, if you push the people who might perpetrate a crime into other areas, they'll just commit the crimes elsewhere, which is what early reports seem to indicate is happening.
So, is the “total and utter destruction of Sydney's night-life” worth it? Some people think we should do whatever it takes to reduce violence. Shutting down a city at 3:00 am, forcing businesses to close, compelling visitors to spend their money and time somewhere else—it's all worth it to stop a few drunken idiots from causing trouble in our town. Of course, by that logic we could drastically reduce noise complaints by banning businesses that make a lot of noise in an area by having fewer restaurants or decrease the number of kids injured at school by prohibiting them from playing.
These examples might seem drastic, but they're already happening. Despite the danger-loving, hard-drinking reputation of its residents, over the decades Australia has enacted an ever growing web of oppressive regulations meant to save Australians from their own dumb choices. The country has been described as “one of the most rule obsessed and bureaucratic places.” From compulsory bicycle helmet laws, a practical nationwide ban on e-cigarettes, ineffective plain packaging rules that force Soviet-style packaging on cigarettes (and suggestions that they ought to do the same for alcohol and fast food), and even a meat tax, Australian lawmakers are hell-bent on stopping Australians from doing anything that might potentially harm them.
But many Australians seem to have had enough. Critics of the “lockout” laws savaged the Facebook page of New South Wales Premier Mike Baird. His “aggressive” responses to the more than 15,000 comments only made matters worse, with some businesses in NSW now denying him entry and people questioning the effectiveness and motivation behind the new rules. As one Sydney business owner noted:
“I like you a lot as a premier, but you're just flat out NOT telling the truth. Of course confining people to their homes reduces violence,” one Sydney business owner wrote to Baird on Twitter. “But violence per capita is up, it's increased according to BOSCAR in surrounding suburbs and violence at the Star Casino is also up. You're also ignoring the fact that violence was trending downwards anyway.”
Star Casino, mentioned in the tweet, is one of the State's most violent venues, yet it was conveniently excluded from the new rules, which has been a huge boon since patrons kicked out of clubs and bars often migrate to the casino for early-morning partying. Certainly, it has nothing to do with the fact that Baird's party has received untold millions from the casino industry over the years.
Has all this made Sydney a “laughing stock” throughout the world? I'm not sure, but certainly the backlash hasn't done anything good for the nation's reputation. While it used to be considered a prime destination for fun in the sun, the land of Oz now just seems like the land of the fun police. Australians, fed up with this suffocating coddling, are sending a message to their government. Hopefully, it is one heard by would-be nannies around the world.
This morning, when I went out to get baguettes for breakfast, I stopped into a local Catholic parish to have a look at the church's interior. I saw this bulletin board at the back, listing the baptisms, marriages, and funerals in the parish. As you can see, there are none. According to research done last year for a French Catholic newspaper, only 2.9 percent of the French practice Catholicism. Christianity is essentially dead in this country. From a 2011 PBS report on religion in France:
OLIVIER BOBINEAU (Paris Institute of Political Studies): But people don't like [public display of religion]. They don't like it, even Catholics. The pilgrimage to Chartres? Those are fundamentalists, traditionalists. Our culture erases religion. We're here but we don't show ourselves. POTTER: Olivier Bobineau teaches the sociology of religion and lives it himself. He's a Catholic who wears a small cross on a chain that he keeps hidden most of the time. But one night, at a meeting with high government officials… (speaking to Bobineau): … so you leaned forward, you could see it, and somebody said.. BOBINEAU: Be careful. POTTER: … put that away. BOBINEAU: Yeah. Today it's unimaginable to go against the state, against the public space, and to show a cross, a skullcap, a veil. It's impossible. It's wanting to destroy the state. That's what the French feel. The majority of French people do not think it's possible to be French and Muslim. Most French people think you can't be a citizen and believe in God. We are the most atheist people in the world. Why? Because when you are a believer, in France people think you have lost your freedom, your reason, okay?
So, though reports like today's Pew poll numbers showing that American identification with particular religions or churches starkly declining are troubling to religious conservatives, America remains a paradise of faith compared to much of Europe. I spoke with a French Catholic today who said that he wants to emigrate to America, in part so his children can grow up in a culture that supports the faith. I have an English Catholic friend back in Philly who told me once that as much as she missed her homeland, she would rather have her children grow up in a culture that respects their faith. It's very easy for us religiously conservative Americans to despair over the direction of our own culture, especially with regard to religion, but really, we have it so, so good. I say that not in a triumphalist spirit, but only as a corrective to my own customary gloom on the subject.
Along those lines, you might say that the new poll numbers (the results of which cannot be a surprise to anyone who is a familiar with Robert Putnam and David Campbell's book “American Grace”) are actually not such a bad thing, given that many Americans still express a belief in God, just not in a particular church or form of religion. I think that's misleading; whatever it's flavor, Moralistic Therapeutic Deism (as this is generally called) is a false form of Christianity, of Judaism, and of Islam. My guess is that a generation that believes in MTD — which gives the psychological and emotional comforts of religion without any substance — will live to see its grandchildren completely secularized, like the French and the English. We Americans are on that track. Slowly, to be sure, but the direction is clear. We know that contrary to progressivist dogmas of earlier ages, the future of the world is not fated to be secular; I'm not at all so sure about the West, though. Has there ever been a Christian culture that lost its religion, but regained it? I can't think of one, nor can I think of how it might happen, absent some sort of civilizational catastrophe that compels a desperate return to Christian roots. Even if such a thing happened, why would deracinate Europeans necessarily turn back to Christianity, as opposed to some sort of revised paganism, or even Islam?
Also, I agree with my TAC pal Alan Jacobs on this: it's better to know the truth about where Americans stand on religion than to live in comforting denial.
Gloves off over boxing kangaroo dispute
Updated
The International Olympic Committee's (IOC) move to ban the boxing kangaroo flag from the Winter Games village in Vancouver has been called scandalous, ridiculous and infantile.
The Australian team has been asked to remove the flag because it has been deemed inappropriate, but that request has drawn some angry responses.
The boxing kangaroo is still flying high over an apartment block in the Olympic Village in Vancouver - but its days might be numbered. The International Olympic Committee says the flag is too commercial.
Chef de Mission with the Australian team, Ian Chesterman, says the IOC wants it taken down.
"We thought it was appropriate but they didn't agree with that because it's a commercial trademark - and being quite strict on commercial trademarks at these games - they said to us please take it down," he said.
Mr Chesterman says the flag will only be taken down when the IOC provides a written request.
"We're hoping to keep it up there. I think the people around Vancouver are getting right behind it too," he said.
"I walk into the village and get a great sense from the police and the officials and from other competitors and coaches saying 'hey, that looks fantastic' and then you say to somebody 'I think we might have to take it down' and they say that would be a great shame."
The boxing kangaroo became Australia's sporting symbol in 1983 when it was used in the successful America's Cup.
John Longley was part of the crew.
"It was an image that we created, to be a symbol for what we stood for, which was the red gloves. It used to have a red eye and the puffed up chest and so forth. It was aggressive, we're taking the world on," he said.
The Australian Olympic Committee has since bought the trademark and now the boxing kangaroo is seen among crowds at Olympic and Commonwealth Games and other major sporting events.
'Too controlling'
Mr Longley says the IOC just doesn't get it.
"The IOC are one of the most controlling organisations on the planet and they look after their commercial interests with absolute rigid situations," he said.
"I understand them doing it, but the reason that they've done it is because they don't get it.
"Maybe if someone explained to them what the flag was, then maybe they would understand that it ... is Australia's sporting flag. That's what it's become."
Olympic gold medallist Kieran Perkins says the International Olympic Committee's request to have the roo removed is disappointing.
"I think it's one of those classic sporting tales - men in blazers who love nothing more than to wield the voluntary power they have received and athletes who think they should have the right to look after themselves the way they want to, butting heads," he said.
Perkins says for some athletes, sporting symbols like the boxing kangaroo can be a source of motivation.
"For me it was more about what you were wearing when you pull on that jumper, or you've got that pair of swimmers and the cap on, that has those symbols," he said.
"Those things to me were the real gee-up moments. Whereas what's hanging off the walls didn't tend to bother me too much.
"But that's me personally. I do know though that there are guys that really do find those sorts of symbols awe inspiring. It can be extremely beneficial."
Perkins says for the sake of the games the Australians should obey the request if the IOC does provide a written request.
"The last thing you want to do is distract the athletes from what really matters - which is their preparation and competition - with infantile arguments over a flag that's been hung outside the building," he said.
"I do think that one of the issues you always get in these sorts of scenarios is with the personalities involved.
"If it turns out that the person from the IOC who made the complaint is particularly stubborn or dogged about the issue, then it can blow up into something which becomes a distraction.
"At the end of the day that is unnecessary and only going to disadvantage our athletes."
Nobody from the IOC was available for comment.
Topics: winter-olympics, sport, canada, australia
First posted
SCP-543
SCP-543
Item #: SCP-543
Object Class: Euclid
Special containment procedures: Access to SCP-543 is restricted to staff with Level 2 clearance. Detailed observation of SCP-543 has thus far been restricted to Class D personnel.
Description: SCP-543 is a collection of ████ 4-hour VHS videotapes from various manufacturers. Total length of tape is ████ hours. Tapes are labeled with dates and times from ██/██/████ to ██/██/████.
All tapes viewed so far appear to be "noise" or "snow" recorded from an empty analog television channel. However, those who watch the tapes for long enough are able to discern an image (see Addenda 543-1 and 543-2).
Discovery: SCP-543 was found in a single-room apartment in the ███████ Building, ███████, █████████, on ██/██/████. The room contained a ████████ brand 38.1 cm analogue television set with "rabbit ears" set-top antenna. Television was tuned to the "gap" between local stations ██ and ██. Antenna was attached to a tangle of wires that filled the entire room from floor to ceiling except for a small area in front of the television. SCP-543 was stacked along the walls and strewn on the floor.
In front of the television was the apartment's tenant, ████████████, adult male, deceased. Head was buried in the television; he had rammed it through the glass screen himself and died of electrocution. Signs of extreme malnutrition. Evidently, after filling the room with wires, he was unable or unwilling to remove any, confining himself to a smaller and smaller space. Body surrounded by food wrappers and excrement.
Body was discovered by building's landlord after continued non-payment of rent. Police dismantled antenna structure to retrieve the body. Examination of crime scene photos and investigation of █████'s behaviour show the wires were placed in four stages over the ███ days before his death:
Stage 1. Coat hangers attached to antenna with scotch tape. ██ hours of VHS tape.
Stage 2. Reel of 6-gauge wire and duct tape purchased from local hardware store. ███ hours of tape.
Stage 3. Waste wire scavenged from construction sites (█████ had lost his job at ████████████ due to persistent absenteeism). ████ hours of tape.
Stage 4. Apartment ransacked. Springs removed from mattress, appliances dismantled for wiring. Exits blocked. One tape, unlabeled, found in the VCR by police.
Addendum 543-1: Summary of SCP-543 observation logs (D-671)
Personnel D-671 was given a random selection of tapes (███ hours in total), viewed in chronological order with VCR and television of the same model as █████'s. Steel mesh fitted over screen as a precaution.
In tapes made during Stage 1, D-671 identified the image as unremarkable "TV noise". Later she claimed to discern an image and requested that it be "tuned in".
In Stage 2 tapes, instead of a two-dimensional "wall" of snow D-671 claimed to see a vast, three-dimensional space. She stressed the size of the space - "bigger than anything you've seen," "bigger than anything ever". Beginning of claustrophobic tendencies.
D-671 reported Stage 3 tapes as "clearer and sharper". She now claimed to see "things" occupying the immense space. Whether they were animate, or indeed whether they were entities or events, is unclear. Once again she emphasized their size, becoming agitated when interviewers "did not get it". Severe claustrophobia, anxiety, night terrors.
After viewing █ minutes of the final, unlabeled tape D-671 attempted to remove the mesh over the screen, stripping three fingernails and breaking her nose before being restrained. Currently isolated in four-point restraints. Cooperates with interviewers but answers are repetitive (see Addendum 543-2).
Addendum 543-2: (partial transcript of interview w/ D-671, 1015h ██/██/████)
Dr █████████: Why did you do it?
D-671: Because here isn't big enough. Not when you've seen there.
Dr █████████: Big enough for what?
D-671: (pause) Why do you think the TV can see them?
Dr █████████: …
D-671: Because they're everywhere. They're all through us. And we're not big enough. And it hurts.
This story has been updated
Prominent conservative media critic Dan Gainor has offered $100 to the first member of Congress who punches "smary [sic] idiot" Alan Grayson (D-Fl.) in the nose, reports Media Matters. When fellow conservative Jim Geraghty responded (via Twitter) that Gainor should offer that $100 to Grayson's opponent instead of "financ[ing] violence," Gainor tweeted that he was joking, although he would "love to see the video."
The outburst was prompted by comments that Grayson made on the House floor last night regarding unemployment: namely, that Republican lawmakers are "taking food out of the mouths of children" and "trying to revive the America of desperate straits and cheap labor" by blocking the passage of legislation that would extend unemployment benefits. Gainor tweeted that Grayson is "a caricature of a Congressman," in addition to offering cash for a physical assault on him.
Gainor is the vice president of the Media Research Center, a $6 million-a-year organization that has been praised by Rush Limbaugh, Ann Coulter, and Newt Gingrich, and he is often cited, interviewed and otherwise taken very seriously by Washington Post ombudsman Andrew Alexander.
Advertisement Second dog decapitated near Hamilton train tracks removed from scene by owner Police say dog's body was laid on tracks so it was decapitated by passing train Share Copy Link Copy
The Hamilton Police Department is investigating and residents are on alert after a decapitated dog was found on the train tracks between Urban and G streets, and social media posts showed a second dog that police believe was removed from the scene.Watch this storyTina Adams lives near the railroad tracks where the dogs were found. Adams remembers hearing a train blow its whistle Sunday night."I guess it was about midnight, I heard the train whistle behind my house. Now I know enough to know that the trains don't whistle behind houses unless there's something on the tracks," Adams said.Police said they received a call Tuesday morning, reporting two decapitated dogs near the railroad tracks.When officers responded, they found one dog's body at the scene. Police said the dog's body was laid out on the tracks so it was decapitated by a passing train.Officers said while conducting the investigation, they learned of a social media posting with photos of a second dog, also decapitated.However, a second dog's body was not found at the scene. Investigators have since learned that dog was removed by the owner and buried. They are working now to recover that dog to examine.Police said the investigation revealed that the dogs were first found along the tracks Sunday evening, but police were not notified by a caller until Tuesday.Sgt. Ed Buns said that concerns him."People are more inclined to put things on social media and share it among themselves and not notify law enforcement," Buns said. "The sooner we get information, the better the opportunity we have to solve it."Buns said the social media post also indicated that the dogs were shot.However, an inspection of the dog found at the scene by police showed no signs of a gunshot or other injury that would have resulted in the death of the animal, prior to being struck by a train, police said.With three dogs of her own, Adams is worried for her and her pets safety."I'm scared, I'm fearful. A lot of people around this neighborhood have pets," Adams said. "Nothing deserves to die the way that dog did, nothing, nothing."The Butler County dog warden is working with police to determine what happened."At this point, we don't know," Buns said. "The social media post said one of the dogs was shot, but the dog we have in our custody, we cannot find any evidence of that."Police say that area of South G Street is often used by people cutting through the neighborhood."It happens all over Butler County, but I mainly see it in Hamilton and Middletown, that's where we mainly get the most abused animals," Joseph's Legacy foster coordinator, Krista Snyder, said. "There's always another option. You can either take them to Animal Friends, take them to a rescue, post them online, find someone to do it. I don't understand why anyone would ever go to that length to hurt and kill an animal."Joseph's Legacy l Animal Friends Humane Society l Cincinnati Area Animal Shelters/RescuesAnyone with information is asked to call the detective section at 513-868-5811 EXT. 2002.
Jesus Sananda
channelled by Jahn J Kassl on August 19, 2013
http://www.lichtweltverlag. com/de/blog/index.html
first published in English on August 20, 2013 in
www.stankovuniversallaw.com
translated by Georgi Stankov
Report:
I am driving the car on the way back to Vienna. Due to an accident, there is a traffic jam for a short period of time before it goes on smoothly again. When I pass by at the accident site, there is nothing more to see, it is cleared, as if nothing has happened. (End of Report)
Loved ones,
I am Jesus Sananda. This at first glance trifle observation illustrates the current rapid progress of change in the separations of the last levels. Building on the message of “Captain and Navigator” it is shown that there may be still some brief delays (traffic jams), but overall they will not have a decisive role any more. That the accident site is cleared and clean, shows that the upheavals that have occurred in the course of ascension are happening far away from you, who have chosen the light. It shows you again that you shall remain intact and that you shall arrive sound, whole and perfect at the fifth dimension.
This is a recurrent confirmation of the current dynamics of ascension, which has to be adjusted every moment to new circumstances, and will be – and that, even if the overarching scenario is fixed and unalterable. So much to this topic.
In these days you can see that some people – there are more of those than anticipated – who prepare for their journey into the light, while putting their hands in leisure in their lap and staying away from their final transformation work. Like students who stay away from the exam because they fear the uncertainty that comes from this moment. Some people now say, “I have learned enough, discerned enough, clarified enough.” They put their hands in the lap and wait till they will be picked up by the Galactic Federation and “ascended”, while others are awaiting their ascension in a light dress that they consider appropriate, which they however reject, as soon as they must take off their old clothes.
What does it mean? It means that until the very end one should proceed in an alert and decisive manner with his own transformation work. Because, as Jahn's report shows, there can and will be “accidents” for those who stop short of the target due to false assumptions, so that they can awaken. Who is as close to the final goal as these Light Warriors, will now be brought by all means to the end.
Nothing can be excluded, everything should be expected, now, that the inertia has crept back again into the hearts of the children of men, who are called to higher dimensions. Ascension is not just a fine-tuned affair for the heavenly realms and the “experts” on the ground, but means first and foremost for each and every adept of ascension an incessant work, while moving forward with his still rigid life issues – and this until the very LAST MOMENT! Be aware that any delay in the process of ascension has been a gift to you, that you should have used wisely and possibly should still do.
Do not miss these opportunities, even though you have been told that it is all done. “All done,” means that the ascension process is irreversible, but you “should do everything” until ascension is fulfilled for you, for each one of you. The goal in mind, many people reckon to have already arrived at the final destination. This deception must now be overcome. Integrate the thin air of the spiritual heights and wake up because fantasy and reality have never been so close to each other as currently when you return to the bliss of God.
On the upper 4D earth the Dark has only power over you, as long as you accept this yourself. That is, as long as you are open to be hurt and energetically accessible in certain areas, the “deceiver of Darkness” will disseminate his rotten seed. Beyond this nothing and no one can do you any harm. How can the darkness reach you, when you stay fully in the light?
You are fully protected, you should be certain about this. However, where you open the door yourself to an uninvited guest, this protection will be ineffective. This is due to the free will of man, by which all decisions are still driven.
Remain clear, be brave, be the gardener in the garden of the Lord to the very end, for verily: the time of the great harvest is now.
I am the one who loves you infinitely, forever
Jesus Sananda
Back in November, we hosted our first-ever live DPD — witnessed by a sell-out crowd at public radio station KPCC's Crawford Family Forum in Los Angeles, CA. this week we're sharing some highlights of the evening for those of you who couldn't make it.
Our audience that night submitted etiquette questions to us – and a lucky few got 'em answered by LeVar Burton – with some help from guest of honor Aubrey Plaza.
In the 1970's, Burton starred in the miniseries “Roots” — one of the most-watched TV event sin history. Fans of “Star Trek: The Next Generation” know him as Geordi LaForge (a blind character who wore high-tech eyewear called a VISOR to see). But he's maybe best known as host of the PBS TV series “Reading Rainbow,” which for 23 years encouraged children to turn off the TV and “take a look in a book.” Many of those kids apparently grew up to be in our audience.
Rico Gagliano: So, we're in a public radio station. This place must be like visiting an embassy for you, right?
Brendan Francis Newnam: It's like this and libraries you can go into and they'll give you refuge, right?
LeVar Burton: I feel most at home in libraries and public radio stations.
Brendan Francis Newnam: And ComicCons, I'm guessing, too.
LeVar Burton: ComicCons are a little awkward.
Rico Gagliano: People love you too much. All right — so your latest project is a Reading Rainbow app. The question is, why an app? Why not do a new TV show; I think everybody here would love to see the TV show continued.
LeVar Burton: Rico! Kids today… the television screen is just one screen that they use during the course of any given day. If you want to reach kids today, you need to be on a tablet computer. You need to be on a mobile device.
Rico Gagliano: That's scary.
LeVar Burton: It can be, but look… I don't care if it's in a bound book or on a tablet, I simply want kids to read.
[some in audience applaud]
Brendan Francis Newnam: Well, I don't want kids to read, but I don't want to get into that…
Rico Gagliano: Yeah — I wanna know who are the people that didn't applaud that line? What is wrong with you guys?!
Brendan Francis Newnam: All right, So, we told folks coming tonight to submit their questions.
LeVar Burton: About etiquette. I know nothing about etiquette, you know.
Rico Gagliano: So what.
LeVar Burton: Okay.
Brendan Francis Newnam: Is Neil Spinler out there? All right, Neil. Neil wrote: “Is it okay to dog-ear a page in a library book if I don't have anything nearby to act as a bookmark?”
Rico Gagliano: Destroying public property, basically.
Brendan Francis Newnam: I know, this is a no-brainer.
Neil: I wanna know where I left off! The good thing is that I'm checking out library books, right?
LeVar Burton: Neil… no. It's not okay. You cannot dog-ear a library book, man!
Rico Gagliano: Really?
LeVar Burton: No!
Rico Gagliano: [fearfully] I mean, I've never done it. I would never do that, LeVar. I'm just saying —
LeVar Burton: I will cut you, man!
Rico Gagliano: But, really, is it that gross misconduct? Come on!
Brendan Francis Newnam: It's public property. It'd be like ripping up a tree in a park, so you remember where you hiked to.
Rico Gagliano: It would be folding up a tree… That'd be pretty awesome.
Aubrey Plaza: It's true, I mean, are folds ruining the pages or are they beautiful?
Rico Gagliano: Thank you.
Brendan Francis Newnam: But, when you read a library book, I mean, you know it was special…
LeVar Burton: It's called a bookmark, Neil! It's called a bookmark. They're everywhere. Anything can be a bookmark.
Neil: What if I'm in a park and I don't have some… I could use a leaf, I guess. A leaf. I'll use a leaf.
Rico Gagliano: I guess use a leaf, dude. Or LeVar will cut you. I think we'll just let you sit down now, sir.
LeVar Burton: I'm comin' out there after the show, Neil.
Rico Gagliano: Here's something some from Joanne Lin. Joanne asks, “As someone who has donned electrical eyewear for years on ‘Star Trek,' I think you would be uniquely-equipped to weigh-in on Google Glass. When and where can you wear it? Is it appropriate at a dinner party? What would Geordi say?”
LeVar Burton: I think Geordi would say, “Been there, done that, bought the soundtrack and the t-shirt.”
Rico Gagliano: What would LeVar say?
LeVar Burton: What would LeVar say? You know, Google Glass… I recently met the guy at Google that I've been wanting to talk to since the Glass project was announced, and we talked about the technology as it is evolving. My initial response when I saw someone with it on for the first time was, “Am I being recorded?” Right?
Brendan Francis Newnam: I thought, like, “Can they see through my clothes?” You didn't get that vibe?
LeVar Burton:That is the VISOR. Glass isn't that sophisticated yet.
Photo credit: Luis Gomez, KPCC
Rico Gagliano: That's what you were doing the whole time on “Next Gen”? You were just looking at people naked?
LeVar Burton: Yep, I was just lookin' at naked people.
Rico Gagliano: I'm gonna watch that show differently now. By the way, there's something in that box, isn't there?
LeVar Burton: Yes: I am asked all the time, “Could you see out of the VISOR?” And so I brought the VISOR to demonstrate just how difficult it was to see. This is the box, by the way, that the VISOR was delivered in by the propmaster, Charlie Russo, every time. It's a wooden box. It's got a little brass plate on it that says “Geordi LaForge”.
Rico Gagliano: You better hold on tight to that, by the way, after the show —
LeVar Burton: I will cut you, Rico!!
Rico Gagliano: …It's not just gonna be me, man; I think about half the audience is gonna bum rush you for that.
LeVar Burton: So, this is the VISOR, and it is molded to my face. It's a piece of machined metal. Here's the thing: We screwed the Visor into my head. For the folks at home, there are two cotter keys that… one goes clockwise, the other goes counter-clockwise… [he turns screws on each side of the VISOR into his temples] and I am literally screwing that puppy down.
Brendan Francis Newnam: Wow. Does that hurt at all?
Aubrey Plaza: He's shaking his head around and it's not falling.
LeVar Burton:Thank you for the play-by-play, Aubrey, for the folks at home.
Brendan Francis Newnam: Have you ever worn that at a dinner party?
LeVar Burton: No. Aubrey Plaza: Where's the weirdest place you've worn that? LeVar Burton: In bed with my wife. Aubrey Plaza: Yeah — there it is. That's what I wanted to hear. LeVar Burton: Warp speed, baby. Warp speed. Warp speed.
Brendan Francis Newnam: Does your wife want ‘warp speed'? Maybe we should talk about that after. That's another etiquette question — you can submit it and we'll get someone to answer it.
LeVar Burton: Anyway, Google Glass! Yeah, Google Glass… you know what? Google Glass… it's a downgrade. It's a downgrade.
Aubrey Plaza: No!
Rico Gagliano: You're saying no, no to Google Glass, Aubrey?
Aubrey Plaza: No. Put your dumb glasses away!
Brendan Francis Newnam: Yeah, they look weird. Let's skip ahead. Next is Hannah? Hannah, are you going to show your face?
Rico Gagliano: We're not going to give her last name, by request, and you'll see why in a second.
Hannah: In my defense, I thought that the questions were anonymous, so…
Rico Gagliano: Come on, now, you gave us permission to say your first name.
Brendan Francis Newnam: You asked us not to use your last name, but you're standing right there.
Hannah writes: “I love my mother dearly, but she has bad breath. Often! Should I just grin and bear it, or should I say something to her? If so, how can I address it without hurting her feelings?”
Aubrey Plaza: [gasps as though realizing something]
Brendan Francis Newnam: Go ahead, Aubrey, you wanna chime in here?
Aubrey Plaza: No, I just had an idea for an app. I did! It's called the “Bad Breath App.” You just anonymously send a note to someone that has bad breath, and the note comes from the app, but it's really polite, and gives you links to how to fix it. Someone pay me a million dollars so I can create that, and now everyone will steal it — good-bye.
Brendan Francis Newnam: No; this can be bundled into the Reading Rainbow app, because people read close to each other. Breath is important.
LeVar Burton: Hannah, you're very close with your mother?
Hannah: Yes.
Brendan Francis Newnam: Too close.
LeVar Burton: Are you certain that it's your mother that has the bad breath?
Hannah: Yes.
LeVar Burton: Then, you should be able to have that conversation with her. The woman gave birth to you.
Brendan Francis Newnam: What do you do now? Do you give her mints?
Hannah: Occasionally, I've been like, “Oh, here's a piece of gum”.
LeVar Burton: I'd invest in Altoids, if I were you. Send her a bushel. Anonymously, of course!
Rico Gagliano: Using the app, perhaps.
Hannah: Yes. I'll pay for that app.
Aubrey Plaza: Okay! I really want to do it!
Brendan Francis Newnam: You know, Hannah, if you give us your last name, I don't think your mom's breath will bother you anymore.
Rico Gagliano: Yeah — she'll be out of your life, permanently.
Brendan Francis Newnam: So we can solve that right now.
German artist Oliver Bienkowski, who projected the words ‘United Stasi of America' together with a picture of Kim Dotcom on to the wall of the US embassy in Berlin, may face criminal charges.
Investigation has been launched into whether Bienkowski's action falls under the category of “slander against the organizations and representatives of a foreign state,” Berlin-based Der Tagesspiegel newspaper reports.
"For me it is not even clear whether German law would apply," objects Bienkowski's lawyer Fabian Eickstädt, reminding of the fact that the controversial image was projected onto the US embassy's wall, meaning the incident took place on the US territory.
The US embassy told Der Tagesspiegel it did not intend to prosecute the artist.
The message likening the United States to the Cold War-era East Germany intelligence agency was projected on to the wall on Sunday night. The light-generated sign also bore a picture of online activist Kim Dotcom, who later tweeted from New Zealand that he had "defaced the US embassy in Berlin,” commenting on the incident.
The projection was in response to leaks by former CIA employee Edward Snowden, who exposed a top-secret NSA surveillance program to the media.
The image stayed on the US embassy wall for no longer than 30 seconds. What helped the event resonate with the public was its YouTube video, which has already garnered more than 80,000 views.
While police have launched an investigation into the incident, the Chancellor Angela Merkel has for the first time given a detailed comment on the NSA spying scandal, condemning comparisons of the US surveillance program with East German spying methods.
“For me, there is absolutely no comparison between the Stasi and the work of intelligence agencies in democratic states,” Merkel said to German weekly Die Zeit. “They are two completely different things and such comparisons only lead to a trivialization of what the Stasi did to [East Germany's] people.”
This marks a shift from comments last month where her spokesman compared the NSA surveillance operation to that of Stasi. While in May Merkel said she turned down an offer to work for the Stasi when she was applying for a job at university, she said on an ARD television chat show.
Stasi employed extensive surveillance tactics against East German citizens during the Cold War, which still holds unpleasant memories for Germans.
With such activity commonplace in the GDR little more than 20 years ago, many Germans were particularly disturbed by Edward Snowden's revelations of NSA spying activity on Germany, which according to Der Spiegel classified Germany on the same target level as China.
“The most upset party in all of this, I think, is the Germans. In a country where memories of the former East German Stasi are quite fresh, the response has been quite critical,” Michael J. Geary, an assistant professor at Maastricht University, told the National Journal.
Android's dominance of the global smartphone is getting out of hand.
New data from IDC says Android owned 75 percent of the smartphone market in the third quarter of 2012. Apple was a distant second with 14.9 percent of the market.
Android's unit shipments nearly doubled on a year over year basis, growing 91 percent. Apple was up 57 percent. Android is taking share from BlackBerry, Symbian, Linux, and others.
Thus far, Android's incredible rise has had little impact on Apple's financial performance. It's still printing money. It's the world's most valuable company.
But, Tim Cook has to be worried that his company has become a niche player in the biggest global computing market.
Here's a table breaking it down:
IDC
Don't Miss: Why Apple Is At Risk Of Losing Its Lead With The iPad
Share. Big talk. Big talk.
Final Fantasy VII Remake's episodes will each be the size of a full-scale game, on par with installments of the Final Fantasy XIII sub-series.
There had previously been some confusion over the announcement that the game will be a multi-part series, with some asking whether it would take the form of something like Telltale's 2-3 hour episodes.
However, in the latest issue of Game Informer, producer Yoshinori Kitase clarifies, saying: "It will essentially be a full scale game for each part of the multi-part series [...] if we're just looking at each of these parts, one part should be on par with the scale of one Final Fantasy XIII game."
Exit Theatre Mode
Kitase was keen to make clear that that doesn't mean Final Fantasy VII Remake will be taking anything more than the general structure from XIII:
"In XIII, each instalment told the story from a different angle. It was kind of like approaching an unknown territory in a sense. Whereas with Final Fantasy VII Remake, we already have a preexisting story, so it wouldn't really make sense if that isn't encompassed in a multi-part series."
Exit Theatre Mode
Previously the game's director, Tetsuya Nomura, had stated that the game would feature "dramatic changes" from the original, and Kitase continued that message:
"I, along with [Tetsuya] Nomura-san and [Kazushige] Nojima-san--who are involved with the remake--were also involved with the original Final Fantasy. We were the people who created it, so in that sense, we don't think anything is untouchable. That isn't to say we're changing everything!"
FF7 still has no release date at this point, but the next game in the series, Final Fantasy XV, will release on September 30.
Joe Skrebels is IGN's UK News Editor and Chocobos frighten him. Scare him on Twitter.
TAMPA — Derek Jeter, Davis Islands resident and retired All-Star baseball player for the New York Yankees, was issued a citation Monday by the U.S. Air Force for boating into a restricted area near MacDill Air Force Base.
Air Force security forces stopped Jeter just before 5:30 p.m. on the Fourth of July, according to the base, and wrote the former Yankees shortstop a ticket that carries a $250 fine plus a $30 processing fee.
The citation came to light after an active-duty Air Force service member posted a photo of the citation to a personal social media page, MacDill spokesman Terry Montrose said in news release.
The Air Force apologized for the post and said the airman would be disciplined. "This action is totally inconsistent with Air Force values and the responsible Airman will face the appropriate disciplinary action," Montrose said. "We sincerely apologize to Mr. Jeter for any inconvenience."
Montrose said he could not identify the airman Tuesday and didn't know whether the airman played a role in issuing the citation.
A personal Facebook post surfaced depicting one photo of the citation purportedly issued to Jeter and a second photo from behind of someone on a boat. The Facebook post appears to have been removed but a screen shot appeared Tuesday on the wesbsite totalprosports.com.
"On behalf of the Boston Red Sox, here is your ticket Derek Jeter," the caption on the post said.
Jeter owns a 2015 Yamaha fiberglass pleasure boat, according to Florida vehicle registration records, but it was unclear Tuesday whether he was operating the vessel Monday.
Jeter, who retired as a major-league baseball player in 2014, owns a seven-bedroom, 30,000-square-foot mansion on the eastern shore of Davis Islands, about 5 miles by water northeast of the MacDill boundary.
Signs are posted in the waters 1,000 meters from the MacDill shoreline to warn boaters against entering the restricted area, Montrose said. It's common for security forces to cite boaters there, he said, adding that it's "really easy to drift into those waters."
Jeter could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Times senior news researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Contact Samuel Howard at (813) 226-3373 or [email protected] Follow @SamuelHHoward.
Garry Gold brings the mystical art of hypnosis to the stage in this breathtaking and hilarious show which undoubtedly will add the WOW Factor to your Corporate Event. Suitable for all events this Innovative and Unconventional Comedy Hypnosis Entertainment Act promises to have everyone sore from laughter. Garry is avalible to work in Dublin Cork waterford limerick Athlone Kerry Killarney
The Garry Gold hypnotist show is perfect entertainment for for any event, a social club, a live venue, a wedding, a fund raiser and much more ......... Garry has entertained audiences all over the U.K and Ireland. ​ Anywhere Garry will travel to you, wherever your event is held. He performs throughout the U.K. Ireland and Europe. ​ Affordable This is surprisingly affordable. Garry Gold is cost effective and will work with you to make sure that your event is profitable for everyone involved. Clean - no sleaze. This is clean fun, nothing you'll regret, nothing you'll be embarrassed by. Volunteers only, no-one is picked on. It is simply hilarious and a bit silly.
***** "Brilliant!!!
WATCH AUDIENCE MEMBERS BECOME THE STARS OF THE SHOW SEE FAMILY AND FRIENDS HYPNOTISED RIGHT BEFORE YOUR EYES MAKE YOUR EVENT ONE TO REMEMBER WITH THIS HILARIOUS SHOW
Are You Looking for Something Completely Different? ​ Watch your Friends become the stars of the show…… From seeing little green aliens to becoming Elvis Presley to behaving like school kids. You will be amazed as to what the volunteers get up to as Stage Hypnotist and entertainer, Garry Gold, brings his fast moving hypnotic and hypnosis shows across Ireland, the UK and Europe. Book the show for Clubs, Theatres, Live venues, Bars, Holiday camps, Weddings and much more……………
WORLDS the BEST IRISH DANCERS
NAUGHTY SCHOOL CHILDREN
GIVE ME BACK MY PHONE!!!
FIRE EVERY BODY OUT!!!
CORONADO, Calif. (Reuters) - The governors of the three U.S. West Coast states on Tuesday vowed to step up their efforts to fight climate change in the face of the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump, who has dismissed global warming as a hoax.
Democratic governors Jerry Brown of California, Jay Inslee of Washington and Katherine Brown of Oregon made stark warnings that climate change was already harming the Pacific Ocean along which their states lie.
“Our waters are at mortal risk,” said Inslee, speaking via video-conference at a meeting of the International Alliance to Combat Ocean Acidification, in advance of the winter meeting of the Western Governors Association in Coronado near San Diego.
The three governors said they had joined the alliance, a group of U.S. states and countries including Chile and France dedicated to reducing rising acidity in the oceans, a phenomenon tied to climate change that threatens fish, coral reefs and other marine life.
Jerry Brown also said that he had sent a letter to U.S. President Barack Obama, asking him to make permanent a recent five-year-ban on oil drilling off the coast of the most populous U.S. state.
The actions marked the latest in a series of moves by Democrats, led by California, to position themselves to fight efforts by Trump to undo progressive policies on the environment, immigration, healthcare and other issues.
The three coastal states are also among eight U.S. states and the District of Columbia to have recently legalized the recreational use of marijuana, actions that may also conflict with the agenda of the incoming Republican administration.
A conservative populist who campaigned against illegal immigration, expressed skepticism of the science behind climate change and vowed to repeal Obama's signature healthcare law, Trump has said he wants Cabinet members with similar beliefs.
Earlier this month, the California governor nominated Xavier Becerra, a lawyer and longtime California congressman to be attorney general in a move widely viewed as preparation to defend state policies against a Trump Administration.
On Tuesday, Jerry Brown said that despite whatever obstruction the incoming Trump Administration poses to efforts to combat climate change, California would do everything possible to prevent catastrophic global warming and ocean acidification.
The oceans absorb 90 percent of the world's greenhouse gases, and supply much of the world's food.
“Whatever problems we have today, they will pale to the stresses that we are going to have by rising sea levels, the threat of tropical diseases, and all manner of extreme weather events,” Jerry Brown said.
Law enforcement agencies reported Monday an 11.2 percent spike in total hate crimes across California – the second year in a row the state saw double-digit increases, according to state Justice Department officials.
There were more hate crimes committed last year against people based on their race or ethnicity than any other group, according the annual report on hate crimes released Monday by the California Department of Justice.
Race-related hate crimes shot up 21.3 percent last year, with anti-African American crimes accounting for the largest portion of the increase. There were 251 hate-related “events” and 333 “offenses” against African Americans. Anti-Latino crimes were second, with 83 events reported and 114 separate offenses. Crimes against whites came in third, with 56 events reported and 75 offenses.
In total, race-related attacks account for nearly 60 percent of all hate crimes reported in 2016. African Americans are consistently the most targeted group, according to the state. Since 2007, 3,262 of the total 10,409 hate crimes were anti-black, the Justice Department found. Hate crimes against people based on their sexual orientation were the second most common, accounting for 1,176 of the total.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
It's unclear why, specifically, hate crime reports have increased in recent years. Justice Department officials did not comment on the uptick. They also declined to discuss potential hate crimes that go unreported. Civil rights groups say President Donald Trump's candidacy, and inflammatory rhetoric he has used about Muslims and immigrants, could be behind the increase.
But some law enforcement officials say the numbers may be on the rise because more people are reporting incidents.
“We're out there encouraging people to report crimes they normally wouldn't be willing to report,” said Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Det. Christopher Keeling, a hate crimes investigator. “The vast majority of what we're seeing is vandalism, like a swastika here or there, or people making a blanket statement about hating a certain group of people, but we can't directly link that to the election. If there is nothing saying this is related to the election, how can you attribute it to that?”
Overall last year, 931 hate crime events were reported, up from 837 in 2015. There were 1,190 additional offenses reported, up from 1,057 in 2015. In Sacramento County, crimes decreased slightly, with 44 events or offenses in 2016, down from 54 in 2015.
Hate-related events are defined as an incident in which a hate crime is involved. Offenses include multiple acts, such as murder, rape, aggravated assault, intimidation or vandalism.
Last year was the second year-over-year increase, though total crimes have ticked down over the past decade. Since 2007, total crimes have decreased nearly 35 percent.
But the numbers are on the rise. Hate crimes in 2015 were up 10.4 percent compared to 2014.
Anti-Muslim and anti-Latino crimes accounted for the largest increase in 2015, according to the state. Hate crimes against Muslims went from 18 in 2014 to 40 in 2015. For Latinos, crimes went from 60 in 2014 to 81 in 2015.
In 2016, hate crimes against people based on their religion, gender identity or sexual orientation also increased. Anti-Jewish and anti-Muslim attacks accounted for the largest increase in crimes based on a person's perceived religion. Crimes against gay men represented the largest number based on sexual orientation, with 152 total events and 180 offenses. Crimes against transgender people also increased, with 25 reported events and 24 offenses.
The most common types of offenses considered violent crimes are intimidation, assault and robbery. Vandalism was the most common type of property crime.
Of the total reports, 307 hate crimes were referred for prosecution. Data on convictions were available for 118 cases. Of those considered hate crimes, 51 resulted in convictions.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra condemned the crimes. “When someone commits a crime motivated by hate, it is not just an attack on one innocent person, but an attack on the entire state and our communities,” he said in a statement. “We can see from today's report that words matter.”
More than half of hate crimes in across the U.S. go unreported, according to a Bureau of Justice statistics report released last week.
The increases could be correlated to an increase in total hate groups tracked by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
Of the 917 hate groups currently operating in the U.S., California has the most, with 79, followed by Florida with 63 and Texas with 55, according to the nonprofit. The most dramatic growth in was among radical-right, anti-Muslim hate groups, which increased from 34 in 2015 to 101 last year.
A Southern Poverty Law Center report this year attributed the increase to the candidacy of President Donald Trump.
Last year “was an unprecedented year for hate,” said Mark Potok, senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center and author of a February hate group report analyzing the phenomenon.
“The country saw a resurgence of white nationalism,” Potok said, “along with the rise of a president whose policies reflect the values of white nationalists. In Steve Bannon, these extremists think they finally have an ally who has the president's ear.”
Nationwide, hate crimes are increasing, according to the FBI. Becerra called it “unsettling” and encouraged Californians who think they've been targeted to report incidents immediately.
“I am committed to working with local law enforcement agencies, schools and local communities to enforce California's anti-hate crime statutes to the fullest extent of the law,” Becerra said.
Keeling, the Los Angeles County detective, said mass killings like the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino that left 14 people dead, and the 2016 Pulse Night Club shooting in Florida that killed 49, have likely contributed to the increase in hate crime reports.
“As things happen throughout the United States and abroad, people think about domestic terror and hate crimes more,” Keeling said. “Sometimes people don't even know what a hate crime is ... we go out there and educate the community and tell them to report these things even if it's not prosecutable ... the whole goal is to prevent it from evolving into something bigger.”
As tens of thousands march tonight in celebration of 2-month anniversary of Occupations...
Brad Friedman Byon 11/17/2011, 4:19pm PT
Well this is a fun one...on a day where we could use a momentary breather...
...but on a day when the OWS folks are taking anything but.
Today is the 2 month anniversary of Occupy Wall Street, which has, at this hour, brought tens of thousands of demonstrators to downtown NYC tonight (and many more elsewhere at Occupations around the country.)
You can check out NY Fox5's helicopter video of the crazy huge crowds down in NYC right here.
A number of live video feeds from citizen journalists on the ground follow below, if you'd like to check out some of the live action as it happens in NYC and elsewhere tonight...
Emergency Banking Act Other short titles Bank Conservation Act of 1933
Emergency Banking Relief Act of 1933 Long title An Act to provide relief in the existing national emergency in banking, and for other purposes. Legislative history Introduced in the House as H.R. 1491 by Henry B. Steagall (D-AL) on March 9, 1933
H.R. 1491 Henry B. Steagall (D-AL) March 9, 1933 Passed the House on March 9, 1933 (Passed)
March 9, 1933 (Passed) Passed the Senate on March 9, 1933 (Passed)
March 9, 1933 (Passed) Signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on March 9, 1933
On March 4, 1933, Delaware became the 48th and last state to close all its banks.
The Emergency Banking Act (the official title of which was the Emergency Banking Relief Act), Public Law 1, 48 Stat. 1 (March 9, 1933), was an act passed by the United States Congress in March 1933 in an attempt to stabilize the banking system. Beginning on February 14, 1933, Michigan, an industrial state which had been hit particularly hard by the Great Depression in the United States, declared an eight-day bank holiday. Fears of other bank closures spread from state to state as people rushed to withdraw their deposits while they still could do so. Within weeks, all other states held their own bank holidays in an attempt to stem the bank runs (on March 4, Delaware became the 48th and last state to close its banks).[1] Following his inauguration on March 4, 1933, President Franklin Roosevelt set out to rebuild confidence in the nation's banking system. On March 6 he declared a four-day national banking holiday that kept all banks shut until Congress could act. A draft law, prepared by the Treasury staff during Herbert Hoover's administration, was passed on March 9, 1933. The new law allowed the twelve Federal Reserve Banks to issue additional currency on good assets so that banks that reopened would be able to meet every legitimate call.
The Emergency Banking Act, an amendment to the Trading with the Enemy Act of 1917, was introduced on March 9, 1933, to a joint session of Congress, and was passed the same evening amid an atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty as over 100 new Democratic members of Congress swept into power determined to take radical steps to address banking failures and other economic malaise. The EBA was one of President Roosevelt's first projects in the first 100 days of his presidency. The sense of urgency was such that the act was passed with only a single copy available on the floor of the House of Representatives and legislators voted on it after the bill was read aloud to them by Chairman of the House Banking Committee Henry Steagall. Copies were made available to senators as the bill was being proposed in the Senate, after it had passed in the House.
According to William L. Silber: "The Emergency Banking Act of 1933, passed by Congress on March 9, 1933, three days after FDR declared a nationwide bank holiday, combined with the Federal Reserve's commitment to supply unlimited amounts of currency to reopened banks, created 100 percent deposit insurance. Much to everyone's relief, when the institutions reopened for business on March 13, 1933, depositors stood in line to return their stashed cash to neighborhood banks. Within two weeks, Americans had redeposited more than half of the currency that they had squirreled away before the bank suspension. The stock market registered its approval as well. On March 15, 1933, the first day of stock trading after the extended closure of Wall Street, the New York Stock Exchange recorded the largest one-day percentage price increase ever with the Dow Jones Industrial Average gaining 8.26 points to close at 62.10; a gain of 15.34%. With the benefit of hindsight, the nationwide Bank Holiday and the Emergency Banking Act of March, 1933, ended the bank runs that had plagued the Great Depression."[2]
One month later, on April 5, 1933, President Roosevelt signed Executive Order 6102 criminalizing the possession of monetary gold by any individual, partnership, association or corporation[3][4] and Congress passed a similar resolution in June 1933.[5]
This act was a temporary response to a major problem. The 1933 Banking Act passed later that year presented elements of longer-term response, including formation of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
George Brough was a man determined to create the “Rolls-Royce of motorcycles” and he succeeded in doing exactly that. His first production model was the SS80 and production began in 1922. When we say “production” what we really mean is that every Brough Superior was hand-built twice. The first assembly was done to ensure all parts fitted perfectly. The machine was then disassembled and parts painted or plated as needed, then the machine was re-assembled and tested. For an SS80 this means the motorcycle was taken to a test track and ridden and it was also timed at maximum speed to ensure that it reached 80mph or more. The quality control and attention to detail was what set Brough Superior motorcycles apart from others.
George Brough understood that he not only had to make a motorcycle of impeccable quality but that bike also had to perform so well that people would want to open their wallets to acquire one. The year he introduced the SS80 he took his own stripped down SS80 to the Brooklands race track in Britain and lapped Brooklands at a speed above 100mph. His SS80 was the first side valve motorcycle to do so. George Brough had established his name and credibility.
George Brough's second model was the SS100. As per its name this motorcycle was rated with a top speed of 100mph or better. The SS100 made its debut in 1924. The SS80 and the SS100 were the top of the line bikes for Brough Superior and were consequently expensive, just as a Rolls-Royce was and is expensive. There were enthusiasts such as T.E. Lawrence (of Lawrence of Arabia fame) who could afford a Brough Superior but there were many who would have loved to own one but couldn't quite afford it. George Brough did not want to degrade the Brough Superior brand name but he was interested in supplying motorcycles to enthusiasts of more modest means. To this end in 1926 he introduced his modestly priced but beautiful SS680. With its 680cc J.A.P. V twin engine the SS680 looked every inch a Brough Superior and although it could not match the performance of the SS80 or SS100 it was a phenomenal motorcycle to ride giving real pleasure of ownership and pride in owning a Brough.
As the twenties gave way to the thirties George Brough found himself being approached by Police forces not only from Britain but also Australia and Canada wanting a motorcycle that would provide SS100 levels of performance but using a more simple side valve engine and at a lower price than the SS100. George Brough did some homework and decided this could be accomplished and he set about the creation of a new model.
Brough worked with J.A. Prestwich to create a J.A.P. V twin engine but with some special features. The engine was given a 60° V angle to improve its torque delivery and George Brough insisted that the con-rods used be the same ones as used in a Rolls-Royce V12 aviation engine which had 68.6mm roller bearings. The 1096cc engine was kept low stressed and its compression ratio was only 5:1 so it would run on just about any grade of gasoline (petrol) that might be found in Britain or the “colonies”, this also would have made it suitable for military use and that is likely what George Brough intended. Other features of the engine show us that Brough was focused on reliability in all conditions. The cams each operated the totally enclosed side valves via roller cam followers and in the interests of ease of maintenance the alloy cylinder heads could be easily removed.
Brough claimed a 50hp output for this engine but with its 5:1 compression ratio that was an optimistic figure. The actual power of the engine was 32hp @ 4250rpm. This would not be noticed by a rider however because the engine had a heavy flywheel and the energy contained in that combined with the long stroke of the engine gave it torque and low speed pulling power that was guaranteed to impress. The bike would effortlessly pull away in top gear from speeds as low as 15mph. In fact George Brough liked to liken the tractability of the engine to that of a steam locomotive which of course does not need gears.
The new model was introduced in 1933 and designated the 11-50 to distinguish it as something different to the other Brough Superior models. The “11” representing the engine's RAC rating and the “50” its claimed actual horsepower rating. The new 11-50 was capable of 70mph when attached to a side-car and at least 85mph if solo. It really was an excellent compromise between the costly performance of the SS80 and SS100 and the needs of those wanting a more simple and reliable long distance cruising machine, one that could put in a lot of daily mileage and hold up impeccably.
The 11-50 remained in production from 1933-1939 and 308 were made some being exported to Canada and Australia to fill police force orders.
The Brough Superior 11-50 in our photographs is a bike that was delivered to the British Sheffield police force in 1937 and served with them until 1939 when it was sold. The bike is coming up for sale by Bonhams at their Autumn Stafford Sale to be held at Staffordshire County Showground, Stafford, Britain on 16th October 2016.
You will find the sale page for this bike and further information if you click here.
And for those interested in the history of Brough Superior motorcycles Peter Miller's book “Brough Superior – The Complete Story” is recommended. You'll find it on Amazon if you click here.
Of all the Brough Superior motorcycles I personally think the 11-50 is the one I would choose to own. It's a rugged long distance cruising bike ideal for a classic journey on a vintage touring motorcycle. Its the sort of bike I would want to take on a trip from London to Beijing with some time negotiating the Taklamakan and the fascinating places to be found in the Xinjiang province of China. The sort of journey that doesn't just demand a bike with reliability, but a journey that demands a bike with soul.
(All pictures courtesy Bonhams).
Jon Branch is the founder and senior editor of Revivaler and has written a significant number of articles for various publications including official Buying Guides for eBay, classic car articles for Hagerty, magazine articles for both the Australian Shooters Journal and the Australian Shooter, and he's a long time contributor to Silodrome. Jon has done radio, television, magazine and newspaper interviews on various issues, and has traveled extensively, having lived in Britain, Australia, China and Hong Kong. His travels have taken him to Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan and a number of other countries. He has studied the Japanese sword arts and has a long history of involvement in the shooting sports, which has included authoring submissions to government on various firearms related issues and assisting in the design and establishment of shooting ranges.
WASHINGTON -- The successful blocking of an ambitious Al Qaeda plot to bomb a U.S.-bound airliner was an international sting operation worthy of Hollywood, with spies tricking terrorists into showing their cards.
Saudi Arabia's intelligence agency, working closely with the CIA, used an informant to pose as a would-be suicide bomber. His job was to convince the Al Qaeda franchise in Yemen to give him a new kind of non-metallic bomb that the militants were designing to easily pass through airport security.
But the double agent instead arranged to deliver the explosive device to U.S. and other intelligence authorities waiting in another country, officials said Tuesday. The agent is now safely outside Yemen and is being debriefed.
Experts are analyzing the sophisticated device at the FBI's bomb laboratory at Quantico, Va., to determine if it really could evade current security measures. It appears an upgraded version of the so-called “underwear bomb” that failed to take down a passenger jet over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009.
Like that bomb, this device bears the forensic signature of feared Al Qaeda bomb maker Ibrahim Hassan Asiri, who was born in Saudi Arabia and is believed to be hiding in Yemen. But the double agent apparently never got close to Asiri, who remains one of the top CIA targets.
The operation had an added benefit, however. It produced intelligence that helped U.S. authorities finally locate Fahd Mohammed Ahmed Quso, a top Al Qaeda operative in Yemen. Quso had been on the FBI's most wanted list for his alleged involvement in the bombing of the guided missile destroyer USS Cole in a Yemeni port in 2000. The FBI had offered a $5-million bounty for information leading to his capture.
On Sunday, a CIA drone aircraft fired a missile that killed Quso as he stepped out of his car in Yemen, U.S. officials said.
The drone strike and the effort to obtain the explosive device “are part of the same operation,” said Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.), who heads the House Homeland Security Committee.
ALSO:
Syrians on both sides sour on U.N. monitors [Video]
Ukraine scraps summit as Europe pulls away over Tymoshenko
U.S. blacklists sons of 'Chapo' Guzman, fugitive Mexican drug lord
--Brian Bennett and Ken Dilanian
Photo: This undated file photo released in October 2010 by Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Interior purports to show Al Qaeda bomb maker Ibrahim Hassan Asiri. Credit:Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior.
A leading British medical journal has published an article calling for the introduction of infanticide for social and medical reasons.
The article in the Journal of Medical Ethics, entitled “After-birth abortion: why should the baby live?” states in its abstract: “After-birth abortion (killing a newborn) should be permissible in all cases where abortion is, including cases where the newborn is not disabled.”
The article, written by Alberto Giubilini of the University of Milan and Francesca Minerva of Melbourne University, argues that “foetuses and newborns do not have the same moral status as actual persons” and consequently a law which permits abortion for certain reasons should permit infanticide on the same grounds.
The article follows alleged instances of sex-selective abortions throughout Britain raising alarm concerning the application of the 1967 Abortion Act.
Lord Alton, co-chairman of the Party Parliamentary Pro-Life Group, said that infanticide was the “chilling and unassailable” logical step for a society that permits killing a baby one day before birth.
He said: “That the Journal of Medical Ethics should give space to such a proposition illustrates not a slippery slope, but the quagmire into which medical ethics and our wider society have been sucked.
“Personal choice has eclipsed the sacredness, or otherness, of life itself. It is profoundly disturbing, indeed shocking, to see the way in which opinion-formers within the medical profession have ditched the traditional belief of the healer to uphold the sanctity of human life for this impoverished and inhumane defence of child destruction.
“It has been said that a country which kills its own children has no future. That's true. And a country which accepts infanticide or the killing of a little girl or a little boy because of their gender, the killing of a baby because of a disability, or the killing of a child because it is inconvenient, the wrong shape, or the wrong colour, also forfeits its right to call itself civilised.”
But Julian Savulescu, the editor of the Journal of Medical Ethics, has defended the publication of the paper on the British Medical Journal website. He said: “What is disturbing is not the arguments in this paper nor its publication in an ethics journal. It is the hostile, abusive, threatening responses that it has elicited. More than ever, proper academic discussion and freedom are under threat from fanatics opposed to the very values of a liberal society.”
He continued: “As Editor of the Journal, I would like to defend its publication. The arguments presented, in fact, are largely not new and have been presented repeatedly in the academic literature and public fora by the most eminent philosophers and bioethicists in the world, including Peter Singer, Michael Tooley and John Harris in defence of infanticide, which the authors call after-birth abortion.
“The novel contribution of this paper is not an argument in favour of infanticide – the paper repeats the arguments made famous by Tooley and Singer – but rather their application in consideration of maternal and family interests. The paper also draws attention to the fact that infanticide is practised in the Netherlands.
“Many people will and have disagreed with these arguments. However, the goal of the Journal of Medical Ethics is not to present the Truth or promote some one moral view. It is to present well reasoned argument based on widely accepted premises.”
Kenneth Boyd, associate editor of the Journal of Medical Ethics, said that the publication of the paper did not reflect his personal view and that the article had gone through the process of academic peer review.
Mr Boyd said: “I think what the authors are addressing is a minority problem following birth, where there would have been grounds for a termination and many people would feel that that circumstance is unfortunate but no reason for infanticide. But our feeling was that it's better for these views to be discussed.”
The authors, when discussing children with Down's Syndrome, state: “To bring up such children might be an unbearable burden on the family and on society as a whole, when the state economically provides for their care. On these grounds the fact that a foetus has the potential to become a person who will have an (at least) acceptable life is no reason for prohibiting abortion. Therefore… when circumstances occur after birth such that they would have justified abortion, what we call after-birth abortion should be permissable.”
The authors also support infanticide for non-medical reasons but do not state at which point in a baby's development infanticide would no longer be permissable because “it depends on the neurological development of newborns, which is something neurologists and psychologists would be able to assess”.
America's military yesterday began accepting openly gay recruits into
its ranks for the first time in its history as the controversial "don't
ask, don't tell" policy suffered another serious blow.
The move
comes after California judge Virginia Phillips ruled last week that the
policy – which had previously seen openly gay soldiers kicked out of the
US armed services – was illegal, and ordered a global injunction to
halt it.
Though the Obama administration
is seeking to appeal against that legal decision, the Pentagon has now
told its recruiters across the country to accept applications from
openly gay men and women.
However, the situation remains dogged by uncertainty. Some gay rights
activists have warned that gay applicants should still not reveal their
sexuality for fear that the policy may be reinstated if the
government's appeal is successful. At the same time, the Pentagon advice
to military recruiters directs them not to inquire of a person's
sexuality, and not to disqualify any candidates who openly admit to
being gay. It also adds that any such recruits should be warned that
"don't ask, don't tell" could come back into force if the legal
injunction quashing it is overturned.
"If they were to self-admit
that they are gay and want to enlist, we will process them for
enlistment, but will tell them that the legal situation could change,"
Douglas Smith, spokesman for US army recruiting command based at Fort
Knox in Kentucky, told the Associated Press.
Getting rid of "don't
ask, don't tell" has long been one of the main aims of gay rights
groups in America, who argue that it is highly discriminatory in a way
that would not be tolerated of any other social group. But it has now
become a political headache for the Obama administration.
The
president has frequently publicly committed himself to ditching the ban,
but has stated he wants it to be removed by a vote in Congress, not by
the actions of a judge. As such, the department of justice has committed
itself to appealing against the injunction halting the policy in the
hope of getting rid of it later with a political vote.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Many
Republicans, including former presidential candidate John McCain, have
spoken out in favour of keeping the ban. Previous attempts to ditch it
with a congressional vote have failed and Obama's political influence on
such a controversial subject is waning as Democrats gear up for a
potentially devastating defeat in November's midterm elections.
That
has left gay groups arguing that the best option to get rid of an
unjust practice is simply not to appeal against Phillips's ruling, which
the judge herself reinforced yesterday by refusing a government legal
request to delay enforcement of her injunction. That was met by further
delight among gay rights organisations.
"[We] applaud Justice
Phillips for her leadership helping end such a discriminatory policy,"
said a statement from the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation.
The
uncertain status of the law has caused much confusion within an
institution that has historically discriminated against gay people.
Before the 1993 law, the military banned them and declared them
incompatible with military service.
There have been instances in which gays have served, with the knowledge of their colleagues.
Twenty-nine
nations, including Israel, Canada, Germany and Sweden, allow openly gay
troops, according to the Log Cabin Republicans, a gay rights group and
plaintiff in the lawsuit before Phillips.
One of the leading reasons 49ers rookie linebacker Reuben Foster slipped to the 31st pick in the NFL draft — after being widely considered a top-10 talent — was his injured shoulder.
After Foster had surgery to repair a torn rotator cuff, teams throughout the league were concerned about his long-term prognosis as he begins his NFL career.
The 49ers are not one of those teams, while others throughout the league were worried a second surgery would be required that may jeopardize his rookie season, according to a report from ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Despite surgery on his right rotator cuff, Foster's right shoulder was worrisome enough that some teams did not consider drafting him. “The surgery didn't take,” said one well-placed source with knowledge of the injury.
Foster said during his San Francisco introduction that he plans on being ready for training camp and he feels good enough to go during rookie minicamp this week and OTAs next month — although the team will likely hold him out. Foster denied a report from USA TODAY Sports that said he would require a second operation.
“That's not accurate at all. I'm fine. I'm on schedule,” Foster said.
More from ESPN's report:
Another source predicted that Foster would not make it through his rookie season and that the linebacker's shoulder could give out on any hit. The 49ers' doctors, however, are comfortable with the condition of Foster's shoulder, and hopeful it will hold up, though they understand there could be a risk, according to sources.
The 49ers have already indicated their willingness to take a long-term approach to reconstructing the team after going 7-25 the last two seasons. Foster will be an integral piece, and San Francisco would be wise to explore the idea of a second surgery rather than risking permanent damage that would hinder his career over the long run.
It might be a bitter pill to swallow to sideline Foster for some, if not all, his rookie season. But playing it safe may be the smart move to maximize Foster's career.
Related Identifying roles: How each 49ers draftee fits in long run
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan authorities have seized nearly 1.5 tonnes of elephant tusks hidden in metal boxes at the country's main airport in Nairobi, officials said Friday.
The 115 elephant tusks weighing 1,446 kg had been coated with pepper, wrapped and sealed in the boxes in a bid to put off sniffer dogs, said Kennedy Onyonyi, senior deputy commissioner at the Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA).
He told reporters the shipment was recorded as being from two embassies in Kenya that do not seem to exist and was purportedly going to someone in Nigeria.
“We have not arrested anybody but we are sure going to do an arrest because we have enough evidence that they are people from within or without,” said Eunice Kihiko, the deputy police commandant at the airport.
“If they are from our neighboring countries, we still shall get them,” he said.
Poaching has declined significantly in Kenya from the 1980s and 1990s when gangs decimated the country's elephants and hunted its rhinos almost to extinction, according to the Kenya Wildlife Service.
Elephants are also present in most of Kenya's east African neighbors.
Ivory from African elephants is typically smuggled to Asia where it is carved into ornaments, while rhino horn is used in traditional Chinese medicines.
Kenya opposes the lifting of a nine-year ban on ivory sales agreed in 2007 under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species. Authorities fear it would revive the market for ivory and lead to increased poaching.
Last Month, Kenyan authorities impounded 96 kg from a Chinese man transporting it through the main airport.
The Riders Alliance has been working tirelessly to publicize the plight of the humble G train rider, from the lack of reasonable transfers to insane service disruptions to waiting for 100 days and 100 nights for the train to show up on a weekend. According to the Daily News, the MTA finally heard your cries and has promised action. Are they going to increase service? Give you a transfer between the G and the J? Even better: they've commissioned a study!
We are skeptical, but that's because there's nothing more useless in this world than a government study, commission or panel (see: President's very serious panel on the deficit problem). And the MTA is going to be thorough, or at least appear to be thorough, because they study isn't supposed to be finished until this June. But, as the Daily News points out in their story, reviews done on the F train and the L train led to service improvements on those lines, so maybe there's hope for G train riders yet. But as with all things G train related, we're going to play the waiting game on this one.
Tags
3 Comments
This is OCEAN THUNDERDOME! We pit two marine mammals, the Southern Elephant Seal and the Narwhal, against each other in an epic battle for marine sampling supremacy. These two creatures are some of the brave and the few that are specially selected to be living instrument platforms. In other words, we stick fancy oceanographic instrumentation like miniaturized CTDs onto them. These creatures can go deeper and farther than our human-engineered deep diving contraptions (suck it James Cameron!). Plus they work for fish. Now, their epic battle for ocean dominance finishes here.
Two mammals enter, one mammal leaves.
HEADGEAR, YAY OR NAY?
Both these creatures sport headgear. The impressive tusk of the male narwhal is actually a giant mutant tooth, which they use to lure in the ladies. While human females may use their impressive headgear to attract the males at Churchill Downs, I'm thinking looking like an aquatic dalek doesn't work quite as well for seal ladies.
WINNER: Narwhals for their sexy, sexy tusks.
GEEK OFF.
Narwhals are equipped with temperature and depth sensors, while Elephant Seals are had temperature, pressure AND conductivity.
WINNER: Seals, because MOAR INSTRUMENTS ARE BETTER.
VERTICAL AQUATIC PROWESS.
Both of these badasses have been observed diving over one mile deep (1800m). But during the summer, Narwhals like to stay shallow, usually hanging during 0-50 meters. During the winter is when they make their deep dives. And these dives from 800-1500 m are nearly vertical, making beautiful profiles of temperature and depth. Elephant Seals ain't got nothing on the Narwhal's gold medal dives as theirs are generally shallower, only going down from 400-800 m.
WINNER: Narwhals, for winning the sprint.
BREATH HOLDING.
Seals win this hands down. Seals swim around for up to 80 minutes underwater, while Narwhals can only hold their breath for up to 25 minutes. In addition, seals make over 40 dives a day, spending more than 90% of their day underwater and traveling up to 4000 m vertically. Seals make what are called ‘drift dives” which means they dive down deep, then just hang and chill drifting with the currents. And even cooler, scientists can estimate body fat from their float profile. Thin seals tend to sink while fat seals tend to float. Those lazy Narwhals only spend about 3 hours underwater daily and make about 18 and 25 dives per day.
WINNER: Seals, because stamina counts.
LADY ATTRACTION TACTICS.
Let's face it, if you want to be a successful oceanographic sampling force you need an army. And this is where reproduction comes in. You need to attract the ladies to make some more minions. As mentioned earlier, Narwhals tusks are used as a lady magnet. Channeling their inner Barry Manilow, they sing “strange, sad songs” and cross their tusks to impress their female audience. In comparison, elephant seal mating rituals are a trainwreck. The males fight and honk at each other using their giant overgrown noses to assert their dominance and win over the ladies. I am *swooning* over here.
WINNER: Narwhals, due to their slick style. Hear them croon here http://narwhalnewsnetwork.com/what-does-a-narwhal-sound-like/
Really? This works?
OCEAN DISCOVERIES
Our intrepid explorers aren't just instrumented for fun, they are instrumented FOR SCIENCE! So what have these ocean rovers found?
Narwhals cruise all around Baffin Bay, which is between Greenland and Canada, sampling away for science. Their special contribution to oceanography is their ability to swim under ice, an area which is notoriously difficult to sample. From the data, scientists were able to figure out the water in Baffin Bay that flows northward along Greenland's coast is warming. This may affect sea ice coverage and suggests that there is a change in the climate of Baffin Bay. This water eventually flows southward into the Labrador Sea, where the added warmth may hinder the formation of North Atlantic Deep Water whose generation drives global circulation.
Elephant seals are the samplers of the Southern Ocean surrounding Antarctica. It is around this lonely outpost of a continent where Antarctic Bottom Water, a cold and salty water mass found at the bottom of all the world's ocean, is formed. Scientists knew where 3 of these surface sources of Antarctic Bottom Water were located. But there was a fourth, unknown source. Researchers guessed it was a polynya (open water surrounded by sea ice) off Cape Darnley, however they were unable to get there during wintertime when bottom water formed. And this led to the elephant seal's moment of glory. The seals fed in this area, diving down and profiling through the sinking Antarctic Bottom Water formed at the surface. Using data from both the elephant seals and a mooring they had placed there the previous summer, scientists were able to prove that particular polynya was the missing source. But even this new source could not account for all that was formed, meaning there are more sources! Clearly, the elephant seals job is not done.
WINNER: Seals. Because it's not every day that you find a source of bottom water. And cheers to the prospect of them finding more!
INTERNET MEMES.
WINNER: Seal. Because Bacon Narwhal is both an exploitation of Narwhals and Bacon and possibly Jalapeno Jack Cheese. And it is gross. REALLY REALLY GROSS.
THE FINAL SCORE:
It was a valiant battle. But in the end, the Seals won 4 rounds, while the Narwhals only won 3. I declare Southern Elephant Seals to be the Champions of Ocean Sampling!
Laidre, K. L., M. P. Heide-Jørgensen, W. Ermold, and M. Steele. 2010. Narwhals document continued warming of Baffin Bay. Journal of Geophysical Research 115: C10049, doi:10.1029/2009JC005820
Kristin Laidre's Narwhal Facts
McIntyre, T., de Bruyn, P. J., Ansorge, I. J., Bester, M. N., Bornemann, H., Plötz, J., & Tosh, C. A. (2010). A lifetime at depth: vertical distribution of southern elephant seals in the water column. Polar biology, 33(8), 1037-1048.
Southern Elephant Seals as Oceanographic Samplers (SEaOS)
Elephant seals help find missing piece in climate change puzzle
In a first for Alberta courts, a woman was sentenced today for helping her seriously ill mother die while carrying out a suicide pact last May.
Linda McNall, 53, was sentenced to time served, which amounted to eight months, for helping her mother commit suicide.
During the hearing in a Stony Plain courtroom west of Edmonton, Judge Charles Gardener wished McNall well.
"I hope you receive ongoing treatment and comfort and will come to see there is worth and value to your life," he said.
McNall and Shirley Vann, 79, drove from their home in Arizona to Rock Lake, Alta., to take their lives in “the most beautiful place on earth.”
Both women planned to die that day in May, but things didn't go as planned. McNall survived and was arrested after showing up at a hospital in nearby Hinton.
Last month, she pleaded guilty to the rarely laid charge of assisting a suicide.
Both the Crown and defence made a joint submission recommending that McNall be sentenced to time already served, meaning she would spend no additional time in custody.
Linda McNall was sentenced to time already served for helping her mother commit suicide. (Amanda McRoberts ) ​The maximum sentence for assisting suicide is 14 years in prison. The judge accepted the joint submission, noting that McNall was motivated by compassion for her mother and wanted to carry out her wishes.
On Wednesday, Canada Border Services guards will escort her to a plane that will take her to Phoenix, Ariz. However, it's unclear what awaits her when she lands.
“It's very scary: the unknown. You know, I've never been homeless before,” McNall said in an exclusive interview with CBC News prior to her sentencing hearing. “It's really, it's really just – it's scary.
Defence lawyer Laura Stevens worries that McNall — who has twice since her arrest tried to kill herself at an Edmonton psychiatric facility — may end up in a homeless shelter instead of a hospital.
“The request by Canada for a hospital to hospital transfer directly has not been accepted," Stevens said.
"She will have to meet whatever requirements they have for getting a bed there. If they don't have a bed — and at this stage we are quite concerned that they will not because she can't afford to pay for one — she is likely to end up at a women's shelter."
Mother had colon cancer
In her interview with CBC News, McNall recalled the day she and her mother went to Rock Lake to end their lives.
“We ended up in Canada because we thought it the most beautiful place on earth,” she said.
“We went out there on a Wednesday afternoon, both of us happy, neither one of us with second thoughts.”
McNall, who was divorced following a brief marriage, and her mother were best friends. McNall has two brothers — she is estranged from one, the other vanished decades ago.
The mother and daughter moved from place to place — Florida, Nevada, Idaho and eventually ended up in Arizona.
McNall contracted Hepatitis C in the 1990s through a workplace injury. Severe depression led to her being on social security disability for seven years. She also is diabetic and suffers from chronic pain due to arthritis.
Shirley Vann had colon cancer, which McNall said caused her constant pain.
McNall said Vann talked about suicide for more than a year leading up to her death. With her mother's health deteriorating, McNall couldn't imagine living without her.
There were also insurmountable medical bills -— about $100,000 in total.
While David Schwartz doesn't talk to McNall, his sister, he did call his mother each week and was aware of their problems.
“We — my wife and I and my family — helped them out as much as we could. But I just think it got so extensive they had no other recourse,” he said.
“You know the financial folks were on their back and they were both fairly ill. And I think it just ended up that they just got tired out.”
McNall said she initially tried talking her mother out of taking her life, the two women eventually made a suicide pact.
According to court documents, they sold all their possessions in March, gave notice to their landlord and wrote letters to Vann's creditors.
They then packed up their two dogs and headed to Alberta, a place they had visited before.
Assisting suicide charge 1st for Alberta
When they arrived, McNall and Vann wrote one line on a piece of paper saying they were committing suicide.
They injected themselves and the dogs with insulin and McNall turned on a propane tank in their tent.
The next day Vann and the dogs were dead. McNall was still alive so she went into town to get more propane.
“Turned it on. Went to sleep. Woke up again,” she said.
“And at that point, I knew that we were out of money and I was so disoriented from the propane I couldn't think of any other way to kill myself there. So I decided to drive us into the hospital.”
RCMP became involved and McNall became the first person to be charged with assisting a suicide in Alberta history.
When McNall arrives in Arizona, she will be assessed by a caseworker and a crisis team.
Doctors believe McNall is still a suicide risk, but she hopes she won't try again.
“I want to try real hard to make my mom proud,” she said.
Brief Summary:
PLEASE NOTE: This study recruits patients who are being seen at the ENT service of Columbia University Medical Center.
Tinnitus, or ringing in the ears, is a very common problem that often accompanies hearing loss. It affects up to 1 in 10 adults, and about 30% of people who experience chronic tinnitus find it very distressing. In these patients, symptoms of depression and anxiety often accompany tinnitus and there are no approved treatments. Clinical trials are ongoing to test a glutamate NMDA receptor antagonist (called esketamine), which is injected into the inner ear. However, the preliminary results with this medication show that it only works for tinnitus that results from acute injury. It does not treat tinnitus resulting from progressive hearing loss.
Research in humans and animals suggest that the neurotransmitters glutamate and GABA are important in the development and maintenance of tinnitus. This data shows that over-activation of the NMDA receptor and a decrease in GABA signaling in the brain play a crucial role. Previous studies show that ketamine, which an antagonist at the NMDA receptor, increases GABA levels in the brain in participants with depression. Thus, in this experiment, this study will test the effect of ketamine on tinnitus, since it blocks the NMDA glutamate receptor and increase GABA levels.
Two groups of participants will be included in this study: those who experience distress (symptoms of anxiety or depression) with tinnitus and those who have tinnitus but do not experience distress. Each participant will receive both ketamine and placebo on different days. Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (MRS) scans will be
This morning I checked my watch and apparently it's 1952. At least according to a damning new report about gender inequality in Australian girls and young women.
Plan Australia and Our Watch surveyed 600 girls aged 15 to 19 to tell us how they feel about gender inequality.
Nine out of 10 say they are not treated equally to boys. Half feel they are not valued for their brains and opinions over their looks. And five out of six girls believe that they are not given the same chances in life to get ahead as boys.
Gender inequality is a problem, say 69% of young Australian women Read more
Unfortunately, every day, in a million small ways, girls are still not as valued as boys.
Take for example, events of the past few days.
Donald Trump's appalling and completely inexcusable account of casually sexually assaulting women were not surprising given his track record.
What was surprising, however, was the overwhelming response from girls and women worldwide, who were prompted by author Kelly Oxford to share their first account of assault using the hashtag #notokay.
Within 24 hours, this hashtag had exceeded 10m impressions on Twitter. At one point, she was receiving 50 tweets a minute.
Laurenn McCubbin (@laurennmcc) @kellyoxford I was 10, he was my babysitter. Told me he was training me for boys when I got older.
A sizeable majority of these tweets were from women, who were just girls when they were assaulted – often by a stranger, in a public place.
“I haven't met a woman who doesn't have a story of abuse. It shouldn't surprise me that this extends beyond the women I am able to meet. Anyone denying rape culture, look at my timeline now,” Oxford said.
This outpouring of experiences of harassment and abuse absolutely legitimises the power imbalance that plagues our society today. And gender inequality lies at the very core of it.
Today is International Day of the Girl. It's time for all of us to start questioning.
Why, in 2016, do girls and young women still fear for their safety after dark, cop harassment and abuse on public transport and are targeted on the streets?
One of Plan International's youth ambassadors, at 16, was one of these young women. In her own words, she describes a disturbing incident.
My friends and I were walking on Church Street one Sunday. A group of three guys came past and one of them grabbed my butt. It really hurt. I turned around and said ‘get off me, don't touch me'. He just said to me ‘I know you want more'. It left me feeling really horrible and shaken up. I was crying. Being wolf whistled or cat called on the street happens to us a lot. I've tried stopping them, but they always say: why are you so upset about it, they say, it's a compliment?
Attacks like this happen to girls every day. But whenever we attempt to have a discussion about this abuse of girls – overwhelmingly perpetrated by boys and men – the response is the same.
Don't be unfair, stop singling us out, women are just complaining, they're attacking us, it's all just a conspiracy against the patriarchy. And by the way, didn't we already deal with this feminism stuff in the 1960s?
Let me say from the outset that I believe most men and boys are inherently good and respectful of women. But for those who aren't, their actions are hurting all of us.
These are the boys who are talking about girls like objects. The boys who are running photo-sharing rings of underage girls and rating them on their attractiveness. They are slut-shaming young women, hollering out on the street, acting with disrespect, targeting girls to humiliate and shame them.
Our youth ambassador also remembers being “rated” at only 13 years old:
A guy at my school made a website with photos of the girls from my year level to rate us out of 10. I was rated a 5/10. My school said they were dealing with it. They told us that these accounts would be taken down, but the original accounts are still there, and new ones are being created all the time.
It's sad and shocking that this is happening to our girls. But it is an awful truth shared the world over.
Girls are the most marginalised group on the planet. They are the most invisible, the most unheard, abused, controlled and deliberately oppressed so they cannot get ahead.
Globally, the situation is dire: girls and young women make up 70% of out-of-school youth and 82 million girls each year in developing countries are married before their 18th birthday, robbing them of a future.
When we talk about gender equality, it's natural to think of these issues referencing women, but in fact, it starts early.
Stop judging women on how they look – it is damaging our children | Laura Bates Read more
More than half of the girls and young women we surveyed (56%) said that their brothers or boyfriends only sometimes or seldom did their equal share of housework.
In fact, a UK study of 1,200 kids and their parents showed girls were getting 13% less than their brothers.
Studies like these shed some light on why, 114 years after women got the vote in Australia, girls are growing up thinking they shouldn't pursue their dreams because it's just not worth it.
The truth is, holding girls back is hurting all of us. No society can thrive if half its population can't achieve its potential.
We should all be worried about the findings of this report and asking what we can do – as parents, teachers, politicians, friends, sisters and brothers – to make the world a more equal, welcoming and supportive place for girls.
Today, girls all over the world are standing up and having their voices heard. Plan International's Girls Takeover campaign sees more than 200 girls worldwide in charge of political offices, news networks, ministries, police stations and schools.
In Australia, we have partnered with Facebook to mark International Day. I invite all Australians to temporarily change their profile in solidarity with girls by visiting our Because I am a Girl campaign page.
Booking.com
Great Horned Owl Sitting In Thickson's Woods
On a lark, Bob and I thought we would revisit Thickson's Woods in Whitby, Ontario, to see if we could find the Great Horned Owls (Bubo virginianus) that inhabit that forest. It had been about a year since we earnestly looked for the Owls, and sure enough, one of the beautiful birds was found perched in the top of a tall pine tree.
The trails throughout the Woods had been well traveled, and given the warm temperatures of late, the snow-covered pathways were quite soft and slushy. Still, the tracks gave no indication as to the whereabouts of the Owls.
Bob and I first went to the ridge in the forest from which we observed the Great Horned Owls on their nest last year, and the timing was about right for the female to be sitting on her eggs once again.
The Pine trees at Thickson's Woods are old growth so are very tall, and despite moving around the various trails to achieve different viewpoints of a good many trees, we were not able to establish in which tree the Owls have nested this season.
We have been told by a number of birdwatchers who frequent Thickson's Woods more often than ourselves which pine trees the Great Horned Owls seem to favour. Thanks to their input, Bob was fairly quick in identifying the present perch of one of the Owls.
Whenever we have observed the Great Horned Owls, they are not inclined to move from their perch, so we were free to move in a wide circle around the base of the Owl's chosen tree for different points of view. The light breeze had the pine boughs bobbing, but snippets of sunlight filtered through the dense tree top to illuminate the Owl's luxurious plumage.
Last year, the male Great Horned Owl chose an observation point within view of their nest tree, and yet this year, of the several pines nearby, none showed signs of a large enough structure suitable for the female and her eggs.
As Bob looked up, I looked down, he for the other adult Owl, me for owl pellets beneath many of the pine trees scattered about the forest. Both of us came up dry.
As we moved about the wooded area, we were shocked at the devastation caused to the protected woodland by the ice storm that crippled southern Ontario in December. Some work had been done by local volunteers, I suspect, to clear pathways, but the forest floor was littered with debris, and many widow-makers hung tenuously from branches on high.
Even a lot of the century-old pine trees had had large branches ripped from their trunks. We hope that the thinning of the canopy does not influence the Great Horned Owls to move on to greener pastures. They have been residing in Thickson's Woods for a good many years.
Bob and I took our leave of Thickson's Woods late in the afternoon, headed to Lynde Shores Conservation Area a little further west. The Great Horned Owl was not budging from its warm spot in the sunshine, at least not until later in the day when it would be time to hunt for some prey. I sure hope there are a couple of chicks to delight us the next time we drop by.
You May Also Like:
Great Horned Owl Babies Out Of Their Thickson's Woods Nest
A Snowy Owl at Frenchman's Bay
A Great Grey Owl we're sighting near Ottawa
A Northern Saw Whet Owl we sighted in Toronto
A Long-eared Owl at Tommy Thompson Park
Frame To Frame – Bob and Jean
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
More
Print
News Corporation Europe and Asia chief calls for tough line on piracy, adding: 'They're not crazy kids. No. Punish them'
James Murdoch today called on governments to get tough on illegal downloading, which he said was no different from "going into a store and stealing Pringles or a handbag".
Murdoch, the chairman and chief executive of News Corporation's European and Asian operations, was joined in calling for tougher piracy measures at the Abu Dhabi Media Summit today by other media executives including Ari Emanuel, co-chief executive of William Morris Endeavor, the biggest Hollywood talent agency.
But Murdoch, who stressed that future growth would come from original content production, took the toughest line on piracy.
"We need enforcement mechanisms and we need governments to play ball … There is no difference with going into a store and stealing Pringles or a handbag and taking this stuff. It's a basic condition for investment and economic growth and there should be the same level of property rights whether it's a house or a movie," he said.
"The idea that there's a new consumer class and you have to be consumer-friendly when they're stealing stuff. No. There should be the same level of sanctity as there is around property. Content is no different. They're not crazy kids. No. Punish them."
The outburst from the man widely tipped to take over when his father, Rupert Murdoch, steps down as News Corporation chairman and chief executive, attracted a round of applause from media executives at the Abu Dhabi summit.
Only Maurice Levy, chief executive of French advertising group Publicis, sounded an alternative note when he said: "My grandchild doesn't believe he's stealing."
Murdoch also reiterated previous threats by his father Rupert that News Corp may take legal action against content aggregators such as Google to protect its copyright.
"We're being very careful legally to protect our rights," he said. "If there's money getting stuck it's getting stuck in an inefficient distribution layer … where Google and Yahoo are suddenly indexing copyright material and then selling bits of it and making money from it. You may have to withdraw access to those things. You may not."
Murdoch also asked for lighter touch regulation for a business that is the largest shareholder in UK pay-TV broadcaster BSkyB and owns the News International stable of national newspapers including the Sun and the Times.
In an earlier point about investment opportunities, Murdoch said: "When we look at different marketplaces ... it's really a question for us about how free a hand we're going to have to operate."
He was echoing comments made by his father, Rupert, at yesterday's keynote speech in Abu Dhabi about the need for less regulation, particularly in the Gulf states.
Emanuel, the brother of US presidential adviser Rahm, said the industry was talking to the US government in a bid to introduce a "three strikes and you're out" law to govern illegal downloading.
"We are in the midst of talking to the president and some attorney generals and [we are] trying to implement three strikes and you're out rule," he added.
He suggested that there would be a "fight with ISPs" (internet service providers) over the subject. France last year introduced a similar rule which allowed legal action once internet users had downloaded illegally three times.
Earlier today at the Abu Dhabi conference, Google's chief executive Eric Schmidt made an impassioned presentation on the search company's "mobile first" strategy.
But he was perhaps less forthcoming about the flood of questions about Google's dominance and control over its use of our data.
"Would you prefer another government to hold the information that we have?" he said, adding that the company had enough checks and balances to stop information being misused, and it would also not want to lose people's trust.
Schmidt also suggested that location-based social networking services such as Foursquare and Gowalla could become the next Twitter.
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000.
• If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
Matt Hall is, by almost every definition of the word, 'successful'. 50 million downloads and $10 million later, Crossy Road is probably his most high profile success, but it's one of many. Of the seven games Matt has released on iOS a mind-boggling five have made it to the number one spot.
How does he do it? Well, he has a few rules and he follows them to the letter.
Hall was working at Tantalus in Melbourne, on a game that no-one particularly wanted to work on. Pony Friends: a game about Ponies. Back when games about ponies were a running joke.
Here they were, a group of adult men (mostly men) working on a video game about ponies. They didn't care about ponies. They didn't understand ponies. And they went about the task like you might expect of a group of men who didn't care about or understand ponies.
They started talking about embedded skill trees, they started talking about complex video game mechanics. Matthew Hall, one of the development leads, had seen enough.
He went into a girl's catalogue, or a magazine — no-one quite remembers where — he cut out a picture of a random 10 year-old-girl and he stuck it on the wall.
“This is Amanda. Meet Amanda.
“Amanda doesn't care about embedded skill trees. She cares about her Pony and she wants to feed it sugar and pat it every day.”
From that moment onward if there was ever a difficult decision to be made — about design, art, direction, anything — Matt would just point to that picture stuck on the wall.
Does Amanda want upgradeable horse armour for her pony? No. No she doesn't.
I ask Matt about the story. It's mostly true he says, but the details are skewed. The girl in the picture didn't have a name. Or maybe she did but Matt can't remember. He claims the team didn't want to build an embedded skill tree, but they did want to do a bunch of silly things, things that a young girl who loves ponies had no interest in doing.
The picture exercise, he believes, was pretty useful.
And it was a prototypical experience; one that helped birth Matthew Hall's first rule of game development. If you can't make a video game that one person — just one — will absolutely fall in love with, what's the point? Shouldn't you be capable of that? If you can't make one person love your video game, does it deserve to exist?
Shouldn't you be making your video game for that one single person you desperately want to love it. Isn't that important?
Matthew Hall has a lot of rules about making video games. That's just one of them. And if you want to make video games and you're smart, you should probably listen.
Rule #1: Make Your Game For One Person
Matthew Hall is the lanky, soft-spoken co-creator of Crossy Road.
And Crossy Road is one of those video games. You know the kind.
The Angry Birds kind. The Fruit Ninja kind. Flight Control, Cut The Rope, Ski Safari, Doodle Jump. Games that hit the iOS lotto.
If iOS success is a lotto, Matthew Hall is the luckiest man alive.
Of the seven games that Matthew Hall has released on the iOS store, five have hit the number one spot. Five. That's a 71% strike-rate.
How?
Matthew Hall. He isn't a man who talks about metrics. Or marketing. Matthew Hall is just one person. One of two who were responsible for Crossy Road. That core team and a few more were responsible for Pac-Man 256, Hall's most recent number one.
For someone who has made an incredible habit of making games that appeal to millions, his first rule is baffling: make your game for one person.
One person. Not a demographic. Not a group. One single person. An actual person who exists. Choose someone. Choose one.Think about that person. What would he or she like? What would he or she hate?
“I made Pac-Man 256 for Toru Iwatani,” says Hall.
Toru Iwatani, the creator of the original Pac-Man. Good choice.
When you create a video game for one specific person, believes Hall, when you apply all your thinking towards one goal, you usually end up creating something that a lot of people like.
“After I make that game for one person I try and broaden it a little bit. And as long as I don't destroy what that one person loves, I'm happy.”
Matt finds himself talking to a lot of young developers. He checks out their game. First question he always asks: “who is this for?”
“If they give me some sort of fuzzy answer, well…”
Well, your video game might not be worth playing.
Matthew Hall has made video games for Nick Suttner, a champion for indie games who work at Sony. He's made video games for Toru Iwatani. He once made a video game for his favourite artist. He makes every single game with someone in mind.
“I would really like to make a game for Notch one day. That's on my bucket list. I know he likes these complicated systems. I know he really likes Dungeon keeper. You can see that in Minecraft and in the other games he's made.
“Maybe I'll do that.”
Rule #2: Watch How People Are Playing
Matt Hall is making a game for his daughter Penny. It is unfinished. It might be his most challenging project yet.
Penny has been playing games from an early age. In Hall's words, “she learned to swipe to unlock before she could walk”. Once upon a time Matthew Hall had to stick a photograph of a girl to a wall and say, “this is Amanda”. Now he had a real-life Amanda. That has informed much of his design mentality over the last five years. When it comes to his daughter, says Hall, he never stops learning.
With Penny, Hall gave himself the ultimate challenge. Create a card game Penny would like. The end result of that is Deck Wars. Deck Wars is a work in progress.
Hall loves card games and would like to share that love with his daughter. There's only one problem: card games normally require a loser and Penny hates to lose.
“With Deck Wars, I was really trying to make a game where Penny would feel good about losing.”
Penny's hatred of losing is legendary in the Hall household. Every time there was a possibility of her losing a game, she'd close the app and toss the phone away. Every time a game threatened to kill her she would quit. Immediately.
Penny is older now, six years old, but nothing has changed. He brought home a copy of Mario Kart 8 and Super Smash Bros. for the Wii U. Penny lasted roughly an hour with each game.
“But she has 600 hours with Pocket Creatures,” says an exasperated Hall. Pocket Creatures, a pet simulator that's like a refined, modern Tamagotchi.
600 hours.
It's a generational thing, he believes. The majority of younger players don't necessarily value challenge like we do, and like to play one video game for a long, uninterrupted time.
“Pac-Man in the arcades, if you played for 90 seconds you were very lucky,” laughs Hall.
“I remember completing a game and being really mad that it was easy enough for me to complete it."
“I remember completing a game and being really mad that it was easy enough for me to complete it. Which is such a weird feeling in this day and age.
Audiences are in the midst of a paradigm shift. Watching his daughter play helped Hall understand this.
“In 2012 I had emails from people who had completed games I made and they would write and complain. Why does this game end? I'm in the middle of enjoying it!
“That's how people think these days. Why should it be over? Why would the song end when I'm listening to it? It's this idea of endless entertainment.”
This feeds directly into Hall's development process. Pac-Man 256 – a new version of Pac-Man that, if you're good enough, literally never ends. Pac-Man as an endless runner. Or Crossy Road, an endless version of Frogger. In both games you are never punished for dying. Often you are rewarded.
In fact death isn't mentioned at all. Neither is failure. Death in the traditional video game sense is absent. I tell Hall the story of my own son – two and a half years old — obsessed with Crossy Road. He's never managed more than 10 hops. He calls it the ‘Birdie Game'. He thinks the objective is to crash into cars and jump into the water as quickly as possible. He thinks the objective is death.
Hall laughs, politely I think. I suspect he's heard this story before.
Rule #3: Always Be Prepared To Change
“The biggest thing is that I always change,” says Matt. He pauses.
“There has to be a better way of putting that…”
Matthew Hall doesn't like to use buzzwords, but he does use one. Quite frequently in fact. Paradigm shift.
He remembers working at Tantalus, a studio that created its own intellectual property, but focused primarily on work-for-hire projects. It was at Tantalus where Matt worked on Pony Friends. At Tantalus where he discovered ‘Amanda'.
Matt was also working at Tantalus when he discovered ‘casual games'.
“I got into casual games really early,” says Matt.
“I used to play a lot of complicated games like Dungeon Keeper but when Popcap came around I jumped on that very early.”
Matt showed these new ‘casual' games to his colleagues at Tantalus, but sensed a reluctance. Tantalus had its model. It would continue with that model. Tantalus has continued with that model to this day.
Hall tries his very best to embrace change, even when he doesn't necessarily approve of it.
“Then free-to-play came along. That's probably the biggest paradigm shift we've seen in a very long time.
“I was fairly hostile to free-to-play in the beginning. Because I like consuming games, I like going to the store, picking up a game, playing it for 12 hours and putting it away. I like owning it. But it's really important for developers to understand that when big shifts happen like that, it's going to change the perspective of the game audience.”
When Crossy Road launched, it launched as a free-to-play game, but it was a different kind of free-to-play game. Pay-to-win mechanics were completely absent, that was important to Hall, he was proud of that. He didn't want to exploit players, he wasn't in the business of stalking white whales and bleeding them dry.
But then he started receiving emails. 'Why aren't there more things to buy in Crossy Road?' 'Why can't I buy more characters?' 'Why can't I buy extra lives?' Perspectives change. Audiences change.
“Those who are reluctant to adapt will find themselves in trouble as the audience shifts,” says Matt. “When something new comes along I get excited by it.
“It's good to be able to accept new things, even if you don't really like them. You have to accept it and move with it.”
Rule #4: Love Your Failures
Of the last seven games Matt Hall made for the iOS marketplace, only two didn't make it to number one.
One of those games was ZONR.
“ZONR didn't do very well,” admits Matt.
In Matt's words: “ZONR was an interesting game with a very strange learning curve.”
ZONR was about as abstract as it gets. It was a game about finding shapes, essentially, and finding those shapes as quickly as you could.
As always, Matt made ZONR for one specific person: an artist. An artist he admired but had never met. That led the game's development in a number of different paths.
In hindsight, believes Matt, too much time was spent working on the art of ZONR. But that was the natural progression of making a video game specifically for an artist. Throughout its development, from an aesthetic perspective, ZONR became progressively stranger and Matt embraced that.
But he forgot to focus on how the game played.
“I was like, 'this is working this will do'.”
By Matt's standard, ZONR was a commercial failure. It barely made enough money to cover the costs of creating it.
“But what's interesting,” says Matt, “is that ZONR, even though it started off as a casual game, the people who liked it — who championed it — were indies.”
Years before the release of Crossy Road, Matt Hall was invited to a developer lunch. Tim Schafer was in Melbourne for the Game Masters exhibition at the ACMI and wanted to meet with all the local developers. Matt arrived wearing a ZONR t-shirt.
Tim Schafer pointed at Matt.
“Hey, I know that game, do you play it?” Asked Tim.
“I made it,” said Matt.
It turns out that everyone at Double Fine, including Tim, were playing ZONR. And competing against one another. ZONR found its audience, just not the one Matt expected.
“In the end I couldn't even give away ZONR to the general public. It was free and barely made any money.
“But the people who liked it were the kind of people who liked to play different things. So it was actually a big success for me.”
Rule #5: Be World Class
“One of the pieces of advice I give to people making iOS games,” begins Matt, “is that if your game doesn't look as good as say Alto's Adventure — why not?”
Making video games is tough. Making a successful video game that reaches a broad audience is even tougher. Matt Hall admits there has been an element of luck in every single one of his successes, but firmly believes that developers have to at least give themselves a shot at success.
That doesn't mean having the greatest production values. That doesn't mean spending more than you can afford. It simply means focusing your effort on making the best possible video game.
“Every single aspect of your game needs to be world class in order to survive. Whether it's the art, the sound or the design.”
A common mistake young developers make, explains Hall, is looking to their friends, or the local development community and using that as their personal benchmark. The reality: games are sold on a global marketplace and if you want to succeed on a grand scale your product has the world class. You shouldn't be trying to make a better game than your friends. You should be looking to compete with the very best on a global scale.
“I think Australia has done that really well,” says Matt, and points to games like Hand of Fate and Ski Safari 2 as recent examples. “These people are just trying to make the best possible games they can.”
It's a competitive marketplace. Particularly on Steam. Matt Hall makes another point: the days of small, underdog stories on a service like Steam are all but history. There are exceptions but, for the most part, success on that scale requires an incredible, near-unsustainable amount of resources and effort. Great video games that would have been runaway successes even five years ago are being lost.
In a world like that, you can't afford to play in half measures.
I tell Matt this story.
He laughs. I'd describe the laugh as 'gentle'.
But he laughs for a long time. A really long time. To the point where it almost feels uncomfortable. It's a flattered/embarrassed kind of laughter, tempered with a sense of the ludicrous. Being called the smartest game developer in Australia I think, by someone like Morgan, caught him by surprise.
But somewhere, in the back of my mind, I can't help but suspect: this can't be the first time he's been told he is the smartest game developer in Australia.
I suspect he's heard this story before.
Get the biggest What's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The annual Naked Bike Ride returns in Cardiff this year - and organisers have announced the event will take place on Saturday, June 17
As cyclists gear up to get their kit off for a good cause, the event will be a little later than in previous years - after being pushed back from it's planned date due to the Champions League final coming to the capital.
Originally penned in roughly for the start of June organisers say they "had to move the date from the first weekend of June - the traditional date in Cardiff - due to the Champions League final."
The new date for this year's naked cycle in Cardiff will be Saturday, June 17 - although there'll be various events around the country (and the world) on different dates.
Raising awareness about road safety
The Naked Bike Ride is a global event which sees naked cyclists take to the streets all over the world with more and more cyclists joining in each year.
Last year there were 145 cyclists riding through Cardiff naked for the capital's ninth annual event.
The original event started in 2004 - and the Cardiff rides started in 2007.
London and Brighton currently attract the most UK riders with more than 1,000 cyclists taking part in each, while the US city of Portland, Oregon had around 8,000 riders last year.
The event is to help raise awareness about road safety - specifically for those using bikes.
Mike Ambler, the organiser of the Cardiff Naked Bike Ride, said: "The main purpose of the ride is to highlight the vulnerability of cyclists on Britain's roads and campaigning for better awareness and provision."
"As bare as you dare"
The ride will follow a similar route to last year's event, heading to Cardiff Bay - providing that is all agreed with the authorities.
It's about eight miles through Cardiff city centre and the ride tends to be a slow one with some short rest stops.
Last year the ride set off from Sophia Gardens and followed a route which included Cardiff Castle , North Road, the Civic Centre, The Hayes, down to Cardiff Bay, passing the Wales Millennium Centre , before arriving back at Sophia Gardens.
The dress code is "as bare as you dare".
Visit the Facebook page to keep up to date with the event.
I, for one, miss the journalistic je ne sais quoi that Larry King once brought to USA Today, so, in that spirit, let us continue.
ITEM!
It seems that the "Rose, remember what I told you about the lifeboats" conference call that Speaker Paul Ryan conducted with his caucus was a bit more of a shambles than we were led to believe, according to The New York Times, anyway.
One of the conservatives, Representative Dana Rohrabacher of California, attacked the Republicans stepping away from Mr. Trump as "cowards," three lawmakers said. Another, Representative Trent Franks of Arizona, said, using graphic language to describe abortion, that allowing Mrs. Clinton into the White House would end with fetuses being destroyed "limb from limb." Trying to quiet the uproar, Mr. Ryan interjected after about 45 minutes to assure members that he was not withdrawing his endorsement of Mr. Trump, but rather doing what he felt was in the best interests of the House.
Here, with a comment is Mr. S.L. Clemens of Hannibal, Missouri.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.
ITEM!
On Monday, hard on the heels of the 1950s pulp novel that he created out of the second presidential debate, Donald Trump went to Pennsylvania and held a rally that would have had Leni Riefenstahl musing, "Ach du lieber! This is too much." The Philadelphia Inquirer was there.
Monday afternoon, Trump told the crowd in Ambridge, "I'm going to fight for you," and criticized media coverage of a leaked video from 2005 in which he boasts of physically accosting women. He also accused former President Bill Clinton of "predatory behavior" against women. Trump repeated attacks Monday night that he made in the debate 24 hours earlier, promising to have a special prosecutor investigate Hillary Clinton if he wins, and questioning Clinton's private speech excerpts released by WikiLeaks. He also suggested that the election could be "stolen" in Philadelphia. "I just hear such reports about Philadelphia," he said. "We have to make sure this election is not stolen from us." There is no evidence that the election in Philadelphia is in any way threatened and city GOP officials have said suggestions of rigging in the 2012 presidential election are unfounded. The state Republican chairman, Rob Gleason, has said he does not fear election rigging in Philadelphia or anywhere in Pennsylvania. In an hour-long speech in Wilkes-Barre, Trump drew the loudest applause when attacking Clinton and the media. "They are so dishonest," Trump said of reporters covering the campaign. "Without the media, Hillary Clinton couldn't be elected dogcatcher." The crowd frequently burst into chants of "CNN sucks" — referencing Trump's criticism of a CNN focus group that determined he lost Sunday's debate against Clinton.
He also took to the electric Twitter machine and paid Ryan back in full for not publicly withdrawing his endorsement of the candidate.
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016
These "shackles" heretofore have not been obvious to the casual observer but, whatever you say, big guy. Go for the gold.
ITEM!
I don't even know where to go with this.
If the consequence of standing against Trump and for principles is indeed the election of Hillary Clinton, so be it. At least it is a moral, ethical choice. If she is elected, the world does not end.... Once elected, Hillary can be fought. Her tactics are blatant and juvenile, and battling her by means of political and procedural maneuvering or through the media , through public marches and online articles, all of that will be moral, worthy of man of principal. Her nominees can be blocked, her proposed laws voted down. The alternative does not offer a moral person the same opportunity. If one helps to elect an immoral man to the highest office, then one is merely validating his immorality, lewdness, and depravity. But it's OK, at least it is not her! Right??
No.
Isaiah in Palestine, hello!
The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them.
ITEM!
The Party of Lincoln is in shambles. The Party of Lincoln is in shambles because it allowed the likes of Dana Rohrerbacher and Trent Franks to become men of influence within it. The Party of Lincoln is in shambles because it bought into the quack economics and the dream of a new Gilded Age so beloved by the likes of Paul Ryan. The Party of Lincoln is in shambles because it allowed the growth of an Id so large and powerful that it just sat there, like a land mine in history, waiting for the right vulgar talking yam. The Party of Lincoln is in shambles because so many of the people in it took Glenn Beck seriously for so long and became so warped that they were easy marks for El Caudillo del Mar-a-Lago.
ITEM!
The Party of Lincoln is an elephant with a bullet in its brain, looking for a place to fall.
Click here to respond to this post on the official Esquire Politics Facebook page.
Before I get into this week's SteamWatch, I do want to quickly mention a story that won't be covered this week as I feel like it has already been excellently covered and documented by TechRaptor writers Shaun Joy and Don Parsons, and that is the story and events that have occurred with the game River City Ransom: Underground, essentially the game has been put back onto the Store after the game got a DMCA takedown by music composer Alex Mauer. If you're interested in further details of the story, then I will point you towards the two articles written by Shaun Joy and the article written by Don Parsons. With that being said, let's get into this week's SteamWatch.
Devoid of Shadows Legal Threats
Devoid of Shadows is an action RPG that launched onto Steam on July 13th, 2017, being developed by N-Games Studios and published by ArsLogica LP. The game has currently received mixed reviews from Steam community reviews, with it currently holding a 60% on Steam as of the time of writing. One of the main complaints that the game had was the poor translations into some languages, and this was a big complaint that was voiced in the game's community hub. In a now deleted discussion that was archived by Two Credits, a Steam user wrote:
Honestly the German text is so badly translated, it makes me suspect, that the whole game has no effort put into it. You're trying to present a product here, people are expected to pay money for. At least pretend, you care.
After a few more similar complaints of other translations into different languages that the game had, the publisher ArsLogicaLP came in, essentially saying that they have a translator working on the different language translations and have put the community's concerns towards the translator to hopefully fix the poor translations that the game had. After further discussion took place, the actual translator for Devoid of Shadows came into the discussion, while logged into ArsLogica LP's account, responding to the poor translations by saying this:
Hello, I am a part of the Devoid of Shadows team and I am a professional translator having many years of experience. My name is listed in the credits…I am responsible for my work, and any further attacks on the quality of English translation, especially from the non-speakers who make several EGREGIOUS grammatical mistakes in ONE sentence, are considered as entrapment, unless you prove that you know both languages…and provide your own interpretation of the English text. If you fail to establish a prima facie case, we shall hold you responsible for any damage the company suffers as a result of your claims, emotional injuries and other degrading measures.
After a few users responded to the discussion, it was quickly deleted and a number of people ended up receiving bans from the community hub.
Two days after these events took place, ArsLogica made a Steam discussion, explaining the situation regarding translations and also apologizing to the Steam community for the legal threats made under the account, in the discussion, the representative of ArsLogica LP states:
First of all, we apologize to all those who were offended by our reaction to the criticism of translations and the message of our translator. It was our mistake and we are very upset by this situation. We are grateful to everyone who sent us constructive comments. At the moment we are working on correcting mistakes and inaccuracies in the texts. And we ask everyone to refrain from trolling. Yeah, we are really very upset by what happened!
ArsLogica LP also later went on to state that the translator that logged onto the account and made those comments has since been dropped from the team, in a later post by ArsLogica LP, it states:
The translator was a member of our team. And had access to our account. Yes, it was our fault. When there were claims for translation, we asked the translator to write a comment from his own account. But, he used the general account. We did not take it seriously enough. And this, of course, was a mistake. Now the translator has already been dismissed and we are looking for another person who will be able to correct the texts.
Additionally, it seems that all of the people that were banned from the discussions during the series of events have since been unbanned by ArsLogica LP.
The development team, N-Games Studios also left a lengthy post on that discussion which can be found here. In the post, the developer basically says how he has talked with ArsLogica regarding the situation and of how they are completely against what the translator did and also talks a bit more of the team's experience with game development and community interaction.
The House Party Hassle
House Party is an early access puzzle game developed and published by Eek! Games LLC, which launched on Steam June 30th, 2017. Since the game's launch, it has proven to be a large success with players, with the game currently receiving mostly positive reviews on Steam with a 77% from players, and it has been reported that the game has sold over 30,000 copies in just its first month on Steam. Prior to coming on to Steam, the game received a rather large following when the demo of the game was posted to the site itch.io and it also gained a large amount of attention after some large gaming YouTubers played the game for their audience to see, some of these include YouTubers such as PewDiePie, Jacksepticeye, and MattShea, with their videos of House Party sitting at 5.2 million, 2.1 million, and 2.7 million views respectively.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F02gAChxDoY
With the success that House Party found on both itch.io and YouTube, the game was submitted to Steam Greenlight and was successfully greenlit by the community. However, the game ended up receiving criticism when it was brought to the Steam store, due to a few factors. The first was due to some scenes included in the game, in which the player could partake in first person sex scenes with the female characters, which also had people label the game as a form of pornography, which submission of which is against Steam terms of service in regards to game submissions. In addition to this, some scenes in the game received criticism due to it having a scene in which the player character blackmails one of the females to perform sexual acts with him and also get one of the characters to get drunk to take advantage of them. Additionally, it was discovered that copyrighted logos were present within the game, some of which include Reddit, Sony, and Hearthstone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgO0kk2dBXQ
Jump ahead 1 month later to July 2017, where House Party has found its self in the top sellers of Steam for a number of weeks and Valve make the decision to pull the game from the store. In a post on the developer's website, it is described that Valve pulled the game due to a number of complaints coming in regarding the game. The Valve representative said that they would be happy to continue selling the game as long as specific scenes in the game got further censorship. 2 days after the game got pulled, the game has since been reinstated. Another post was made on the developer's website explaining that some of the sex scenes had to be censored further in the Steam release, however the developer is still offering an uncensored patch on his website for Steam purchases which Valve appear to be fine with, as long as the uncensored patch is not automatically in the game files to begin with. This is something many games have done in the past, such as HuniePop and serves as a workaround to the House Party censorship issue.
Breach of Contract Online Bewilderment
Breach of Contract Online is a multiplayer action shooter developed and published by Aidan Gignac. The game launched onto Steam on the 21st July 2017, of that time the game has received predominately negative reviews, primarily due to there being barely anyone playing it, the game having bad graphics and sporting generic maps among other things.
The game was recently called out for lifting an image and a core map design from the game Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare called Shipment. Below are two videos, one of which showcases the stolen image and the design of the shipment map in Breach of Contract Online, and the other showing the map and image in Call of Duty 4.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_7kEjyj9C0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP-vGqaEVbI
Additionally, along with the map lifting and image theft, the developer's response to a number of the negative reviews for the game have been bewildering, to say the least. In a response to a review made by user IAmPattyJack, the developer expresses that he thought he was being generous by giving PattyJack a free key, only for him to “backstab” him with a negative review. The conversation on the review continues with the developer's attitude later lightening towards PattyJack, and in accordance with a recent video uploaded by PattyJack, he has talked further with the developer and the developer has expressed he is willing to change the map and his approach towards criticisms of his product.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysE4C0ag6qI
I want to thank everyone for reading this week's issue of SteamWatch, and hope to see you all next week.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
