The Unsung Hero
Importance of the Minimap
_______________________________________________________________________________ Your team always has eyes on you via their minimap. Likewise, you will always be able to see the position of all members of your team, at any given moment. You never have the excuse of not knowing where your teammates are. If they do not show up on your minimap, they are likely at base or respawning. This is not true for the enemy team, however, and that's what I refer to as "vision" (more commonly known as "fog of war"). You can get a good sense of how much of the map your team controls by looking at the minimap. Your team's droids show up here as well, along with certain abilities such as Coco's Ball-Lightning. The more you look at your minimap, the more of these little touches you'll start to notice.Map vision is a huge part in assessing your situation and forming a game-plan, and it changes by the second, so you'll be making hundreds of judgment calls in a single game. These are the sort of moments that can make or break your game. Let's say that you see one or more of your team fighting with the enemy. Before you rush to help them, you should ask yourself several questions: Is my team capable of taking care of themselves? Are they just distracting the enemy? Should I take this opportunity to do something else? What happens if I show up just as my team gets killed? You might find that your team made a mistake by overextending, in which case the best action for you to take is to let them die, as sad as that sounds. Most of the time though, youstop/limit what you're doing and go at least see how they're doing.Knowing where the enemy is on the map is just as important as knowing where they're not, and same goes for your team. You want to be in the areas with the greatest opportunities for overall benefit to your team, or the places where you can minimize the most damage. If you see that the whole enemy team is pushing your front turret, maybe sacrificing it to get a strong push on their rear turret is a worthwhile trade-off. Perhaps one of your teammates is fighting 1-on-1 with an enemy. If you stop pushing and go help them, maybe that will result in a kill for your team. All the information you need to make these calls is available to you on your minimap, it's up to you to utilize it.
The notification that has been showing to developers reads:
So, it sounds like Google would like all developers to add an address, but may only be targeting those with monetized apps. It is unclear exactly why Google has done this, but the reaction has been troubled. Obviously, there are those who assume hate mail will be sent, but that might actually be the point. This could be a ploy to discourage developers who fill the Play Store with crapware. We'll have to wait and see if Google responds to any of the many questions it has undoubtedly gotten about this.
Google has quietly turned on something of a strange requirement for app developers in the Play Store. There is a new pop-up that has begun showing that asks developers to enter a physical address, which will be shown publicly on app listings. This appears to be optional for those who have only free apps, but not for those with paid apps.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- Johnny Blackshell Jr. was found guilty Thursday on three counts of first-degree murder for the Aug. 2015 shooting on Genesee Street in Rochester.
Three people were killed: Raekwon Manigault, 19; Jonah Barley, 17; and Johnny Johnson, who was 25. Four other people were wounded.
Jurors determined Blackshell was in a moving car and opened fire with an AK-47 into a crowd of people on the night of August 19. People in the crowd had just left a championship basketball game at the nearby Boys and Girls Club of Rochester.
Testimony lasted nearly two weeks. Jurors heard from more than 50 witnesses and 300 pieces of evidence, but deliberated for about eight hours before returning guilty verdicts just after 3 p.m. Thursday.
Blackshell was also found guilty of three counts of assault and of two counts of criminal possession of a weapon.
"Senseless, senseless killing," said Richard Barley, Jonah's father.
"I still have a long way to go," said Tammy Burnett, Manigault's mother. "It's just the beginning for me. It's over for him, but it's the beginning for us mothers, parents who lost their children."
She sighed and said, "It's a long road."
Blackshell will be sentenced July 8 at 9:30 a.m., and faces life without parole.
Rochester Mayor Lovely Waren and Rochester Police Chief Michael Ciminelli were behind Blackshell in the courtroom when the verdict was read.
"This gun violence that we're experiencing cannot be tolerated and I am happy for the families today that those people that lost their lives, their families can now have peace," Warren said. "We know that someone will now be held accountable."
"We hope this does bring some peace to the family and I do want to add my thanks to the members of this department," Ciminelli said "I especially want to thank the members of the district attorney's office who worked so hard to achieve this result and we did get a lot of support and help from the community and it shows what we can do to work together even in the face of a tragedy like this."
Ciminelli says they'll have more to say after Blackshell's sentencing.
20-year-old Jalen Everett, and 18-year-old Michael Mathis are also charged in the mass shooting and will be tried separately.
Advertisement
First Lady Melania Trump, usually a demure and soft-spoken presence at her husband's side, broke with form, reciting the Lord's Prayer before issuing a scathing rebuke of his enemies and her critics at a campaign-style stop in Florida.
Though she is not a traditional First Lady, she showed she would not be ignored by wearing a bright red $2,200 Alexander McQueen dress and a pair of $600 Louboutins to introduce the president in Florida.
Preceding her husband on the dais at a rally in the city of Melbourne not far from Orlando, the First Lady started her remarks with the words 'let us pray,' before beginning her recitation of the well-known Christian prayer.
Scroll down for video
Finding her strike: Melania Trump gave the audience in Melbourne a taste of her First Lady style with a speech eschewing critics
In her speech, Mrs Trump said: 'I am committed to creating and supporting initiatives geared to my heart, which will have impacts on women and children all around the world'
Red alert: Melania Trump stuns in red, a bright contrast to her husband in a neutral navy blue suit
Last week, Mrs Trump publicly referenced her religion when she tweeted a photo of Mar-a-Lago saying: 'Proud to share part of my family history with Mrs. Abe @BBTSchurch where @POTUS & I were married, where we celebrate and we pray.'
Melania Trump steps from the stage after speaking at President Trump's MAGA rally
President Trump fared unprecedentedly well with white evangelical Christians in the 2016 election.
After the prayer, which was followed by a thunderous applause, she launched into an uncharacteristically strident defense of her husband - and her own brief tenure as First Lady.
'The America we envision is one that works for all Americans and where all Americans can work and succeed,' she said.
'A nation committed to a greater civility and unity between people from all sides of the political divide. I will always stay true to myself and be truthful to you, no matter what the opposition is saying about me,' the First Lady said, wearing an Alexander McQueen red frock with a fitted waist and flared skirt and Louboutin pumps.
This part about opposition may have been a jab at media coverage. President Trump's speech was heavily about his disdain for how the press has covered his time in office.
'I will act in the best interests of all of you. I'm committed to creating and supporting initiatives dear to my heart. Which will have impact on women, and children all around the world,' she said.
'My husband is creating a country of great safety, and prosperity,' she said before introducing President Donald Trump, ceding the podium to cheers and applause.
The first lady has been a rare presence with her husband since the inauguration. To the dismay of some critics, she has decided to continue living at their palatial residence in Trump Tower in New York until their 10-year-old son Barron finishes the school year.
Finding her stride: Usually a demure and soft-spoken Melania Trump broke from form at the Melbourne rally
First lady Melania Trump sits and listens to President Donald Trump speak after she introduced him at the Melbourne rally
Last week, First Lady Melania Trump showed her love for the outdoors by choosing to leave her penthouse in Trump Tower and trekking to Delray, Florida for a museum and garden tour with the Japanese Prime Minister's wife.
It was Mrs Trump's first public appearance as first lady without her husband.
All smiles, the First Lady joined the Prime Minister of Japan's wife, Akie Abe, in a tour of Morikami Museum and Japanese Garden.
Purists and traditionalists have been disappointed that the first lady has not kept with precedent and immediately joined her husband in the White House residence.
The former model from Slovenia is 24 years younger than her 70-year-old billionaire husband. She is Trump's third wife.
Her modeling career brought her in the mid-1990s to the United States, where she met the real estate mogul and reality television star she would eventually marry.
Expensive tastes: Mrs Trump wowed in a Alexander McQueen red dress and red Louboutin pumps
The First Lady has been scarcely seen with her husband since the inauguration
President Donald Trump points to First Lady Melania Trump as they walked on stage in Melbourne
Jetting off: The President and First Lady waved to supporters as they left the campaign-style rally
President Trump hit the campaign stump for a rally in Melbourne, a city on Florida's famed Space Coast, seeking to reconnect with his tribe of largely white, male middle-class voters.
He delivered a speech lasting about 45 minutes in what was billed by the White House as 'a campaign rally for America.'
Criticism of Melania has been mild compared to the blistering attacks lodged against her embattled husband, who is engaged in open warfare with the media and who faced major political contretemps over allegations of possible ties between his senior aides and officials in Russia.
The controversy led to the resignation earlier this week of national security adviser Michael Flynn.
APR 10 2017 BY MARK KANE
After traveling the “virtual desert of news” on Nissan's future electric vehicle program the last couple years, we have appeared to have made it to the other side, as Nissan's new CEO Hiroto Saikawa (the first in 16 years, replacing Carlos Ghosn) hinted and forecast his company's plans concerning EVs.
First, Saikawa confirmed what we already knew, that the next generation LEAF will debut later this year. LEAF 2.0 is set to debut in September, with deliveries beginning shortly thereafter.
Nissan's Chief Planning Officer, Phillippe Klein, conceded to the Automotive News that the wait on the next gen LEAF was probably too long…or at least the decision to not show-off what the company had in store.
“Five or six years ago, we were looked at as a kind of adventurous company, moving into an area where nobody was expecting us to move. And now you have a lot of players making big announcements, and we are looked at like laggards.”
Longer Ranges, More EV Offerings Ahead
Expanding the broader picture, the new Nissan boss says the company will both be expanding its lineup of electric vehicles, and added that the new EV flagship with have a range of around 300 mile (480 km) by 2020.
And Saikawa was not using a weird Japanese metric, or giving an overly optimistic 300 mile estimates, but a real-world one:
“Good enough,” Saikawa said of a 300-mile range by 2020, “It's a usable range, 300 miles. I believe that the technology will lead us to go there.”
As for more plug-in models; there we will be a couple new offerings within two years, but he declined to state which models we might see.
Saikawa specifically noted that these vehicles would take range “out of the equation” for the US, and would be comparable with traditional offerings on the US market.
The new Nissan CEO said also that the EV competition now shifts from the technology (that become similar between manufacturers) to “how aggressively you can deploy the portfolio across the models“.
The number of plug-in models is expected to grow especially quickly between 2020-2025, a time when Nissan expects long-range all-electric vehicles will have the functionality and price to replace its top selling petrol models.
“The real evolution will come when we have a serious plan for the substitution of existing powertrains, say in our major models: the Rogue, Qashqai, X-Trail. A major part of it will be EV. This is the time I'm talking about. Maybe 2025.”
Separately Nissan says it intends to boost Mitsubishi's imagine in the U.S., increasing car sales by 50% or 100%.
A gain that sounds significant, until one realizes that Mitsu only just 100,000 vehicles last year in the US, just making the oft-delayed Outlander PHV available (now tentatively scheduled for release somewhere between Summer 2017 and March 2018) could almost get Nissan to a 50% gain.
Given what we have heard from officials on the merger, we expect that new plug-ins from Mitsubishi using Nissan platforms, or even re-badged Renaults, could appear on the market in the near future, as mini-cars and EVs have specifically been mentioned as common ground between the alliance.
source: Automotive News
Astronomers from around the world pointed their powerful telescopes towards a supermassive black hole that lies in the center of the Milky Way (nearly 26,000 light years from Earth) and believe they have snapped the first-ever picture of a black hole.
It will take months to develop the image, but if the scientists succeed the results may help reveal the mysteries about what the universe is made of and how it came into being.
“Instead of building a telescope so big that it would probably collapse under its own weight, we combined eight observatories like the pieces of a giant mirror,” said Michael Bremer, an astronomer at the International Research Institute for Radio Astronomy (IRAM) and a project manager for the Event Horizon Telescope.
“For the first time in our history, we have the technological capacity to observe black holes in detail,” said Bremer.
In reference to how NVIDIA GPUs were used for the work, Andre Young of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics said: “The data recorded at the SMA (Submillimeter Array on Maunakea, Hawaii) for the EHT (Event Horizon Telescope) observation is a sum of the signals received in the different reflector antennas that comprise the SMA. The way in which this sum of signals is computed means the raw recorded data from the SMA is in a format different from that recorded at other stations in the EHT. Specifically, at a typical EHT station a number of analog signals are each time-domain sampled at a rate of 4,096 megasamples per second and the resulting digitized signal directly written to disk; at the SMA the corresponding signals are each sampled at 4,576 megasamples per second and converted to the frequency domain prior to recording. Before the SMA data can then be combined with data from the rest of the EHT it first needs to be converted to a compatible format, which is where the GPU processing (by four GTX 980 GPUs) comes in.
During the processing we read the raw data from a set of hard drives using the same hardware platform used to record data during the observation (the Mark6 VLBI recorder), send the raw data over the network to a GPU server where it is processed, and then send the processed data over the network to a second Mark6 unit which records it to a second set of hard drives. The processing on GPU converts the data from the frequency to the time domain, does some filtering, and resamples the data at the required rate.”
All of the collected data will now be processed on supercomputers at the MIT Haystack Observatory in Massachusetts.
Read more >
São Paulo -- Paulo Thiago will still have a lot of work to do after he leaves the Octagon on Saturday night.
Thiago takes on Russian welterweight Gasan Umalatov at the Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 3 Finale card in São Paulo. Then he will fly to Brasilia, capital of Brazil, Sunday to join the special force police for soccer's World Cup, which starts on June 12.
"I'm going to Brasilia after this fight to help the police during the World Cup," Thiago told MMAFighting.com. "I will also train at Constrictor Team in Brasilia, and then I'll return to Rio after the World Cup."
Thiago is a member of BOPE, elite squad of military police in Brazil, and continues to work as a cop even after signing with the UFC. This is going to be his first time working at a huge event like the World Cup, and he is hoping for a peaceful event.
During the Confederations Cup in 2013 in Brazil, hundreds of thousands protested around the country against the government, who spent billions on soccer stadiums while the population asked for better health care and education.
"I hope there's not too much riot during the World Cup," he said. "Brazil is living a time of protests, the population is fighting for their rights, but you can't protest with vandalism. If there's vandalism, the police needs to act and we're going to be there to help them to stop this."
Before thinking about protests and vandalism, though, Thiago has to focus on his bout against Umalatov.
"My opponent is a Russian guy and he's really good, but I'm ready to go there and do a great fight," he said. "I'm ready to stop beat him up standing, get some takedowns and do my jiu-jitsu to get the win."
The Brazilian welterweight has his back against the proverbial UFC wall. With only one win over the past four fights, Thiago probably needs the victory to keep his job, and he's confident that he's better than Umalatov in every aspect of the game.
"He has a good stand-up game, a good boxing, but he pretty much uses his striking to get closer and work on the clinch," he said. "He has a good ground game, but I will keep this standing. If we go to the ground, my takedowns from the clinch are better than his, and I have a better jiu-jitsu."
On Thursday, Eugene got its first bike only traffic signal at the intersection of Alder crossing 18th. It looks like a standard traffic signal with green, yellow and red lights but in the shape of bicycles. The signal right now is considered temporary, only until they get a yellow housing for it, as well as its own mast. It's a much-needed addition for this intersection of the recently redesigned Alder. It allows cyclists to cross 18th safely without the worry of being cut off by cars. Alder is now a one way for cars going south, and 2 lanes for bikes going north and south on the other side of the road. This is an intersection with lots of traffic especially coming away from the university on Alder. I have encountered a couple times where cars would try and turn left in front of me, even with multiple cyclists waiting next to them in the bicycle lane. Hopefully Eugene starts adding more of these bike only traffic signals at other busy intersections. North of 13th of Alder could really use them and it seems like they plan on that from the looks of it.
Some background on the bike only traffic signal: In June the Governor signed SB130 into law which adds bike only signals to Oregon's list of traffic control devices. (You can read more about the bill here: Bike Portland and Oregon Live) Portland was a big push behind this bill and is working to get its first couple bike only signals in. Portland has been a great help with the innovation of bicycle infrastructure in the US.
*UPDATE: Video of the Alder St Cycle Track
BRAMPTON — A Sheridan College student's long-time dream came true when he was rewarded for generating a contemporary app for tablets.
Anshul Goyal, a first year student in Sheridan's Computer System Technician and Software Engineering Program, created an app called “My Rights”, designed to bridge the existing information gap between common people in India and the government with regards to available programs and benefits.
Goyal's work was part of a global Apps-to-Empower contest held by Datawind — India's leading provider of wireless web access products and services.
At a ceremony held at Sheridan's Davis Campus in Brampton Tuesday afternoon, Datawind not only recognised Goyal's app, but also rewarded him with prize money of $2,500.
From now on, Goyal's “My Rights” will be pre-loaded in all of Datawind's Ubislate tablets.
“I see lots of app contests but this one really grabbed my attention because it was about women's empowerment,” said Goyal. “I believe in humanity and in helping people, it is something my parents always taught me. Women in India sometimes only know what they hear at home or school. I wanted to create an app that would let them find out for themselves about all the opportunities available.”
Suneet Singh Tuli, CEO of Datawind, personally congratulated Goyal for winning the company's global Apps-to-Empower contest and presented him a $2,500 cash prize and a number of Ubislate tablets.
In June 2013, Goyal earned Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) degree from India's Bharati Vidyapeeth University (BVU). He is now studying at Computer System Technician and Software Engineering Program at Sheridan College.
Most recently, Datawind's Aakash/UbiSlate tablets have received worldwide attention, as the company executes a vision to empower the next 3 billion people with computing and Internet access.
Goyal plans to send tablets to friends in India so they can help him further field test his app.
For the baseball player, see Jeff Weaver
Jeffrey P. Weaver (born 1966)[1] was the campaign manager for the 2016 campaign of US Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.[2][3][4] He formerly served as the campaign manager for Sanders' 2006 United States Senate election and as chief of staff in Sanders' House and Senate offices.[5] In August 2016, Weaver was named president of Our Revolution, a political organization created by Sanders, a position he held until June 2017. In May 2018, his book How Bernie Won: Inside the Revolution That's Taking Back Our Country was published.
Education [ edit ]
Weaver graduated from Missisquoi Valley Union High School in Franklin County, Vermont, in 1983. He attended Boston University as an undergraduate ROTC candidate. He was arrested there on April 24, 1986, for disorderly conduct, along with 10 other students; they became known as the "BU Eleven." The group began building shanties on campus and tried to prevent university employees from tearing them down. During the incident several students, including Weaver, tried to prevent police from driving away. Some of the students were placed on probation and others suspended. Weaver received an honorable discharge from the Marines' Reserve Officers' Training Corps.[6] Also in 1986, Weaver and three other students sued the university for the right to hang banners outside their dormitories. Yosef Abramowitz and two other students had displayed signs promoting divestment of the university with companies doing business with South Africa. When Abramowitz's sign was taken down, Weaver hung an American flag and two signs, one a Marine recruiting poster and the other reading "In Solidarity With Yosef". The university claimed it had a policy against dormitory banner displays, but the students argued it was selectively enforced, violating the right to free speech. The courts ruled in the students' favor,[7] providing an immediate injunction against the students being forced to leave their dormitories, and also issuing a permanent injunction preventing the university from taking disciplinary action against the four for exercising their right of free speech.[8]
Weaver later graduated from the University of Vermont.[9]
Career [ edit ]
Weaver's first role as a campaign staffer was in 1986 when he worked for Bernie Sanders's gubernatorial campaign as an Independent. Weaver served as a driver for Sanders.[1][5]
In 1987, one year after his involvement with the Sanders gubernatorial campaign, Weaver launched a campaign of his own, running for St. Albans City Ward 4 alderman. He was 21 years old and known locally for his efforts to register new voters. In 1990, Weaver challenged incumbent St. Albans mayor Ron Firkey for his seat. Weaver ran as an Independent and lost with 40% of the vote. In conceding the race, he said, "People haven't seen the last of Jeff Weaver."[1][2]
Weaver was a staffer for Sanders' successful 1990 congressional race. Following the race, he worked as a legislative assistant, eventually working his way up to chief of staff. Weaver later managed Sanders' successful 2006 Senate campaign and served as chief of staff.[2]
In 2009, following his role as Sanders' Senate chief of staff, Weaver left the political scene to run a comics and gaming store, Victory Comics, in Falls Church, Virginia.[1][10][11]
In May 2015, after a break from politics, Weaver was appointed campaign manager for Sanders' presidential campaign.[2][12][13] The New York Times described Weaver as "a long-trusted adviser to Mr. Sanders, who has developed a reputation inside and outside his campaign as a hard-charging operative often willing to go further than the candidate himself."[14] In July 2016, after Sanders endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Weaver promised "to help organize voters", but did not join her campaign staff.[15]
Our Revolution [ edit ]
In August 2016, Weaver was named the president of Our Revolution, a political organization created by Bernie Sanders.[16] In response to his appointment, eight of Our Revolution's 13 staff members resigned.[17] In late June 2017, he was succeeded by Nina Turner, former state senator of Ohio.[18]
Book [ edit ]
In May 2018, Weaver's book How Bernie Won: Inside the Revolution That's Taking Back Our Country--and Where We Go from Here was published.[19] It is an account of the 2016 Sanders campaign and a wide-ranging assessment of its effects.
During the promotional tour for the book, Weaver was interviewed on C-SPAN,[20] Fox News[21] and The Young Turks.[22]
Advertising
The RSS, which has so far kept women out of its shakhas, has of late been striving towards a gender balance. It has stepped up efforts to get more women enrolled in its affiliates and asked these to appoint women as office-bearers too.
A series of four events with this objective began on Independence Day, with a two-day meeting of the Delhi units of prominent RSS affiliates in Vrindavan (Mathura). Delegates of various affiliates submitted details of the representation of women in their ranks.
[related-post]
A meeting of six organisations — Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana, Pragya Pravah, Sanskar Bharti, Vigyan Bharti, Sahitya Parishad and Adhivakta Parishad — called will be held on September 5-6 in Delhi. Each affiliate has been asked to try to send at least two women to the event, called Vichar Samooh, which is expected to have around 60 participants.
A special two-day conclave organised by Mahila Samanway will follow in Ahmedabad on September 12-13, with around 300 delegates (mostly women) expected from various affiliates.
From December 24 to 26, Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana (ABISY) will hold a three-day conference in Mysore, where around 1,000 delegates will discuss “Women in Indian culture: through the ages”. “We will discuss their strength and their importance in various phases of Indian history. Women in Rig Vedic times enjoyed a high status in society but due to several reasons their status began to decline,” said Balmukund, an RSS pracharak working with ABISY.
Sources say an RSS meeting in Nainital discussed the gender ratio in RSS affiliates (see chart). “Representation of women is gradually increasing in our organisations. At the Ahmedabad conclave, we will discuss several aspects of women empowerment and their role in our organisations,” said Mahila Samanway chief Geeta Tayi Gunde, who coordinates among the affiliates on women's issues.
Advertising
Though RSS shakhas don't allow women, a separate organisation called Rashtra Sevika Samiti holds women's shakhas on the lines of RSS shakhas.
CLOSE Indianapolis Colts safety Clayton Geathers has surgery on a bulging disc in his neck. Clark Wade/IndyStar
Geathers' tackle of DeMarco Murray in Week 11 won the Colts the game. It also ended his season. (Photo: Matt_Kryger/Indy_Star)
INDIANAPOLIS – The two-second pause said more than the five words that followed.
Here was Indianapolis Colts safety Clayton Geathers, speaking to the media for the first time in five months, mulling a question that sought his confidence level two months after he went under the knife to remove a bulging disc in his neck.
Is he certain he can return to the field in 2017 as the same bruising, versatile player he was the last time we saw him, making the signature defensive play of the Colts' 2016 season?
“Ummm,” Geathers began before offering his assurances. “Yes. I feel very confident with what the doctors are saying and how it's looking. I'm feeling positive about it.”
It was less than convincing.
MORE:
Peyton Manning said something 'off-color' to a ref. Then he wouldn't stop apologizing.
Is the clock ticking for Colts' Phillip Dorsett?
In the short term, the ambiguity leaves Geathers' status not only for training camp but Week 1 of the regular season very much up in the air. For comparison's sake, the Colts have been far more forthcoming about the status of other injured players. Owner Jim Irsay was adamant last month that franchise quarterback Andrew Luck (offseason shoulder surgery) will be good to go for the start of the regular season. Coach Chuck Pagano has said he has no doubt first-round pick Malik Hooker (offseason hip surgery) will be on the field for the start of training camp.
They've been far more guarded when it comes to Geathers.
At this point, it seems, they just don't know.
“We're hopeful, but I can't ...” Pagano said Tuesday. “There's no timeline on it.”
Clayton Geathers is one of the lone bright spots on defense leftover from the Ryan Grigson era. (Photo: Robert_Scheer/TheStar, Robert_Scheer/TheStar)
Furthering the speculation, the Colts kept Geathers' March surgery a secret for two months, denying repeated media requests after the team reconvened for offseason workouts in April. To hear Geathers tell it, surgery was the last resort, his only option after repeated MRIs, visits with neck specialists and months of waiting – and hoping – the disc would shrink. It never did.
The Colts better hope the surgery worked. Geathers is a building block for the future, a potential defensive backbone, one of the few young, rising stars on a unit that was almost totally remade by new General Manager Chris Ballard in the offseason. The Colts tested Geathers in a dime linebacker role at times last year, and he flourished. It's no secret they envision doing it a lot more this year.
Which is why neck surgery is nothing to sniff at, certainly for a physical defender who makes his living pounding running backs and receivers to the turf. The guy has 71 tackles in two seasons for a reason.
“The neck is something serious; you don't want to play around with the neck,” Geathers said. “But I believe in a higher power. I just pray about it, and in the end, everything will work out.”
It started with a by-the-book, game-saving tackle in November. Geathers stuffed Titans running back DeMarco Murray on a fourth-and-game in Week 11. Lucas Oil Stadium roared; the Colts sealed the win. It was the sort of we're-not-budging play the Colts' lackluster defense produced not nearly enough last fall.
The downside: Geathers wouldn't play another snap all year.
What began as a diagnosed concussion morphed into a serious neck injury in the weeks that followed, and soon enough, Geathers was sent to injured reserve, his sophomore season in the NFL over. The symptoms refused to go away. After the year ended, Geathers saw one doctor, then another doctor, then another. After a few months passed, and the pain persisted, he was left with only one option.
Surgery.
Was he scared about the impact this could have on the rest of his career?
“Absolutely,” Geathers said. “(But) I just wanted to give it time, give it a lot of time. And (the disc) didn't shrink. So we said, ‘Let's go ahead with the surgery.'”
He remained a spectator as the Colts commenced organized team activities this week; whether he still is come late July when training camp begins remains to be seen. But it no doubt is among the biggest questions facing a revamped defense. It can be argued Geathers is the top returnee. With his status hazy at the moment, and rookies Hooker and second-round pick Quincy Wilson (foot) also not participating this week, the defensive backfield is hurting.
And they haven't even strapped the pads on.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Geathers remains confident. It was just a year ago he showed up at training camp in a boot, victim of a weight room injury. He would miss the season-opening loss against Detroit. The Colts could've used him on a day the Lions set up a game-winning field with 4 seconds remaining.
They'll lean on him more than ever this fall, if he's able to return to the field the same player he was in '16. At this point, it appears, it's just going to take some time.
“I trust the process. I trust the surgery,” Geathers said. “I know that's my style of play, and I feel like once it heals, I'm ready to go.”
Call IndyStar reporter Zak Keefer at (317) 444-6134. Follow him on Twitter: @zkeefer.
UPDATE!
***THE WINNER HAS BEEN CHOSEN AND HAS CONTACTED ME BACK. SO GIVEAWAY IS OFFICIALLY OVER.***
THANKS EVERYBODY FOR ENTERING!
As part of the blog tour for The Dinosaur Knights by Victor Milán, the awesome folks over at Tor books have given me 1 copy of The Dinosaur Knights (The Dinosaur Lords 2) by Victor Milán to giveaway! *1 copy to the U.S. and Canada only (no P.O. boxes please)*
To enter all you have to do is send an email message to mightythorjrs@gmail.com. Be sure you put “The Dinosaur Knights” in the subject line.
For BONUS points please share this post, like it, comment on it, and follow my blog.
For EXTRA BONUS points you can follow me on Twitter: @MightythorJRS and please tweet about the giveaway.
(Yes I will be watching )
I am also on various other social media, links on the home page.
Giveaway starts with this post on 7/8/16 and will end on 7/17/16 (midnight CO time.). I will draw the winning name and notify them via email. If the winner doesn't respond within 48 hours, I will draw another name, and so on until I find someone who wants this Awesome fantasy novel!
*1 copy to the U.S. and Canada only (no P.O. boxes please)*
BLOG TOUR: The Dinosaur Knights by Victor Milán and Tor books!
July 1: Fantasy Book Critic
July 4: Kitten Speaks Geek and A Reading Machine
July 5: Suvudu
July 6: Nerdophiles
July 7: JADBB
July 8: MightyThorJRS!
The Dinosaur Knights (The Dinosaur Lords 2) by Victor Milán
Series: The Dinosaur Lords (Book 2)
The Dinosaur Lords (Book 2) Hardcover: 448 pages
448 pages Publisher: Tor Books ( July 5, 2016 )
Tor Books ( ) ISBN-10: 0765332973
0765332973 ISBN-13: 978-0765332974
Paradise is a sprawling, diverse, often cruel world. There are humans on Paradise but dinosaurs predominate: wildlife, monsters, beasts of burden, and of war. Armored knights ride dinosaurs to battle legions of war-trained Triceratops and their upstart peasant crews. Karyl Bogomirsky is one such knight who has chosen to rally those who seek a way from the path of war and madness. The fact that the Empire has announced a religious crusade against this peaceful kingdom, the people who just wish to live in peace anathema, and they all are to be converted or destroyed doesn't help him one bit. Things really turn to mud when the dreaded Grey Angels, fabled ancient weapons of the Gods who created Paradise in the first place come on the scene after almost a millennium. Everyone thought that they were fables used to scare children. They are very much real. And they have come to rid the world of sin…including all the humans who manifest those vices. THE DINOSAUR KNIGHTS is the second in Victor Milan's lush, exotic tale about knights. Knights riding dinosaurs. “Milán continues writing terrific battle scenes that make full use of the knights' saurian mounts. Those waiting for George R.R. Martin's next book may find a new favorite in this explosive saga of brutal warfare and mythology come to life.”
—Publishers Weekly “It's like a cross between Jurassic Park andGame of Thrones.”
—George R. R. Martin on The Dinosaur Lords “Readers who pick this up for the gimmick will relish it for the able storytelling.” —Publishers Weekly on The Dinosaur Lords
Victor Woodward Milán is an American writer known for libertarian science fiction and an interest in cybernetics. In 1986 he won the Prometheus Award for Cybernetic Samurai. He has also written several shared universe works for the Forgotten Realms, Star Trek, and Wild Cards Universes. He has also written books under the pseudonyms Richard Austin (Jove Books The Guardians series), Robert Baron (Jove Books Stormrider series), and S. L. Hunter (Steele series with Simon Hawke, who used the pen name J. D. Masters). He also wrote at least 9 novels under the “house name” of James Axler for the Harlequin Press/Gold Eagle Books Deathlands series & Outlanders series.
VICTOR MILÀN is best known for his award-winning novel Cybernetic Samurai. In previous worlds he's been a cowboy and Albuquerque's most popular all-night prog-rock DJ. He's never outgrown his childhood love of dinosaurs . . . and hopes you didn't either.
Website
Twitter
———————————————————–
Advertisements
CHENNAI: The chilling visuals of tsunami devastating Japan on Friday brought back memories of December 26, 2004 to Chennaites-- and questions like how good our tsunami alert system is.Thanks to a global network of tsunami monitoring systems, Indian shores may not be caught unawares, but if maintenance of our tsunami buoys are anything go by, the Indian tsunami alert system is in a bad shape. As fishermen continue to vandalise tsunami buoys in the open seas, all that remains in the Bay of Bengal are two such buoys and one other in the Arabian Sea. These buoys sense tidal variations and send out signals to a satellite that alerts the ground stations.Several buoys deployed in the Indian seas in last decade had been vandalised by fishermen who break open the buoys to take away metal parts. The Hyderabad-based Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS), which runs the national tsunami warning centre, depends on tsunami buoys, among other things, for forecast.An NIOT official said 42 of the 50 meteorological buoys deployed for weather predictions in Arabian sea and Bay of Bengal were vandalised by fishermen. Over 160 meteorological, wave and tsunami buoys were retreived out of 240 by NIOT, mostly because of vandalism. In 2009, four damaged buoys were replaced, but those too were rendered useless soon. Fishermen pull out the glittering solar panel and the data collection systems based on a Bottom Pressure Recorder (BRP)."Ideally we should have 12 tsunami buoys in the Bay of Bengal and six in the Arabian Sea. Now we have just one in the Arabian Sea and two in the Bay of Bengal," an official said.NIOT director MA Atmanand confirmed that only three tsunami buoys were functional in the Indian waters, but maintained that they were sufficient. T Srinivasa Kumar, head, advisory services and satellite oceanography, INCOIS said tide guages also help in tsunami alerts. "Buoys and guages are deployed with enough redundancy to ensure a foolproof system. As we expect possible tsunami threats from locations like Sumatra which are well monitored, we don't need to worry," said Kumar. National Institute of Oceanography director SR Shetye said deployment and maintenance of tsunami buoys is a costly affair. "So far the earthquakes have happened in identified subduction areas far away from the Indian waters. Hence we may not need many tsunami buoys. Moreover, tide guages located along the Indian coast can also detect changes and send alerts," he said.The buoys transmit alerts through a real-time geo-stationary satellite INMARSAT to NIOT and INCOIS, which analyse the data. The ministry of home affairs shares the information through communication networks including telephone, e-mail and SMS.
Thousands of people rallied Saturday in the German capital against the massive free-trade accord being negotiated by the European Union and the United States.
Responding to a call by a group of political parties, trade unions and environmental and anti-globalisation groups, the demonstrators gathered at Berlin's main train station for a march through the city.
Organisers said up to 100,000 people were expected to take part in the day of protest against the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) under negotiation between Washington and Brussels, as well as a similiar deal with Canada.
Several trains and more than 600 buses had been chartered to transport protesters to the capital.
Talks on the pact between the US and 28-nation EU — which would be the world's biggest trade deal if completed — began in 2013 and the two sides aim to conclude them by 2016.
Campaigners are particularly angered over Washington's insistence that as part of the pact, private companies be allowed to sue governments before special tribunals.
Some of the placards waved by demonstrators in Berlin read “Stop TTIP” and “TTIP signals climatic shipwreck”.
Several political and union leaders were to address the rally later in the day.
Two New Jersey gas stations sued for price gouging during the state of emergency caused by Hurricane Sandy will pony up $46,000 to settle the allegations.
The New Jersey Attorney General's office announced today that C.S. George & Sons, Inc., which runs George's Service Center on Crooks Avenue in Clifton, will pay $26,000 for allegedly raising the price of regular gasoline by 34 percent after Gov. Chris Christie made the emergency declaration on Oct. 27, two days before the storm made landfall.
Shiv Shivam, Inc., which operates Lukoil on Old New Brunswick Road in Piscataway, will pay $20,000 in fines for allegedly increasing the price of regular gas by 17.5 percent, according to officials. The fines include civil penalties, as well as reimbursement to the state for attorney's fees and other costs.
“These two settlements are the first of what I expect to be a series of resolutions to the price-gouging lawsuits that we have filed to date,” New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa said in a statement.
Chiesa and the state Division of Consumer Affairs sued 24 businesses for excessively raising prices during the state of emergency from the megastorm.
CONNECT WITH US
On mobile or desktop: • Like The Star-Ledger on Facebook • Follow @starledger on Twitter And check out our redesigned mobile site by visiting NJ.com from any mobile browser.
State law prohibits businesses from raising prices more than 10 percent during a declared state of emergency or the 30 days following. Businesses that incur extra costs due to the emergency may not raise prices more than 10 percent above the normal markup from those expenses.
The state received more than 2,000 consumer complaints about price gouging after Sandy.
Residents may file a complaint with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs by visiting its website or by calling (800) 242-5846.
Bandai Namco released a new trailer for Tales of Berseria showcasing the game's English voice cast for the first time, and fans are quite divided over a glaringly obvious change made to cover up a more graphic part of the original Japanese trailer.
The company has gone on to say that the change was necessary as it wouldn't allow them to obtain the rating they wanted, restricting how many players could enjoy the game – due to the violence seen in the original scene. However, they pledged their commitment to keeping this the only altered scene.
“This is the only scene which has been altered from the Japanese version of the game,” the company said in a statement. “Everything else is exactly the same as the Japanese version including costume designs.”
A decision was made to alter the scene completely, while keeping the pivotal moment mostly intact so you can still get the gist of what motivates Velvet to become the vengeful warrior seen in later trailers.
This is a SPOILER WARNING as the alteration directly involves a story cinematic.
The original cinematic shows protagonist Velvet trying to save a character from the game's antagonist, only to see the character be impaled with a sword. The western version doesn't show the actual impalement, instead the character is shown floating in the sky with big slashes going through them.
Censored Gaming has a nice comparison between the two versions, with the altered western version seen first and the Japanese original seen last:
Here's the entire statement, from the Bandai Namco Facebook page. This statement also contains SPOILERS, so please read with caution.
Dear Tales of Community,
We read about your concerns regarding some changes between the Japanese and the Western versions of Tales of Berseria, the next game from the Tales Of series to be released on January 27th 2017 on Playstation 4 and PC.
In the western game footage released on December 8th, you discovered a scene that has been reworked compared to the original Japanese game.
As a company, Bandai Namco Entertainment has to follow the regional regulations regarding video games content to allow the games to be released with appropriate rating. The violence depicted in the original Japanese scene in Tales of Berseria would not allow us to keep our current 16 rating. A major change in our rating wouldn't have allowed to share the game with as many fans as we'd like and it would have prevented us many opportunities to show the game on social networks, websites and even during events. Therefore, instead of deleting the sequence, we decided to rework a portion of the scene to keep its importance in the story. We've ensured its impact in the story is the same. Even if the exact actions are different, their consequences are exactly the same: the defining moment changing Velvet's Story and opposing her to Arthur Collbrande, the moment it becomes a tale of emotions versus reason. We made this modification out of necessity, be sure of that.
You may have read in an interview that we had promised not to censor the game in the West. The statement applied only to the Velvet's outfit at the time, and we did our best to keep the game as close to the Japanese version as possible.
This is the only scene which has been altered from the Japanese version of the game. Everything else is exactly the same as the Japanese version including costume designs which you will be able to see for yourself once we release the demo on January 10th.
Tales of Berseria is launching for PlayStation 4 and PC in North America on January 24th, followed by January 27th in Europe.
Police at the scene of a security operation in the Brussels suburb of Molenbeek in Brussels, Belgium, March 18, 2016. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - There are signs that more Islamic State inspired militants have been sent to Belgium and Europe, Belgian authorities said on Tuesday, maintaining the country's threat status at the second-highest level.
Belgium's alert level was cut to three from the maximum of four just two days after the March 22 attacks which killed 32 people at the airport and on the metro in Brussels. It has remained at that level since.
“There are indications that Islamic State has sent fighters to Europe and Belgium, the threat level which is currently at three will not go down,” a spokesman of Belgium's crisis center said.
By maintaining the level three status, authorities indicate that an attack is possible and likely.
Prosecutors detained two men seen on security footage alongside the metro and airport suicide bombers on April 8, meaning all known Brussels bombings suspects are dead or in custody.
Justice Investigating Handling Of Sexual Assault Reports At University Of Montana
The Obama Administration showed today that it's willing to take unprecedented steps to try to prevent sexual assaults on college campuses when the U.S. Department of Justice announced that it has opened a series of investigations into how the University of Montana in Missoula and local law enforcement agencies handled reports of sexual assaults.
The Justice Department investigation will look not just at whether the university has adequately addressed the problem of sexual assault, but how local police and the county attorney responded as well. There have been at least 11 reported sexual assaults involving university students in an 18-month period, and in two recent allegations, women said a man forced them to drink alcohol that may have been laced with a date rape drug.
"Basically, this is an investigation of the entire town," Katherine Redmond, founder of the National Coalition Against Violent Athletes, told NPR. She lauded the Justice Department announcement and added, "hopefully this will sound a warning to a lot of other schools."
Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez, in Missoula to announce the investigation, said sexual assault and sexual harassment "undermine women's basic rights and, when perpetrated against students, can negatively impact their ability to learn and continue their education." In 2010, a series of investigative reports by NPR and the Center for Public Integrity found that even when men are found responsible for sexual assault, there are often only weak consequences and usually it's the woman, who brought the complaint, who ends up dropping out of school.
University of Montana officials have acted in recent months to tighten discipline policies and report alleged assaults in a more timely way to local police. After the Justice Department announcement, Jim Foley, University Executive Vice President of the University, told NPR: "We intend to cooperate fully. We look forward to the discussions with the Department of Justice and continue to do everything we can to stop sexual assault."
It's the second time in a little over a year that the Obama Administration has taken ground-breaking action to address the issue of college sexual assaults. In April, 2011, the Administration announced new guidelines for schools and universities intended to push them to do more to prevent sexual assault and then to do a better job investigating when an assault is alleged.
In 2010,the NPR and CPI investigative reports looked at the culture of secrecy around the way schools investigate allegations of sexual assault and the weak response by federal officials with regulatory oversight of campus safety.
Matt Adams (1B)
Rev Theory: "Voices"
Peter Bourjos (OF)
Dr. Dre feat. Snoop Dogg: "Still D.R.E."
Matt Carpenter (3B)
Gyft: "They Just Don't Know" - April 2015
Buckcherry: "Crazy Bitch" - May 2015
Tony Cruz (C)
Young Money Feat. Shawt Dawg: "Pass The Dutch"
Randall Grichuk (OF)
Florida Georgia Line feat. Luke Bryan: "This is How We Roll" - April 2015
Nelly -"Here Comes The (Boom)" - June 2015
Jason Heyward (RF)
Montana de Mac: "Rock On (Do the Rockman)"
Matt Holliday (LF)
needtobreathe: "The Heart" - April 2015
WWE (feat. Brand New Sin) - "Crank It Up (Big Show)" - June 2015
Jon Jay (CF)
DJ Khaled feat. Pitbull, Trick Daddy and Rick Ross: "Born N Raised" - April 2015
Jay-Z: "Public Service Announcement" - June 2015
Pete Kozma (IF)
Motley Crue: "Kickstart My Heart" - April 2015
Led Zeppelin - "The Ocean" - May 2015
Yadier Molina (C)
Cosculluela: "Probando Voces 2"
Johnny Peralta (SS)
Yiyo Sarante Feat. Don Miguelo: "Aqui Yo Voy"
Mark Reynolds (IF/OF)
Jake Owen: "Barefoot Blue Jean Night"
Kolten Wong (2B)
Soja: "I Don't Wanna Wait" - April 2015
Steel Pulse: "Steppin Out" - May 2015
Silento - "Watch Me" - June 2015
John Lackey (SP)
Garth Brooks: "Friends in Low Places"
Lance Lynn (SP)
Hank Williams Jr.: "A Country Boy Can Survive"
Carlos Martinez (SP)
Mark B feat. El Major Clasico: "Va Segui"
Michael Wacha (SP)
We are Toonz: "Drop That Nae Nae" - April 2015
Wacka Flocka Flame - "No Hands" - June 2015
Adam Wainwright (SP)
Alabama: "Song of the South"
Jaime Garcia (SP)
Sidelajus: "Warriors"
Carlos Villanueva (RP)
Don Omar: "Ahora Son Mejor"
Jordan Walden (RP)
Florida Georgia Line (Feat. Luke Bryan) - This Is How We Roll
Qatar is one of 45 countries competing in Incheon, South Korea
The Qatar women's basketball team have withdrawn from the Asian Games in South Korea after being denied permission to wear the hijab during matches.
The players were asked to remove the Islamic head scarf before taking on Mongolia but refused and forfeited.
World basketball regulations list headgear and hair accessories among the items that are prohibited on court.
With no sign that the rule would be relaxed before their next match against Nepal, the team decided to pull out.
Basketball's governing body Fiba: "The uniform regulations are of a purely sporting nature."
In a statement, basketball's world governing body Fiba said its regulations applied "on a global scale and without any religious connotation".
The statement added: "While certain groups have interpreted the provisions of the official basketball rules as a ban against the participation of players of certain faiths in basketball competitions, the uniform regulations are of a purely sporting nature."
Other sports at the Asian Games allow athletes to wear the hijab; all four members of the Iranian lightweight women's quadruple sculls team wore it as they rowed to a bronze medal on Wednesday.
Earlier this year, football's governing body Fifa officially authorised the wearing of head covers for religious reasons during football matches.
Football's world governing body Fifa lifted a ban on religious head covers earlier this year
Basketball remains one of the exceptions, although Fiba said earlier this month that it had held discussions on the issue and was introducing a two-year testing phase on what players can wear.
The Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) issued a statement on Wednesday, saying: "The right of the athletes must be the highest priority."
After forfeiting the Mongolian match, Qatari player Amal Mohamed A Mohamed said they had been assured before they travelled to the Games in Incheon that they would be able to wear the hijab.
"We were told that we would be able to participate in matches by wearing a hijab," she said.
"We will not attend any games in this Asian Games unless the officials change their decision."
The Asian Games, held every four years, are recognised by the International Olympic Committee and feature more than 9,000 athletes from 45 countries competing in 36 sports.
The 2014 edition concludes on 4 October.
And, as Steve Bull turns 50 today, the club's greatest scorer admits he still gets embarrassed at the hero worship enjoys from Wolves fans.
His unrivalled contribution on the pitch is reflected off it in the South Bank songbook: 'Stevie Bull's a tatter, 'Hark now Hear the Angels Sing', 'Lily the Pink' and 'Oooh Bully, Bully' regularly ring out around Molineux on match-day.
Perhaps more than anything, he's one of them. After all, he not only speaks their lingo and lives in the city but regularly joins supporters on away trips.
But the unique bond between Bully and the fans goes far beyond mere language and geography.
It's something deep within that means for those who watched him play can readily identify with.
Wolves fans want to see players giving their all, and no-one gave more than Bully.
It was shown time after time in the all-out bravery and commitment, the grittiness of his performances, and perhaps more than anything, the loyalty he showed to stay at Wolves.
"I do get a bit embarrassed about it," he says. "When we go to the away games, me and my mates pile up in a van,and get a bottle of beer and a pie with all the fans.
Advertising
"The worst one was at Sheffield Wednesday this season - it was so chock-a-block I couldn't even get off the concourse - I didn't even watch the second half.
"They were singing songs and getting me to sign stuff...but I love it. It keeps them happy and it keeps them coming back here.
"But the only reason they sing is because they want hard workers - and that's what I was. I'd put my shirt on, put my boots on, get out there and give it 100 per cent.
"I think they sing my name because they want to see players do what I used to do."
Advertising
Steve Bull goes over 50 years of fame with our Wolves reporter Tim Nash.
It seems strange now to think but Bully was once concerned whether he would ever become a fans' favourite.
"I think it comes from the initial bond you strike up," he says.
"When I first came from Albion I think we both wondered how it was going to turn out, but at the time there were only about 3,900 fans here then!
"I was just glad it wasn't 28,000 like it is now, otherwise they would have been booing me.
"Once the first goal went in, they thought 'Hang on, where's this lad from? He's only from down the road, in Tipton, so let's get behind him'.
"I heard them cheering after the first one went in, then after the second one they were cheering even more, and more and more fans were coming every week.
"It grew to 9,000, 10,000 and I was thinking 'They're seeing something here' and the club was starting to get back on its feet again."
As he reaches his half century, Bully is happy and has no regrets about his playing career.
Yes, he'd swap those creaking knees for one last crack of pulling on the gold and black - and almost certainly for another toe-to-toe contest against old adversary Steve Walsh for old time's sake - but he insists he had to finish playing when he did in 1999 for his long-term health.
Nevertheless, his retirement was greeted with heavy hearts from thousands of adoring fans from all over the region.
"If I could turn back time, I'd have two new knees and I'd still get back out there," he says. "The head is still willing, but the knees aren't. I will have discomfort to the day I die.
"It's just wear and tear from the bones in my body and I know, at some stage, I will have to have both knees replaced.
"But until I'm down to my ankles and you can't see my knees I'm not going to get them done.
"At the time, I'd had an operation at the end of the season and I was all ready for pre-season and had had a good week. We were in Austria and Germany.
"All of a sudden I twisted and something cracked and I thought 'something telling me something here.' I thought if I don't stop now, I'll be in a wheelchair.
"I wasn't in pain - I was in discomfort and it's still the same to this day.
"I could have signed for someone like Kidderminster playing maybe one game in 10 but I'd have been just taking money off them and I didn't want to do that.
"I wanted to finish and say 'I've done my job, let me get on with my life now'."
If he couldn't play, then Bully wanted to hand on the number nine shirt to someone who could, and he thought he'd found him in a certain hugely talented teenager from Dublin.
"I wouldn't want people to hold me in low or high esteem; the club was on a steady platform and I thought someone like Robbie Keane could come in and take over my mantle and take the club forward," he says.
"I only had a season or so with a very young Keane, who was a very selfish player but he knew what to do with the ball and he went from strength to strength."
Keane was the youngest strike partner Bully played with at Molineux but he is in no doubt as to who the best one he played with was.
Wolves legends Steve Bull and Andy Mutch went head to head as opposing managers at a charity match at the Molineux Stadium.
And given they scored just over 300 goals in their seven years together from 1986-93, it's no surprise it's Andy Mutch.
"I played up there with David Kelly, Don Goodman and Iwan Roberts but I have to go back to my old mucker, Mutchy," he recalls.
"He was top drawer, brilliant. He could talk a very good game for a Scouser, but he did put it into action on the pitch. Me and him complemented each other superbly.
"I knew where he was, he knew where I was - if he was crossing, he knew where I'd be and vice-versa so it was a great combination for the seven years we were together."
Mutch was one of the scorers in the game that features as Bully's greatest single achievement, his one Wembley cup win - the Sherpa Van Trophy in 1988, when Wolves beat fellow Fourth Division side Burnley 2-0 in front of 80,841.
"My greatest achievement is playing here for 13 years after being told at the age of 17 that I couldn't play professional football," he says. Footballing-wise, one of the highlights was winning the Sherpa Van Trophy.
"Coming from fourth from bottom of the old Fourth Division to winning that division, winning at Wembley in the Sherpa Van Trophy final in front of about 60,000 Wolves fans was unbelievable."
Mutch was also there but as one of Bully's late-night drinking the evening before one of his most memorable and spectacular feats of goalscoring, at Newcastle on New Year's Day, 1990, which figure as his four favourite goals for the club.
"I can't pick one, can I pick four?" he says. "It's got to be all four I scored at Newcastle.
"We couldn't believe how many people went up there to support us - it was freezing cold but there were about 3,000 fans dressed as reindeers, Santas and snowmen - unbelievable.
"And to repay those fans by scoring four goals was brilliant. When I saw the TV pictures when we got back, I thought 'that's true Wolves fans'.
"A lot of Wolves fans probably don't like me saying that because they'd like me to choose the ones against the Albion, but going back there, they were just normal goals to hurt them.
"For England, I know people will say the Hampden Park one and it was unbelievable because it was on my debut.
"But for the quality of the goal, it was the volley against Czechoslovakia - I was about two metres off the ground and it flew into the top corner. I think it's number 37 in England's top 50."
As he ponders his lists of 'bests', Bully die-hards won't be surprised to learn who his most difficult opponent was.
"It's got to be Steve Walsh - it was always handbags at 10 paces with me and Walshy," he chuckles.
"We looked at each other in the tunnel and we'd say 'is it you that's going to get sent off today or me?!'
"We'd look at each other and growl and once we got out there on the pitch, we'd be battling and scrapping all the time. It was brilliant!
"But the hardest of the lot was his partner at centre-half, a big Irishman Gerry Taggart. Everywhere I turned, it was 'bang' - I couldn't shift him.
"Unless I ran 20 yards forwards and 20 yards square, I couldn't get past him. He's a good friend of mine now and we play golf.
"But he was dirty and hard at the same time, a bit like Stuart Pearce, he always took the ball and put the man in the stand!
"I could hear him coming up behind me with steam coming out of his ears, thinking 'oh no, here he comes'."
Bully and Taggart - by then at Bolton - locked horns spectacularly in what was known as the Battle of Burnden Park in 1997, two years after the losing play-off semi-final when John McGinlay's punch on David Kelly went unpunished.
"We lost in the play-offs in '95 and it was one of the worst days of my career and my life," recalls Bully.
"In '97 it all kicked off between us - there was a 22-man brawl. I can't tell you what went on in there; it was very heated but we shouldn't have done it.
"There were fisticuffs all over the place. We wanted to win and it was a case of 'boosh' in you go, and you start swinging. There were a couple of black eyes and a couple of broken noses in there. Suffice to say it was a frank exchange of views - we both had steam coming out of our ears, but he's a good lad."
Nowadays, Bully is happy to watch his beloved Wolves from the place he calls his 'second home' - Molineux - from his vantage point standing above the tunnel outside the Hayward Suite.
There was a stage where he hoped it could have been in the dugouts.
But after his chastening experience cutting his teeth at Stafford Rangers, he is happy to take a back seat and admits a footballing role at Wolves is probably not for him now.
"I thought I'd get on the ladder and four, five, six years down the line, maybe get back here (Wolves)," he says.
"But they (Stafford) just pulled the rug from beneath my feet. I asked myself whether I wanted to go through that humiliation again and thought no, so my books went back in the loft and here I am now.
"I thought I'd give it a go but I look at it and what about if I came back here and failed as a manager?
"How would the fans remember me then? So it's swings and roundabouts, but I'll leave it there.
"I'm turning 50, I'm two-thirds of a lifespan through to 75 and now I'm going to enjoy the rest of my life."
Instead, he is happy to leave managing the club in the hands of Kenny Jackett.
And he believes the head coach will not only lead Wolves back to the Premier League but will be with the club for a good few years yet.
"Kenny's got a team of young kids who work hard and give 100 per cent, and that's what I want to I see," he says.
"If they don't, I want to grab them by the wotsits and say 'get out there and run yourself to a standstill for this club'.
"Kenny's done a remarkable job - from cutting the playing staff and getting his own squad in, I think he could be one to watch for the future.
"Hopefully he'll be here for a few years to come. I think he will get us promoted, but hopefully not too soon.
"I know we'd all love to be up there again, but let's get these kids ripened first and mature then we can get to the Premier League and stay there.
"The supporters are enjoying the standard of football, the goals, the style of play, coming here and going away smiling."
As for Bully, all he wants from the club is to stay involved with his beloved Wolves.
"I hope I'm going to be here talking about Wolves for the next 25 years," he reflects.
"I'm vice-president here - thanks for Sir Jack Hayward for giving me that role - and I will represent this club in the best way I can.
"I'm gold and black through and through and if anyone says a bad word about Wolves, they will have to answer to me.
"But having the stand named after me, the MBE, playing in the World Cup...I've loved every single minute of it."
So have we, Bully, so have we.
By Tim Nash
Bitcoin acceptance in China has now extended into real estate with a residential developer in Zhangjiang Hi-Tech park in Shanghai finding a new way to promote sales through the acceptance of Bitcoin virtual currency.
Shanda Group, one of the large IT giants in China, through its real estate development arm, opened sales of its first real estate investment project on October 25th, 2013. 300 apartments in the soon-to-be built buildings ranging from 42-81sqm were available for sale and sold out in a few minutes as demand far outstripped supply.
As part of the promotion, Shanda accepted Bitcoins for payment. Although the exchange rate was ‘fixed' at 1,000 Chinese Yuan (CNY) to one Bitcoin and the developer reserved the right to adjust the rate, the deal represents one of the first times that Bitcoin could be used for such a large scale 'public' purchase. The exchange rate was about 1,200 CNY : 1 Bitcoin on BTCChina that day, so the developer was obviously trying to hedge a bit in case Bitcoin fell through, but considering the rate is rapidly reaching nearly 2,000 CNY : 1 Bitcoin, it would have been a great deal for the developer – Bitcoin is one of the few investments in China that has been increasing faster than real estate in 2013.
The program was specific for the Zhangjiang Hi-Tech park as there are, as you would expect, a number of high-tech companies in the zone with younger workers would presumably be more aware of and in-touch with Bitcoin. The advertised price for the apartments was between 21,000-28,000 CNY / sqm, which is roughly what you might expect, if not a bit cheap.
The current run-up in the price of Bitcoin is an indicator of the interest in the currency, but is likely largely due to speculation. However, examples like this property development show how Bitcoin could be used for non-speculative purposes in nearly every industry. Regular bank transactions to pay for property would typically involve a stack of paperwork and likely a solid afternoon in the bank. With Bitcoin, the transaction could be completed in minutes.
Manchester United and Paul Pogba have hit the woodwork most
Manchester United have hit the woodwork more times than any other Premier League club this season and no player has done so more often than Paul Pogba.
United have hit the sticks 27 times in all competitions this term and were denied twice during their 1-1 draw against Everton on Tuesday.
Phil Jagielka put the Toffees ahead at Old Trafford and Manchester United failed to capitalise on opportunities to equalise with Ander Herrera hitting the crossbar and Paul Pogba heading against the post, before Zlatan Ibrahimovic levelled the scores with a stoppage-time penalty.
3:01 Man Utd 1-1 Everton Man Utd 1-1 Everton
Jose Mourinho's side have drawn a league-high 12 games in the Premier League and hit the woodwork at least once in seven of those games.
In addition to Tuesday, United were denied a potential match-winning goal twice against Stoke and Burnley (both in October), and once against West Ham (November), Everton (December), Liverpool and Stoke (both January).
Those missed opportunities could have boosted United's current points tally by 14 points, which would place them second in the league - just one point behind Chelsea.
Number of times Premier League clubs have hit woodwork (all comps) Club Hit woodwork Man Utd 27 Man City 25 Tottenham 21 Arsenal 16 Chelsea 16 Bournemouth 16 Stoke 13 Liverpool 13 Southampton 12 Hull City 11 West Brom 11 Swansea 11 West Ham 11 Leicester 10 Everton 9 Crystal Palace 8 Burnley 6 Middlesbrough 6 Watford 5 Sunderland 4
POGBA
Paul Pogba has hit the woodwork nine times this term in all competitions, as has Manchester City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne - three more than Alexis Sanchez and Jack Wilshere.
In the Premier League, Pogba struck the bar against Watford and Stoke and hit the upright with a free-kick against Spurs, doing the same against Sunderland and Middlesbrough and hitting the post against Everton on Tuesday.
In the EFL Cup, the Frenchman hit the post in United's 1-0 win over Manchester City and saw a fine free-kick cannon back off an upright against Hull City.
The 24-year-old also headed against the crossbar from close range during United's 3-0 win over St Etienne in the Europa League - a game which saw the world's most expensive player go head to head with his brother Florentin Pogba.
Will United start converting their chances? Watch Sunderland v Manchester United live on Sky Sports 1 or Sky Sports Mix from 12.30pm on Sunday.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. -- The U.S. men's national team will play Jamaica on Friday in its final tuneup before the critical World Cup qualifier against Honduras on March 24. Ahead of the friendly versus Jamaica at Finley Stadium in Chattanooga, Tennessee, ESPN FC caught up with U.S. coach Bruce Arena, who led the U.S. at the 2002 and '06 World Cups and was rehired to get the Americans' qualification effort back on track after previous U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann lost the first two qualifiers of the final round in November.
Here's what Arena had to say on a variety of subjects as the matches that count get closer.
Editor's note: This has been edited for length and clarity.
ESPN FC: You're coming to the end of a three-week training camp. What has surprised you?
Bruce Arena: Nothing, really. It's been clear to me that the position of the national team coach and the status of the program has been elevated and that there are more people that care about it and have an opinion about it. The federation, organizationally, is helping us develop a plan to make the program successful. There's been a little bit of work there.
Back when you were hired, you spoke about the off-field work with players being harder in some ways than picking lineups, figuring out the tactics, etc. How has the man-management part gone so far?
It's there. It probably gets a little bit more difficult once the real competition starts, but so far so good. There's always time to spend with the players. I've been able to communicate with all of them.
What makes that part so challenging?
Everyone wants to play. Everyone has an opinion, and that's all accepted and known, but at the end of the day, given all of these things where sometimes people are thinking in all different directions, coming from all different places, we have to quickly bring all of that together and get everyone on the same page. That's the challenging part.
In a club team, you're doing that every day and it's a little bit easier to do. With the national team, obviously that's not the case. At the same time, with the national team you can make changes a lot quicker than you can with a club team. So there are plusses and minuses.
Many of the players who will be in your lineups in March aren't available this month. How much have you been in contact with your Europe- and Mexico-based players?
During this camp, not much. But it will begin again in February. A lot of that was done in December, and in February and March we'll be doing a lot of it.
How frequently will you speak to them, and what sort of things will you talk to them about?
A little bit of everything, depending on the person and the questions they have. I think there will be weekly contacts with them as we get closer to the games.
In your recent interview with Taylor Twellman, you said you didn't know your lineup for March 24.
How would I know that?
Well, assuming all your players are healthy and available, do you have an idea?
No, because not everyone is going to be healthy and available. I don't know how you answer that question. That's, what, seven weeks away? There are some key players that likely will not be available, that you would assume if they were available, they could be in the lineup.
Are you confident that Geoff Cameron is going be available?
No. He hasn't played a game [since October, because of a knee injury].
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes indicated recently that Cameron is close to returning to action. Is that your understanding?
He should be, but I don't know.
Given the defensive struggles during the November games, how much of a concern is it that most of the defenders in contention to start in March haven't been part of this camp?
It's a concern. It's going to be a big challenge in that week of preparation, for both of the games, to get the starting group identified and organized real quick.
The back line was mostly consistent and mostly performed well during last summer's Copa America Centenario. That was a while ago, but will that experience help them get back on the same page quickly?
It will be helpful, but that's an experience from eight months ago. The point is: It's not going to be easy. It won't be easy even if it's the same group that played the last two games. There's some real work to be done there.
The foreign-based players won't report until March 20. Is four days enough time to prepare them?
It has to be enough. There's no choice in the matter. It's not like we can reschedule the game. By the time they show up, they're gonna understand what's going on. However that's done, in the manner it's done, the frequency it's done ... it'll get done.
You've seemed pretty relaxed since you were rehired. When does the honeymoon period end?
The honeymoon ends the second after people don't like the result. That's when it ends.
After Sunday's scoreless tie against Serbia, how important is it to win against Jamaica in terms of confidence?
That one's not important. We'd certainly like to win, but the one on March 24 is the one we have to win.
Jozy Altidore has said repeatedly, including after the Serbia game, that he prefers playing with a strike partner. He was the lone forward in that game; why did you play that way, and will we see two guys up top against Jamaica?
You will see two forwards [Friday] night. The reason we played that way is to see Sacha [Kljestan] play with Jozy and get [Darlington] Nagbe in too, and to see if he can do it. Although the majority of clubs play that way now, it's still a difficult way to play.
Why do you think the one-striker setup is so popular around the world these days?
I think everyone is insistent on having enough players in the midfield to stop the other team or slow them down.
Jermaine Jones is suspended against Honduras; you tried Sebastian Lletget in his spot during the second half Sunday. Even if Lletget plays against Jamaica, he'll have only two games of international experience under his belt. How realistic is it that he'll be an option to start in games as important as the ones in March?
We'll see. There's a little bit of time. [Alejandro] Bedoya can play there as well.
You told Twellman that you plan to bring in 26 players next month. That's maybe a bigger group than usual. Is it because Jones and Timmy Chandler are suspended?
That's part of it. You're allowed to have 23 [on the roster], so it's not that large. We might bring 30 into camp. I don't think that's a large group.
You also said in that interview that you didn't address keeper Tim Howard's comments on some players not being fully committed to the national team because you didn't believe it was an issue. Do you have to address it when the foreign-based players come in?
It's already been addressed.
Was that in December, when you went to Germany to meet with Chandler, John Brooks, Fabian Johnson, Christian Pulisic and Bobby Wood?
Yes.
What did you say to them?
I don't recall exactly, but basically we talked about on-field stuff.
But you talked about commitment, too?
We talked about having the right mentality to play for your national team. I brought it up. I wanted to make sure they understood the importance of playing for the national team and having the right approach to it when you come in.
After March, your next set of qualifiers in June includes a trip to the Azteca in Mexico City. There are different approaches to preparing for the altitude there. You can fly in close to the game or try to get accustomed to the altitude over a longer period of time. What's your thinking there? (Note: The U.S. might play a tuneup in Sandy, Utah, and the first June qualifier against Trinidad and Tobago in suburban Denver.)
We're getting close to having a plan, although we don't have it yet. I'm pretty sure I know.
How worried are you that the current political climate in the United States could add to the hostile environments you face in away qualifiers?
I would think that people in the countries we're going to play in realize that our team and our players don't represent values that we don't appreciate or respect.
You didn't have any thoughts on President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration after the Serbia game?
I have plenty of thoughts on it.
You didn't share them then, but Michael Bradley spoke about it before the game and other players did afterward.
I'd simply say that I hope that the message that our administration relayed was not done properly, and that they don't actually believe that. I think that's been the case since, that they've tried to correct what many thought was a policy of banning Muslims from coming to this country. I don't think anyone believes that's the sort of policy we should have. I also don't think that's my role to be commenting on political policies that the president of the United States is trying to implement. If that's the case, this job has gotten a lot bigger than I realize.
Would Robbie Rogers and Dom Dwyer have been called into this camp if they weren't injured?
Robbie Rogers is hurt, so he wasn't in consideration. I think there's going to be more to his story. Dom Dwyer, if he was healthy, I think I would've brought him into camp.
You've been asked about many individual players since taking the job. I want your thoughts on some you haven't discussed. Aron Johannsson?
Following his progress. He hasn't been able to get on the field a whole lot with his club.
Alfredo Morales has been a fairly consistent starter in the Bundesliga for Ingolstadt but didn't get many chances under Jurgen Klinsmann.
We have some coaches here that know him, have talked about him a little bit. I don't know him that well, but the general assessment is that we have good options in his position right now.
Is Justin Morrow someone you might consider down the road?
Possibly. His position is as a hybrid left-back. He's someone we considered for this camp.
Ventura Alvarado?
I've watched him play for Club America. It's a hard one. He's really not a right-back, or maybe he is. They played a little bit of a different system in the Club World Cup. These are just more names to add to the list. The question is, is it any better than what we already have? And do we have time to keep adding to the list? We're trying to cut it down, not add to it.
Doug McIntyre is a staff writer for ESPN The Magazine and ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @DougMacESPN.
The coffee shop operator was also fined S$1,000 for offences which include failing to maintain sanitary fittings and not providing hand soap in the toilet.
SINGAPORE: A coffee shop at Jurong West was ordered to close on Friday (Mar 17) over hygiene offences relating to its toilet facilities.
In a suspension notice, the National Environment Agency (NEA) said the coffee shop at Block 503 Jurong West Avenue 1 #01-855 failed to maintain sanitary fittings in good working condition and did not provide hand soap in the toilet.
Advertisement
For these offences, the eating house and all of its food stalls were required to cease operations for one day. Its main operator was also fined S$1,000.
According to NEA, main operators of coffee shops, food courts and canteens who accumulate 12 or more demerit points during a 12-month period may have their licences suspended for up to three days, depending on their past records.
The main operator of the coffee shop had accumulated 14 demerit points.
"NEA takes a serious view of these offences and would like to remind food operators to observe good food and personal hygiene practices at all times, and to engage only registered food handlers," it said, adding that it "will not hesitate to take firm action against anyone found to be in violation of the Environmental Public Health Act".
Advertisement
Glenn Yarbrough, the folk singer and founding member of The Limeliters, died at the age of 86 in his Nashville home on Thursday.
His daughter, Holly Yarbrough Burnett, told The New York Times that he succumbed to complications of dementia.
Yarbrough was born in 1930 in Milwaukee but grew up in New York City, where he helped support his family as a paid boy soprano at a local church. He served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War, starting as a code breaker before transitioning to the entertainment corps. Upon returning from his stint overseas, Yarbrough began performing in clubs and on local television shows.
In 1959, along with Lou Gottlieb and Alex Hassilev, he founded The Limeliters, named after the club in Aspen, Colorado, that Yarbrough ran. The group soon signed with Elektra Records, which was founded by Jac Holzman, Yarbrough's roommate at St. John's College. In 1961, their second album, Tonight: In Person, reached No. 5 on the Billboard charts, where it stayed for 74 weeks.
Yarbrough left the group in 1963 to pursue a solo career, even though he eventually he rejoined The Limeliters in subsequent years for multiple reunion tours. His biggest hit came in 1965 with “Baby the Rain Must Fall,” the title song from the Steve McQueen film of the same name.
He later brought his talents to the screen, providing vocals for the animated adaptations of The Hobbit and The Return of the King, based on the fantasy books by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The singer continued to make music later in life, releasing an album with his daughter, Holly in 1997, but he lost his ability to sing in 2010 due to throat surgery.
“I wouldn't call myself a folk singer any more, although I started out that way,” Yarbrough told The Los Angeles Times in 1996. “You know, I never thought I'd spend a lifetime doing this; it just happened.”
Yarbrough is survived by his children Stephany, Sean, and Holly, and his stepdaughters, Brooke and Heather.
The study also found that racial disparities persisted when the testers wore business attire or dressed in army uniforms. For example, testers wearing army uniforms were allowed to ride free 97 percent of the time if they were white, but only 77 percent of the time if they were black.
This elegant experiment follows in a tradition of audit testing, in which social scientists have sent testers of different races to, for example, bargain over the price of new cars or old baseball cards. But the Australian study is the first, to my knowledge, to focus on discretionary accommodations. It's less likely these days to find people in positions of authority, even at lower levels of decision making, consciously denying minorities rights. But it is easier to imagine decision makers, like the bus drivers, granting extra privileges and accommodations to nonminorities. Discriminatory gifts are more likely than discriminatory denials.
A police officer is an out-and-out bigot if she targets innocent blacks for speeding tickets. But an officer who is more likely to give a pass to white motorists who exceed the speed limit than to black ones is also discriminating, even if with little or no conscious awareness. This is one reason the Twitter hashtag #crimingwhilewhite is so powerful: It draws attention to the racially biased exercise of discretion by police officers, prosecutors and judges, which results in whites getting a pass for the kinds of offenses for which minorities are punished.
Racial discrimination is more likely in settings in which both decision makers and bystanders cannot easily observe how comparable nonminorities are treated. A restaurant is unlikely to charge Hispanics higher prices for a hamburger, because the victim could compare her bill to the price listed on the menu. But one-off accommodations where the decision maker retains substantial discretion don't offer any easy point of comparison. My kids, who are white, have never been turned down when I asked if they could use a bathroom designated for “employees only.” After reading the Australian bus study, I wonder whether the same is true for minority families.
The bus study underscores this point. Drivers were more likely to let testers ride free when there were fewer people on the bus to observe the transaction. And the drivers themselves were probably not aware that they were treating minorities differently. When drivers, in a questionnaire conducted after the field test, were shown photographs of the testers and asked how they would respond, hypothetically, to a free-ride request, they indicated no statistically significant bias against minorities in the photos (86 percent said they would let the black individual ride free).
The plan calls for monitoring the social media activity of the “returnees,” placing them on the no-fly list and asking Passport Canada to revoke their travel documents and flag their future passport applications.
The RCMP has also compiled a list of indicators to ascertain the “future posture” of returning fighters that includes whether they are employed, married, “raising funds linked to a little-known charity” or “proselytizing.”
The “range of responses” for dealing with returnees who have either received terrorist training abroad or taken part in foreign conflicts is outlined in a report obtained by the National Post under the Access to Information Act.
“Amongst other things, the Force must also determine whether they are radicalized and intent on committing crimes, including terrorist acts,” said the report, Foreign Fighters: Preventing the Security Threat in Canada and Abroad.
The document, which the RCMP provided to federal officials who drafted the 2016 Public Report on the Terrorist Threat to Canada, was released amid concerns about fleeing combatants following the launch of the Mosul offensive.
Many of the estimated 30,000 foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq are believed to be based in Mosul and Raqqah, the ISIL strongholds. Europe in particular is bracing for the return of foreign fighters as the territory under ISIL controls shrinks.
According to figures already disclosed by the government, about 60 returnees are now back in Canada. But another 180 Canadians active in terrorism remain overseas, including about 100 in Syria and Iraq, the government has said.
A victory by the regime forces in Syria could trigger an exodus of foreign fighters from the region, according to the RCMP report, which said the scenario “would pose an immediate security challenge.”
“It will be important to enlist the assistance of community engagement specialists as soon as possible once law enforcement becomes aware of a returnee,” it said. “They may have a role to play in conducting the basic assessment of indicators noted above, and certainly would assist the returnee in engaging with supportive community resources, including those who would help steer the individual away from criminal activities associated with terrorism.”
Asked how the RCMP was preparing for the return of foreign fighters in light of the Mosul offensive, Staff Sgt. Julie Gagnon said the police force was “taking active measures through its criminal investigations.”
Scott Bardsley, spokesman for Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, said the government used a number of tools to deal with foreign fighters including revoking passports, the no-fly list and criminal charges.
The report said police may act on information about returnees it receives from foreign partners but it also warned about the pitfalls. “The RCMP should be wary of utilizing information about subject X when it has been provided by a country's law enforcement forces that are known to use torture, unreasonable detention, or lack of due process.”
Previous foreign conflicts in places like Afghanistan and Bosnia have underscored the threat of returning combatants, who have been involved in terrorist fundraising, recruitment, radicalization, buying weapons and planning attacks.
“In the worse-case scenario, one or more of those returnees with terrorist and/or combat experience may target elements of Canadian society. They may use Canada as a base for targeting others, including the United States,” the report said.
As an example of the dangers posed by returnees, an unreleased draft of Public Safety Canada's 2016 annual threat report cited the case of Hiva Alizadeh, a Canadian who attended a training camp in Afghanistan.
After swearing an “oath of loyalty to al-Qaida and the Taliban,” he returned to Ottawa to recruit a terrorist cell. He was arrested in 2010 and pleaded guilty in 2014. However, his name was cut from the final version of the threat report released by Goodale on Aug. 25.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., gives a thumbs up after being re-elected on Nov. 4, 2014. (AP Photo/Rainier Ehrhardt)
The likely Republican presidential contenders had a lot to say at their conference in New Hampshire over the weekend, but the most surprising comments might have been on campaign finance. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), among others, thinks that money in politics is a problem.
"We've got to figure out a way to fix this mess, because basically 50 people are running the whole show," Graham told Reuters.
Graham is one of several prospective GOP candidates to advocate for campaign finance reform, as Matea Gold reports in The Washington Post. Campaign finance is also one of the first issues that Hillary Rodham Clinton has taken a position on. It's interesting, and maybe encouraging, to see agreement between a prominent Republican lawmaker and on one of the main planks of the presumptive Democratic nominee's platform.
Yet Graham's comment makes sense politically. Graham hasn't declared himself a candidate, but if he does, he'll have to find a way to distinguish himself from his competitors. Complaining about the influence of a few dozen major donors is a compelling way to show that he's on the side of ordinary Republican voters. Polling suggests a majority of Republican voters are concerned about money in politics.
And some elements of the rank and file might already worry that their preferred candidates will be unable to compete with the money raised by a figure like Jeb Bush, the former governor of Florida. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) recently felt compelled to reassure voters that his campaign would be able to raise money successfully as well.
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click here. Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on Twitter and Facebook.
What's in Wonkbook: 1) GOP conference in New Hampshire 2) Opinions, including Krugman and El-Erian on Greece 3) If you don't pay child support, should you go to jail? and more
1. Top story: GOP contenders meet in New Hampshire
Declared and potential GOP presidential candidates address voters in Nashua, N.H. "The biggest gathering yet of Republican presidential hopefuls this past weekend sharpened divisions in the broad field of candidates over the path to return the GOP to the White House, making the 2016 primary race a moment for the party to define its national identity. ... The party's debate over the best general-election approach, like many policy debates within the GOP, tends to pit activists seeking a conservative champion against a political establishment and donor class focused on electoral strategy." Beth Reinhard and Reid J. Epstein in The Wall Street Journal.
They aimed to show their sympathy for the economic worries of the middle class. "With the jobless rate at 5.5 percent, the 18 Republican White House hopefuls who gathered this weekend in the key early primary state of New Hampshire faced the challenge of arguing the country needs new economic stewardship... Rubio, who announced his run for the White House earlier this month, went the furthest in trying to reach voters who aren't benefiting from the recovery. He talked of the importance of vocational training programs and suggested that college isn't the right path for all students, especially given the enormous debt load than many end up carrying." James Oliphant and Andy Sullivan for Reuters.
Bush proposed raising the retirement age for Social Security. "'I think we need to raise the retirement age, not for the people that already nearing — receiving Social Security that are already on it [sic], but raise it gradually over a long period of time for people that are just entering the system,' Bush said Friday during a speech in New Hampshire. Bush's comments on Friday follow New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) laying out a detailed proposal for cutting Social Security spending and raising the retirement age from 67 to 69. Bush didn't specify what he would like to raise the retirement age to during his speech on Friday." Daniel Strauss at Talking Points Memo.
YORK: How did the candidates do with voters? "Marco Rubio is clearly enjoying a moment. He is relaxed and funny in front of crowds, flying high after a well-received campaign announcement. In addition, Rubio appears to be winning growing support among some GOP establishment figures and opinion makers... Chris Christie is poised to re-emerge after a number of early death pronouncements. ... Jeb Bush is a solid candidate running a solid campaign, but he is still stuck explaining why he is his own man and why another Bush should be running for president. ... Ted Cruz is still Ted Cruz. A solid part of the Republican base likes him a lot, but it's unclear how he would grow beyond that group." The Washington Examiner.
COHN: Don't forget about Mike Huckabee, former governor of Arkansas. "Mr. Huckabee may not be receiving much attention, but he is as important as any of the other second-tier candidates in the race, like Ted Cruz or Rand Paul. He has demonstrated appeal to a crucial bloc of Republican primary voters: the religious right. If he runs, he will be one of the most significant figures in the primary season, with the ability to deny a crucial segment of voters or even states to another candidate. Whether he will run is perhaps the biggest outstanding question about the Republican primary field." The New York Times.
2. Top opinions
ELIZABETH STOKER BRUENIG: Hillary Rodham Clinton won't talk about class. "Her campaign is ostensibly based on meeting the needs of the people she calls 'everyday Americans,' a sturdy, meaningless replacement for that tired catchall: 'middle class.' ... Elites stand to benefit from the illusory unity and stability of a broad middle, because that false sense of equality helps extinguish class-based agitation in politics. ... Making huge swathes of working people believe they belong with the middle class convinces them that they are already well enough off to be fine without class-based agitation, and also distances them from those with whom they genuinely share class concerns." The New Republic.
YGLESIAS: Clinton's hiring of Gary Gensler suggests she's ready for a fight with the banks. "Gensler is a former banker at Goldman Sachs who became an unlikely hero of the financial reform movement during his stint as chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. ... Gensler made a lot of enemies in the mainstream of the Obama economic team. Part of what reformers liked about him was that he was willing to fight with other stakeholders in the administration and wasn't afraid to dish about those fights to reform-minded journalists. To the White House and the Treasury Department, this was doubly infuriating. To Gensler's fans, the low esteem in which he was held by his colleagues made him that much more heroic." Vox.
IRWIN: Americans aren't interested in class conflict. "Since the 1970s, middle-class incomes have been stagnant in inflation-adjusted terms, while the wealthy have done very well; inequality of wealth and income has risen. Over that same period, though, Americans' views on whether the government should work to redistribute income — to tax the rich, for example, and funnel the proceeds to the poor and working class — have, depending on which survey answers you look at, either been little changed, or shifted toward greater skepticism about redistribution. ... New research offers a bit more evidence on what may be occurring. ... Our views on proper tax levels and redistribution may be shaped by seemingly extraneous factors, like whether we believe the rich are already used to being rich, and whether we are already getting government benefits." The New York Times.
EL-ERIAN: Dogma and poor diplomacy have led Greece to the brink. "A ghastly set of circumstances is coming together to form an inevitable reality – that of Greece being ejected from the euro zone (a forced 'Grexit'), which wouldn't be caused by a conscious decisions, but would be the result of a huge accident ('Graccident'). ... The walk away from Greek financial assets has turned into a jog that could be on the verge of turning into a run. ... While this is by no means the first dramatic moment of brinkmanship in the Greek crisis, the disagreements this time are much deeper and consequential. Dogma, morality and blind spots are playing a much greater role, obscuring economic and financial realities. Also, negotiations have been undermined by months of a public blame game, with accusations and counter-accusations (including some unusually personal ones)." Bloomberg View.
Chart of the day: Investors are getting their money out of Greece faster than ever. Bloomberg View.
KRUGMAN: The largest obstacle to a deal with Greece is a lack of trust. "Greece does not, in fact, face a solid bloc of implacable creditors who would rather see default and exit from the euro than let a leftist government succeed, that there's more good will on the other side of the table than many Greeks suppose. But you can understand why Greeks see things that way. ... Exiting the euro would be extremely costly and disruptive in Greece, and would pose huge political and financial risks for the rest of Europe. It's therefore something to be avoided if there's a halfway decent alternative. And there is, or should be. ... The last thing Europe needs is for fraying tempers to bring on yet another catastrophe, this one completely gratuitous." The New York Times.
3. In case you missed it
Comcast and Time Warner Cable might not be allowed to merge. "Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corp.'s bid to buy Time Warner Cable Inc., according to people familiar with the matter. Attorneys who are investigating Comcast's $45.2 billion proposal to create a nationwide cable giant are leaning against the merger out of concern that consumers would be harmed and could submit their review as soon as next week, said the people. ... Officials at the antitrust division and the Federal Communications Commission, which is also reviewing the deal, aren't negotiating with Comcast about conditions to the merger that would resolve concerns, such as selling parts of its business or changing practices, said two people familiar with the situation." David McLaughlin and Todd Shields for Bloomberg.
Clinton suggested a few of her policy goals in her first week on the trail. "Even without offering policy specifics, the Democratic front-runner sketched out a broad vision and ventured into new territory, particularly when she advocated adopting campaign finance reform to fix a 'dysfunctional political system' and getting rid of regulations that inhibit the growth of small businesses. Clinton defended two pillars of Obama's domestic agenda, the call for comprehensive immigration reform and the health-care law. But on the Affordable Care Act, her embrace was more flexible than dogmatic. Clinton said that she wanted to “keep what works” but that she was open to changes, including the Republican idea of allowing insurance companies to compete across state lines." Philip Rucker in The Washington Post.
Like many Americans, Walter Scott risked time in jail for his failure to pay child support. "On April 4, he was pulled over for a broken taillight, fled on foot and, after a scuffle with a police officer, was fatally shot in the back. ... Walter Scott's death has focused attention not just on police violence, but also on the use of jail to pressure parents to pay child support, a policy employed by many states today. Though the threat of jail is considered an effective incentive for people who are able but unwilling to pay, many critics assert that punitive policies are trapping poor men in a cycle of debt, unemployment and imprisonment. The problem begins with child support orders that, at the outset, can exceed parents' ability to pay." Frances Robles and Shaila Dewan in The New York Times.
UPCOMING EVENT: Washington Post Live presents “Executive Actions — Reimagining Industries in a Changing Economy,” April 24 at George Washington University. Register to attend an intimate conversation with five CEOs, including MGM Resorts' James Murren; Richard Plepler of Home Box Office, Inc.; Desiree Rogers of Johnson Publishing Company; Eric Spiegel of Siemens USA and John Viehmeyer of KPMG, Global and USA.
Once upon a time, there was a king who was called the "Precious Ruler of the Dragon People." The monarch loved his people and his people loved him in return. One day he announced that he was going to descend from the throne and voluntarily give up his position of absolute power. He said the time had come for his people to govern themselves and that this would make the country's people better able to realize their philosophy of "Gross National Happiness."
The people were unsure. They thought everything in their little kingdom had been just fine the way it was. On the other hand, they didn't want to go against the trend of the times or against the wishes of their king. So they went ahead and founded political parties. Despite their continued skepticism with regard to democracy, they obediently went to the polling stations to cast their ballots. Voter turnout was around 80 percent. An overwhelming majority of the electorate voted for the Peace and Prosperity Party. You see, it can be done, the king observed, delighted with the results. He said he was looking forward to his own disempowerment and to taking part in parliamentary debates.
This may sound like a fairy tale or a story based on a figure in ancient history, but it actually happened, and not all that long ago. On March 24, Bhutan -- a small country high in the Himalayas, nestled between India, China, and Tibet -- was transformed by order of its king, Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck, from an absolute monarchy into a democratically legitimated constitutional monarchy. Nine years ago television was legalized in this remote kingdom with its majestic mountain peaks, Buddhist monasteries and population of 680,000. Now democracy has been introduced through what has been a carefully planned, top-down procedure -- like almost everything here in the "Land of the Thunder Dragon," perched atop the world's tallest mountain range.
Chalk one up for Democracy. At Freedom House, a Washington-based organization that compiles and regularly updates surveys on the status of freedom in the world, staff members pinned a green flag indicating "free" to a map of the world. It was high time there was something positive to report.
After the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union the West declared that liberal democracy had triumphed. Given the fall of Slobodan Milosovic in the wake of non-violent student demonstrations in Belgrade in 2000, the Rose Revolution in Georgia in 2003, the Orange Revolution in Ukraine in 2004 and the Cedar Revolution in Lebanon in 2005, the trend seemed to be towards the spread of democracy. Belarus looked like it would be the next domino to fall, followed by Azerbaijan and perhaps Burma. Authoritarian regimes throughout the world seemed to be on their way out, or at least this was what the young "Democracy-makers" were e-mailing back and forth to each other at the time, along with recipes for organizing the next civil disobedience coup and "Revolution Inc."
However, it soon became evident that authoritarian regimes could be removed by means of non-violent demonstrations only if they had already been weakened and some sort of oppositional movement already existed. It did not work against very repressive regimes. Police brutally beat down demonstrators in Minsk, Baku, Rangoon, and Tashkent. The same thing happened in Lhasa, the capital of Tibet, on orders from the Chinese communist leadership in Beijing in response to demonstrations held by Buddhist monks this March.
After nearly two decades of hopeful developments the world suffered painful setbacks in 2006 and 2007 -- at least in the eyes of experts at Freedom House, a watchdog organization that is largely financed by the United States government but also gets some private donations. The organization reported a global decline of political rights and civil liberties. Democracy is on the wane, a model in crisis. In Germany democracy continues to be unchallenged as a form of government, but it doesn't elicit a great deal of enthusiasm anymore either. In terms of the levels of public support and interest it requires being successful it is seen as being under threat here as well.
DER SPIEGEL Graphic: Dwindling Interest in the Democratic Process
Voter turnout in German state elections has been in decline for years. At the local government level there are no longer enough candidates to ensure that every mayoral election is an exercise in democracy. The country's traditional major parties -- the conservative Christian Democrats (CDU/CSU) and the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) -- are experiencing an enormous loss of membership. Among young people there has been a dramatic decline in those who regularly follow political happenings. If things continue this way Germany will end up being a democracy without a. At any rate, a clear majority of the people in the eastern German states are no longer satisfied with the way their form of government works.
Worse yet, business leaders and politicians are expressing enthusiasm about the can-do spirit of the authoritarian camp and are doing so with increasing openness. Seeing stagnation for the most part in their own countries, they look to the economic booms taking place elsewhere and often express uncritical admiration for them. New centers of economic strength such as Moscow, Shanghai, Dubai, and Singapore constantly impress them with new superlatives, the tallest and most beautiful "cathedrals" of globalization. They have a desire to be part of this economic growth and, indeed, they need to if they don't want to lose access to future growth markets.
In today's global competition many companies are all too willing to kowtow to authoritarian regimes for the sake of gaining new orders for business. Paying lip service to values such as human rights is considered bothersome and counterproductive. Success is measured by the fact that a German technology like the Transrapid magnetic levitation train can be built in a city like Shanghai. The circumstances under which that came about are of secondary importance. Heinrich von Pierer, a China fan and former CEO of German engineering and electronics giant Siemens, once said, "We simply can't afford to ignore the Chinese."
DER SPIEGEL Graphic: Democracy Worldwide
And so the obvious is pushed aside. Whatever it is that links the Putinists, the Communist Party capitalists, the authoritarian sheikhs and the repressive clingers-on-to-power, it is anything but the brand of democracy that is still so highly touted and praised by our politicians. Even the Indian Minister of Commerce and Industry, normally so proud to be living in "the world's biggest democracy," recently groaned that he sometimes wished for the kind of fast and uncomplicated decision-making processes the Chinese have.
Are assumptions that have been near and dear to us for decades no longer correct? Things like the famous comment by Winston Churchill that "democracy is the worst form of government except for all those others that have been tried"? Are separation of powers and human rights in actual fact not universally valid concepts for success? Could it be that repressive systems may actually work better? Short deliberation periods instead of long discussions, issuing orders instead of hammering out compromises? Is it racist or simply true when former Secretary of State Colin Powell says: "There are some places that are not ready for the kind of democracy we find so attractive for ourselves. They are not culturally ready for it, they are not historically ready for it and they dont have the needed institutions."
When it comes to the overall state of democracy, bad news has dominated lately. When genuinely free elections are actually held in the Third World, as happened in the Gaza Strip and West Bank and most recently in Nepal, it is the radicals who win. This, in turn, confronts the West with the dilemma of whether to recognize a terrorist organization, if it has been legitimized in a democratic election. Important countries such as China, Egypt, Nigeria and Venezuela are examples of the advance of authoritarianism. And there's a danger it could spread like wildfire. What we have here is not the "end of history" as professor Francis Fukuyama believed in 1992 -- i.e. the resolution of all problems in a blissful and democratic environment -- but rather a "return to the past" with fragmented and aggressive failed states.
Davis calls for Perry appointee's resignation
AUSTIN — Democratic gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis called on the chairman of the state's Finance Commission to resign Monday after comments he made about payday loan borrowers.
The Fort Worth senator said William J. White revealed a conflict of interest when he told the El Paso Times it was incorrect to question the practices of payday lending companies. The newspaper quoted him as saying consumers are responsible for getting themselves into debt trouble, not the companies that make the loans.
In 2009, Gov. Rick Perry appointed White chairman of the Finance Commission, the state agency responsible for protecting consumers from predatory lending. White is also a vice president at Cash America, a major payday lender based in Fort Worth, which the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau sanctioned last month for improper lending.
“William White can't protect Texas consumers while he represents a predatory lending company on the side,” Davis said in a statement.
White's office did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Davis' statement.
Critics, including the Catholic Church, say the loans exploit the poor and uneducated by charging high interest rates and fees while allowing consumers to take out repeated loans.
Many cities, including San Antonio, have passed ordinances restricting the loans or requiring extensive disclosures.
The companies say they provide an important service to poor people who can't obtain other types of loans and that high fees are necessary to make the business profitable.
I love it when I'm walking through a craft store and I see something I don't normally use, but inspiration strikes and I wind up with an awesome idea and somehow, I'm able to recreate the image in my head. I'll be honest, it doesn't happen very often, but it happened with this project and I was so happy about it!!
I'm such a steampunk fan. Any idea where I get to use watch parts, clocks and vintage papers and I'm on happy artist. That was definitely the goal with this little steampunk automaton, so I started with a few blocks of whittling wood I found at Michael's and some patterned paper from Prima Marketing's Archivist line, and got to work.
I don't know if this guy really counts as an automaton, since the gears don't move and he doesn't have a function, really. His arms and legs are posable, though, so I went ahead and gave him the title. I hope no one minds.
Here is a rundown of my process. You can also check out my video below and hit subscribe after you watch it, so you don't miss any of my future videos. I always have some new steampunk project up my sleeve!
First, I painted each of the wooden blocks with brown acrylic paint.
I cut the paper to size and adhered it to each side of each block with gel medium, then sanded the corners.
I glued the two blocks that make up the body together, and began to attach a few watch gears.
I used an awl to make holes in the wood for the neck, legs, arms and ears. I added two sizes of beads to transition the thin wire to the thick, wooden body and head.
Twine suspenders laced from the two large gears on his pants give him a whimsical, innocent look.
Tim Holtz Distress Crackle Paste added on top of all the elements makes this little guy look old and worn, like he's been sitting in a garage or old workshop for years, forgotten and alone. Somehow, though, he still has a smile on his face. 🙂
I added some brown india ink over the crackle paste to age him even more.
As a final touch, I used gel medium that I had thinned a little with water to seal everything, since I had laid on the crackle paste a little thick in areas and I didn't want it to start flaking off.
I love all the found items I was able to use for this piece. Watch gears, electrical parts, jewelry findings, etc. I was such a fun process and so different from anything I've done before. What kind of things do you have in your collection that you could use on a piece like this?
Supply List- (This list contains affiliate links, which means if you make a purchase through one of them, I will receive a commission. Your price will not be affected.)
(CNN) Saudi Arabia has taken the rare step of executing a member of its royal family after he was found guilty of murder, the Saudi Interior Ministry said in a statement.
Prince Turki bin Saud bin Turki bin Saud Al-Kabeer was convicted in the shooting death of a man during a "group quarrel," the statement said Tuesday, according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency
The dead man was identified as a Saudi national.
The execution took place Tuesday. The statement did not include any details about the method of execution. In other cases in Saudi Arabia the death sentence has been carried out by beheading.
The guilty verdict was supported by an appeals court and later sanctioned by the Supreme Court of Saudi Arabia. A royal order was then issued to execute the courts' ruling, the press agency reported.
Report: 'Blood money' refused
The Saudi Gazette, an English-language newspaper based in Jeddah, said the victim's family had refused offers of "blood money" and demanded justice be carried out.
It is extremely uncommon for a member of the Saudi royal family to be put to death in Saudi Arabia. In 1975, Prince Faisal bin Musaid was beheaded for assassinating King Faisal.
"The government ... is keen to keep order, stabilize security and bring about justice through implementing the rules prescribed by Allah ... on whoever violates the sanctity of civilians," the Interior Ministry said.
King as 'enforcer'
The execution was "very rare," said Bruce Riedel, a senior fellow in the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution.
Saudi King Salman ascended to the throne in January 2015.
"This execution has been widely praised in the kingdom for establishing that the rule of law applies to everyone including royals," he told CNN.
"The King has been the enforcer of the royal family since his days as governor of Riyadh province where most royals live. He served in that position for a half century before becoming crown prince."
Many in the kingdom have taken to social media to commend King Salman for allowing the execution to go ahead despite the man being a member of the Saudi royal family. Numerous posts have praised the Saudi King for enforcing the law equally.
One person using the handle @goromalbeshe took to Twitter , posting: "This is what we have known about (King) Salman the decisive may God grant him long age in his service. May God have mercy and the killer and the killed."
هذاماعرفناه من سلمان الحزم الله يسدده ويطول في عمره على طاعته
والله يرحم القاتل والمقتول
وأسألوا الله العافية#سلمان_الحزم_يامر_بقصاص_امير — غرم البيشي #بيشة (@goromalbeshe) October 18, 2016
Khaled Bin Saud al Kabeer, who appears to be a blood relative to the executed prince, tweeted : "In any case, praise to be to God. May God make implementing his law on son Turki Bin Saud bin Turki Bin Saud al Kabeer, a forgiveness for him and may have his place in heaven."
Another user, @aboalrawe_a, wrote : "There is no doubt that Islamic sharia is practiced in Saudi Arabia."
So fervent was discussion about the execution that a hashtag, which translates from Arabic to "Salman the divisive order the punishing of a prince," began trending on social media.
According to the rights group Amnesty International, at least 158 people were executed in Saudi Arabia in 2015, the highest recorded figure in the country since 1995. As of late May, at least 94 people had already been put to death this year, the group said.
Mario Tama / Getty John McCain speaks with Sen. Joe Lieberman during a campaign appearance at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Connecticut.
Joe Lieberman is having a not-so-secret affair on his political spouse of the past four decades. The Connecticut Senator  now an Independent, but until 2006 a staunch Democrat, married to the party  is not just campaigning for presumptive Republican nominee John McCain; he is, to even the most objective eye, in a deep state of rapture.
You'd think hell hath no fury like a party scorned, but Democrats aren't kicking Lieberman out of the party  yet. Lieberman has a decent claim of abandonment: after a 2006 Democratic primary challenge over his unyielding support for the war in Iraq, Lieberman won his fourth Senate term as an Independent who caucuses with Democrats. Without his good will there would be no Democratic majority in the Senate, no control of the legislative calendar, no subpoenas and investigations and no committee chairmanships. (Lieberman himself chairs the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.) Harry Reid owes his title to Joe Lieberman. Dumping him is not an option.
Sitting in his Hart Senate Offices, just next door to Obama's suite, Lieberman claims that being forced to run as an Independent in 2006 revolutionized his political outlook. "Let's face it," he says, "the fact that I was elected an Independent liberated me.'" Liberation first manifested itself on legislative issues, like setting a timeline to withdraw troops from Iraq and allowing the Bush Administration to wiretap without warrants, where he flexed the fact that he was beholden to no party. It became unmistakable as the 2008 race for the White House took shape and Lieberman openly endorsed McCain, his best friend in the Senate. "I'm going to do everything in my ability to do what I feel is right, or sensible and I'm not going to calculate what the political impact is. I must say I feel very," and here Lieberman paused, looked up and spread his hands, "free."
Still, every time the former vice presidential nominee praises John McCain and criticizes Barack Obama, steam rises from his colleagues. "I'm not going to pull my punches or hold back," says Lieberman. "To me I'm doing just what they do, maybe something less than some of them are doing because I think they've attacked John [McCain] in ways that I don't appreciate. I'm just doing what they're doing for their candidate; it happens that I'm supporting a Republican."
As long as Democrats need him to hold on to power, Lieberman realizes that comments like these make him untouchable. "Without him we would not be in the majority," says Dick Durbin, the second highest-ranking Democrat in the Senate. "He votes with us on virtually every issue except for the war and, of course, his support for Senator McCain. There is disappointment, for sure, and many people have expressed concern about his role, but he's going to have to make that decision."
Back in December 2007, when Lieberman endorsed McCain, the Arizona Senator seemed like a long shot for the nomination. "My wife teased me," says Lieberman. "She said, 'There you go getting yourself into trouble again, but I guess the reassuring thing is the McCain campaign is going to be over soon so you won't have to carry on.'" Now Lieberman is raising money and campaigning for the presumptive nominee, and has said he would even speak at the Republican National Convention if asked. (He would not, however, accept a vice presidential nomination or a cabinet position.) "I've made a full-hearted decision here  with my heart and my head," Lieberman says. "I really believe in McCain."
If that belief remained tacit, Democrats wouldn't quite be so peeved. But in March, Lieberman told ABC's This Week that the Democratic Party has "been effectively taken over by a small group on the left of the party that is protectionist, isolationist and hyper-partisan." And earlier this month Lieberman participated in a G.O.P.-sponsored conference call criticizing Obama's speech before the American Israel Political Affairs Committee, a leading Jewish Organization.
Lieberman insists he's simply highlighting differences between the two candidates' records, and he would never make personal attacks. Still, he didn't exactly demur when asked to compare McCain and Obama's records in reaching across the aisle. "If you compare [McCain's] record to Senator Obama's, it's not just that Senator Obama has only been in the Senate for only three and a half years and McCain's been here 21 years," Lieberman huffed. "Senator Obama has done very little of that in his time here, very little bipartisan work."
What Lieberman considers drawing distinctions, his peers consider unseemly. "I think people see a difference between supporting someone who's your colleague and friend and attacking the nominee of the other party," says Senator Bob Casey, a Pennsylvania Democrat. "I hope Senator Lieberman will focus on the former and say what he wants to about Senator McCain and why he's for him as opposed to attacking our nominee." Casey was one of a few Democratic Senators even willing to discuss Lieberman. Of the dozen polled one afternoon last week after the caucus met with top Obama strategist David Axelrod  a meeting Lieberman discreetly skipped  many simply declined comment. California's Diane Feinstein bit out, "It obviously hurts, there's no question about that and that's all I have to say."
It's a fine line Lieberman's walking, and one that could have serious consequences. The Democrats are well positioned to pick up several Senate seats in November, and if he's no longer the 51st vote, Lieberman may find himself facing open calls to throw him out of the caucus. No one likes to play the cuckold for long; sooner or later they ask for a divorce.
IN A PREVIEW OF HER NEW BOOK, FORMER DNC CHAIR DONNA BRAZILE CONFIRMED THE DNC ACTIVELY COLLUDED WITH THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN DURING THE 2016 DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY
After The 2016 Democratic Convention, Former DNC Chair, Donna Brazile, Said She Promised Bernie Sanders She Would Find Out If Hillary Clinton Had Rigged The Nomination Process
In An Excerpt From Her New Book, "Hacks: The Inside Story Of The Break-Ins And Breakdowns That Put Donald Trump In The White House," Former DNC Chair, Donna Brazile, Stated That She Found "Proof" Hillary Clinton's Campaign Had "Fixed The Nomination." "In an excerpt from 'Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns that Put Donald Trump in the White House' that was provided to Politico, Brazile explains how she was tasked with investigating the DNC after hacked emails suggested the Clinton campaign fixed the nomination.'" (Mallory Shelbourne, "Brazile: 'Proof' That Clinton Rigged Nomination Process 'Broke My Heart,'" The Hill , 11/2/17)
After The Democratic Convention, Brazile Said She "Promised Bernie" That She Would Find Out If Hillary Clinton's Team Had "Rigged The Nomination Process," As Suggested By Emails Leaked By Russian Hackers. "I had promised Bernie when I took the helm of the Democratic National Committee after the convention that I would get to the bottom of whether Hillary Clinton's team had rigged the nomination process, as a cache of emails stolen by Russian hackers and posted online had suggested. I'd had my suspicions from the moment I walked in the door of the DNC a month or so earlier, based on the leaked emails. But who knew if some of them might have been forged? I needed to have solid proof, and so did Bernie." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
MSNBC'S Willie Geist: "Donna Brazile This Morning Destroys Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Says She Is Responsible And That The Clinton Campaign Fully Took Over The Process." MSNBC's WILLIE GEIST: "But my gosh, this Donna Brazile story that - Donna Brazile, author of a piece for Politico posted this morning. Essentially a postmortem of what happened in the 2016 race. She was of course named interim DNC after Debbie Wasserman Schultz stepped aside last July. Donna Brazile this morning destroys Debbie Wasserman Shultz, says she's responsible and that the Clinton campaign fully took over the process. She promised Bernie Sanders, Donna Brazile did, she'd get to bottom of whether or not it was rigged against him, the primary process. And her conclusion effectively was in a lot of ways yes it was. She also goes on to say she would get out in the country. She didn't believe the polls. She saw no enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton. It's a little rear end covering but an explosive piece. I talked to her three months before the campaign ended and she was saying the same thing off the record." (MSNBC, " Morning Joe ," 11/2/17)
Click To Watch
According To Brazile, She Discovered That The DNC And The Clinton Campaign Essentially Became One Operating Unit And Both Operated With The Goal Of Making Hillary Clinton The Nominee
Following President Obama's Reelection Campaign, The DNC Was In "Significant Debt" And, According To Brazile, Her Predecessor, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL), Was Not A Very Active Fundraiser. "So I followed the money. My predecessor, Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, had not been the most active chair in fundraising at a time when President Barack Obama's neglect had left the party in significant debt." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
Brazile Stated That The DNC Became Dependent On Hillary Clinton's Campaign For Survival After They "Resolved The Party's Debt" And In Return, Clinton's Campaign Put The DNC On A "Starvation Diet" And Expected To "Wield Control Of Its Operations." " As Hillary's campaign gained momentum, she resolved the party's debt and put it on a starvation diet. It had become dependent on her campaign for survival, for which she expected to wield control of its operations." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
In 2016, Hillary's Clinton's Fundraising PAC's Paid Off 80 Percent Of The DNC's $24 Million Debt And "Placed The Party On An Allowance." "Obama left the party $24 million in debt-$15 million in bank debt and more than $8 million owed to vendors after the 2012 campaign-and had been paying that off very slowly. Obama's campaign was not scheduled to pay it off until 2016. Hillary for America (the campaign) and the Hillary Victory Fund (its joint fundraising vehicle with the DNC) had taken care of 80 percent of the remaining debt in 2016, about $10 million, and had placed the party on an allowance." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
Brazile Said The Day After The Convention, Clinton Campaign Chief Financial Officer, Gary Gensler, Told Her The Clinton Campaign "Had The DNC On Life Support" And Was Giving The DNC Money To "Meet Basic Expenses," And In Exchange, Was Using The DNC As A "Fund-Raising Clearinghouse." "On the phone Gary told me the DNC had needed a $2 million loan, which the campaign had arranged. 'No! That can't be true!' I said. 'The party cannot take out a loan without the unanimous agreement of all of the officers.' 'Gary, how did they do this without me knowing?' I asked. 'I don't know how Debbie relates to the officers,' Gary said. He described the party as fully under the control of Hillary's campaign, which seemed to confirm the suspicions of the Bernie camp. The campaign had the DNC on life support, giving it money every month to meet its basic expenses, while the campaign was using the party as a fund-raising clearinghouse." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
Gensler Said Clinton's Campaign Had Control Over The DNC's Victory Fund Well Before She Received The Democratic Nomination, And That If The DNC Had Objected, The Party Would Have "Collapsed." "Individuals who had maxed out their $2,700 contribution limit to the campaign could write an additional check for $353,400 to the Hillary Victory Fund-that figure represented $10,000 to each of the 32 states' parties who were part of the Victory Fund agreement-$320,000-and $33,400 to the DNC. The money would be deposited in the states first, and transferred to the DNC shortly after that. Money in the battleground states usually stayed in that state, but all the other states funneled that money directly to the DNC, which quickly transferred the money to Brooklyn. 'Wait,' I said. 'That victory fund was supposed to be for whoever was the nominee, and the state party races. You're telling me that Hillary has been controlling it since before she got the nomination?' Gary said the campaign had to do it or the party would collapse." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
Brazile Called The Funding Agreement Between The DNC And The Clinton Campaign "Unethical" And That It "Compromised The Party's Integrity." "The funding arrangement with HFA and the victory fund agreement was not illegal, but it sure looked unethical. If the fight had been fair, one campaign would not have control of the party before the voters had decided which one they wanted to lead. This was not a criminal act, but as I saw it, it compromised the party's integrity." (Donna Brazile, "Inside Hillary Clinton's Secret Takeover of the DNC," Politico , 11/2/17)
Liberal Members Of The Party Are Livid At The DNC
The Young Turks Producer, Emma Vigeland, Said Donna Brazile Has "Given Us Proof That The Democratic Primary Was Rigged In Favor Of Hillary Clinton." (Emma Vigeland, Twitter Feed, 11/2/17)
Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) Said She Agrees That The Democratic Primary In 2016 Was Rigged And Now Democrats Need To "Hold This Party Accountable." CNN's JAKE TAPPER: "I want to ask you one other question, Senator, we learned today from former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Donna Brazil that the Clinton Campaign in her view did rig the presidential nominating process by entering into an agreement to control day-to-day operations at the DNC. The Clinton campaign controlling the party's staffing, strategy, finances, communications, and that agreement was entered into in august of 2015, a year before she defeated Senator Bernie Sanders. This must shock you." SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA): "This is a real problem, but what we've got to do is Democrats now, we've got to hold this party accountable. When Tom was first -- Tom Perez was first elected chair of the DNC, the very first conversation I had with him is to say, you have got to put together a Democratic party in which everybody can have confidence that the party is working for Democrats, rather than democrats are working for the party. And he's being tested now. This is a test for Tom Perez. And either he's going to succeed by bringing Bernie Sanders and Bernie Sanders' representatives into this process and they're going to say it's fair, it works, we all believe it, or he's going to fail. And I very much hope he succeeds. I hope for democrats everywhere, I hope for Bernie and for all of Bernie supporters he's going to succeed." CNN's JAKE TAPPER: "Very quickly, Senator, do you agree with the notion that it was rigged?" SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA): "Yes." (CNN, " The Lead With Jake Tapper," 11/2/17)
Click To Watch
When Asked To Address Brazile's Allegations, Current DNC Chair Tom Perez Dodged The Question And Refused To Apologize
Current DNC Chair, Tom Perez, Dodged When Asked About Former DNC Chair Donna Brazile's Allegations That The 2016 Democratic Primary Was Rigged Stating "We're Moving Forward." CNBC's DOMINIC CHU: "We're definitely reading it now. I can't let you go, Tom, without asking if you've read Donna Brazile's piece about the DNC that's in Politico today any comment at all." DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ: "Hey, we're moving forward we're building. I've been asked that question a number of times since I started. One of my goals here as DNC chair is to make sure that the nominating process for 2020 is a process that's totally fair and transparent for everybody. That's what we're fighting for and that's what we will do we're going to set the primary debate schedule well in advance of when we know who the candidates will be there we have to make sure that everything is fair and open and everybody has a fair shake that's what we're going to do." (CNBC, "Squawk Alley" 11/2/17)
Click To Watch
BUT, NOW BRAZILE IS TELLING A DIFFERENT STORY THAN LESS THAN A YEAR AGO, WHEN SHE SAID THE DNC ACTED FAIRLY DURING THE 2016 ELECTION
In March, Brazile Said The DNC Process During The 2016 Election Was "Scrupulously Fair" And There Was No Sign "Of Anyone Taking Action To Disadvantage The Sanders Campaign"
In March 2017, Donna Brazile Wrote The DNC Process During The 2016 Election Was "Scrupulously Fair And Beyond Reproach. In All The Months The Russians Monitored The D.N.C.'S Email, They Found Just A Handful Of Inappropriate Emails, With No Sign Of Anyone Taking Action To Disadvantage The Sanders Campaign." "In reality, not only was I not playing favorites, the more competitive and heated the primary got, the harder D.N.C. staff worked to be scrupulously fair and beyond reproach. In all the months the Russians monitored the D.N.C.'s email, they found just a handful of inappropriate emails, with no sign of anyone taking action to disadvantage the Sanders campaign." (Donna Brazile, "Donna Brazile: Russian DNC Narrative Played Out Exactly As They Hoped," Time Magazine , 3/17/17)
Elections
DNC
It's Not Just About a Food Truck...
"The Standard" -- Standards are often delineated from the highest bar down, but as pioneers in this endeavor we lack this standard and are required to set our own. This will be achieved through our intensive attention to detail and dedication to providing fresh locally sourced ingredients, creating delicious new experiences for the community. In turn, we hope this will encourage other businesses in this area to join with us in supporting local farmers to help expand sustainable practices.
Fresh, Local, Sustainable -- We plan on growing a large percentage of the vegetables ourselves, while supplementing from local farms, using only quality local meats and produce that are raised responsibly. Striving to be as Green as possible, we will be using 100% compostable materials. Everything, from our cups and utensils to our trash bags, will be biodegradable, and all of our waste will be composted at our farm.
Micro Herbs
Seasonal Menu -- Using food that is in season will not only maintain high quality ingredients, but also allow us to lower costs by getting ingredients when they are more available. This will coincide with our plan to constantly evolve the menu giving us flexibility to continually update the menu and offer fresh, seasonally inspired dishes throughout the year.
Freshly Picked Cherry-Butter Cobbler
Creative Cuisine -- We will be presenting creations inspired from around the globe, so patrons can expect to find everything from Venezuelan Arepas, to Asian styled meats and sides; even Egyptian and Israeli deserts. For those less adventurous, we will serve items such as bison chili and fresh pulled, Latino-style chicken tacos.
Pork Cooked in Banana Leaf
Dietary Considerations -- For customers with specific nutritional needs or preferences, we will offer gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan options to choose from. Akara, a Nigerian bean cake is a vegetarian option that can also be prepared to meet vegan needs. Our handmade corn tortillas, stuffed with a variety of seasonal ingredients, are sure to satisfy those with sensitivity to gluten, and our veggie burgers not only please vegetarians, but are delicious even to meat lovers.
Fresh Sea Bass and Herbs
Importance of Nutrition -- Nutrition is not often considered when discussing problems in first world countries. However recent studies showing an over 40 percent loss in nutrient over the last half of the century, indicate a substantial reduction in the quality of American food. Breeding programs focused on size, shelf-life and cost of production have negatively impacted our nation's food grid. This Results in having to consume nearly TWICE as much to get the same amount of essential vitamins and minerals. By selecting heirloom tomatoes instead of commercial beefsteak varieties, we get increased nutrient and flavor, the only negative aspect being higher cost which can be minimized when purchased seasonally. Using free-range animals instead of commercially manufactured meats improves the animals' quality of life, enhancing not only taste, but nutritional content as well.
Hanger Steak, Fresh Spinach and Potatoes
It's Not Just About a Food Truck...It's About People
Looking Forward -- We have been working on this idea and making plans for well over a year to finally be where we are now, and even if the campaign doesn't meet its target we will still work as hard as possible to have a truck running this summer.
While we are aiming for $10,000 with this Kickstarter campaign, the total cost of an operating mobile food truck, with all the necessary infrastructure, will likely be closer to $50,000. If the fundraising campaign brings more than our initial request, we will quickly work on the next steps of our venture; Catering Services, expanding our current operations (including gardening and animal raising), and beginning our heritage pork breeding program.
More Than a Food Truck -- Hopefully, with our hard work and the participation of the community we live in, we can all make this bigger than just a food truck. Let's call all it a "Sustenance Mobile", where people can get everything from delicious meals, freshly made fruit drinks and teas, to information about where to get CSAs and where to purchase fresh local food for their home.
Rewards
**The limited edition shirts will not have a limited availability during the course of the fundraiser, but we are making a one-time run of these shirts just for our campaign. Only those of you who donate to the kickstarter fundraising will get this specific printing. We plan on having special days in the future when folks can wear their 'Founder' shirt and come get something for free. It might be a dessert or an entire meal**.
Prototype Appalachian Fruckin' Original Founder Shirt
'Founder' Shirt Close Up
Prototype Appalachian Original Hat
Prototype Sticker
A Special Thanks to Our Friends
Supplying the type of business we have envisioned wouldn't be possible without all the people we work with having already set up so much of the infrastructure we require. Being pioneers themselves, they have overcome numerous obstacles to create the high quality dependable service they provide today. We have supported their endeavors over the years because we believe in what they do, and are honored to be in a position to collaborate with them to promote our shared practices.
The produce we are unable to grow ourselves will be sourced from Good Food Good People, located in Floyd. Our pork and chicken will also be raised in Floyd at Rolling Fork Farms. Buffalo and More, located in Riner, will provide us with Buffalo meat. Our seafood will be supplied by the ladies at Indigo Farms who make weekly trips to the coast to provide consumers with fresh seafood.
Good Food Good People
Rolling Fork Farms
Buffalo & More Farm
Indigo Farms Seafood
Thank You All!!
Don't Forget To Donate ^^^^
Story highlights Paul Ryan was criticized after posting a photo with mostly white interns
In response, a large group of Democratic interns got together to showcase their diversity
(CNN) Wait until you see how Democrats on Capitol Hill responded to House Speaker Paul Ryan's selfie with a group of interns.
Ryan posted the photo on Instagram with the caption, "I think this sets a record for the most number of #CapitolHill interns in a single selfie. #SpeakerSelfie"
I think this sets a record for the most number of #CapitolHill interns in a single selfie. #SpeakerSelfie. A photo posted by Speaker Paul Ryan (@speakerryan) on Jul 16, 2016 at 11:12am PDT
He may have been right, but that wasn't what people noticed. Of the thousands of comments on the photo, many of them addressed the fact that the group was mostly comprised of white people, with hashtags like #WhiteWash and #RepublicansSoWhite. Comments said, "This is so embarrassing. Look at the demographics of your country and then turn around!!" and "Finding an African American in this pic is like finding Waldo."
But the most noteworthy response came from U.S. Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson, D-Texas, whose intern Audra Jackson gathered her fellow Democratic interns for their very own selfie. Why was it so noteworthy? Because, when comparing the selfies, the difference in diversity is striking.
My intern Audra Jackson led Democratic Interns in their own selfie 2day showing #DemInternDiversity #DemInternSelfie pic.twitter.com/83UcIOKS5s — US Rep E.B.Johnson (@RepEBJ) July 19, 2016
"The picture of the Democratic interns look a lot different than the #speakerselfie," Rep. Johnson wrote when she tweeted another photo of the group, also including the hashtag "#Diversity."
Read More
Screw Compliance, We're Trying to Survive
In tough times, compliance efforts may seem optional
I have a healthcare-related client for which we develop custom software and database programs. It is a relatively small company, but it has a growing national presence. Nice people.
The CEO is what I consider an accidental entrepreneur. She has a great work ethic, knows her industry, and has innovative services of great value to her clients. But she never prepared to run and grow a business. As with many leaders of small and midsize businesses, knowing how to do something can be very different from knowing how to run a business that does that thing.
As my team worked on software projects, we noticed a number of clear HIPAA compliance issues unrelated to our work. I suggested to the CEO that we could provide a HIPAA assessment and action plan to address issues in a cost-effective manner. She admitted the company had issues it needed to address, but she sighed and said she had to focus all of her resources on revenue generation. She wanted to address these issues, but said they would simply have to wait.
As an entrepreneur and investor in start-up companies, I get it: starting and growing a business can be a bit sloppy at times. I even consider this to be normal. Young companies often have too few staff doing too many different jobs. Too little is documented, and deferring expenses can be critical just to survive.
So what is such a struggling or growing company to do? I believe it starts with leadership. A business culture of proper, measured risk management leads to the foundation successful businesses can build on. Compliance cannot be treated as an add-on to work. It must be a normal fact of life, addressed in each new process and with each new employee. And it must be continually supported and reinforced.
This approach does not have to be expensive. In fact, when thoughtful leaders build their companies with a focus on the future, they ingrain their work processes and work culture with the tools that inherently reduce risk and naturally build compliant systems. In the long run, this is less expensive, too.
Even businesses (or departments) without such a foundation can implement a plan that methodically builds a new foundation. But it takes discipline, focus, and leadership. That leadership ideally comes from the CEO or COO, but it can also come from thoughtful leaders within departments who add business value through culture and execution.
Times are tough for many business organizations. But I contend that by using compliance requirements as a guide, even gradually, many businesses can become stronger and more valuable without breaking the bank (or themselves).
Glenn S. Phillips, the president of Forte' Incorporated, works with business leaders who want to leverage technology and understand risks within. He is the author of the book Nerd-to-English and you can find him on Twitter at @NerdToEnglish.
Glenn works with business leaders who want to leverage technology and understand the often hidden risks awaiting them. The Founder and Sr. Consultant of Forte' Incorporated, Glenn and his team work with business leaders to support growth, increase profits, and address ... View Full Bio
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
The America that I love, with all its warts and blemishes, voted for a black man to be our president 8 years ago and welcomed a black family into the White House. The America that I love, with all its faults and failings, reveres the memory of Dr. Martin Luther King and regrets the legacy of slavery and segregation. That same America is being torn apart today by race baiters and race agitators. We must not let them divide us.
We will always have racists and haters in our midst. We will always have provocateurs who feed on discord and strife. We will always have those who call for separation and division.
But that doesn't mean we need to listen to them. To the contrary, we need to isolate them and marginalize them rather than make them mainstream.
Unfortunately, today, it appears that the secular media is determined to mainstream the margins and to highlight the hate. This will bring nothing but destruction, deepening our divides rather than healing our wounds.
Let the alt-right and the Neo Nazis and the White Supremacists rage. They will hold their rallies and make their speeches, and within certain bounds, they have the Constitutional right to do so. But rather than magnify them, we should ignore them. The less attention they get, the better, since they represent a small fringe of the population at best.
In the same way, rather than making every conflict in America a conflict about race, we should focus on the real justice issues in America – and that means real race-related issues where they exist. Otherwise, when talking heads on TV constantly pull the race card, they blunt the point they want to make, creating more opposition than solidarity.
Take, for example, the claim that the recent remarks of White House Chief of Staff John Kelly were somehow racist. Yes, as bizarre as it seems, Gen. Kelly was accused of making a racist comment when he referred to Democratic Rep. Frederica Wilson as an “empty barrel” for her attack on President Trump's call to a Gold Star widow.
According to Wilson, “That's a racist term. We looked it up in the dictionary, because I had never heard of an empty barrel. And I don't like to be dragged into something like that.”
Racist? Seriously?
Others joined in the fray as well, including MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell, who claimed that the insult was racist because it was intended to “dehumanize Frederica Wilson,” herself a black woman. And MSNBC's Joy Reid went even further, suggesting that Kelly himself was racist, being raised in segregated Irish Boston.
Fox's Tucker Carlson was right to lambaste them, stating, “According to Joy Reid, the problem isn't just General Kelly. It is the Irish, they're the problem. This is grotesque, obviously. The morons making these arguments are sick. It's the centrum of disease to imagine racism behind every disagreement. This also by the way the death of traditional political debate. You can argue with people who disagree with you who are just wrong, but there is no reasoning with bigots, you can only crush them. Your opponents suddenly become your enemies. They must be destroyed. And that by the way is how many on the left now see General Kelly not to mention you and me.”
I happened to turn on CNN, where a panel of talking heads was debating this very question, namely, whether Gen. Kelly's rebuke of Rep. Wilson was racist, thereby fueling the fires of racial division and strife and, quite literally, making something out of nothing. (Go ahead and study the reference to an “empty barrel” to your heart's content. You'll find nothing racist about it.)
One of the panelists, an African American male whose name I didn't see, stated that, if you'll look at those whom President Trump criticizes, you'll see that he criticizes black Americans much more harshly than those who look like him.
This is just plain crazy, not to mention inciteful and dangerous.
Just think back for a moment. How did candidate Trump treat the other Republican candidates? Did he not try to savage Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, none of whom were black? One could even argue that he was the least harsh with Dr. Ben Carson, the one black candidate. And did he hold back in his criticism of Hillary Clinton, a female, but a white female at that?
What about his attack on “Psycho Joe” Scarborough? Correct me if I'm wrong, but he's not black either. And on and on the list goes. To claim that Trump attacks black Americans more harshly than white Americans is to expose one's own racism, not expose his (alleged) racism.
Unfortunately, the race baiters are winning the day, and now everything is seen through the lens of “white privilege,” to the point that universities are reevaluating their curricula lest too much emphasis be given to major white voices in history. (For a case in point, last year Reason.com, reported that, “Some Yale University students are demanding changes to the English Department curriculum: specifically, they don't think it should feature so many English poets who were straight, white, wealthy, and male.”)
The tragedy in all this is twofold. First, racial tensions are being inflamed and, in some cases, manufactured out of thin air, since rhetoric like this only produces negative reactions. Second, the real issues – I mean issues of racial inequality where they still exist in America – get ignored.
So let's refuse to be drawn into the fray. Instead, as fellow-Americans and fellow-human beings, let's work together for the good of all our fellow-citizens, listening, learning, and serving.
Together we stand. Divided we fall.
Share. Famed art critic calls Episode III the greatest artwork in 30 years. Famed art critic calls Episode III the greatest artwork in 30 years.
In her new book called Glittering Images, renowned art critic Camille Paglia analyzes 29 works throughout art history. In the book's final chapter, she makes a rather bold claim in support of George Lucas's Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith, calling it the greatest work of art in recent memory.
In an interview with Vice, Paglia was asked why she felt this particular film stood out among other artworks from artists like Matthew Barney, Rachel Whiteread, Chris Ware or Peter Doig. In reply, Paglia explained, "The long finale of Revenge of the Sith has more inherent artistic value, emotional power, and global impact than anything by the artists you name. It's because the art world has flat-lined and become an echo chamber of received opinion and toxic over-praise. It's like the emperor's new clothes -- people are too intimidated to admit what they secretly think or what they might think with their blinders off."
Indeed, Paglia continues, Episode III epitomizes the modern digital art movement, more so than other piece from the last 30 years. "I had considered using Japanese anime for the digital art chapter of the book, but it lacked the overwhelming operatic power and yes, seriousness of Lucas's Revenge of the Sith." An interesting choice to represent the emotional and visual power of modern cinema, no?
Do you agree with Paglia that ROTS is our generation's greatest work of art? Or does another film strike your fancy for the title? Let us know what you think in the Comments.
Exit Theatre Mode
Max Nicholson is a writer for IGN, and he desperately seeks your approval. Show him some love by following @Max_Nicholson on Twitter, or MaxNicholson on IGN.
[van id=”van/ns-acc/2017/02/14/MW-012TU_CNNA-ST1-1000000003d17a3f”]
HOLMEN — Just call him Romeo!
A teenager in Holmen, Wisconsin wanted to make sure EVERY girl at his high school felt special on Valentine's Day — so he spent nearly $500 to buy them all roses!
“A lot of people don't get flowers,” Zack Peterson said.
On Valentine's Day, Peterson wanted to make sure his classmates didn't feel like they were alone.
“They get mad they don't get flowers, or sad they don't get flowers,” Peterson said.
Peterson, a senior at Holmen High School had an idea.
“I am handing out roses to every girl the school,” Peterson said.
After weeks of planning, hours of prep work and $450 later, he rolled into school on Tuesday, February 14th with a cart filled with hundreds of roses.
“They came in direct from Ecuador with two-day shipping,” Peterson said.
“He's got the biggest heart. He doesn't do things for a reaction. He does them because he's truly, truly kind,” Rachel Peterson, Zack's mother said.
Freshman through senior girls came through one by one.
“We got in here and were like ‘what's going on?' Then we saw the flowers and everybody freaked out. The amount of girl noises was insane,” Maddy Piotrowski, a senior at Holmen said.
Piotrowski said the rose turned her whole Valentine's Day around.
“I just can't believe it. Like, this is the first time I've ever gotten a flower from anyone,” Piotrowski said.
“I know a lot of them left the room crying, which was really nice to know because they actually care he went through all this work,” Abigail Peterson, Zack's sister said.
Abigail Peterson, a sophomore, said she was just as surprised as the rest of the girls.
“I don't have a boyfriend, so I wouldn't be getting anything else, which I know a lot of other girls are, so this was really nice because they probably won't get anything else, so it's really nice to get it at all,” Abigail Peterson said.
The flowers weren't just for the students!
“Plus the lunch ladies, office ladies, guidance counselors, and my mom. She got a bouquet this morning,” Zack Peterson said.
It was a simple reminder on this Valentine's Day that love has no limits.
“It was awesome. It was really awesome,” Zack Peterson said.
“I'm so proud of him, and someday some girl is going to be pretty darn lucky,” Rachel Peterson said.
The lyrics were old, but the song was a new one - Windows Everywhere, Windows Everywhere ♫. The recently concluded Microsoft Build conference portrayed a newer vibrant Microsoft, prepared to take on the future!
Cortana (a Bing powered, voice controlled assistant for Windows Phone and a Siri rival) took the centerstage as Microsoft updated Windows, Windows Phone, MSOffice, Visual Studio, Azure and more. With the news of ‘Universal apps' running on every Microsoft device, a free version of the Windows OS for phones and tablets under 9-inches, a new version of Windows for ‘Internet of Things' devices; it is indeed Windows Everywhere 2.0 - a comeback song, by a humbler Microsoft!
Good things come in pairs. In this edition, Mahesh Sabnis covers the latest Visual Studio 2013 Update 2 RC for Web Devs as well as ASP.NET Identity 2.0. In our Software Gardening column, Craig Berntson takes the Light and Sunshine analogy to explain why and how as a developer, you must take responsibility for your skills and career.
This month we have Ravi Kiran joining our exclusive club of authors, with a wonderful article showing how to build Single Page Applications (SPA) using AngularJS and TypeScript. Welcome Ravi!
Plus we have SharePoint Web Parts using AngularJS and Knockout, Extending jQuery UI, PowerShell for Backups and an awesome comparison of Coded UI Tests with UFT (a.k.a QTP), to pin to your soft board.
And once again, we thank our fabulous contributors Craig Berntson, Gouri Sohoni, Gregor Suttie, Mahesh Sabnis, Pravinkumar Dabade, Ravi Kiran, Suprotim Agarwal without whose time and efforts this edition wouldn't have been possible.
How Do I Subscribe for Free?
To subscribe to this Free Digital magazine and our Newsletter, just enter your email address in the text box given below and hit 'Subscribe'. Confirm your subscription and enjoy the magazine as well as our .NET Tutorials, right in your inbox. We will provide links to our previous issues as well. So if you are a new/existing subscriber, you can enjoy all our magazine editions!
Retweet to spread the word and let fellow .NET Developers benefit from this Free Magazine
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is to stop teaching Darwin's theory of evolution in high schools, deeming it controversial and difficult to understand, a senior education official said, a move likely to alarm secular Turks.
Critics say President Tayyip Erdoğan and the Islamist-rooted AK Party are undermining modern Turkey's secular foundations by pushing a conservative agenda, including tighter regulation of alcohol and other restrictions, since coming to power in 2002.
A chapter entitled “Beginning of Life and Evolution” will be deleted from the standard biology textbooks used in schools and the material will be available only to students who go on to university studies from age 18 or 19, Alparslan Durmus, head of the national education board said in an online address this week.
“We are aware that if our students don't have the background to comprehend the premises and hypotheses, or if they don't have the knowledge and scientific framework, they will not be able to understand some controversial issues, so we have left out some of them,” he said.
Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is rejected by both Christian and Muslim creationists, who believe God created the world as described in the Bible and the Koran, making the universe and all living things in six days.
The Bible presents that as the exact time needed for creation but the Koran says “days” actually means long periods of time.
Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said earlier this year that Darwin theory, first published in the 19th century, was “old and rotten” and did not necessarily have to be taught.
The changes are part of a new curriculum that will go into effect at the start of the 2017-2018 academic year, and was formulated in accordance with “Turkish values”, Durmus said.
A total of 51 courses programs from primary school to high school, including those at the “Imam Hatip” religious schools championed by Erdoğan, have been changed.
A lobby group that promotes secular education, the Egitim-Is (“Education Work”) Union has voiced concern at the changes to the curriculum, saying it reduced emphasis on the achievements of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey who banned Islam from public life.
As Narendra Modi completes three years as prime minister, he must seriously worry about his government's inability to meet the single biggest promise he had made in his election speeches in 2014 – providing jobs to new entrants in India's labour market. I recall in several public rallies that Modi would pointedly tell new voters among the youth to give the BJP a chance to improve their lives as they finished their education and entered the labour market. “I cant do much about those in their fifties but I want to transform the lives of those in their twenties who are seeking new employment,” Modi had said.
If the NDA is judged on this metric alone, it has proved to be an utter failure. Indeed, this is borne out by its own data provided by the labour ministry. Just one comparative data point tells us the story of the sheer decline in organised sector jobs. During the three years from 2009 to 2011, when India's GDP was still growing at an average 8.5%, the organised sector was producing on average 9.5 lakh new jobs every year. Bear in mind, even this was seen relatively as ‘jobless growth'. In the last two years, 2015 and 2016, the average employment generation has plummeted to less than 2 lakh jobs a year. This is less than 25% of the annual employment generated before 2011.
Why such a precipitous fall in employment growth in organised sectors such as textiles, metals, leather, gems and jewellery, IT and BPO, transport, automobiles and handlooms? The larger question must also centre around what is going wrong in these sectors, where India is supposed to have a competitive edge globally.
In 2015, when fresh employment generated in these 8 sectors collapsed to an all-time low of 1.5 lakh jobs, the government was so alarmed by the development that it decided to review the methodology for data gathering. It expanded the scope of the organised industry from just eight manufacturing sectors to include some key services industries such as education, health and restaurants. This was clearly done to bump up the employment growth figures because the manufacturing sector was showing a very poor growth trend – around 1.5% annually – whereas the service sector was doing much better and growing at 7-8%. There seemed anecdotal evidence that employment in sectors such as health and education did not suffer during demonetisation.
So adding service sectors to the organised sector employment data has helped the government show a slight improvement in new jobs growth in 2016. New jobs generated increased from 1.55 lakh in 2015 to 2.31 lakhs in 2016. This is still only 25% of the organised sector jobs generated in 2009. More importantly, the new methodology helps the NDA government perpetuate another myth – that there was no significant job loss during the demonetisation quarter of October to December 2016. The labour ministry data surprisingly show across-the-board growth in jobs during this quarter, except in the construction sector where there is a marginal decline.
Prima facie, it is difficult to believe that industries were hiring when the economy was paralysed by notebandi for about four months. It is possible that the government was hiring in the education and health sectors, which might show a positive uptick. Otherwise the bulk of the organised industry was busy managing the new situation caused by demonetisation, with a fall in the sales of manufactured items nearly across the board.
So far we have only discussed the organised sector employment. The unorganised small manufacturers suffered a huge dent in both output and employment. Vrijesh Upadhyay, secretary general of the RSS affiliated Bharatiya Majdoor Sangh, told The Wire, “Even if you take 5 to 10 employees per unit which had shut down during that quarter in which 2.5 lakh units went out of production, there would have been a huge employment loss.”
Employment numbers in the unorganised sector is difficult to estimate but economists are unanimous there is a correlation between the trend in the organised and unorganised sectors. They can't be moving in opposite directions. The government has often claimed that the unorganised sector jobs have in general grown much faster than the organised sector jobs. There is no real data to prove this. Besides, if organised sector employment growth has slowed by over 70% in four years, it is most unlikely that the unorganised sector jobs, which constitute over 85% of the total labour market, would have shown robust growth. Clearly this has proved to be the Modi government's single biggest failure.
What is even more worrying in the coming two to three years is a disastrous prognosis for the hitherto high employment generating sectors like IT and BPO. These two sectors alone employ about 4 million people today and the industry's own estimate is upto 60% of this workforce will not be of any use with their present skill levels. Says Nasscom president R. Chandrashekhar, “A large part of the workforce will have to undergo retraining. Even after that there is no certainty of their absorption. Automation is impacting existing employment not only in IT and BPO but in a host of other manufacturing sectors like automobiles, engineering etc. We are conducting a joint study with FICCI on this.”
Vishal Sikka, CEO of Infosys, was more blunt when he hinted that more than half the current work force in the IT/ BPO sector may become redundant in a few years.
The situation is quite grim and there is a sense of denial about this in the government which is busy massaging economic data. At least, I haven't heard anyone in the government seriously debating the future of employment in India's organised manufacturing and services sector. Even less is discussed about the unorganised sector. With the kind of victories the BJP is securing in the assembly polls on divisive and emotive issues, the government seems convinced all is well with the economy. This is part of the problem now. Demonetisation is now being pitched as a mega success just because it didn't harm the BJP in the elections. Modi actually believes that the informal sector is doing well supported by initiatives such as the Mudra Bank. Indeed, some economists in the government are already making convoluted arguments to outline the virtues of self-employment!
However, all of this is in the realm of faith and belief, with little data to back up various claims. Election victories in the first-past-the-post system cannot be used as a source of denial about ground realities.
BOULDER, CO — It's easy to feel a little sad for Mark Beckner, the former Boulder, Colorado, police chief and Reddit newbie who did an Ask Me Anything segment this weekend, unaware that his answers were accessible to the entire world.
Beckner was the police chief during the JonBenet Ramsey case. Six-year-old beauty queen JonBenet was found murdered in the basement of her home in 1996. The case, full of lurid twists and turns, gripped the nation and made her parents, John and Patsy Ramsey, into celebrities as well as persons of interest in the case.
Despite suspicions, the Ramseys were exonerated in 2008 after DNA evidence pointed to an unknown male unrelated to the Ramsey family. Boulder District Attorney Mary Lacy even wrote a letter to the family apologizing for any pain caused by a suggestion of involvement in the crime.
To this day it is still unclear who killed the little girl.
On Reddit, Beckner's responses shed a lot of light on some of the more complex and questionable parts of the case. However, he later told the Boulder-based Daily Camera newspaper that he had misgivings about the online chat, calling it a “misunderstanding and naivete on my part.”
Since Beckner's comments have been deleted, it's impossible to link to individual responses, but all of his answers can be found in a cached version of the thread at http://extras.denverpost.com/jonbenetAMA.html.
Though Beckner may regret the AMA, Reddit users were impressed with his candor, and we still learned some really interesting things from his answers:
1. What happened physically to JonBenet
Beckner: “We know from the evidence she was hit in the head very hard with an unknown object, possibly a flashlight or similar type item. The blow knocked her into unconsciousness, which could have led someone to believe she was dead. The strangulation came 45 minutes to two hours after the head strike, based on the swelling on the brain. While the head wound would have eventually killed her, the strangulation actually did kill her. The rest of the scene we believe was staged, including the vaginal trauma, to make it look like a kidnapping/assault gone bad.”
2. His personal theories on who did it
Beckner: “I have avoided saying who I believe is responsible and let the facts speak for themselves. There are several viable theories.”
3. Patsy Ramsey's infamous handwriting test
Context: The day JonBenet was found dead, her mother Patsy claimed she found a 2.5-page handwritten ransom note in their home, demanding $118,000 for JonBenet's return. The police later determined the note was written on paper from a notebook in the Ramseys' house. The Ramseys underwent handwriting analysis to determine whether they could have written the note. John Ramsey's sample seemed to show he didn't write it, but Patsy Ramsey's sample was labeled “inconclusive” and police at the time said they would pursue “unrehearsed” samples to examine. However, in the letter to John Ramsey, District Attorney Mary Lacy mentioned that she did not consider anyone in Ramsey's immediate family to be under any suspicion in the commission of the crime.
Q: “When Patsy wrote out the sample ransom note for handwriting comparison, it is interesting that she wrote “$118,000″ out fully in words (as if trying to be different from the note). Who writes out long numbers in words? Does this seem contrived to you?”
Beckner: “The handwriting experts noted several strange observations.”
4. The uniqueness of the 2.5-page ransom note
Beckner: “The FBI told us they'd never seen a 2.5-page ransom note.”
“No note has ever been written at the scene, and then left at the scene with the dead victim at the scene, other than this case.”
5. Whether the crime scene was mishandled
Context: The investigation was plagued with claims the crime scene at the Ramseys' house was not preserved properly, and that unauthorized individuals were allowed to move about the crime scene while the investigation was in progress.
Beckner: “Yes, the crime scene was not handled properly and this later affected the investigation. [The Ramseys'] position in the community may have had something to do with decisions made that day, but I think the primary reason was a perfect storm-type scenario. It was the Christmas holiday and we were short staffed, we faced a situation as I said earlier that no one in the country had ever seen before or since, and there was confusion at the scene… As a result, some evidence was compromised.”
“Yes, after that initial day, we felt pressure from the DA's office not to push too hard on the Ramseys. This was a constant source of frustration and much could be written about this and the reasons for it.”
6. Whether the motive for the killing/assault was purely sexual
Context: A 1999 grand jury report indicated there was reason to believe JonBenet was “sexually assaulted.” Details from an autopsy and comments from some experts, including one cited in a 1997 Vanity Fair article indicated the girl had abnormal genital injuries or conditions that could suggest sexual contact of some sort prior to the day of her death.
Beckner: “It just didn't seem to fit the totality of the circumstances. Remember, she was hit on the head first, hard enough to render her unconscious. Then there was the staging of a kidnapping. Why do that if the motive is purely sexual?”
7. What he thought about the John Mark Karr confession
Context: John Mark Karr was a father and teacher residing in Thailand who, in 2006, claimed he was sexually involved with JonBenet at the time of her death and that her killing was accidental. However, DNA tests confirmed he was not a match to DNA found in the girl's underwear, and there was no reason to believe he was anywhere near the scene.
Beckner: “My gut reaction was that [District Attorney] Mary Lacy did not know the facts of the case and was making a big mistake. His confession, once they shared it with us, did not match the evidence at the scene. After she asked for our help in proving he did it, we knew in about 18 hours he was not the guy. We were able to confirm he was not even in Colorado at the time by just doing some routine checking and then obtained photos of him in Georgia at the time. The DNA test, which she thought would prove he did it, proved her wrong.”
8. How the case affected his career
Beckner: “For me, it actually helped propel me to the chief's position once Tom Koby left. It also gave me some credibility in the community based on a different approach I took with the media. I was more open and forthcoming with the media and I think that helped.”
9. Why people are so fascinated with this case
Beckner: “The media attention and the intrigue of a good murder mystery attracts lots of people. Add a small beauty queen and it only intensifies the interest. If only 1% of the population is crazy, in our country alone that would mean there are about 3,600,000 crazy people out there wanting to give us their wacky ideas.”
Professor Zweigenhaft added that chief executives typically don't have the personality of civil rights trail blazers. “The kind of person who becomes a C.E.O. isn't going to surprise the board by coming out in The New York Times,” he said.
Although women and blacks are more visible, they face similar pressures in the executive suite. “Corporate boards tend to be older, white, male and conservative, and they want C.E.O.s they feel comfortable with,” Professor Zweigenhaft said. “Women who make it to the top need to show they can be one of the guys. African-Americans can't seem threatening. You're not going to find Jesse Jackson on any Fortune 500 boards.”
Mr. Browne says it was his efforts to conform to the homophobia he confronted — “my overwhelming desire to conceal my sexual orientation,” as he puts it — that led to his undoing. Like anyone leading a secret life, he was vulnerable to blackmail, and his former lover, a 23-year-old escort he'd met via the Internet, sold his story to a tabloid after their relationship ended and Mr. Browne stopped sending him money.
“My greatest regret in life is that I wasn't honest while I was chief executive,” he told me recently over coffee in New York, where he was promoting his book. “I led a great company for many years, and not to let people see who I was, was a big error. People need to see role models. I could have left BP in a very different way.”
Still, he acknowledged that he probably never would have publicly admitted that he was gay had he not been forced to. “I was very well practiced at leading two lives,” he said. “I'd convinced myself the downside was far worse than the upside. And I was reserved by nature. We're not the types to wear our hearts on our sleeves.”
Like many people of his generation (he is 66), to admit being gay seemed unthinkable during his formative years. When he was at Cambridge University, homosexual acts were a crime, homosexuality was deemed a mental illness and gay people were subject to bullying and blackmail. He never told his mother he was gay, even though she lived with him before she died. She was a Romanian Jew who had been betrayed to the Nazis and survived internment at Auschwitz. She conveyed the sense that “I should never reveal a secret — it will be used against you,” he said. He was acutely aware that gays were also victims of the Holocaust. And being gay was taboo in the nearly all-male outposts in Alaska and the North Sea, where he worked for BP.
Like Mr. Browne, “the average age of a C.E.O. is somewhere in the 50s or 60s,” said Todd Sears, the founder of Out on the Street. “When they started their careers, being gay was considered a disease, it was illegal and it was absolutely career-ending. Being in the closet at work has been a way of life for these people for 30 years.” But he thinks this may change. “There are a significant number of younger openly gay people one or two levels down from the top who are likely to be C.E.O.s within a few years,” he said.
Stepping into the lobby of D.C.'s newest hotel, one might not feel overwhelmed by the size of the Marriott Marquis. The lobby is impressive to be sure; the atrium is filled with natural light and one of four Rodney Carroll sculptures, The Birth of the American Flag complements the atrium's contours. However, upon heading to the grand ballroom, the hotel gym or any of the 1175 rooms, the sheer size of the building unfolds and it becomes clear that not all of the gems of this hotel connected to the Washington Convention Center are sitting in plain sight.
Much like any other building in the Height Act-restricted District, Marriott's 4000th hotel is no skyscraper at 98 feet high. However, the Marriott Marquis also plummets 98 feet deep, and it's in those subterranean floors that the 31,000 square foot grand ballroom and smaller 11,000 square foot twin ballrooms are located. It's also on one of these underground floors where visitors can enter directly into the Convention Center although the proliferation of both natural light and plant life keep the hotel from feeling too much like the neighboring metro station. The hotel does have one similarity to the metro station in that there are cell towers down there (currently just for AT&T) that will allow smartphone users to continue to access their data.
This dedication to technology is visible in several aspects of the hotel. They not only do mobile check out but they're one of the few hotels to employ mobile guest service. The suites allow for guests to stream media from their tablets to the television. There's even a way to sync iPod playlists with the treadmills in the two-story fitness center.
The fitness center is just one of the above ground amenities that's not visible from the atrium. Sure, there are several in-house dining and nightlife options available on the ground floor from a diner that pays homage to the Marriott family's nine-seaters to a sports bar and a speakeasy-esque whiskey lounge, but there's also a 24 hour private lounge for platinum members who want to get a quick break and enjoy the view. To be fair, all of the rooms have some sort of good view. If the view from the room isn't a stunner of the surrounding Mt. Vernon Triangle, then those rooms looking inward can see that the tiling on the floor resembles cherry blossom branches. Not bad for a hotel essentially meant to partner with a convention center. Although the Marriott Marquis is open for business now, its dedication will be held on June 10th.
· All Marriott Marquis Coverage [CDC]
In Holland, there is no war on drugs. They believe this is a social problem, not a criminal one. And all the evidence suggests that their policy works
On the busy road which skirts Hoog Catherijne, a vast indoor shopping mall, the Stationsplein centre in downtown Utrecht looks like some kind of clinic. The walls are tiled, the floor is bright linoleum. There's a neat reception area and, four days a week, a nurse. Stationsplein's main business happens in a row of glass-fronted rooms, equipped with benches and sinks. In one of them crack addicts suck vapours from makeshift pipes; in another, heroin smokers chase the dragon. A final space is reserved for injectors. It goes without saying that their state-provided needles are clean.
Last week in Britain, some commentators were endorsing calls from the newly ennobled former New York mayor, Rudolph Giuliani, to jail cannabis smokers , and vilifying Brian Paddick, police commander of Lambeth, for telling an internet forum that the drug laws need reform. To arrive in Holland's fourth largest city is to cross a cultural chasm. First there is the obvious: like most Dutch towns, Utrecht, population 300,000, has its coffee shops, 40 of them, each selling dozens of brands of cannabis to smoke at the tables or take away. In Holland, ideas considered dangerously radical in Britain attract little controversy. 'There is no war on drugs in the Netherlands,' says Machel Vewer, a senior police detective who has spent the past decade working with addicts. 'What's the point of making war on part of your own country? Drugs are here and they're always going to be. This is a social problem, not a criminal one, and the whole of society has to tackle it - not leave it to the police on their own.
'This means accepting that addicts are people too: that they have their backgrounds, their stories, and you have to respect them. They can still lead useful lives, and they're not a lost group. If you look at England, France, Spain, they all have drug problems. But Holland started thinking about how to deal with this much earlier. We're not deluded we can solve the problem entirely, but we can contain it, make it controllable. You are 20 years behind.'
This is no utopia. Around the stairwells and walkways of Hoog Catherijne, Utrecht's addicts, many of them homeless, are highly visible: hunched, gaunt, unshaven. The mall and its customers, brimming with prosperity, present an inevitable target for thefts to fund pur chases from dealers, which still remain illegal. But measured against the near-catastrophe of drugs policy in Britain, the evidence suggests the Dutch are right.
Last summer I spent weeks researching two Observer articles about hard drugs in Britain. As I rapidly discovered, the past decade has seen an explosion in Class A drug use, mainly crack and heroin. Seizures by Customs and police have soared, but the price has fallen steadily, while the market has expanded far beyond its former inner-city strongholds. In Cotswold villages of golden stone and tea shoppes, heroin can be summoned more easily than a takeaway meal. As the drug research charity Drugscope confirmed last week, teenagers are progressing from cannabis to crack and heroin much more quickly.
With increasing drug dependency, drug-related crime has surged. Good intentions and good ideas to deal with this crisis have not been lacking. Since the mid-1990s, Governments have recognised the need to cut demand through education, and invested heavily in drug rehabilitation. Yet, with the sole exception of the present Home Secretary David Blunkett's move to reclassify cannabis as a Category C drug, the basic legal framework has remained untouched. Commander Paddick can ask his officers not to arrest for smoking a spliff, but sanctioning coffee shops is not within his remit. More radical reform remains a political taboo.
In Holland, drug policy begins with pragmatism. Its central objective, says Harold Wychgel, of Drugscope's Dutch equivalent, the Utrecht Trimbos Institute, 'is to reduce the risks posed by the use of drugs to the users themselves, people in their immediate vicinity, and society at large'. The Dutch accept that achieving this may require apparent contradictions and compromises.
Selling cannabis through coffee shops remains theoretically illegal. 'They could close me down tomorrow,' says the manager of Utrecht's largest, a fume-filled den in a fine Renaissance building by the banks of the Rhine canal. Yet his trade is merely regulated, with the police checking that his bags of resin from the Middle East and potent hydroponic 'Nederweed' weigh no more than 5g, and that none of his customers is under 18. The policy is rigorously enforced, says Vewer. One shop was caught supplying to under-age smokers, and its licence was withdrawn.
In the coffee shops, the police are regulating businesses dependent on organised crime. At their back doors, owners buy their supplies from criminal importers and traffickers, who just as in Britain are investigated, prosecuted and sent to prison. Is this a problem? Vewer shrugs genially. Apparently not.
The Rhine canal shop manager smiles. 'I've been doing this for 25 years.' He pauses. 'Buying is just... well, allowed.'
In border areas, and in honeypots such as Amsterdam, coffee shops have boosted Holland's income from tourists. However, the reason they began to appear in 1976 was as a means of separating the markets for soft and hard drugs, and thus for closing the dealers' 'gateway' from cannabis to heroin and cocaine.
The policy may rely on a legal fudge, but the evidence that it works is overwhelming. 'Just look at the figures,' says Wychgel. 'Heroin is just not an issue here in the Netherlands. The number of addicts has been stable, at around 25,000, for20 years. And the addicts are getting older; few youngsters are joining them.'
At an average £20 a gram, Dutch heroin is about half the price it is in England, where the fact that the drug is cheaper than it was in 1990 has helped dealers persuade their customers to transfer from cannabis. Per head of population, Holland has perhaps a quarter of Britain's addicts. Meanwhile, Holland also has significantly fewer cannabis smokers, especially among teenagers. From the age of 10, children are given drugs education. It tries, says Wychgel, to present the facts about drugs in a way which removes any sense of glamour, but leaves the decision up to the individual. 'We say, "It's your responsibility, this is what drugs will do." We don't tell kids simply "no", we say "know".'
Trimbos surveys 10,000 Dutch schoolchildren every four years. The last study, in 1999, showed a small decline in cannabis use - 20 per cent of those aged 15-16 had tried it, and 5 per cent smoked it regularly. Less than one in 1,000 had tried heroin. The same year the European Drug Monitoring Centre found 40 per cent of British children the same age had tried cannabis, and one in 50 had used heroin.
A similar pragmatism, with reducing harm as the governing principle, is visible in the way Utrecht deals with hard drugs. The smoking and shooting rooms at Stationsplein form part of an impressive network of facilities. Some deal with the homeless addict's survival needs. At the Inlope centre, beneath another part of the shopping mall, registered users can get a shower, clean clothes, cheap hot food, a game of pool and a respite from the rigours of the street.
The new Stek building, a smart bungalow next to a canal, combines drug-taking rooms with a cafe and common room. From an addict's point of view, the benefits are obvious. 'Before they built this place,' says Martin, 34, a crack and heroin user for 16 years, 'they hunted us. You had to use on the street and look behind you. Now you can really enjoy your stuff, and you're not so stressed. Life is much less aggressive.'
At the same time, Vewer argues, wider society is also better off. The addicts' centres provide immediate access to rehabilitation programmes and employment training for those who want them, and some work at the centres themselves, cleaning, cooking or washing clothes and bedding. Ruud Laukon, a field coordinator from Utrecht's main drug social work project, the Centrum Mallieban, works seamlessly with Vewer: 'We and the police have the same viewpoint. If you treat addicts as criminals, they'll treat you as criminals do. Sending them to prison doesn't solve anything.'
The addicts used to spend their days in a dark, fetid pedestrian tunnel beneath the Hoog Catherijne mall, which has now been closed. Intimidating and dangerous for passers-by, it also saw frequent violence between addicts. 'It's much easier now to have good relationships with them,' Vewer says. 'It creates a set of rules, and the addicts know they have to abide by them. It makes the scene much easier to control.'
Patrolling the mall with two uniformed policemen, Robert Wisman and Sander van der Kamp, the personal nature of that control is strikingly apparent. Time and again, users greet the officers and stop to talk. As we pass through the maze of shops and restaurants, they point out the known dealers, some of whom they have sent to prison. In Utrecht, as in Britain, addicts steal to fund their habits. As we walk, Wisman explains how the thin blue line tries to hold back crime. 'We have a lot of bicycle theft. The addicts steal bikes and sell them to students. And theft from cars: they break the windows, take the stereo; and naturally some shoplifting, and a few pickpockets.' How about robbery, muggings? Wisman stops and the two officers confer. 'I think there may have been one last year. I'm not sure. It's very rare.' Car-jackings? They laugh. 'Not here.'
Official figures bear them out. The Hoog Catherijne may be the centre of Utrecht's drug scene, but crime is no more common there than anywhere else. In 2000, the International Crime Victims Survey confirmed the impression from the streets: the crimes typically committed by drug addicts - burglary, robbery, shoplifting and theft from cars - are all significantly more prevalent in Britain than in Holland.
Before boarding my train for the airport, I ask Wisman if he likes his job. 'Very much,' he says. 'Sometimes I get a little depressed that there's never going to be a real solution to the drug scene. But then again, I certainly don't think things are getting worse.'
His reply speaks volumes about the difference between the British and Dutch approaches to drugs and crime. In Britain, successive politicians and police chiefs have vowed to defeat drugs, and in presenting their rhetorichave pumped up the enemy in the eyes of the public, exaggerating its strength and demonising addicts, using the media to create waves of what criminologists call 'crime panics'. The result has been an almost complete restriction on political room to manoeuvre.
In Holland, a calmer conception of the relationship between the state and citizen, and awareness of the state's limitations, have created a strategy of containment and limiting harm, and where necessary, an expedient, pragmatic fudge. There's little doubt which has been more effective.
Internet traffic to and from Egypt was almost completely cut off January 27, 2011. CNET
Virtually all Internet service in Egypt was shut down Thursday, in an apparent effort by the government to thwart the organization of anti-government protests.
That effort proved unsuccessful, as tens of thousands of protesters filled the streets Friday in Cairo, Alexandria, Mansoura, Suez, Minya, Assiut, and al-Arish.
A blog posting by the Internet-monitoring firm Renesys reported "the virtually simultaneous withdrawal of all routes to Egyptian networks in the Internet's global routing table" on January 27.
"In an action unprecedented in Internet history, the Egyptian government appears to have ordered service providers to shut down all international connections to the Internet," wrote James Cowie, Chief Technology Officer for Renesys.
"Every Egyptian provider, every business, bank, Internet cafe, website, school, embassy, and government office that relied on the big four Egyptian ISPs for their Internet connectivity is now cut off from the rest of the world."
Link Egypt, Vodafone/Raya, Telecom Egypt, Etisalat Misr, and all their customers and partners were, Renesys said, "off the air."
Cell-phone text and Blackberry Messenger services were all cut or operating sporadically in what appeared to be a move by authorities to disrupt the organization of demonstrations.
On Friday morning the Internet appeared to remain cut off in Cairo but was restored in some smaller cities.
Egyptians outside the country were posting updates on Twitter after getting information in voice calls from people inside the country.
Many urged their friends to keep up the flow of information over the phones.
Real-Time Updates on Twitter: #Egypt
CNET.com's Declan McCullagh and Elinor Mills report that a major service provider for Egypt, Italy-based Seabone, reported that there was no Internet traffic going into or out of the country after around 2:30 p.m. PT (12:30 a.m. local time), according to an Associated Press dispatch.
Al Jazeera English reported that the Mubarak government "denied disrupting communications networks" in advance of widespread protests planned at more than 30 mosques and churches on Friday, which is a day off in Egypt with banks and many businesses closed. (A spokesman for the Egyptian embassy in Washington, D.C. also denied earlier reports that Facebook and Twitter were selectively blocked.)
While the cause of the disruption remains unknown, it seems clear that yanking Egypt's Internet addresses was a conscious decision, not the result of a fiber cut or a natural disaster.
That means Egypt will be conducting a high-profile experiment in what happens when a country with a $500 billion GDP, one that's home to the pyramids and the Suez Canal, decides that Internet access should be restricted to a trickle.
That trickle can be found at the Noor Group, which appears to be the only Internet provider in Egypt that's fully functioning. (Cairo-based bloggers are speculating that its unique status grows out of its client list, which includes western firms, including ExxonMobil, Toyota, Hyatt, Nestle, FedEx, Coca-Cola, and Pfizer, plus the Egyptian stock exchange.)
An analysis posted by network analyst Andree Toonk, who runs a Web site devoted to monitoring networks, shows that yesterday there were 2,903 Egyptian networks publicly accessible via the Internet. Today, there are only 327 networks.
Noor is "the only provider that doesn't seem to be impacted by this," Toonk wrote.
That's led Egyptian Internet users, at least the ones still connected, to go on Twitter to urge others to use Noor's dial-up numbers if their own network was down.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Intriguing UFO footage has emerged amid claims it shows an alien spacecraft being sucked into a portal as it travels to another dimension.
The bizarre 45-second video appears to show a swirling white vortex forming next in the blue sky, becoming smaller as it coils.
A sound similar to that of a large aeroplane or powerful jet flying low overhead is heard as a man's voice says: "Oh yeah. That's just insane.
Eighteen seconds in, as the 'vortex' continues to shrink, a small, glowing ball of light appears in the bottom left of the shot.
Read more:
The spherical UFO rises quickly, travelling straight to the centre of the 'portal'.
(Image: YouTube / Misterio Channel)
Once there, it appears to be swallowed by the white formation, which promptly disappears without a trace, leaving nothing but blue sky.
The video was uploaded to YouTube by Misterio Canal (Mystery Channel) on Tuesday and has been viewed thousands of times.
It's unclear where it was filmed.
The clip appears with the title: "Dimensional portal in the sky absorbs a UFO".
However, people seem unsure of its authenticity.
(Image: YouTube / Misterio Channel)
One apparent believer wrote: "My respects!!" while another added: "Interesting!!!"
Read more:
But another suggested "digital effects" had been used to create the footage, while someone else said it resembled a "Disney movie".
"It's a tornado," wrote another commenter.
AT&T's $85.4 billion planned Time Warner acquisition would be a massive transaction with the potential to remake the media and telecommunications industries, but the deal now faces some big obstacles.
At a Wells Fargo media and telecom conference on Wednesday morning, AT&T chief financial officer John Stephens said that closing the mega-deal for Time Warner “is now uncertain” even as he declined to elaborate on the company's ongoing discussions with the U.S. Department of Justice about securing regulatory approval for the transaction.
Meanwhile, multiple news outlets reported on Wednesday afternoon that anonymous sources with knowledge of the regulatory process have said that the Justice Department has told AT&T that the telecom giant would need to sell off part of Time Warner's vast media portfolio in order to win antitrust approval for the deal. The New York Times reports that regulators may want AT&T to divest either Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting unit, which includes CNN and other cable networks, or satellite television provider DirecTV.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
However, the Financial Times reported that the Justice Department's primary demand is for the sale of CNN, a leading cable news network that has frequently drawn the ire of President Donald Trump, who refers to the network and its journalists as “fake news” on a regular basis. Trump voiced his opposition to the AT&T-Time Warner deal while campaigning for the White House, calling the deal “too much concentration of power” between Time Warner's media assets (which also include HBO and Warner Bros. movie studios) and AT&T's huge wireless and broadband distribution network. But, the president's oft-stated animus toward CNN and its reporting could also be seen as an obstacle to the deal's completion should the Trump administration's Justice Department ultimately opt to challenge the acquisition.
AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson made it clear on Wednesday that the company has no intention of unloading CNN. “Until now, we've never commented on our discussions with the DOJ. But given DOJ's statement this afternoon, it's important to set the record straight. Throughout this process, I have never offered to sell CNN and have no intention of doing so,” Stephenson said in a statement.
Politico reports that sources say the Justice Department has not explicitly demanded that AT&T sell CNN along with the rest of Turner, but that the company is interpreting regulators' request for “structural remedies” as pressure to shed the cable news network. Last week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the Justice Department is preparing a lawsuit to challenge the deal in case an agreement can't be reached between the government and the companies.
Should the Justice Department move to block the deal, it would come as something of a surprise, especially considering that the Justice Department's top antitrust regulator, Makan Delrahim, even said earlier this year that he did not think the deal presented a “major antitrust problem” due to the fact that neither of the two companies directly competes in the same spaces. And, while AT&T last month said it extended by a “short period” its deadline to close the planned deal, the transaction has already won regulatory approval in other countries such as Brazil, Chile, and Mexico without the need to sell any assets.
(Note: Time Warner is the former owner of Fortune‘s parent company, Time Inc., which was spun off in 2014.)
Aug 3, 2017-
The Narayangadh-Muglin road section which was obstructed following landslides in 10 different places will not be opened till Friday morning, security personnel informed on Thursday.
According to Inspector Santosh Panta of District Traffic Police Office, Chitwan, the vehicles stranded due to landslides have been sent to the their respective destinations by removing the debris.
He said that more than 126 vehicles were left stranded due to landslides in various places.
“Most of the vehicles were sent to their destinations by clearing the debris,” Panta said, adding, “The vehicles are out of risk now.”
The road section would not be opened till tomorrow morning due to continuous rainfall and landslides, Panta said.
Half a dozen vehicles including a loader and an excavator have been deployed to remove the debris deposited along the road section.
“We have not allowed the vehicles to ply along the road section,” he said, adding, “The road section will be resumed after completely removing the debris.”
The road section was obstructed since Wednesday following a landslide at Tin Kilo near Kali Khola at around 7:35 pm.
A passenger bus (Na 6 Kha 7121) heading towards Ilam from Kathmandu and a Scorpio jeep (Ba 15 Cha 9381) were buried in the landslide at the same place.
However, the bus has been missing as it fell into the Trisuhuli River, while the jeep remains buried.
The bus driver stopped the vehicle after he saw the landmass falling from the hill above and the driver along with the passengers managed to escape.
The incident site is 3 km from Muglin towards Narayangadh.
Similarly, two trucks were buried in a landslide at Chepangdanda along the road section last night.
According to the District Police Office, Chitwan, truck driver had managed to escape from the incident site.
Engineer Shiva Khanal at the Narayangadh-Muglin Road Project said that landslides have occurred at Duekilo, Tinkilo, Seti Dovan and Ghumaune among other places.
Published: 03-08-2017 16:49
Man charged with child destruction following attack on pregnant London graduate in which pair pushed her to the ground and repeatedly kicked and stamped on her stomach
A woman is in a critical condition after two men pushed her to the ground and stamped on her stomach, causing her to lose her unborn child in what police called an “abhorrent and vile attack”.
The 21-year-old victim, who has been identified as Malorie Bantala, was 32 weeks pregnant when she was attacked in Peckham, south-east London, on Monday evening. She was walking in Talfourd Place, a quiet residential area, when she was approached by two men wearing motorcycle helmets, police said.
They pushed her to the ground and repeatedly kicked and stamped on her stomach before running off. A member of the public called police and the victim was taken to a hospital in south London where she lost the foetus, according to police. She remained in a critical condition in intensive care on Wednesday.
A man was charged with child destruction following an attack on a heavily pregnant woman, Scotland Yard said early on Thursday morning. Kevin Wilson, 20, was remanded in custody to appear at Camberwell Green magistrates court.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Talfourd Place in Peckham, south London. Photograph: Damien Gayle for the Guardian
Scotland Yard said there was a “strong likelihood” the men were trying to kill the baby and the attack was being treated as “akin to murder”.
A 20-year-old man from south London has been arrested on suspicion of child destruction and grievous bodily harm and is being questioned by police.
On Wednesday, London Ambulance Service (LAS) faced criticism because the victim was forced to wait more than an hour for an ambulance that never arrived.
LAS has apologised after admitting police were forced to take the 21-year-old to hospital themselves when, after an hour and 10 minutes of waiting, the ambulance had still not attended the scene.
A spokeswoman said: “We were called at 8.16pm on 15 June to Talfourd Place, SE15. We are very sorry that we were unable to send an ambulance before we were cancelled by the police at 9.25pm and are now looking into the circumstances of what happened.”
She confirmed that the LAS did not attend and that police officers took the woman to a south London hospital.
The victim's mother, Ida Bantala, has told how she was upstairs in her flat in Peckham when someone came screaming to her door, saying: “‘Malorie's mum, Malorie's mum, come quickly!' I rushed down and there she was just lying on the pavement with the police.
“She was just crying and crying. If you see your daughter like that, it's awful. Words can't explain it,” she told reporters. “Then, about an hour later maybe, they took her to hospital and I went with her. She was talking to the police for a long time.”
She said the family had lived in the area since 2001 and had never encountered any trouble. Her daughter had been working since finishing university, she said, and was excited about having the baby.
“I wanted to be a grandma. She was so happy and now she is sick in hospital,” she said. “I had seen a man hanging around with a crash helmet but I had no idea that it would turn out like this or it was anything to do with Malorie. The police have been good – they have to catch whoever did this to my precious daughter.”
DCI Robert Pack, from the Metropolitan police's homicide and major crime command, is leading the investigation.
“This was a truly abhorrent and vile attack on a heavily pregnant woman who has now, tragically, lost her baby,” he said. “The suspects were distinctive in their crash helmets and we would appeal for anyone who saw them either before the attack or running from the scene to please come forward and contact us.”
He later told Sky News: “[A suspect] has been been arrested on GBH [grievous bodily harm] with intent to the young mum-to-be herself, and also child destruction for what happened to her unborn, sadly passed away, foetus.”
Pack said he had never seen a crime like it. “It's an indication of how seriously the Metropolitan police are taking this that it's been passed to my team, the homicide and serious crime command. We are treating this with all the resources and seriousness of a murder investigation.”
In 2000 a man who stamped on his pregnant girlfriend's abdomen was convicted of manslaughter after her baby was born alive then died.
Monday's attack took place on a patch of ground metres away from a children's playground and between two council blocks, one of which is home to the Bantala family.
A police cordon, which had been in place earlier this week at the scene, has now been taken down. A woman who lives in the same block as the Bantalas said the attack had come as a shock. “Although it's a council estate, there is generally never any trouble and it has felt safe living here.”
In a recent Monkey Cage post on belief in conspiracy theories among liberals and conservatives, Alfred Moore, Joseph Parent and Joseph Uscinski criticized liberal pundit Paul Krugman for writing, “Unlike the crazy conspiracy theories of the left — which do exist, but are supported only by a tiny fringe — the crazy conspiracy theories of the right are supported by important people: powerful politicians, television personalities with large audiences.” They responded, “Krugman is mostly wrong that nuttiness is found mainly among conservatives.”
I noticed this and criticized Moore, Parent, and Uscinski for what I saw as oversimplification: Krugman was making a statement about the attitudes of American elites of the left and right–arguing that conspiracy theories are supported by important leaders on the right but only by a tiny fringe on the left–whereas Moore et al. were giving data on mass opinion. The data on mass opinion are valuable–and I'm a big fan of the research of Dan Kahan that give us these data–but they don't address Krugman's point about leaders vs. fringe.
Yesterday, Parent and Uscinski responded to my criticism as follows, writing that “they [Krugman, Jonathan Bernstein, and me] counter that Republican elites are more approving of conspiracy theories than Democratic elites.”
Before going on let me just clarify that I myself am not, and was not, saying anything about elites. What I'm saying is that the survey data cited by Moore, Parent, and Uscinski do not directly address Krugman's points. Krugman may be correct or he may be incorrect in his claims; my point is that a statement about what percent of liberals and conservatives have certain attitudes is not the same as a statement about who are the people with these attitudes. (I also took issue with Moore et al.'s characterization of what is a conspiracy theory, but that's a separate issue.)
Anyway, Parent and Uscinski responded as follows to Bernstein, Krugman, and me:
Our critics are sharp observers and they are probably on to something.We make the case in our book that out-of-power parties are especially inclined to conspiracy theorizing. So we agree that Republican elites are more prone to conspiracy theories right nowbecause they have more to fear. With a Democrat occupying the most powerful office on the planet, Republican elites are an alarm system sounding warnings about potential plots against conservative values. But that is a temporary, situational argument, and one that none of our critics make. Their claim is that there is something conspiratorial about conservative elites that is unique and lasting. Circumstances change, but conservatives' stay the same. Democrats are different.
When they talk about “our critics” here, they can't be talking about me, as I never wrote anything about unique or lasting. So I clicked through to see what Krugman and Bernstein had written, and I didn't see anything about unique and lasting or anything like this. In his recent post Krugman specifically refers to “these days,” and in a post from 2013 he was even more explicit:
Back in the 1980s, after all, health experts at Heritage [the conservative policy advocacy organization] made a good-faith effort to devise a plan for universal health coverage — and what they came up with was the system now known as Obamacare. But that was then. Modern conservatism has become a sort of cult, very much given to conspiracy theorizing when confronted with inconvenient facts.
So, yes, Krugman calls conservatism a “cult” but he's not saying that “something conspiratorial about conservative elites that is unique and lasting.” Not at all. It's the opposite–Krugman is explicitly saying there have been changes in the past few decades. Krugman's also written about the “Clinton derangement syndrome” so I think he'd be sympathetic to Parent and Uscinski's point that out-of-power parties are especially inclined to conspiracy theorizing.
OK, so neither I nor Krugman claimed that there is something conspiratorial about conservative elites that is unique and lasting. What about Jonathan Bernstein? I followed the link and he writes, “We also need to have some practical understanding about what's gone wrong with the Republican Party.” This doesn't sound like a claim about a unique and lasting phenomenon. “What's gone wrong” implies a change or trend.
Identifying the disagreement
The big difference here is that Krugman explicitly says there have been changes since the 1980s, i.e., that many influential Republican leaders became associated with conspiracy theories during the Clinton years and stayed that way, with no corresponding conspiratorial shift among influential Democrats. Bernstein doesn't specify dates but my impression is that he holds the same view.
In contrast, Parent and Uscinski identify conspiracy theorizing as coming from “out-of-power elites” so they might agree that Republican leaders believed in conspiracies during the Clinton and Obama presidencies but that Democratic leaders similarly believed in conspiracies during the Bush years.
Nobody is claiming that there is something conspiratorial about conservative elites that is unique and lasting, not if you define “lasting” as lasting back before 1992.
What do the data say?
I have not looked at any data on the attitudes of Democratic and Republican leaders. But Parent and Uscinski bring some empirical evidence to the table. Let's see what they have to offer:
We tried to remedy this [lack of evidence] in our research and examined over 100,000 letters to the editor of the New York Times and Chicago Tribune as a proxy for public opinion over a century, separating elite from non-elite letters. Our results found little difference between elites and non-elites, or between Republicans and Democrats, or between Republican elites and Democratic elites. The best available data doesn't support Krugman.
It's great to see people doing empirical research and ya gotta start somewhere, but . . . No. Based on the description above, their data are essentially irrelevant to their debate with Bernstein and Krugman. As I noted above, the debate is all about a purported change during the Clinton era and continuing since then. It's fine to have a century's worth of data but what's going on here is not a disagreement about what was happening in 1920 or 1940 or even 1960 but much more recently.
I can't be sure about this as I haven't see the book that Parent and Uscinski link to, but through a web-search I did find a couple of articles by them using this dataset (that's where I got the above pie chart) and I didn't see attempt to look for changes in recent decades.
Beyond this, I don't know that letters to the editor are telling us much about elite attitudes at all.
In short, I respect Parent and Uscinski's research project but I don't think it has anything much to say about Bernstein and Krugman's claims, nor for that matter do I think that Bernstein and Krugman are saying what Parent and Uscinski are saying they're saying.
P.S. All this might seem like a bit of inside baseball, a debate among some pundits about what some other people believe. But it's important. To the extent that leaders of either party believe in false conspiracy theories, this is a problem. For that matter it's a problem when the public has these false beliefs. So I agree with Dan Kahan that the topic is worth studying, I agree with Krugman that it can have policy implications, and I agree with Parent and Uscinski that we should look at any general claims about liberals and conservatives with a critical eye. And I agree with Bernstein that if data are not directly available to evaluate claims such as Krugman's, we shouldn't be so quick to be dismissive.
By Derrick Broze
New documents reveal that the several federal agencies have been operating surveillance flights over the United States since at least 2009.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation recently received new records related to the U.S. Marshals aerial surveillance program. The EFF filed Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the Department of Justice shortly after The Wall Street Journal revealed a cell-phone monitoring program operated by the U.S. Marshals Service. The program involved the Marshals using Cessna planes mounted with cell site simulators, also known as “Stingrays” or “dirtboxes”.
The EFF describes the Stingray as “a brand name of an IMSI (International Mobile Subscriber Identity) Catcher targeted and sold to law enforcement. A Stingray works by masquerading as a cellphone tower– to which your mobile phone sends signals to every 7 to 15 seconds whether you are on a call or not– and tricks your phone into connecting to it.”
The device that is used for the Marshals aerial surveillance program is made by Digital Receiver Technology (DRT), which is where it gets the name “dirt box.” The dirt boxes are supposed to be used for criminal investigations, but the EFF and the American Civil Liberties Union say the devices can collect data from tens of thousands of innocent people on each flight.
The documents obtained by the EFF come from the U.S. Marshals, FBI, CIA, and the DOJ's Criminal Division. Most of the information released is heavily redacted but there are some new details on how these programs are being operated. The EFF writes:
The FBI produced the majority of the records—hundreds of pages of heavily redacted material. The documents are mostly internal emails and presentations going as far back as 2009, including discussions between FBI lawyers and the Operational Technology Division (OTD), which develops and oversees the FBI's surveillance techniques. The documents paint a picture that is similar to the one that has emerged around stingrays and IMSI catchers more generally: the FBI began testing and then using dirtboxes on planes without any overarching policy or legal guidance on their place in investigations.
A series of emails from June 2014 show FBI lawyers preparing a briefing for senators who were demanding more information regarding reports that the FBI was using planes with surveillance equipment. The lawyers had trouble finding details on the surveillance flights, ultimately releasing information on only five missions. These missions were carried using equipment owned by the FBI, not the Marshals.
“Although the FBI's ‘first successful airborne geolocation mission involving cellular technology' apparently occurred sometime in 2009, even as late as April 2014 lawyers from the FBI's Office of General Counsel were discussing the need to develop a ‘coordinated policy' and ‘determine any legal concerns,'” the EFF writes.
The DOJ only released a single policy document from the Marshals' Technical Operations Group (TOG) that discusses the TOG's organization and procedures. As the EFF notes, there has been extensive reporting in the public domain on the Marshals' use of dirtboxes. The lack of a larger paper trail detailing the program seems to indicate a massive lack of oversight or a failure by the DOJ to produce all the necessary documentation.
The new documents help paint a clearer picture of how the federal government is using surveillance devices such as Stingrays and dirtboxes. Since 2014, the public has slowly been learning of the true depth of the aerial surveillance state.
In September 2015, a report from The North Star Post exposed the existence of a fleet of surveillance aircraft operated by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). The planes fly over various locations within the United States, as well as across foreign destinations. The Post reported that photos of DEA planes appear to show cell site simulator technology, or advanced imaging technology, attached to the body of the aircraft. This would confirm suspicions that these aircraft are outfitted with dirtboxes.
In June 2015, Anti Media also reported on the existence of at least 100 surveillance planes operated by the FBI — planes managed by fake front companies rarely granted judicial approval for such actions. Some of these companies include FVX Research, KQM Aviation, NBR Aviation, and PXW Services. Documents from the FBI previously revealed that the bureau flew surveillance planes with thermal imaging equipment over Baltimore and Ferguson during highly-publicized protests.
The North Star Post also recently revealed that the National Guard is operating a fleet of highly capable C-26 surveillance aircraft, operated by front company “Air Cerberus Inc.” The company quite clearly traces back to the National Guard Bureau headquarters.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! The capabilities of the dirtboxes and Stingrays are largely unknown to the public. In December 2015, a whistleblower leaked a manual detailing how many of these devices operate. One device, known as Windjammer, has an eight-mile range, but it is highly likely that other devices, with a larger range, are in existence. How to Disappear Off the Grid Completely (Ad) What is the American public to do about the increasing Aerial Surveillance State? How can we find freedom in a world without privacy? The first step towards freedom is to educate yourself about the dangers posed by government and corporate entities. From there we can begin to find other like-minds and organize communities that focus on solutions to the Surveillance State and many other threats to our freedom. Image Credit Derrick Broze is an investigative journalist and liberty activist. He is the Lead Investigative Reporter for ActivistPost.com and the founder of the TheConsciousResistance.com. Follow him on Twitter. Derrick is available for interviews. This article may be freely reposted in part or in full with author attribution and source link.
I would like to share a very special courageous, sweet man to you all. Frank. Frank is an Arborist, tree climber, cat adorer and cat hero. I sat down and talked to him about this amazing cat rescue he did back in 2011 in Aarau, Switzerland.
How did you find out about the cat stuck in the tree?
I received a call from an animal rescue organization and they asked me if I was available to help rescue a cat. They told me that the owner was just released from the hospital and when she returned she found out that her cat escaped and was stuck in the tree. The owner had just survived a heart attack, was sent home and discovered her cat was stuck in a tree. Understandably, she was very worried and I wanted to help. Sushi, the cat needed help
How long was she in the tree?
When I arrived she had been up there about 5 days.
How high was she?
Between 20-25 meters (65 feet).
Where you confident you could rescue her?
I knew it was possible, I knew I could reach her. But it was up to the cat if he would allow me to catch her. I had rescued cats in the past that tried to attack me or bite me. I just hoped that when I arrived she would stay calm and allow me to grab her.
How was it climbing 20 meters to reach her?
It's my job to climb trees. The 20 meters wasn't the problem. As I got closer to her she continues to go out further and further on thin branches. While my safety is always important, she pushed me to the limit of how far I could go. Luckily I could grab her just in time.
How many cats have you rescued?
About 7 or 8.
Was there a moment you thought you couldn't rescue her?
Near the end when the cat moved further and further away from me and was hanging upside down. I thought she would fall. I was worried about the cat but also about the crowds of people under me, it would have been traumatic not only for the cat but for everyone below to see the cat fall.
And then you grabbed her!
At this moment I felt huge relief and the people below started cheering. I put her in the carrier and lowered her down to the ground with my rope. She was quickly reunited with her family.
Watch Frank climb the 20 meters to rescue Sushi. The branches were so thin they could barely hold the weight of the cat let alone Frank.
So please give Frank the love he deserves and share this video.
Frank Hirtreiter's Youtube channel
"The black sheep having plotted,To eliminate her life,Was no match for her powerAs she spread her wings to fly."Mecuria was the eldest of 13 siblings, each born with marks of an insect on their cheeks. Mecuria, oblivious to the idea she'd inherit the wand, placed her interests in science; she spent her childhood researching everything from biology to chemistry and began to even disdain the idea of magic altogether. On her 14th birthday, when she was getting the most involved with her practice, Glossaryck surprised her, her siblings, and her mother when he announced that it was not only time for the Queen of Origins to choose an heir, but to pass along the wand to a new student. With 13 children to chose from, Infinitia decided by word of the queen, the title of Heir to the Throne would be passed onto the eldest child, in her case Mecuria; this was the time when Infinitia herself brought change to the kingdom, it was time for her daughter to follow in her steps. Mecuria resented the idea, she found magic to be too easy and without rules, thus Glossaryck introduced her to a science that would be a good compromise between the two, alchemy. Mecuria took to alchemy almost immediately, and after she found a passion for it practiced with Glossaryck almost every day. She not only created the original transmogrification spells in the spellbook but was the one responsible for enchanting the wand to change to mirror the personality of its bearer. However, while Mecuria excelled with her new role, not all of her siblings were happy for her. Her twin sister, Antimattea, only a few minutes younger resented her; if she'd been born first, she would've been the one with everything. And thus, Antimattea sought to take the power for herself, and tricked her sister to a barren chasm, to do her in. What she didn't know was that Mecuria had been experimenting more than ever, using insects and shape-shifting spells, and since dawn, that day had been going through the most bizarre symptoms and behaviors. In wasn't until later that evening, after she threw Mecuria down the chasm that she realized she'd made a horrible mistake; Mecuria fell down and had grappled onto a ledge, where she went through the final stage of her transformation and took on a powerful new form. Mecuria flew back home and revealed Antimattea for the traitor she was. She tried one last attempt to eliminate her sister, using the wand, but Mecuria was simply too powerful, and Antimattea too inexperienced. Infinitia was heartbroken but realized in advancing her eldest neglected her other children. So, she bestowed upon each of them a kingdom of their own, and a new name taken from the insect on each of their cheeks. All were finally happy, all but Antimattea, who Infinitia would never forgive for what she tried to do to her own sister. So, she was banished to the outlands, never to be seen or heard from again, or so they thought. Mecuria would never shed her Butterfly form but passed it's aspects and powers to her descendants, including her own daughter, Quazarra the Conjuror.Thank you, NotMasonPines, for the story idea
A report in the Straits Times says that PAS may be voted out in the next general elections due to poor economic conditions in the state. — Picture by Kamles Kumar
KUALA LUMPUR, Sept 29 ― After almost three decades of governing Kelantan, PAS may be voted out in the next general elections due to poor economic conditions in the state, a report said.
Singapore daily, the Straits Times (ST) noted that though the state capital Kota Baru enjoys good business, much of rural Kelantan, where agriculture is the mainstay, remains neglected. It quoted residents who said much of the rural local economy is propped up by remittances from Kelantanese working in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.
“It used to be different here and we looked down on the other (states),” chicken supplier Mohd Sakri Husain, who lives in Renok Baru located 180km from Kota Baru, told ST.
“Now our economy is weak and young people have to leave Kelantan to look for work.”
ST reported estimates from polling houses that said at least 15 per cent of Kelantan voters are workers based outside the state.
Aside from abandoned wooden houses on stilts along Kelantan's main trunk road and vacant new shop lots, ST reported that some infrastructure have yet to be rebuilt after the state's worst floods in history in 2014 and many residents who lost their homes have yet to receive any assistance from the state government.
“I do not care very much about politics because I have to put food on the table. But I know which party I would not vote for,” restaurant helper Rozilawati Ibrahim told ST.
Tumpat MP Datuk Kamarudin Jaafar reportedly expressed concerns about three-cornered fights in Kelantan and also the rest of the country.
“Unless the Opposition can come to some agreement on seat-sharing and avoid three-cornered fights, PAS will likely lose Kelantan and the Opposition could face trouble in the rest of the country,” the PKR leader was quoted saying.
The newspaper noted that even though PAS currently dominates the state legislative assembly by controlling 31 of the 45 seats, more than half of the 45 seats were won by narrow majorities in the 13th general elections that had seen straight fights between Umno and the federal Opposition.
Federal Opposition pact Pakatan Harapan (PH) comprises PKR, DAP and PAS offshoot Parti Amanah Negara (Amanah), but it is still unclear if PH will work out some electoral deals with PAS in the 14th general elections due by August 2018.
ST also reported that based on voter sentiment, the upcoming elections in Kelantan would likely be a battle between PAS and Umno. Analysts reportedly said Amanah could instead end up splitting the Opposition vote.
Imagine you're relaxing at home one day when there's a sudden knock at the door. Before you know it you're sitting in a police interrogation room with people trying to get a confession out of you for a crime you know nothing about. Soon after, you are sentenced to prison for three years for a crime you never committed, only to be released and regarded by society as a convicted sex offender for the rest of your days.
That nightmare scenario played out for Hiroshi Yanagihara, a man who, well after serving his full prison sentence, was found innocent of all charges. Following that, an understandably upset Yanagihara went after the people who initially arrested and convicted him, demanding compensation and criminal charges.
As a result, on 9 March Toyama District Court awarded Hiroshi Yanagihara 19.7 million yen (US$161,000) – apparently the value of five years of his life.
■ Forced confession
The crime which Yanagihara was convicted of occurred in early 2002 in Himi City, Toyama Prefecture. After both being raped in their home, two women called the police and provided a description of their attacker; one which the authorities felt the then-32-year-old Yanagihara seemed to fit.
According to the recent decision of Toyama District Court's Judge Asako Ata, the police conducting the interrogation at the time had asked Yanagihara the exact same question over and over until he gave the reply they wanted. They also only permitted him to answer their questions with a simple “yes” or “no”. Yanagihara also accused the officers of using violence and intimidation tactics to force a confession out of him.
With the false confession made, Yanagihara was easily convicted and sentenced to three years in prison for both counts of rape, serving his sentence between 2002 and 2005.
■ The true rapist comes forward
Yanagihara did his time in prison and then went on to try to piece his life back together as a convicted rapist. About a year after Yanagihara's release, however, another man – who had been arrested by police a few hundred kilometers away in Tottori Prefecture for his involvement in another, unrelated, sex crime – confessed to having raped the two women in Toyama years earlier.
With this new confession revealed, Toyama courts retried Yanagihara in 2007 and officially declared him innocent of all charges. Not satisfied with his shiny new declaration, however, Yanagihara filed suit against all parties involved in his arrest and conviction, from the police officers who had led the interrogation to the national government.
Yanagihara was also deeply troubled by the fact that his retrial hadn't brought up why he was charged with the crime in the first place. A brand-new trial with him as the plaintiff would force these details into the open.
■ Evidence ignored
It came to light during this new trial that Yanagihara's time-stamped landline phone record clearly showed that he was in his home at the time of the rapes. The police claimed, however, that the same phone record was confiscated to check if Yanagihara had tried to contact the victims by phone, rather than checking for phone activity during the time of the crime. In addition, footprints found at the scene of the crime were noted to have been much larger than any Yanagihara could have left. While these two highly compelling pieces of evidence to support Yanagihara's claim of innocence were ignored, the defense argued that it was not done intentionally – they simply hadn't been brought to light in the original trial.
In the end, Judge Ata ruled that the interrogation methods used on Yanagihara were illegal and there was reason to believe that evidence had been handled negligently. Because of this, Yanagihara was awarded 19.7 million yen (approximately $161,000) in compensation by Toyama Prefecture. The claims against the police, prosecution, and nation were dismissed.
■ Poor consolation
Although Yanagihara's name has now been cleared and he has received some financial return for his damages, it's hard to walk away from this story feeling that justice has been served. If it wasn't for the sheer stroke of luck of having the true rapist come forward, Yanagihara would likely have been branded a criminal of the worst kind for the rest of his life. It can only make one wonder how many others in Hiroshi Yanagihara's situation weren't, or will not be, quite so lucky.
Source: Asahi Shimbun, 47 News, Twitter via Itai News (Japanese)
Top Image: Google Maps
For Immediate Release: 6/1/2016
View PDF
California State Parks Eliminates Wood Fires in a Number of San Diego Area Beaches
Contact:
Robin Greene
Robin.Greene@parks.ca.gov
(619) 688-3356
SAN DIEGO, Calif. – Effective immediately, all wood burning fires are prohibited in four San Diego region state beaches where established fire rings are not provided. The new policy is intended to prevent injuries to visitors and reduce beach debris.
Illegal ground fires are a safety hazard for our visitors. In San Diego County, state beaches are left with unsightly and unsafe soot, coals, nails and lumber from pallets and construction. These items lie buried in the sand surrounding the very popular beach fire areas like South Carlsbad State Beach at South Ponto. Coals are used by vandals to deface the city of Carlsbad maintained seawall and worse yet, hot coals buried in the sand remain hot for days and cause harmful and often serious burn injuries to beach visitors.
“Our intent is not to eliminate the traditional activity of gathering on the beach around a warming campfire with friends and family,” said California State Parks' San Diego Coast District Superintendent Robin Greene. “California State Parks invites the public to continue this tradition, but by using low cost, portable propane fire grills available for purchase from various retailers. The use of these types of grills will not only improve safety, but they will also improve the cleanliness of our state beaches.”
Beach visitors are being asked to plan ahead and obtain a clean burning, portable propane fire grill or butane burner with stable legs that can be raised at least six inches off the ground or sand. The use of nail-filled pallets, wood logs, kerosene, oil, charcoal briquettes, fire logs, newspapers or trees is prohibited. Charcoal grills are also phased out by this action at most beaches.
The order will not affect wood fires and charcoal barbecue fires in provided campsite fire rings at South Carlsbad and San Elijo State Beach campgrounds. The fire rings in each campsite provide for safe fire containment and disposal of coals and ash. State Parks is unable to place maintained fire rings on all beaches maintained by State Parks due to Accessibility and Coastal Commission requirements and lack of available sand space on its North County beaches.
Below is a list of the new fire rules by beach or campground (items are listed in alphabetical order by name of beach):
Name of State Beach or Campground RULES Cardiff State Beach Propane fires only on the beach.
No wood or charcoal.
BBQ limited to propane only. Carlsbad State Beach Propane fires only.
No wood or charcoal.
BBQ limited to propane only. Leucadia State Beach Operated by city of Encinitas No fire rings or BBQ provided.
No fires or BBQs allowed. Moonlight Operated by city of Encinitas Fires in city provided fire rings only.
BBQ limited to city-provided BBQ. Oceanside Harbor City of Oceanside Beach fires allowed in provided fire rings only. San Elijo State Beach Propane fires only on the beach.
No wood or charcoal.
BBQ limited to propane only. San Elijo State Beach Campground Fire rings are provided and the following restrictions apply: Treated wood and wood pallets are prohibited. Silver Strand State Beach Beach fires allowed in provided fire rings only. Silver Strand State Beach Campground Portable fire pits/ stoves are permitted within assigned campsites on the asphalt if the stove is self-standing and has a minimum clearance of 6" between the ground and bottom of the stove. Coals and ashes must be disposed of properly in a"Hot Coals"container or removed fromt he parks. South Carlsbad State Beach Propane fires only.
No wood or charcoal.
BBQ limited to propane only. South Carlsbad State Beach Campground Fire rings are provided and the following restrictions apply: Treated wood and wood pallets are prohibited. Torrey Pines State Beach Propane or charcoal fires in portable cooking units only on the beach.
Coals and ashes must be disposed of properly in a"Hot Coals"container or removed from the park.
No wood fires. Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve No fires or BBQ allowed.
###
Subscribe to California State Parks News via e-mail at info@parks.ca.gov or via RSS feed.
California State Parks
Provides for the health, inspiration and education of the people of California by helping to preserve the state's extraordinary biological diversity, protecting its most valued natural and cultural resources, and creating opportunities for high quality outdoor recreation. Learn more at www.parks.ca.gov.
California's Drought
Every Californian should take steps to conserve water at home, at work and even when recreating outdoors. Find out how at SaveOurWater.com and Drought.CA.Gov.
Subscribe to California State Parks News via e-mail at NewsRoom@parks.ca.gov
California State Parks provides for the health, inspiration and education of the people of California by helping to preserve the state's extraordinary biological diversity, protecting its most valued natural and cultural resources, and creating opportunities for high quality outdoor recreation.
By Chris Robinson
Delegates to the National Convention of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO) passed two significant resolutions, which will allow local unions to encourage their members to vote for independent political candidates, including those from the Green Party. The meeting of more than 1,000 union members took place during the last week of October in St. Louis, MO.
In the past, labor unions have, with few exceptions, endorsed electoral candidates from the two corporate parties. These politicians kowtow to the interests of corporations and the wealthy. Because of the expense of electoral campaigns, candidates usually rely on funding from corporate PACs and upper-income donors. This has resulted in electoral contests in which candidates vie for approval of the wealthy without speaking to the needs of working people or the planet.
Perhaps as a result of corrupt primary elections in 2016, the AFL-CIO now appears to be standing up on its hind legs. Significantly, AFL-CIO Resolution #2, was entitled, “An Independent Political Voice.” While never explicitly mentioning the Democratic Party, this resolution very clearly states, “The time has passed when we can passively settle for the lesser of two evils.”
Convention delegates also passed AFL-CIO Resolution #48, entitled, “Exploring New Directions for Labor in Electoral Politics.” In the words of the resolution, it was based on the observation that “whether the candidates elected are from the Republican or Democratic Party, the interests of Wall Street have been protected and advanced, while the interests of labor and working people have generally been set back.”
This resolution assures continued support for politicians who have proven to be “friends and allies of labor.” Unions will continue to work for politicians who have voted for issues important to working people. These issues are enumerated as “good jobs, health care, safe working conditions, secure and dignified retirements, protecting and enhancing collective bargaining and the rights of workers to organize, protecting the right to vote, access to affordable education and housing, good public education and public services, an end to trade deals that cost millions of jobs, and investments in infrastructure and the environment leading to the creation of millions of jobs.”
The delegates, therefore, resolved that the AFL-CIO “studies the viability of independent and third-party politics; and explores other reasonable means of advancing the interests of labor in electoral politics.” The future will determine whether the national AFL-CIO and its local unions will take the next step and act vigorously to fulfill the wishes of its membership. The door is now open for third parties like the Green Party to seek endorsements and support from organized labor.
The author is a member of United Food and Commercial Workers Local #1776 and Membership Secretary of the Green Party of Philadelphia, PA.
Buy our music
Regardless, the truth remains that a pirated, low-quality copy of the single titled New Sensation had been uploaded on several videos streaming sites a few weeks before its official release, which caused quite an uproar among the artist communities and copyright authorities alike, and even prompted the opening of an official investigation, carried out by Säpo (Swedish Security Service), in conjunction with INTERPOL, FBI and ARIS (Artists Rights International Society).
In any case, to prove that Terminal are still going strong and that they are exultant to announce the release of their second album, it is only fitting that celebrations be in order. As such, there will be a release party tour that will stretch for the space of 1 whole month, starting off in Stockholm on Midsummer Day, which in Sweden will take place on June the 22th this year. During the release party tour, band members and fans alike will have the opportunity to get together, celebrate the birth of the new record family member, drink to everybody's health and, perhaps, even sing in congenial unison to the twisted, rainbow-like 3D beat of Terminal's synthwave-op.
The UFC plans to stage 41 events in 2015, and during that time, hundreds of fighters will enter and exit the octagon.
While pre-fight hype is an enjoyable aspect of the sport, it's ultimately the in-cage performances that speak most to fans. For the majority of fighters, the opportunity to present their skills to the world only comes along a few times per year.
A total of 26 fighters got the chance at part of Saturday's UFC 192 pay-per-view event at Houston's Toyota Center. Now that UFC 192 is in the books, it's time to commence MMAjunkie's “Three Stars” ceremony.
* * * *
Third Star: Ryan Bader
Although it wasn't the definitive stoppage victory he wanted, Ryan Bader (20-4 MMA, 13-4 UFC) soundly defeated former UFC champion Rashad Evans (19-4-1 MMA, 13-4-1 UFC) for one of the most significant victories of his career.
Although Evans entered the contest after a nearly two-year layoff, a victory over “Suga” is still a meaningful accomplishment, and Bader made it happen in convincing fashion.
“The Ultimate Fighter 8” winner landed more shots on the feet and mixed in timely takedowns to keep Evans off balance for all three rounds. Bader prevented the ex-titleholder from building any offensive momentum largely in part to his improved footwork and varied striking attack.
Bader's victory pushed his winning streak to five at 205 pounds, and even if he's not granted the next title shot, “Darth” is still a top contender in the weight class and continues to improve with every fight.
Second Star: Albert Tumenov
UFC welterweight Albert Tumenov (16-2 MMA, 4-1 UFC) once told MMAjunkie he's the best striker on the UFC roster. Every time he scores a knockout, Tumenov takes another step toward proving it.
In one of the most anticipated preliminary-card matchups at UFC 192, Tumenov made quick and violent work of Alan Jouban (12-4 MMA, 3-2 UFC) en route to highlight-reel knockout victory less than three minutes into the opening round.
“Einstein” possesses the perfect mix of technique, power and patience. He forced Jouban into striking exchanges and picked his shots until a head kick and series of perfectly placed punches led to Jouban falling to the canvas.
Tumenov's victory marked his fourth consecutive triumphant performance inside the octagon. He's finished his opponent by knockout in three of those victories, and at 23, he's quickly becoming a name to fear at 170 pounds.
That was crazy! Tumenov finishes Jouban with a spectacular knockout combo that turns out the lights! #UFC192 http://t.co/za01qLycO2 — FOX Sports: UFC (@UFCONFOX) October 4, 2015
First Star: Daniel Cormier
Daniel Cormier (17-1 MMA, 6-1 UFC) is clearly a battle-tested champion following his first successful defense of the UFC light-heavyweight belt, which came against Alexander Gustafsson (16-4 MMA, 8-4 UFC).
Cormier and Gustafsson turned in a “Fight of the Year” contender after five rounds of back-and-forth action that left both men battered and bloody. Cormier emerged victorious with the split decision.
Although Cormier is typically accustomed to dominating the opposition, Gustafsson refused to be a pushover. “The Mauler” had “DC” on the verge of defeat and became the first to score a takedown and a knockdown on Cormier in MMA competition.
The champion showed his resolve through every bit of adversity, though, and continued to push forward with his relentless offensive pressure until the 25-minute time limit expired.
The victory moved Cormier one step closer to a rematch with ex-UFC champ Jon Jones, who hinted after UFC 192 that his return to the octagon could come in the near future.
For complete coverage of UFC 192, check out the UFC Events section of the site.
A widely reported study that came out in January in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition (AJCN) would seem to dispute this finding: it confirms the belief in the energy balance model, and has been cited as proof by many researchers working in the field. I asked an author of the study, Dr. George Bray, professor of medicine at Louisiana State University, about the myriad of additives and industrial ingredients in our food that were not accounted for in this study. "It doesn't make any difference," he said in a telephone interview. "Calories count. If you can show me that it doesn't work, I'd love to see it. Or anybody else who says it doesn't -- there ain't no data the other way around."
The participants in the AJCN study were given low, normal, and high amounts of protein and 1,000 more calories than needed. The study does not take into account the content and form of calories, how they were processed, or with what additives or industrial chemicals.
Bray doesn't believe that additives or how foods are processed or produced will ultimately affect the outcome of studies. In fact, he completed research in 2007 that he refers to as his "Big Mac study," which fed participants three meals a day for three days giving one group fast-food items like Big Macs and the other group foods made "from scratch." Bray says the results showed that the type of food made no difference: "At least in an acute study measuring glucose tolerance, insulin, and things -- they don't make any difference. Now, if you fed them over a longer time period, it's clearly going to be the quantity that matters, largely."
One study conducted at Princeton University indicates that types of calories do matter. Researchers found that rats drinking high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) gained significantly more weight than rats drinking sugar water, even though the amount of calories consumed was the same. The rats drinking HFCS also exhibited signs of metabolic syndrome, including abnormal weight gain, especially visceral fat around the belly, and significant increases in circulating triglycerides.
Miriam Bocarsly, the lead author of the Princeton study and a Ph.D. candidate there, said in a phone interview: "The question of calories in, calories out is a very good one and is highly debated in the field. You have traditional nutritionists who say 'energy in energy out,' but we have this result and at this point all we can really say is that this is what is happening in the rat model. Something is obviously different between HFCS and table sugar, and the next question is, What is that difference?"
Blumberg says that fructose itself is an obesogen. "Crystalline fructose doesn't exist in nature, we're making that," he says. "Fructose is not food. People think fructose comes from fruit but it doesn't. The fructose that we eat is synthesized. Yes, it's derived from food. But cyanide is derived from food, too. Would you call it a food?"
Star survey reaches 70 sextillion
And that's only the stars we can actually see.
SYDNEY, Australia (CNN) -- Ever wanted to wish upon a star? Well, you have 70,000 million million million to choose from.
That's the total number of stars in the known universe, according to a study by Australian astronomers.
It's also about 10 times as many stars as grains of sand on all the world's beaches and deserts.
The figure -- 7 followed by 22 zeros or, more accurately, 70 sextillion -- was calculated by a team of stargazers based at the Australian National University.
Speaking at the General Assembly of the International Astronomical Union meeting in Sydney, Dr Simon Driver said the number was drawn up based on a survey of one strip of sky, rather than trying to count every individual star.
The team used two of the world's most powerful telescopes, one at the Anglo-Australian Observatory in northern New South Wales state and one in the Canary Islands, to carry out their survey.
Within the strip of sky some 10,000 galaxies were pinpointed and detailed measurements of their brightness taken to calculate how many stars they contained.
A whole lot of zeros
Astronomers say there are more stars than grains of sand in all of Earth's deserts and beaches.
That number was then multiplied by the number of similar sized strips needed to cover the entire sky, Driver said, and then multiplied again out to the edge of the visible universe.
He said there were likely many million more stars in the universe but the 70 sextillion figures was the number visible within range of modern telescopes.
The actual number of stars could be infinite he said.
The universe is so big light from the other side of the universe "hasn't reached us yet," The Age newspaper quoted him as saying.
Asked if he believed the huge scale of the universe meant there was intelligent life out there somewhere, he told the paper: "Seventy a thousand million million million is a big number ... it's inevitable."
Reminder: Vladimir Putin does not possess some transcendent power to overturn the U.S. system and control your votes.
Dismissing the fact that Russia “intended to interfere with the U.S. election process” is a short-sided and partisan reaction to a genuine threat from an illiberal regime. Overreacting to these events, and creating the impression that Vladimir Putin possesses some transcendent power to overturn the system and control your votes, is equally unhelpful for anyone who isn't simply attempting to delegitimize an election.
Despite the suggestion of some clumsy headline writers, there's no evidence (so far) that Russians tampered with votes or changed the outcome of 2016 in any tangible way. Fortunately, even if Putin had tried, our regional, decentralized voting system — the sort of system many Democrats would like to federalize — makes it virtually impossible for anyone to hack an American election.
This fact hasn't stopped some from making reckless charges about the legitimacy of Trump's win. “Did the combination of Russian and F.B.I. intervention swing the election? Yes. Mrs. Clinton lost three states — Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania — by less than a percentage point, and Florida by only slightly more,” Paul Krugman recently wrote. Neither he, nor any of the other people making similar assertions, have any real evidence to back up the contention.
Now, if Krugman is talking about the Comey letter, that's on Hillary Clinton, who attempted to circumvent the law and lied about it. If we're talking about the hacks of the Democratic National Committee, the idea that some inside-baseball emails from political operatives changed millions of minds is both unknowable and highly unlikely. Moreover, the information voters were offered by these hacks, however inexcusable it was to illegally obtain it, happened to be true.
Yet John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, is now backing a request by 538 partisan Electoral College members — including the daughter of the minority leader of the House and a bunch of other people who know nothing about hacking or intelligence — to review CIA briefings to determine if Trump should be president. Podesta:
The bipartisan electors' letter raises very grave issues involving our national security. Electors have a solemn responsibility under the Constitution and we support their efforts to have their questions addressed. We now know that the CIA has determined Russia's interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump. This should distress every American.
The idea that the founder of The Center for American Progress feels a solemn responsibility to the Constitution is risible, at best. But okay. The Electoral College — the integral function of stable American governance that most Democrats want to trash — was devised to ensure “that the office of President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications.” I'm far less horrified by the idea of overruling the electorate than most Americans are, if there's a good reason for it. This is why we have electors.
It is not, as far as I can tell, however, the job of those electors to sift through intelligence reports they don't understand determining what foreign powers are up to. It's not their job to get security clearances to make decisions on information that the rest of the electorate can't see. If there's any evidence that Trump colluded with Putin (or any foreign government) to hack the DNC or to win an election — and I'm sorry, a dumb throwaway comment attacking the media won't do — it would be traitorous. Release it.
I don't believe Russia intervention changed the outcome of election. But to deny CIA evidence of direct hacking is traitorous. — ian bremmer (@ianbremmer) December 11, 2016
Here are some things that aren't traitorous:
Questioning a leak from someone at the CIA.
Questioning the motives of Democratic Party operatives who latch onto that leak.
Questioning the extent and influence of Russian hacks.
Now, I remember a time when everything a CIA source leaked to the public wasn't immediately believed (I also remember when the CIA itself was hacking American politicians). I also remember when the CIA couldn't ever get anything right. We already know that the FBI doesn't share the CIA's confidence about Russia's hacking motives or reach. Neither do the heads of the U.S. intelligence community. So accusing of sedition anyone who doesn't freak out about Russia is despicable. Many of us find Trump's inclination to be sympathetic to Russia just as disturbing as President Obama's inclination to be sympathetic to Islamists of Iran. Still, it's not a reason to overturn presidencies.
What can we do, anyway? The Obama administration has ordered a review. The Republican Senate Intelligence Committee, the Armed Services Committee, and the Foreign Relations Committee are all going to conduct reviews. Are we going to cancel elections every time someone hacks us? Because China, Russia, and others have been engaged in this behavior for years.
I know the first question on your minds. I know because I am sure it was the first thing on Sergio's mind when he woke up mid-afternoon, sprawled on the bed beside me. I am sure the sun wasn't too great with the massive hangover he was experiencing.
And the shame. Oh God, the shame he must have felt.
How do I know this? Well, I woke up eventually. And not to a pretty sight.
Instead of waking up to waffles or pancakes or some such cutesy nonsense, I woke up to a man with his head buried in his hands.
I did the only thing I could think of. I put my hand on his shoulder gently and murmured, “Are you okay?”
“Did we…?” The regret-tinged voice was enough to tell me exactly what he felt about the prospect of us hooking up. Jeeze, and to think I thought I was decent looking!
“No, we didn't,” I replied softly. “Not sex.”
“But?” he asked, sensing my pause.
“You might have had your hand down my pants… and up my shirt.”
“Fuck,” he hissed, getting up and storming out of the room. I sat there on the bed, shell-shocked, and tried to process everything. I was pretty sure he wasn't in a relationship – he mentioned an ex, after all. So what the hell crawled up his ass and died?
I took my time taking a shower, getting dressed, and braiding my hair. Maybe he wouldn't have such an attitude if I gave him some time to come down from his emotional freak out.
When I came out into the living area, though, he was actively ignoring me. While he savagely stirred waffle mix I busied myself brushing down Jasper, humming to myself. That seemed to annoy him further, since the stirring sped up – so I hummed louder.
I watched him make breakfast, silently leaned up against the fridge and drinking water. They guy was stubborn, I'd give him that. Not a damn word since I came out of the room.
When the waffles were done, he put them on the table and forked a few onto a plate for himself. He stood there, right in front of me, and didn't meet my eyes. “Food is ready.”
I lost it in a very unbecoming manner.
“What the holy hell is your problem?!” I snapped. “Do you treat everyone like this, or am I just colossally lucky?”
He finished his waffles and put the plate in the sink before turning to me. “I can't have feelings for you. I can't. We can't do what we did last night. It isn't professional and it isn't in either of our best interests.”
I crossed my arms and looked away. I didn't want it to sting as much as it did, but what can I say? I had a crush on the guy and he basically just told me I was a paycheck to him. Just a job.
“We don't even know each other,” he added softly.
I overreacted. A little… lot.
“What?! What do you mean we don't know each other?! We spent an entire day together, and an entire night. We talked and-“
“What's my favorite color?” he asked. My words fell short. “What's my cat's name? When did my ex-wife and I divorce?” He shook his head. “You don't know shit about me, Layla. And I know nothing about you. I don't even know what your real hair color is.”
I didn't say anything, but I felt a lump rising in my throat. I didn't want to cry, not in front of him.
“I have to run into the station,” he sighed softly. “Eat some waffles. You're too damn thin.” With that, he turned toward the door.
“Blonde,” I muttered.
“What?” he asked, turning to glance at me.
My eyes rose to his. “My real hair color. It's blonde.”
He nodded and his features softened. “Eat some waffles.”
…
I ate some damn waffles, but that doesn't mean I had to like it.
He also didn't mention staying on the island.
My phone buzzed an hour after he left and I was shocked to feel relieved when I heard Damon's voice. “Ready to come home from your playdate?” he teased.
“Please,” I sighed. “Do you know where I am?”
“We always know where you are, Layla,” he laughed and hung up.
Creepy.
…
Finally back home, I distracted myself in the best way I could think – training Bonnie. The show horses had been given free reign and not practiced through their runs since Grandma died and her jockey took off.
Bonnie fought me at first – she finally started falling back into routine the longer we worked. Soon I had her jumping the pond and doing laps around the farm house.
I even taught her to bow. I think I was proud enough to cry in that moment.
When I made it back inside that night, I was shocked and a little unnerved to find Jeremie, my mother, and Damon just lounging around in my living room.
“Seriously, guys, you can't just show up and camp out in my house!” I exclaimed. Damon looked amused which prompted me to ask, “How the hell did you get in here, anyway?”
“You invited us in, darling,” my mother said softly from where she was sprawled across the sofa. She sat up, her movements slow and languid. I didn't like how Jeremie watched her, like every move she made was for him.
“Yeah, a few days ago. Not today. I don't want you all coming in here without me knowing,” I added. “I don't even know you all!” Using Sergio's argument made me feel like a hypocrite.
Mother was at my side in an instant, moving too quickly for me to follow. “Oh darling, we're sorry. We should never have imposed,” she said, taking me into her arms. Her body was so cold it seemed to suck the warmth from me. She couldn't let go fast enough for me.
“Are you all sending me threatening letters?” I demanded, glancing back at Jeremie. I wasn't going to be put off by my mom's large, sweet eyes.
Jeremie blinked and shared a confused look with Angelina and Damon. “My girl, we would not stoop so low as to threaten someone we are trying to protect,” he said simply.
“What are you protecting me from?” I demanded. “And why does this freaky stalker talk about me having a brother?”
I thought my mother was going to faint. She put a hand to her face and teetered a bit, so I reached out, ready to steady her. “What is it?” I asked forcefully. “What is everyone hiding?”
“Angelina,” Jeremie growled. “This is not wise.”
“She deserves to know!” she argued. Her glassy eyes met mine, her hand furling a bit. “I had twins, Layla. You had a brother; Derek. I took Derek and your grandmother took you.”
I don't know if it was because of all of the shocks today or if the news really, really angered me. Whatever it was, I stood there gaping for a while. Then I clenched my fists. And then I threw my hands to the sides. “Get out.”
“Layla,” my mother pleaded. “If you would just listen to us-“
“I wasn't even good enough for you to keep around?!” I demanded. “Why am I suddenly worth something?”
“You've always been worth something!” Jeremie exclaimed. “That's why she had to leave-“
“I don't want to hear any more of your bullshit! Get the fuck out of my house!”
The doors flew open and an unnatural wind whipped through the house. The three practically ran out of the back entrance, the door slamming as they passed through. The wind, however, stayed, pulling my hair out of its bindings, whipping it around my face.
I made my way upstairs. I ignored the phone vibrating in my pocket. I ignored the tumult of wind wreaking havoc on the pictures on the walls. I went straight to bed and, the moment I felt myself lose consciousness, the wind died out.
…
I was awoken by a thunderous pounding on my front door around 6 am. I was none too happy to find a woman in a uniform standing in my front yard, trying to play fetch with Jasper while waiting for me.
More annoyingly, Jasper wasn't doing his duty as a guard dog very well. He was wagging his damn tail, for heaven's sake.
“Can I help you?” I asked coldly.
She smiled at me, looking uneasy. “Hi Miss Derelict. Our Sheriff has been trying to contact you regarding your protective detail?”
I shrugged. “Tell him he can come out if he wants to talk to me. I guess I'm probably not worth the thirty minute boat ride, though. Not for the Sheriff.” That was unkind and petty – he was watching me constantly for a while. Even so, I started walking back up to my front door.
The woman seemed to be thinking the same thing. “Look, I don't care what issues you two have. I've been asked to bring you down to the precinct.”
“Oh really?” I chuckled. “You got a warrant for my arrest?”
She shook her head. “No, Miss, but we do have someone at the station who we thought you might like to speak to.”
I raised an eyebrow.
“Aric Stacy. He says he has information about the photographs we received at the precinct the other day.”
My heart froze. Aric Stacy. My ex. The guy in the photos.
Advertisements
The Stephensons At Home In Indiana
by Mark Montieth | askmontieth@gmail.com
Tweet
The doorbell rings, and Mom gets up to answer. Lantz Stephenson has just arrived home on the school bus, all smiles, welcomed into the modern, spacious house in the southeast suburbs of Indianapolis, as if he were stepping into a 1950's sitcom.
Mom and dad are waiting for him. The missing family member, the oldest brother Lance, is away on a road trip for his employer, the Indiana Pacers, the team for whom he's a blossoming star and an upcoming free agent, one likely to command a king's ransom.
They all live together here. Lance the father, Bernadette the mother, Lance the 23-year-old NBA player and Lantz the seven-year-old. There's a basketball goal with a glass backboard and paved halfcourt in the backyard, amid a small wooded area, a framed poster of the pro ballplayer hanging over the fireplace in the family room, and a painting of him hanging over the fireplace in the living room. Otherwise, there's no clue as to the profession of the man – the athlete – who is the fulcrum on which the family turns. Just another family enjoying suburban life, with a brighter future than most.
Lance Stephenson First Half Photo Gallery »
So, let's get right to the point that's jabbing at the collective conscience of a growing number of Pacers fans: The Stephensons want to stay. All of them. They love it here in their world away from their native Brooklyn. It seems so perfect, in so many ways, that it feels like destiny.
Dad grew up a devoted fan of team president Larry Bird as a player, so when Bird selected his son in the 2010 draft, it seemed like it was meant to be that they would wind up under the same fieldhouse roof. And Lance the player is making Bird the team president look prescient, ranking second on the Pacers in scoring (14.2), second in rebounding (7) and first in assists (5.3). He's a legitimate candidate to be selected as a reserve for the All-Star team, but more importantly than that, he's gradually casting an improved image for himself and reveling in the fact he's finally, for the first time, a member of a team that's truly together and accepts him for who he is.
The Story Behind Lance and Lantz Lance Stephenson, a war veteran, struggled after returning home from Vietnam in the late sixties. He was, like so many soldiers, adversely impacted by the side effects of Agent Orange, the herbicide used by the U.S. Military to deforest the country. He battled alcoholism, too, and he found it difficult to build a career. The war haunted him. He worked as a security guard and earned a college degree on the side, but never overcame his demons. His son, also named Lance – the third in a row, actually – recalls walking down the street with him in Brooklyn in 1969 when a car backfired. His father hit the pavement and started screaming, as if he were back in a battle. His troubled father became estranged from his wife and mother, and Lance, the son, grew to resent that. So, when Lance, the son of the war veteran, had a son in 1990, he named him Lance, in honor of his father. Young Lance grew up to lead his high school team to four consecutive state basketball championships, become New York's all-time leading scorer and be drafted by the Indiana Pacers. Lance, the war veteran, died in the mid-nineties and didn't get to see it happen. Then in 2006 another son was born to the son of the war veteran, and his wife Bernadette. He was given the name Lantz. Same reason, same pronunciation, different spelling. “I just wanted to honor my father,” Lance, the son of the war veteran said. “When he came back from the war, he had a tough time adjusting. Everything was different and he got sort of a bad rap. I wanted to remind everyone that he was a good person, he just had some bad times. “I decided I was going to name all my sons Lance just to irk … not to irk them, but to show that pride, and to rebirth the name. Try to clean it up and show it in a good light.”
No, things couldn't be better for the Stephensons. But the summer will bring a challenge, either for the Pacers, who must find a creative way to pay him market value – which might require a painful maneuver or two – or for them, if they have to pick up and move to another city to stay together.
Lance, the player, says “I'm a Pacer,” and drops no hints that he wants to test the open market. His parents are more blunt.
“We're optimistic that he will stay here,” Dad says. “I listened to Larry Bird (at the press conference to announce Paul George's long-term contract last summer) say, 'Lance, you'll be sitting here with your dad.' That's what we believe. Until otherwise, that's the plan. Larry Bird said that and we bought into it. We believe it, Lance believes it.”
“We don't try to analyze the future to that point,” Mom chimes in. “That's out of our control. I guess when we get to that point … right now we're just focusing on day-to-day.”
They have planted roots, for sure. Dad, for example, is coaching two AAU teams, which Lance finances and Lantz plays for. It's full circle for him, in a way. When Lance was playing on the AAU circuit in New York, for national powerhouses, Dad had a reputation for being an overly-involved parent. He was never a head coach for his son's teams, but was plugged into all that was happening and was criticized in some quarters for it. He says he always supported the coach, although admits he crossed the line one time when he shouted a play call from the stands. But now he's on the other side of the equation.
Now he's a mentor to parents in the role he once filled.
“We try to help the parents out,” he said. “There are a lot of parents … I always say, I hope I wasn't that bad. I have to deal with parents coaching while I'm trying to coach. These parents set the bar real high on the kids.”
Coach Lance just had one of his players quit because the kid's father was putting too much pressure on him, so much so that the kid was looking at his father during games instead of his coach.
“I told the dad, first of all, your child is scared of you,” Lance said. “And if he's scared of you, he's going to be scared of this world.”
“They (parents) go hard here,” Bernadette said. “Everybody thinks they're going to make it.”
Lance and Bernadette Stephenson share a laugh with their youngest son, Lantz, in their Indianapolis home.
Pacer Lance made it largely because of his parents' involvement, but he had the body and skills to make it possible. Father Lance nurtured and drove him, but didn't have to push that hard. Pacer Lance wanted it. He joined an intense workout program with future pros Stephon Marbury and then Sebastian Telfair starting at the age of nine. They called it the “Breakfast Club.” They'd get up at 5 a.m. each day before school, run up and down the 15 floors of urine-stenched steps five times, sometimes dodging homeless drug addicts, and do 20 pushups at the top and bottom. Then they'd run along the Coney Island beach, 1 ½ miles each way. Then they'd work on basketball drills.
Pacer Lance did that five days a week until his senior year in high school. When Marbury and Telfair moved on, Father Lance took over the direction. Other kids would join them, although by the end of the school year only one other kid could be counted upon to show up – an African immigrant named Moses. He's now a model in New York, and recently came to visit the Stephensons for a few days.
Workouts such as that are why both Father Lance and Pacer Lance reject the “playground player” tag that some have put on the Pacers guard. They prefer to describe themselves as old school. Not only for the work ethic, but for the attitude about team play. What, after all, could be more old school, at least for a person of Father Lance's generation, than to pick Bird as a favorite player?
It was a bold choice in the Projects. Back in the eighties, when Father Lance was part of the Brooklyn playground scene, he and his junior high school-aged friends chose a favorite player and called one another by that name. One friend was Magic, as in Johnson, another was J, as in Julius Erving, another Kareem, as in Abdul-Jabbar. Lance liked Magic and Kareem, but since they were taken, he enthusiastically embraced Bird. Even wore his jersey number, 33.
His friends scoffed. Bird wasn't the coolest choice for a role model in their neighborhood. But when the Celtics beat both Philadelphia and the Lakers to win the championship in 1984, Father Lance had the last word on the playground.
“I'm like, 'You can't handle the white boy!'” he said. “'You guys don't know basketball! I study the game! Y'all don't understand the game!'”
And later, when Pacer Lance was blossoming as one of the best players in the country for his age group, Bird became a measuring stick.
“My dad watched him all the time,” Pacer Lance said. “He made me like Larry. He always had tapes. When I'd come home after games in high school, he'd show me something and say, 'Larry Bird did it this way, so don't do it that way.' He always used to compare me to Larry.”
Which is why it seemed fateful that Bird drafted Lance with the 40th pick four years ago.
“I was like, 'Did I fan myself into this or something?'” Father Lance wonders.
The Stephensons had heard rumblings that the Pacers – meaning Bird – liked Lance, and actually thought he might be taken with the No. 10 pick instead of Paul George. When the first round passed and his name wasn't called, Lance grew despondent. And after the Pacers selected him with the 40th pick, he broke into tears while his family celebrated around him. He thought he had let them down by going so low. Perhaps it had been a mistake coming out after his freshman season at Cincinnati. But his parents were ecstatic.
“Larry Bird!” Bernadette shouted. “Oh, this is going to be our oppportunity!”
“You'll see!” Father Lance told his son. “This is Larry Bird!”
They wouldn't have minded if their son had been selected by the hometown Knicks, who held the 38th and 39th picks, but Donnie Walsh, the Knicks team president at the time, went with Andy Rautins and Landry Fields instead.
Looking back, all parties believe it worked out for the best.
“I heard everything in New York; everything,” Walsh said. “It wasn't like he was on substances, or he was a gangster, or things like that. He was so good so young, you had to wonder if he would work, or if he already thought he was Michael Jordan. That was the risk with him.
“In New York it's a head trip. That's why I don't like to see guys from New York play with the Knicks to begin with. They're being called a star before they even step on an NBA court.”
Says Bernadette: “I look at it now, being away from home benefits Lance and all of us.”
The Stephensons moved to Indianapolis as quickly as possible after the draft. “Couldn't have come any faster,” Father Lance says. They all lived downtown for awhile, then moved to the southeast suburbs. Pacer Lance, according to his parents, gives no indication of being unhappy with the living arrangements. He's gone a lot, so there's always someone to look after “his” home, and it works out well for Lantz and his parents as well. Lantz – known within the family as Tookie, a nickname provided by his grandmother – attends a public school and rides the bus each day, something Pacer Lance's parents didn't dare let him do in Brooklyn. They took turns driving him, to avoid trouble, because a school bus was a prime location for trouble.
Shortly before the 2010 draft, Father Lance told his son to become a part of whatever community he wound up playing in. Old school, remember. To live there year-round, become involved and relate to the fan base. It irritated Lance's parents when, after his first couple of seasons with the Pacers, so many players left town as soon as the season ended.
“Everybody's gone! We the only ones left here!” Bernadette said.
“I used to hate that,” Father Lance said. “Man, at least act like you was wanting to be here a little bit.”
“They have their flight reservations and they're gone,” Bernadette said, laughing.
“This is home base for us. We go visit New York, but we come back.”
Home base. So, what if Pacer Lance winds up signing with another team this summer? What if the Pacers simply can't afford to keep him without exploding the luxury tax threshold? What if the family would have to move to stay together? After all, Lantz was only three when the family moved here, and knows no other way of life. He factors into all equations.
“That would be tough, because we like it here,” Father Lance said.
“We're established here,” Bernadette said.
“I told Lance, we might stay in Indiana,” Father Lance said.
“You leave, but we might still be here,” Bernadette said, laughing again.
For now, they can only hope it doesn't come to that.
Two for Tuesday presented by IMCU »
Buy one ticket, get one free for Tuesday home games
Note: The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Indiana Pacers. All opinions expressed by Mark Montieth are solely his own and do not reflect the opinions of the Indiana Pacers, their partners, or sponsors.
Fudzilla has got some exclusive information on the upcoming GeForce GTX 780 from NVIDIA, according to them the latest flagship graphic card launches on May 23rd followed by the GeForce GTX 770 on May 30th.
It was already revealed a few weeks back that NVIDIA was about to launch their GeForce 700 series in Mid-May and now we have the exact launch dates for both new GPUs. The previous information also stated that the GeForce GTX 760 Ti would also be included for the Q2 launch lineup but instead launching in May, the GTX 760 Ti would be announced during Computex 2013.
NVIDIA Launches Flagship GeForce GTX 780 on 23rd May
Only a day ago, a report revealed that the GeForce GTX 780 which would be using the same GK110 core architecture would also be priced similar to the GeForce GTX Titan. Although we don't have any specific details but the card is expected to feature lower SMX and Cuda cores compared to the GeForce GTX Titan which boasts 2688 cores and comes with a 6 GB GDDR5 memory. In the early spotting of the Titan LE card, it was noted that the GPU would be using 5 GB of memory across a 320-bit interface however new reports mention that NVIDIA would have to lower the memory down to 3 GB to ensure that the cost of the GeForce GTX 780 doesn't go sky high like the Titan.
limited as a reference design by NVIDIA, although we did see some AIB's manufacturer custom models only to see them canned later on, the GeForce GTX 780 would be available in custom flavors too allowing AIB partners of NVIDIA to offer custom models of the GPU. But, being based on the GK110 core would mean a major hit to the price point and the site has mentioned that people waiting for the upcoming GTX 780 flagship card shouldn't worry if the price point does end up near the GeForce GTX Titan, suppose say $759?
GeForce GTX 770 With Updated GK104 Arrives on 30th May
The site also reports the exact time at which the GeForce GTX 770 from NVIDIA would launch which is 6:00 AM PDT (standard NVIDIA time for launching new graphic cards). The GK104-425 used on the GeForce GTX 770 is going to feature improved performance but would not give a massive boost over the current Kepler 600 series.
It is expected to feature the same 1536 cores as the GeForce GTX 680, so we can expect that with some core clock improvements the GPU would end up being a bit faster than the GTX 680. Pricing however would be high at around $399 – $499 since the GTX 780 itself would end up around the $699 barrier. You can see the expected specs of the GeForce 700 series cards in the chart below:
GeForce GTX TITAN GeForce GTX 780 GeForce GTX 770 GeForce GTX 760 Ti GPU GK110 GK110 GK104-425 GK104-225 CUDA Cores 2688 2496 1536 1344 TMUs 224 208 128 112 ROPs 48 40 32 32 Memory 6GB GDDR5 3-6GB GDDR5 2GB GDDR5 2GB GDDR5 Interface 384-bit 384/320-bit 256-bit 256-bit MSRP $999 $699 to $759 $399 $299
With only a month's time left in GeForce 700 series launch, it would be quiet some time before rival AMD would have something to tackle them since their HD 8000 Sea Islands GPUs are currently planned for launch in Q4 2013.
Dr. Roslyn Fuller is a lecturer in International Law based in Ireland. She is the author of Ireland's leading textbook on International Law ‘Biehler on International Law: An Irish Perspective' (Round Hall, 2013). In addition to her academic work, she has also writes for the Irish Times, The Irish Independent and The Journal on topics of law, politics and education. Roslyn has been researching democracy for over a decade and is the author of “Beasts and Gods: How Democracy Changed Its Meaning and Lost Its Way” (October 2015, Zed Books). She tweets at @roslynfuller and can be reached at fullerr@tcd.ie.
I sometimes flatter myself that I have seen it all and that nothing would surprise me these days, but that proved over-optimistic last week when a colleague sent me an article on the Cryptolocker computer virus published by The Guardian.
After quickly scanning the article, I asked if he was trying to say I should be doing something about my computer security.
“Are you blind?” he asked irritably, “I didn't send that to you for you to think about your computer! I sent it because I thought you'd be interested in the fact that it's sponsored content. It's an advertorial – in The Guardian! What is the world coming to?”
And that right there encapsulates the issue perfectly. I'd been forwarded an article that someone had told me was ‘interesting' and, like so many people, I'd hurriedly flicked through it, swiping past the sideline graphic that indicated the content was sponsored by two private companies (Fujitsu and Symantec), and then I'd done exactly what those companies wanted me to do – consider improving my computer security. According to Fujitsu's website, the company has been cooperating with Symantec to develop secure cloud-based computing solutions for some time and The Guardian article certainly slathered the pressure on its readers to shell out for such solutions, stating that computer users need to “take action now”, twice specifying the urgency of acting within a “two-week window” before noting that a website which helps users with computer security for free is down and closing with a discussion of Symantec's victory over data-stealing virus Zero Access in 2013. No other software competitors were named in this perfect advertorial, nor were the fee Fujitsu and Symantec handed over to “sponsor” this piece of not-so-investigative journalism specified.
When I began to examine the situation more closely things got even more interesting. For one thing, the article in question entitled “Global Police Operation Disrupts Aggressive Cryptolocker Virus” is labeled as sponsored content on the Guardian's mobile site, but not on its desktop-accessible site, which means that many readers are completely unaware of the fact that it is sponsored by private companies (who stand to profit from the article's content). If this was an editorial oversight, it was a pretty big one.
Flicking through The Guardian's website, I quickly discovered an entire ream of “sponsored” content in a newspaper that is supposed to be the last bastion of liberal Western intellectualism. It's hard to quote the Daily Mail in a scholarly article without getting some funny looks, but The Guardian slips down the gullet of establishment authority with nary a second glance. Yet here were articles like:
“Make your Business Communication Watertight with Office 365 from O2” sponsored by (surprise, surprise) O2; “Explore a Literary Landscape” (a three-way collaboration where Tourism Ireland sponsored an article by author MJ Hyland about her trip to Northern Ireland, which managed to name-check two hotels and four restaurants in only a few short column inches); and “Reform Land, Transform Nigeria!” (advocating laws to tighten protection of private land ownership in Nigeria) sponsored by the Adam Smith Institute, which after 20 minutes of research, I still hadn't satisfactorily gotten to the bottom of. However, I'm not surprised that an “institute” (albeit one that alleges to have a 100 million pound annual turnover) choosing to name itself after Adam Smith, author of The Wealth of Nations and idol of laissez-faire capitalists, sees tightening protection for landowners in countries that haven't historically had that kind of relationship with land as a priority of the first magnitude.
All of these articles were presented in just that way: as objective articles written by professional reporters- not as advertisements. In fact, most of them were written by someone with the illustrious title of ‘Guardian Professional'. Admittedly, the latter three named articles (which are just a smattering of what is out there) hover under a banner displaying the name of the sponsor and there is a tagline at the bottom or on the sidebar explaining that the content was paid for by the sponsor and generated by ‘Guardian Labs' (because apparently this kind of high-end content can only be produced under laboratory conditions). But these notices look just like any other of the numerous ads displayed on newspaper web pages, and I'm inclined to think that many people, like me, have trained themselves to ignore anything but text in the interests of actually managing to read an article from end-to-end. It means that we're liable to ignore even something as obvious as a headline banner that at best implies that not only did someone find this a convenient place to put an ad, they are actually paying for the article content.
Of course, The Guardian would dispute that anything as base as paying for content went on in regards to the Cryptolocker article. As far as they are concerned, it's all just a happy alignment of interests. According to the newspaper's own lengthy explanation:
“Sponsored content is editorially independent. We accept funding from sponsors both for content we are already producing, where using funds from a sponsor allows us to provide more in depth coverage, and for new projects.”
Which, to me, would seem to mean that if Fujitsu and Symantec had not forked over the cash, The Guardian may only have been able to push the urgency of immediate consumer action once in the article, as opposed to three times, which certainly added more depth to their coverage, in that the bottom got a whole lot lower.
Mercifully, The Guardian later clarifies:
“A sponsor whose branding appears on editorial content may have a role in suggesting what kinds of topics are covered, but the commissioning editor is not obliged to accept ideas from the sponsor.”
I doubt, however, that the Symantec logo would have been shyly wafting to one side of an article where the reporters (yes, it took two of them to produce this text) had decided to use an example of a competitor's previous success in quashing malware instead of Symantec's own.
The latter three articles I cited, on the other hand, were in The Guardian's opinion, straight-up advertisements where according to its own version of events “content has been paid for and produced to a brief agreed with a third party organisation, whose brand it displays”. These ‘advertisements' don't look like ads though, or even opinion pieces – they look and sound like ‘objective' articles and the potential for chaos to ensue in quoting and re-quoting these articles is sky-high. If someone was to give me a piece of information that was in The Guardian, or I was to see it cited in a footnote, I wouldn't normally be inclined to immediately ask who paid for it. I would assume it was a product of fact-checked journalism, rather than simply a claim made by an interested party.
Of course, The Guardian didn't invent the advertorial, and I'm sure that if we all saw some similar travesty trolling for people to buy moisturizer at the back of a fashion magazine, we wouldn't bat an eye. But we're not talking about something as silly as a skin care fad here; in some cases we're talking about the legislative apparatus of entire countries.
I'm not sure the advertorial is the appropriate forum to be discussing the fate of millions. Surely it's somewhat more comforting to think that anything that gets published has to at least pass a basic newsworthiness test and that any facts that sound too off will trigger a journalistic alarm bell to have them checked. And surely it's somewhat more comforting to think that items that are newsworthy will be published whether or not the people involved in those items have the money to pay for publication. The way things stand now, if Tourism Ireland is willing to stump up for an advertorial, I suppose Visit Wales will have to dig deep and come up with the same kind of cash to stay competitive. And guess what? They did. I do hope that anyone who wants to share communal land in Nigeria has the same kind of resources at their disposal.
The Guardian, I am sure, would say that they are strapped for cash and that ultimately it's our fault for skimming our news off websites because none of us can make the effort to do something as simple as buying a newspaper anymore. But it's not like they don't float in a broth of advertising for master classes, job placements and something called ‘Guardian Dating', not to mention the totally undeserved benefits they must have derived from people like Assange and Snowden dumping long-running, high-interest stories straight into their laps over the past few years. If something absolutely had to be done, I would have preferred them to go the classic route and adopt a sidebar of shame (the screeching and seemingly inexhaustible celebrity ‘news' you'll see featured on the sidebar should you ever need to venture into e.g. Daily Mail territory) or offer me a mail-order bride from whatever country the article I just looked at took place in. You can always rest a sheet of paper up against the sidebar and compared to made-to-order advertorials it definitely would have been the classier solution.
The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.
COMPTON, Calif. – Aida “Didi” Nuñez used to have a car and a job she could drive to. Then she lost her job at a community center when funding dried up. And then she had an accident and lost her car. For eight months, Nuñez, who lives in Athens, a close-in suburb on the south side of Los Angeles, struggled to find work that she could get to without a car. “I didn't have transportation anymore,” said Nuñez, 44. The distance between jobs and residents of metropolitan areas is growing as suburban sprawl continues its spread, creating mounting challenges especially for minorities and low-income residents. The number of jobs within typical commuting range of suburban residents dropped 7 percent between 2000 and 2012, more than twice the decline experienced by the typical city residents, according to a new report by the Brookings Institution's Metropolitan Policy Program. The drop is of concern because unemployment rises when jobs are far away.
Aida "Didi" Nuñez, a resident of the L.A. suburb of Athens, commutes an hour each way — taking a bus and two metros — to work at a community career development center in Compton. Haya El Nasser Almost 60 million suburbanites don't live near jobs compared to 33 million city residents. And those who live in high-poverty, majority-minority neighborhoods – many of them in suburbs – experienced particularly pronounced declines in their proximity to employment. In more than 60 percent of neighborhoods with poverty rates above 20 percent and 55 percent of majority-minority neighborhoods, jobs are getting farther away. “It's important especially for these suburban poor populations,” said Natalie Holmes, co-author of the report, the first to focus on the impact of job sprawl on suburbanites as opposed to central city residents. By 2010, the majority of every major ethnic and racial group and the majority of the poor lived in suburbs for the first time. But the number of Hispanics living near jobs fell 17 percent last decade and 14 percent fewer blacks live close to employment compared to 6 percent fewer whites, according to the report. Since the 1990s, jobs in suburbs have outnumbered jobs in central cities, according to Robert Lang, urban affairs professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas. But many of the jobs followed higher-income residents to “favored quarters,” he said. Retail and offices settled in higher-income neighborhoods. So while the movement of minorities to suburbia that accelerated the last 20 years sent hopeful signs of a rising middle-class, many minorities settled in poorer, inner-ring suburbs that did not attract employers. “That's the favored-quarter effect,” Lang said. “You're worse off because you move out in the wrong direction.” That's why, even in metro areas where the overall number of jobs increased, residents' access to these jobs has declined. Thirty-seven of the 96 largest metro areas enjoyed jobs increases but a decline in proximity to work. Only 29 metros improved employment proximity to the typical resident. For example, jobs in Phoenix and its suburbs grew almost 11 percent since 2000 but the number within commuting distance fell nearly 17 percent. “You might think moving to the suburbs for better schools is good for poor people but that's not the case,” Holmes said. “Your car breaks down. You lose your job and I'm afraid of people don't have real options nearby. They're left between a rock and a hard place.”
Biggest impact on minorities
In minority-majority suburbs of Los Angeles such as Compton and Downey, where most residents are Latino, proximity to jobs fell more than 13 percent while the number of jobs in the vast metropolitan area dropped only 4 percent. “If you get hired and can't get there, that's a really big issue,” said Rusty Hicks, executive secretary treasurer of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, which represents 300 unions and more than 600,000 workers. “The greatest asset that we can build in Los Angeles and southern California is really with mass transit … link workers from where they live to where they work.” In 2008, Los Angeles voters approved a sales tax increase to fund transportation projects. The result is a vast expansion of the metro system that will eventually connect downtown to major centers on the west side and extend another line deeper into the South Bay. The Metro Board recently adopted a plan to connect workers to transit hubs that can take them to jobs beyond the region's typical 8.8-mile commuting distance. Building metro hubs is a first step but housing near transit tends to jack up property values. Apartments and condos that sprout up along transit lines often are out of reach of lower-income residents. The Metro Board is planning to set aside at least 35 percent of units built on Metro-owned land for affordable housing.
‘You might think moving to the suburbs for better schools is good for poor people but that's not the case. Your car breaks down. You lose your job and I'm afraid of people don't have real options nearby.' Natalie Holmes Metropolitan Policy Program, Brookings Institution
Nationally, there is a small but growing movement of large employers moving jobs closer to transit lines. “Metro is on schedule to complete 30 years' worth of system upgrades in 10 years, including extensions of light-rail lines and adding new stations all over the county and these projects are connecting areas of affordable housing with jobs,” said Lawren Markle, director of public relations and marketing for the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation. State Farm, one of the country's largest insurance companies, announced it would expand regional offices in three cities – Tempe, Ariz., Atlanta and Richardson, Tex., north of Dallas. And a growing number of metro areas, including Baltimore, Chicago, San Francisco, Seattle and St. Louis, have created regional plans that combine economic development with housing and transportation needs. Many are using job proximity metrics. “Employers and developers and others have picked up on the need,” said David Goldberg, a vice president at Smart Growth America, a coalition that advocates for less sprawl and promotes public transportation. “Lower-wage workers are moving farther out and some of the growth we're going to see is accommodating some of those folks."
One bus, two metros, one hour
One of the tough things about reporting on the Church of Scientology is that its tax-exempt status allows it to hide much of its financial information from the public. In some countries, however, Scientology and its front groups have to open their books. Among them is the Netherlands, where once again we're getting a look at the annual financial report from the Narconon drug rehab center there. And just like last year, we've asked our resident money man, John P. Capitalist, to go over the numbers…
I've taken a preliminary look at the 2016 Narconon Netherlands (NN NL) financial statements just filed with the Dutch government. I welcome additional perspective from the several Dutch activists who keep an eye on such things, including TrevAnon and scamofscientology.
Revenue & Expenses
2016 was an unmitigated disaster. Program-related revenue (i.e., delivering actual Narconon quackery) was €19,117 versus €78,725 in 2015. I'm guessing this is a drop from four patients in 2015 to one in 2016. Total revenue dropped as well. In 2016, they relied on donations of €65,107, about double the donations of €31,292 in 2015 but still saw overall revenue down by 23 percent versus the prior year.
The big jump in donations allowed them to show a net loss of only €5,482 versus a net loss of €10,714 in 2015. They managed expenses to revenues reasonably well, which is just the sort of thing that any business should do when revenue drops by 23 percent — you have to cut expenses by at least that much.
A narrowing net loss sounds like a good thing, but when the only thing saving NN NL from financial collapse was a big increase in donations to keep revenue somewhere vaguely close to expenses. That sure sounds like someone was pulling in some big donations and “managing” the profit number – that's a big no-no in accounting in the US.
There was a comment in the notes to the financial statement that claims that there were a lot of small donations powering the donation line, but I think this could well be misdirection – the financials don't appear to be audited or even prepared by an external CPA firm; they appear to be an internal summary and I wouldn't place any major trust in the numbers. So they can basically say whatever they want without fear of prosecution. I suspect that in the Netherlands, as in the US, as long as the revenue line is accurate and all taxes such as payroll taxes are paid, the government is not going to take a fine-toothed comb to the financials of a charity unless there's specific evidence of wrongdoing.
When we look at expenses, there are a couple things that jump out. NN NL spent €6,664 on vitamins, which is actually up versus the €6,139 they spent on vitamins for 4 patients last year. There's a line item for “food and consumables” of €27,856 versus €32,754 for “feeding” in 2015. So they're paying about the same total for vitamins and food for their one patienter than they paid for 4 people in 2015. That sounds rather odd. Especially when they spent €33,995 (food + vitamins) on variable costs for a customer who paid only €19,117.
Also, there's no “Housing” expense for 2016 versus the €52,858 for housing last year. Commenter scamofscientology, who is on the ground in the Netherlands, said in last year's article that this item was likely due to legally mandated medical detox for the early stages of rehab that they had to pay for. I'm not sure why they were able to dodge this cost in 2016, unless the one patient that NN NL had was there for marijuana, which doesn't have a detox cycle as far as I know. Cutting out this significant line item went a long way to helping the organization keep the net loss for 2016 low enough that it can limp through another year without being liquidated.
There are minimal wages paid of €8,068. If I remember correctly, they did have several paid staff in the 2014 report. It's a sign of desperation that they had all the staff suddenly decide to volunteer in 2015 and 2016. I'm suspecting that this small payment went to one or more former students being kept on to be recruited into the cult. I would guess that the seasoned management all went without salaries. It also seems just a little too tidy that payroll expenses went from €10,135 in 2015 to €8,068 in 2016, a percentage drop of 20.4 percent, very close to the 23 percent drop in revenue. Most large companies have trouble controlling labor costs that well, and it seems very unlikely to me that an organization this small, with so few employees, can be that surgical in matching payroll to revenue.
Finally, the “Operating cost” line item in 2015 for €45,019, simply disappeared from the income statement in 2016. It's not a case of reshuffling it into different sections of the income statement, but this was just gone altogether. I'm going to guess that these “operating costs” were amounts that were kicked back to the Mothership when times were relatively better last year, but they simply weren't able to do it this year – they had to stiff David Miscavige for a year in order just to stay in business. Wonder what “condition formula” this puts them in. Liability? Doubt? Extreme Ineptitude?
Balance Sheet
Consistent with what we've seen at most Scientology operations worldwide, there's almost no cash on the balance sheet ever; there's only €172 in the bank, hardly enough for the Dutch government to seize, though it's also not really good for a company to have so little cash on hand.
Accounts payable (bills owed to creditors such as contractors, etc.) dropped from €108,779 in 2015 to €84,293, which sounds like good news until you realize that they're basically continuing to pay bills on a 360-day calendar, instead of the 30-60 days that vendors would expect from high-quality customers. Hubbard's financial advice of paying bills only when people threaten to cut you off continues in full effect.
NN NL still owes big money. The €409,000 loan from a Christian monastery remains on the books at the same amount. There's a line item on the 2015 financials with a loan held by NN International of €77,338, but that doesn't appear in the 2016 numbers. However, I think that the new “License” number of €103,042 reflects the old amount owed to NN International, plus what they owe for treating their one patient this year. A jump of €25,704 in royalties to NN International sounds pretty scary given that it is royalties for treating one patient, for which NN NL got paid €19,117. There should be an entry on the income statement where the change in this balance sheet item would appear as an expense, but I'm not sure where it would be. Very suspicious…
Notes to Financials
The comments to the financial statements try to paint a rosy picture, referencing the idea that lots of small donations mean that the lives of many people can continue to be saved. But they also make reference to a “going concern warning” remaining in effect – in other words, that NN NL is teetering on the brink of extinction.
The fact that this doesn't have the name of an external auditor suggests it's an internal report that has been filed with the government, with no auditing to assess related-party transactions (rent from a Scientologist, etc.).
My Take
The 2016 numbers appear to be thrown together by someone less skilled than the preparer of the 2015 numbers. A lot of stuff is being shuffled around without explanation in footnotes, which you'd hope to see on internal numbers, and you'd certainly expect to see on numbers filed with the government or otherwise published. That leaves me very suspicious about the quality of the financial information here.
The financials clearly reek of having the numbers managed. They can't lie about program revenue or donations as that would bring the wrath of the government down on them. But they are being pretty blatant about doing whatever they can to manage costs in line with plummeting revenue, including padding donations and getting rid of all sorts of expenses – I don't know whether they were able to cut the €45,019 by simply deferring paying for anything (we should have seen a big jump in accounts payable if this was the case), whether they've transferred those costs to another Scientology organization, or whether they're simply lying and taking a calculated risk that they won't get audited.
The bottom line: this is another disastrous year. NN NL, by narrowing the loss and by turning royalty expenses into debt to be paid later and by magically coming up with double the donations they took in last year, managed to remain financially viable for another year. However, they're basically now down to gnawing off and eating their own fingers to stay alive.
— John P. Capitalist
——————–
Kim Poff nears trial over retaliatory firing in Oklahoma
In 2014, we told you that an Oklahoma state inspector general, Kim Poff, was suing her former employer, the state mental health authority, because she said she had been fired when she complained that her bosses had buried her investigative report recommending that the Church of Scientology's flagship drug rehab there be shut down. And then, because she had filed that lawsuit, she was fired by another state agency, the Department of Human Services, in retaliation. Poff filed a second lawsuit, against DHS, also in 2014.
That lawsuit against the state DHS has slowly been moving through court over the last three years, and is now nearing a November trial. But first, her claim has to get past motions for summary judgment filed by the state, and yesterday, Poff's attorney, Rachel Bussett, filed responses to those motions.
We're very interested to see whether Poff's case can actually survive to trial in November, but we're not sure why Channel 9 in Oklahoma City is reporting this as if Kim Poff has filed her lawsuit for the first time.
She hasn't. This is a three-year old lawsuit that has some new filings in it, but not any major new developments.
As ever, what we're really interested in with regards to Poff's lawsuits is her original investigative report recommending that Narconon Arrowhead be shut down. It's still under seal, and perhaps if this thing does get to trial, we'll finally get our hands on it.
——————–
Chris Shelton on the Bridge
Says Chris: “This week there's been a lot of talk about the Grade Chart between Leah's show and Tony's article on OT VIII yesterday, but here is part 2 of the video I started last week breaking down the whole Bridge to Total Freedom step by step. I put some things in here about OT III whcih I don't think too many people have seen anywhere before and try to break it down so it makes sense why Scientologists think these OT levels are so significant and important (and it's not because of Xenu). Enjoy!”
——————–
Bonus items from our tipsters
Bring your checkbook!
——————–
——————–
Posted by Tony Ortega on September 7, 2017 at 07:00
E-mail tips and story ideas to tonyo94 AT gmail DOT com or follow us on Twitter. We post behind-the-scenes updates at our Facebook author page. After every new story we send out an alert to our e-mail list and our FB page.
Our book, The Unbreakable Miss Lovely: How the Church of Scientology tried to destroy Paulette Cooper, is on sale at Amazon in paperback, Kindle, and audiobook versions. We've posted photographs of Paulette and scenes from her life at a separate location. Reader Sookie put together a complete index. More information can also be found at the book's dedicated page.
The Best of the Underground Bunker, 1995-2016 Just starting out here? We've picked out the most important stories we've covered here at the Undergound Bunker (2012-2016), The Village Voice (2008-2012), New Times Los Angeles (1999-2002) and the Phoenix New Times (1995-1999)
Learn about Scientology with our numerous series with experts…
BLOGGING DIANETICS: We read Scientology's founding text cover to cover with the help of L.A. attorney and former church member Vance Woodward
UP THE BRIDGE: Claire Headley and Bruce Hines train us as Scientologists
GETTING OUR ETHICS IN: Jefferson Hawkins explains Scientology's system of justice
SCIENTOLOGY MYTHBUSTING: Historian Jon Atack discusses key Scientology concepts
Other links: Shelly Miscavige, ten years gone | The Lisa McPherson story told in real time | The Cathriona White stories | The Leah Remini ‘Knowledge Reports' | Hear audio of a Scientology excommunication | Scientology's little day care of horrors | Whatever happened to Steve Fishman? | Felony charges for Scientology's drug rehab scam | Why Scientology digs bomb-proof vaults in the desert | PZ Myers reads L. Ron Hubbard's “A History of Man” | Scientology's Master Spies | Scientology's Private Dancer | The mystery of the richest Scientologist and his wayward sons | Scientology's shocking mistreatment of the mentally ill | Scientology boasts about assistance from Google | The Underground Bunker's Official Theme Song | The Underground Bunker FAQ
Our Guide to Alex Gibney's film ‘Going Clear,' and our pages about its principal figures…
Jason Beghe | Tom DeVocht | Sara Goldberg | Paul Haggis | Mark “Marty” Rathbun | Mike Rinder | Spanky Taylor | Hana Whitfield
Many arguments are made in favour of legalizing marijuana. But by far the most compelling is the potential impact on the criminal justice system. The sheer number of Canadians who are busted for possession, trafficking, production and distribution of the leafy green plant—more than 160 per every 100,000 people—dwarfs that for any other drug, including far more problematic substances like cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine. “I don't think there's any doubt that the enforcement of marijuana laws has been responsible for the overwhelming majority of drug arrests, about 75 per cent of all reported drug crime,” says Neil Boyd, a professor of criminology at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, B.C.
Boyd adds that legalizing pot would immediately allow police to focus limited resources on more “worthwhile” endeavours. It could also lead to a reduction in other types of crime that are related to marijuana, including rip-offs of marijuana grow ops or potentially violent conflicts between buyers and sellers. “You can't currently take a dishonest marijuana distributor to court or call the Better Business [Bureau] to complain,” Boyd says.
Legalization could even reduce the country's overall crime rate, since roughly three per cent of all current Criminal Code incidents are related to pot. However, any decrease would likely be offset by an increase in other types of infractions as police focus their attention on more serious criminal activity—one of very few instances where a jump in crime statistics could be celebrated as a good thing.
JAXA, Japan's space agency, retrieved the Hayabusa spacecraft in the Australian outback after its seven-year journey, and promptly began the process of opening it (trickier than it sounds, apparently).
The Japanese probe Hayabusa's first peaceful journey to an asteroid was so successful in returning samples of the asteroid Itokowa to Earth that JAXA, the Japanese space agency, is planning a second Hayabusa mission. But Hayabusa 2 won't come in peace. The second asteroid probe will pack an impactor that detonates an explosive on the asteroid's surface.
Planned for launch in 2014, Hayabusa 2 will seek and marginally destroy a space rock catalogued as 162173 1999 JU3. The probe would land on the surface and, ideally, collect samples before and after the impactor blasts its way to the asteroid's interior.
Such a science mission is far more complicated than Hayabusa 1, which somehow scraped a successful mission together despite a battery of problems along the way. Where Hayabusa 1's mission duration at asteroid was three months, the ideal mission duration at asteroid for Hayabusa 2 is more like a year.
SPACE
Real Clear Politics' Rebecca Berg thinks it's too late for Bill Clinton to change the American electorate's view of the Clinton Foundation.
“Much of this is already baked in,” Berg stated on CNN Tuesday morning. “The messaging that they are trying to impress upon people that what they did was above-board, that there was no corruption, that there was no pay to play, it's all defensive at this point.” (RELATED: Bill Clinton Pens Letter To Clinton Foundation Donors)
“They're not making a positive case about the work that the Clinton Foundation did, any sort of firewall they had between the state department and the Clinton Foundation,” she continued. “Really what they needed to do was think about this when Hillary was secretary of state or leaving that office, and think about how they were going to frame this at that stage.”
“It's a little bit late for them to try to change people's perception on this, and of course, this goes back to the question of honesty, trustworthiness.”
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
Digg founder Kevin Rose acknowledged that traffic to Digg.com dipped as a result of the site's redesign.
Digg already acknowledged that traffic dipped by 24 percent after the redesign, which received a rocky reception from users.
"A mistake I made is that we had a passionate, dedicated community, and you can't just retire features, and say to them, this is your new news page," Rose said at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference here. "You can do that, and then you have front page stories and stories that say Digg sucks."
Rose said: "I thought I had a better solution for consuming news."
Rose served as chief executive for a few months, after chief executive Jay Adelson was asked to step down. Rose hired Amazon executive Matt Williams to replace him as CEO.
The redesign changed the look of the site, eliminating the thumbs-down button and adding the concept of individuals that users followed. Now, news is more of a personalized feed, with users that others follow suggesting stories.
Digg had a userbase of about 20 million unique visitors per month and about 1.2 million a day, Rose said. After the site launched the "V4" current version, traffic spiked, the dipped, and now is somewhat flat, Rose said.
Now, Rose said that Digg is working toward a "perfect world" where users define a set of interests, and Digg will automatically send that user a story he or she would like, with the most important stories returning to the front page as the Web's zeitgeist.
Animorphs: The Android
Come one, come all, to the latest episode of Thought-Speak. Mitchell here, writing the blurbs that I'm sure so many fans read…. You guys do read these things, don't you? Anyway, this week we're talking The Android. It's a huge step-up from last time's The Secret, that's for sure. So much interesting stuff happens in this one, it's hard to keep track of it all. But the biggest importance this book offers to the canon is of course the new species: the Chee, and to a lesser extent, the Pemalites. The Chee will be huge players from here on out, at least in a supportive role for the Animorphs. Eric in particular will be an important recurring character throughout the series. It's a book that I'm sure most fans look fondly back on and remember Marco's hilarious hijinks, as well as, you know, nearly dying at least four times throughout the course of the story. Man, that Marco can take a beating!
In this episode we're talking all about the “get morphed” contest winner, why our review of The Secret was justified, Coleman's thoughts on Chee fan art, the many near-deaths of Marco, what Z-Space “mass” might look like, awkward Rachel/Tobias flirting, communist Pemalites, what the Alternamorphs series should have been, bat morph, and the bloodiest, most gruesome battle since The Stranger! All that and more in our review of Animorphs book 10, “The Android.”
Here's the part where I tell you all to subscribe to the show on iTunes and/or Stitcher. It's actually super important because it helps more people find us. If you could find it in your heart to rate our show and review it as well, that's even better. Don't forget: you can email us your thoughts on the next book, “Book 11: The Forgotten” at Thoughtspeakcast@gmail.com and we'll read them at the end of our next episode. We make no promises on whether or not we'll make fun of you, though…
As always, we hope you enjoy hearing us talk as much as we do!
SHOW NOTES
Introduction (01:36)
• Hosts Mitchell and Coleman talk about the Get Morphed contest in the back of the book, then address some of the early comments on our last book review of The Secret.
Summary and Plot (14:54)
• The guys walk us through Animorphs book 10, the one where we meet the Chee.
Book Review (01:41:40)
• Final Verdict:
Mitchell: 5/5
Coleman: 4/5
Final Thoughts/ Wrap up (01:47:47)
• The guys talk about the book cover models, and read an email from a listener.
In this new segment of the site, we're sharing pictures of your Animorphs book collections! If you've got the books, we want to see'em! Send us your pictures, either through our email (thoughtspeakcast@gmail.com) or through our Facebook page (Facebook.com/thoughtspeak). Feel free to tell us a little about your collection, how you found all the books, how old it is, etc. This week's collection belongs to Jeremie Crepeau from Lincoln, Rhode Island.
About his collection, he had this to say: “The bookends I have are from a club/program scholastic was running when the books first came out. It was a mailing list that sent out I think it was 3 books every couple of months as they came out. They also sent out special “club only” things like those bookends and other Animorphs related gear. That's how I acquired my major collection of the books. Then when I rediscovered them in like 2011, I managed to find someone on Craigslist that had almost an entire collection that was practically giving them away so I took them off their hands for them.”
Nice collection, Jeremie! Thanks for Sharing!
Alberta Health gave Calgary oilman Allan Markin's private foundation a $10-million grant to expand an unproven alternative health program after Canadian Natural Resources Ltd., the company Markin co-founded, barred the foundation from directly providing the program to its employees.
The decision by CNRL to withdraw its support for Markin's Pure North S'Energy Foundation program also appears to have triggered his abrupt resignation as the company's chairman in April 2012.
Internal CNRL emails show the publicly traded oil and gas company's health and safety committee decided "it was not appropriate" for the Pure North program to be offered to the company's employees after an independent risk-management review "raised a number of issues" about it.
"Importantly, Mr. Markin is in a significant conflict of interest position because of his position as chairman of CNRL and his involvement as a central figure in Pure North," states a memo written by committee board chair Dr. Eldon Smith.
The memo was forwarded to all company employees by CNRL president Steve Laut in a March 22, 2012 email. Smith is the former dean of medicine at the University of Calgary.
Eleven days later, on April 2, 2012, at 2:01 p.m. -- one minute after the stock market closed in Toronto -- Markin notified CNRL staff worldwide in an email that he had resigned as CNRL chairman, and he referenced CNRL cutting off Pure North.
"The withdrawal of CNRL support for your participation in the Pure North program has not deterred my enthusiasm for the program," Markin wrote, adding that employees could still access the program outside of the company.
Laut, Smith, and Markin did not respond to interview requests from CBC News. In an interview last month, Pure North spokesperson Stephen Carter, speaking on Markin's behalf, said he did not know why CNRL withdrew support for the Pure North program. But he said the foundation still treats thousands of CNRL employees.
Aggressive lobbying campaign
A CBC News investigation has revealed that a few months after Markin resigned from CNRL, Pure North launched an aggressive lobbying campaign for funding from Alberta Health with an ultimate publicly stated goal of embedding Pure North's program in the provincial health system.
But although Pure North repeatedly cited the success of its CNRL program, it appears neither Markin nor Pure North disclosed the fact its program had been turfed by CNRL when the foundation sought, and received in December 2013, $10 million in funding from Alberta Health.
As CBC News has previously reported, Alberta Health granted the funding to Pure North against the advice of senior officials, who determined the Pure North program was not adequately supported by science, could not prove its health and economic claims, and may cause adverse effects in patients.
Former University of Calgary dean of medicine Dr. Eldon Smith chaired the health, safety and environment committee of Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (Alberta Science and Technology Leadership Foundation)
Alberta Health also changed the purpose of the funding from a research study to simply an expansion of an existing Pure North seniors program. That change, made six days before the grant agreement was signed, eliminated the need for ethical oversight of the program, which was ultimately offered to more than 7,300 seniors.
The program collected medical information from participants. Some experts say Pure North was effectively operating a human-subject study without any ethical oversight. Pure North has said it has collected data, including from CNRL employees, to accurately monitor its patients. Provision of the data to university researchers is simply a secondary use, the foundation said.
In its promotional material, Pure North states Markin created the foundation's program. It began as an employee health and wellness program and was eventually offered to thousands of CNRL employees. Markin personally funded the program and used his own airplanes to fly Pure North medical practitioners, including doctors, to remote CNRL work sites.
In addition to high doses of supplements, especially vitamin D, the Pure North program also offered CNRL employees the opportunity to have mercury dental fillings removed. Pure North has said it believes the fillings leach harmful mercury into the body.
Program "not appropriate" at CNRL
Dr. Eldon Smith, in his memo, told CNRL employees the outside review was prompted by questions about the program and "because of potential cost implications going forward."
CNRL hired consulting firm AON Canada to "evaluate all aspects of the program." Because of issues raised in the consultant's report, the matter was referred to the company's health, safety and environment committee.
The committee reviewed the AON report, Smith said, "as well as documentation from national and international bodies involved in recommending and regulating health therapies. Material from Pure North was also thoroughly reviewed."
Smith said a special meeting of the committee was held on Jan. 30, 2012, and "while there was unanimous recognition of the deep concern Mr. Markin has for the health and welfare of CNRL employees, the committee concluded it was not appropriate for this program to continue to be offered to the health of employees."
CNRL replaced the Pure North program with a conventional employee health program.
After Markin resigned as CNRL chairman, his spokesperson, former Calgary Health CEO Jack Davis, told The Calgary Herald Markin decided to resign without notice because "he wanted to clear the decks and give management and the board of CNRL a chance to make the adjustments they feel they want to make with this departure and not be encumbered in any way by him."
Internal University of Alberta and CNRL documents reveal Markin sought support for his Pure North wellness program a few days before he resigned from CNRL.
Deputy health minister gave endorsement
U of A documents show Pure North sought the support of then-president Indira Samarasekera. Markin has donated more than $20 million to the university.
In a March 30, 2012 email, Pure North executive director Wendy Paramchuk tells Samarasekera that, "Allan has asked if you would consider documenting your view about Pure North and with your permission, he could use to send to CNRL employees to explain Pure North's position. He will need this letter today if possible."
There is nothing in the documents that show Samarasekera provided an endorsement.
Alberta health deputy minister Carl Amrhein provided an endorsement for Pure North when he was provost of the University of Alberta. (CBC)
But an internal CNRL document, sent to all employees, shows Markin received an endorsement from Alberta Health deputy minister Carl Amrhein, who was then provost at the U of A.
"The Canadian health system is not … sustainable in its current form …. Healthy living and prevention must become much more prominent, and Pure North S'Energy offers an outstanding program of education and support for both important issues," Amrhein's endorsement states.
In July 2014, Amrhein also wrote a letter of support for Pure North and Markin that lauded the research data — and financial support — Pure North had given his university's academics.
In October 2016, Amrhein, now deputy minister of health, signed a grant agreement with Pure North on behalf of his ministry. The grant is worth $4.2 million over several years and funds a nurse-practitioner-led, primary-care clinic in Calgary.
Internal Alberta Health documents show Amrhein participated in the Pure North program while he was deputy minister. An Alberta Health spokesperson said Amrhein fully disclosed his relationship with Pure North to the province's ethics commissioner when he assumed that role. Alberta Health declined any further comment for this story.
Ethics commissioner Marguerite Trussler told CBC News she questioned Amrhein about his signing of the October 2016 grant. She said Amrhein told her the decision was made elsewhere and he merely signed the agreement in his capacity as deputy minister, after Health Minister Sarah Hoffman had signed off.
If you have any information about this story, or for another story, please contact us in confidence at cbcinvestigates@cbc.ca.
@charlesrusnell
@jennierussell_
If there's one box office story to pay close attention to this week, it's the incredible blast-off Pixar's Coco experienced in China on Saturday, erupting nearly four-fold from its $1.9 million Friday debut to $7.1 million the following day.
That's like a coiled spring releasing its kinetic power. It will be fun to see how the new animated film tears through box office records in the coming weeks.
What's especially gratifying about this is that in more than a decade of trying, Disney's (NYSE:DIS) Pixar division has never had a bona fide hit in the Middle Kingdom. There seems to be something about the Pixar stories, and the way audiences perceive them, that leaves Chinese audiences cold. The trademark originality and whimsicality that have made Pixar's films so successful in North America and many other territories appear to have worked against the studio in China.
In fact, up until now Pixar has been the worst-performing U.S. animation studio in the Chinese market. While its sister company Disney has racked up a PRC gross of $235 million for Zootopia, while Dreamworks Animation and Universal's Illumination Entertainment have scored $100+ million hits in the territory, and Sony and Fox have also had $60+ million hits with their animated releases, Pixar has typically seen dismal performances for its movies like Cars 3 ($20.8 million), Toy Story 3 ($16.7 million) and Brave ($4.6 million). The studio's global smash hit Inside Out managed to earn just 1.7 percent of its $857 million worldwide total, or $15 million, in the PRC, and Toy Story 3 earned barely 1.5 percent there.
Pixar's current record-holder in China is last year's sequel Finding Dory, which collected $38 million in its run there. But that's all about to change.
When China embraces a movie it becomes a massive phenomenon. The country's enormous population and its giant exhibition network of over 50,000 movies screen—the world's biggest—can propel a movie to an extraordinarily lucrative run.
And China has embraced Coco like no other Pixar movie before it. Average moviegoer ratings for the picture at review site Douban are at 9.4, and 9.6 at Maoyan, the third-best this year behind Dangal (9.8) and Wolf Warrior 2 (9.7). Both Dangal and Wolf Warrior 2 reached unprecedented revenue levels at China's multiplexes; Dangal became the highest grossing non-English-language import in the territory's history in the spring of this year with a $193 million total, and Wolf Warrior 2 crushed every previous box office record with its $857 million total in the summer.
There's no real precedent for Coco's 270 percent day one to day two jumps, so it's impossible to project with confidence where it will end up. I looked over the debuts of hundreds of films and the closest comparable I could find was the 170 percent Friday-to-Saturday leap that Zootopia enjoyed in its first weekend. That Disney film went on to a staggering 67x multiple on its opening day gross, and it still holds the China animation record two years after its release.
In North America the biggest second-day jump I've seen was for Warner Bros.' (NYSE:TWX) The Lego Movie, at an 80 percent Friday-to-Saturday bump. That picture enjoyed a very strong 15x multiple to reach a domestic total of $258 million. The next biggest was in fact Zootopia, which after its 62 percent Saturday bump went on to an extremely leggy domestic run with a 17x opening day multiple and a $341 million North American lifetime gross.
Read More: China Is Cuckoo For 'Coco' (So Far) With $2M Friday And Promising Weekend Pre-Orders
Also on offer are 10Mbps, 50Mbps, and 100Mbps plans
Published 8:08 PM, October 19, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Sky has launched new fiber-power broadband packages that come with its free video-on-demand service SKY On Demand.
Plans start at P1,299 monthly for 10Mbps (Megabits per second), capped at 100GB and go all the way up to P2,899 monthly for 100Mbps, capped at 300GB.
All plans come with a basic version of SKY On Demand, which lets you stream ABS-CBN channels and stream ABS-CBN episodes on demand. Additional cable channels can be viewed on SKY On Demand if you have an active SKY cable subscription. Available channels on SKY On Demand depend on what channels your cable subscription has.
SKY On Demand is viewable through laptops, mobile devices or through an HD digibox that can be availed of separately. Below are the new plans:
One SKY subscribers who are also subscribed to SKYcable or Destiny Cable plans that include HBO has the option to subscribe to HBO GO for only P150/month.
Meanwhile, subscribers also have the option to subscribe to Netflix for as low as P370/month that will be charged via their SKY bill. Select One SKY fiber-powered broadband plans are available in Metro Manila, Cavite, Laguna, Baguio, Bacolod, Cebu, Davao, Dumaguete, General Santos and Iloilo. Additional details are available at mysky.com.ph.– Rappler.com
Redox-flow batteries could be very useful for the safe storage of excess energy in electricity grids, but their deployment has been held back because they have far lower energy capacities than conventional lithium-ion batteries. Now, researchers in Singapore have built a new type of redox-flow battery that offers a higher energy capacity without losing the safety advantages that such batteries bring.
As more electricity is generated from renewable sources, electricity suppliers will have to find efficient ways of storing energy produced when the Sun is shining (or the wind is blowing) for use at times of peak demand. Storing energy in rechargeable batteries is one option, and various technologies that are used today including traditional lead–acid batteries and state-of-the-art lithium-ion batteries. However, these established technologies have their problems. Lead–acid batteries have limited storage capacity and lithium-ion batteries are prone to overheating, which makes the latter unsuitable for use in large-scale facilities.
A redox-flow battery employs liquid electrolytes that are stored in two separate tanks. During charging or discharging, one liquid is circulated around the battery's anode and the other around its cathode – which are themselves separated by a semipermeable membrane. Such batteries are less prone to overheating and combustion because the energy is stored in the tanks, which can be isolated from the point at which the electrochemical power generation takes place.
Tanks of energy
“It's a bit like with the internal-combustion engine, where you have a tank for the gasoline and you just pump it into the engine to produce power,” says materials scientist Qing Wang, who led this latest research. The most developed designs use vanadium, which is stored and transported in aqueous solution. Unfortunately, this severely restricts energy capacity, because the vanadium salts are not very soluble in water.
Wang and colleagues have developed a new type of redox-flow battery in which the cathodic tank contains lithium–iron-phosphate granules and the anodic tank contains granules of titanium dioxide. When the battery is charged, “redox mediators” dissolved in the electrolyte are pumped through both tanks. Under the influence of an applied voltage, one of the redox mediators oxidizes the lithium in the tank, transporting the lithium ions into the reaction vessel. The reaction vessel is divided by a partially permeable membrane that allows lithium ions to pass but not the redox mediators. In the anodic half of the reaction vessel, other redox mediators combine with the lithium ions. These are then pumped through the titanium dioxide, where the lithium ions are reduced back to lithium metal, which intercalates into the titanium dioxide.
When the battery is discharged, the reaction runs in reverse, returning the lithium to the cathode. Because the lithium is stored in solid form in both of the charged and discharged states of the battery, the energy density of the new lithium-flow battery is about 500 Wh/l. This is around 10 times that of a vanadium redox battery.
Better membrane
The researchers are now optimizing their new battery with an emphasis on improving the performance of the membrane. Conventional flow batteries use a membrane made from the polymer Nafion, which could not be used in the new battery because it lets through too many redox-mediator molecules. Wang and colleagues solved this problem by combining Nafion with the polymer PVDF, which stopped the redox mediators from passing through. However, this new membrane also restricts the lithium-ion flow, which reduced the charge/discharge rate of the battery. For grid storage, Wang says the permeability “works fine, but it's not perfect”. If it can be improved further, Wang says, the battery could also be useful for electric vehicles – although he concludes that “there's quite a long distance to go”.
Michael Aziz of Harvard University describes the work as “very innovative”, but he is sceptical of Wang's claim that the charge/discharge rate is adequate for grid storage, saying that it is 10,000 times lower than that of an aqueous vanadium redox-flow battery. He points out that Nafion is very expensive and a practical battery would need 10,000 times the amount of membrane to achieve the same performance as aqueous vanadium. “For grid storage, it's more important that a battery be cheap than that it take up a very small area,” he explains.
John Goodenough of the University of Texas at Austin – the inventor of the lithium-ion battery – agrees. “I don't think they have the answer to the least-expensive battery for large-capacity electrical-energy storage,” he says, “but the approach may prove feasible one day.”
The new battery is described in Science Advances.
Mothers are especially likely to give and receive support on social media
Social media networks have become vital channels for Americans' daily interactions. Users rely on these platforms to keep in touch with family and friends, gather information and share what is important to them. This report explores how parents – 75% of whom use social media – turn to social media for parenting-related information and social support.
Mothers are heavily engaged on social media, both giving and receiving a high level of support via their networks.
Social media networks are host to a wide range of human experiences; they help connect people with one another in both good times and bad. Parents – in this study defined as those with children under 18 – are especially likely to try to respond to the good news others post, answer others' questions or receive support via online networks. This is true for all kinds of personal matters they encounter – not just parenting posts. While somewhat less common, a majority of parents agree that they try to respond to bad news as well. Mothers are more likely than fathers to engage their networks across a variety of these outreach and support examples:
81% of parents who use social media try to respond to good news others share in their networks, including 45% of social-media-using parents who “strongly agree” that they do so. Some 53% of mothers say they “strongly agree,” compared with 33% of fathers who say that.
74% of parents who use social media get support from their friends there. Digging into the data, 35% of social-media-using parents “strongly agree” that they get support from friends on social media. Fully 45% of mothers who use social media “strongly agree” that they get support from friends on social media, compared with just 22% of fathers.
71% of all parents on social media try to respond if they know the answer to a question posed by someone in their online network. About a third (32%) of parents who use social media “strongly agree” that they try to respond to questions. Mothers and fathers are relatively similar in their responsiveness to questions on social media; 35% of mothers say they “strongly agree” that they make an effort to respond to questions, compared with 28% of fathers.
58% of parents who use social media try to respond when a friend or acquaintance shares bad news online. Mothers are particularly likely to “strongly agree” that they try to do this – 31% say so, compared with 21% of fathers.
Social media is broadly viewed as a source of useful information and as one parenting tool among a collection of options. Mothers use it as a parenting resource slightly more often than fathers.
While a large share of parents find value in social media as a general information resource, fewer say they come across useful parenting information while using social media. At the same time, one-in-four say they get support from their networks for parenting issues, and mothers who use social media are more than three times as likely as fathers to say they get support.
79% of parents who use social media agree that they get useful information via their networks. One-in-three (32%) “strongly agree” that they get useful information. Mothers are just as likely as fathers to “strongly agree” that they find useful information through their social media networks (35% vs. 27%).
59% of social-media-using parents indicate that they have come across useful information specifically about parenting in the last 30 days while looking at other social media content. Mothers are particularly likely to encounter helpful parenting information – 66% have done so in the last 30 days, compared with 48% of fathers.
59% of social-media-using parents indicate that they have come across useful information specifically about parenting in the last 30 days while looking at other social media content. Mothers are particularly likely to encounter helpful parenting information – 66% have done so in the last 30 days, compared with 48% of fathers. 42% of these parents have received social or emotional support from their online networks about a parenting issue in the last 30 days. This includes 50% of mothers, compared with 28% of fathers on social media.
31% of parents who use social media have posed parenting questions to their online networks in the last 30 days. Mothers and fathers are equally likely to do so.
Few parents say they have felt uncomfortable when information about their children is shared by other family members or caregivers on social media.
Most parents have not felt uneasy about the content posted about their children by other family members or caregivers on social media.
12% of all parents of children under 18 say they have ever felt uncomfortable about something posted about their child on social media by a spouse, family member or friend. Fully 88% say they have not felt this way.
11% of all parents have ever asked for content about their child posted by a family member, caregiver or friend to be removed from social media.
Parents, like non-parents, use a variety of social media platforms.
This survey also took a broad look at the social media habits of parents. Among internet-using parents, social media use across a variety of platforms is common. Parents look a lot like non-parents in this regard, though there are differences between mothers and fathers:
Three-quarters of online parents use Facebook, as do 70% of non-parents. Mothers are more likely to use Facebook than fathers, with 81% of moms and 66% of dads using the platform.
Three-quarters of online parents use Facebook, as do 70% of non-parents. Mothers are more likely to use Facebook than fathers, with 81% of moms and 66% of dads using the platform. 28% of online parents use Pinterest, including 40% of mothers and 15% of fathers.
27% of online parents use LinkedIn. Mothers and fathers are equally likely to use LinkedIn.
25% of online parents are Instagram users. Mothers are more likely than fathers to use the platform, 30% vs. 19%. Younger parents (those under 40) also are more likely to use Instagram than older parents, 33% vs. 18%.
23% of online parents use Twitter. Moms and dads are equally likely to use Twitter.
Parents are particularly active on Facebook and LinkedIn, while non-parents use Instagram more frequently.
Parents on Facebook are especially avid users: 75% log on daily, including 51% who do so several times a day. This is a statistically significant difference when compared with non-parents, of whom 67% log on to Facebook daily, including 42% who do so several times a day. Mothers on Facebook are more likely to check the platform several times a day compared with fathers, 56% vs. 43%.
Parents on Facebook are especially avid users: 75% log on daily, including 51% who do so several times a day. This is a statistically significant difference when compared with non-parents, of whom 67% log on to Facebook daily, including 42% who do so several times a day. Mothers on Facebook are more likely to check the platform several times a day compared with fathers, 56% vs. 43%. Parents who use LinkedIn are more likely than non-parents to use the site daily (19% vs. 10% of non-parents).
Parents who use Instagram are not as active as non-parent users. Some 54% of non-parents who use Instagram say they use the site daily, compared with 39% of parents.
Among Twitter and Pinterest users, there are few statistically significant differences in how frequently parents and non-parents use the platforms.
How parents use Facebook
Given Facebook's status as the most popular social media platform, this report takes a deeper look into the network composition and habits of parents on the network: Three-quarters (74%) of parents use Facebook.
Parents, particularly mothers, interact with their networks frequently.
Fully 94% of Facebook-using parents share, post or comment on Facebook (as opposed to simply reading or viewing content), with 70% of parents doing so “frequently” or “sometimes.” This compares to a statistically similar 93% of non-parents who say they ever post content to the platform.
Overall, mothers and fathers who use Facebook are equally likely to say they ever share, post, or comment on Facebook. However, mothers are more likely to do this with greater frequency. Some 76% of mothers on Facebook say they do so “frequently” or “sometimes,” compared with 61% of fathers who say the same.
A typical parent has 150 Facebook friends. One-third of them are “actual” friends.
Among parents, the median number of Facebook friends is 150, while the typical non-parent Facebook user has a median of 200 friends. The largest group of parents on Facebook (42%) have between 0 and 100 Facebook friends on the network. Another 20% of parents say they have between 101 and 250 friends, while 23% have between 251 and 500 friends. Non-parents are more likely than parents to have very large Facebook networks — 16% of non-parent Facebook users have more than 500 Facebook friends, compared with 11% of parents.
Facebook networks are composed of a variety of people, not all of whom are necessarily considered close. Parents who use Facebook were asked how many of their friends on the platform they considered “actual friends.” A majority, 76%, said they considered between 0 and 100 of their Facebook friends “actual friends.” The typical parent reports a median of 50 “actual” Facebook friends, while the typical non-parent counts 40 of their Facebook friends as “actual” friends. As noted above, parents report having a median of 150 Facebook friends, and non-parents report having a median of 200 Facebook friends. Thus, a typical parent's Facebook network is about one-third “actual” friends, while non-parents typically report that less than a quarter of their network is made up of actual friends.
Family and friends make up the bulk of Facebook networks for parents and non-parents alike.
Family and friends, both new and old, are the most common types of connections in users' Facebook networks.
93% of parents who use Facebook are friends with family members other than their parents or children on the network.
88% are Facebook friends with their current friends.
88% are connected with friends from the past, such as high school or college classmates.
60% are friends with their work colleagues.
53% are friends with their parents.
47% are friends with their children on Facebook.
41% are connected with people they have never met in person.
41% are friends with their neighbors.
Parents are more likely to be Facebook friends with their parents than non-parents, 53% vs. 40%. They also are more likely to be friends with their neighbors on the network, 41% vs. 34% of non-parents.
Age is a major factor in who makes up the bulk of parents' Facebook networks. Some 93% of younger parents (those under age 40) who use Facebook are connected with friends from the past. This is significantly more than the 83% of older parents (those ages 40 and older) who say the same. Younger parents also are more likely to be Facebook friends with their own parents (71% vs. 35%).
Older parents, those ages 40 and above, are more likely to be friends with their children on Facebook. Some 65% said so, compared with 30% of younger parents. These findings likely reflect the fact that Facebook requires users to be ages 13 and older.
The data reported here were collected in two telephone surveys conducted by PSRAI and fielded from Sept. 11 to 14, 2014, and Sept. 18 to 21, 2014. The surveys interviewed a nationally representative sample of 2,003 American adults ages 18 and older. Telephone interviews were conducted by landline (1,002) and cell phone (1,001, including 594 without a landline phone). Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish by Princeton Data Source from Sept. 11 to 14, 2014, and Sept. 18 to 21, 2014. Statistical results are weighted to correct known demographic discrepancies. The margin of sampling error for the complete set of weighted data is ± 2.5 percentage points.
When Alex Pineda's bosses decided their employees could work wherever they wanted, the web developer didn't park his laptop at home or at the neighbourhood coffee shop. He left for Paris.
"If it doesn't really matter where I am," he figured, "then why am I in my own apartment instead of a place in Europe?"
So this time last summer, having sold the idea to his managers, Pineda stuffed his backpack, crossed the Atlantic and began hopscotching around some of the world's most historic cities, while still working full-time for Mabel's Labels, a Hamilton, Ont.-based company that makes child-friendly labels. By the time he returned home nine weeks later, he'd visited Berlin, Amsterdam and Barcelona, living off his regular pay cheque.
Story continues below advertisement
For Canadian workers stuck in an office, clock-watching through a too-short summer, Pineda's European adventure sounds like a fairy tale. "My goal was to change my whole environment," he says, "a little bit of a reset."
Most employers would likely struggle to accommodate requests for such ambitious "resets," leaving staff tied to set shifts that don't always coincide with their real or optimal work days. And some workers prefer the structure of office life. But research and case studies continue to build evidence that Canadian employees might want to leave on their bosses' desks this summer; the findings suggest that the most efficient, least-stressed work force is one freed from time, and, yes, space.
Pineda's "work-ation" was only possible because in March, 2013, Mabel's Labels became the first Canadian company to fully adopt a workplace strategy known as ROWE, which stands for "results-only work environment." The company's 40 employees, once given their responsibilities and deadlines, can get their work done in the manner, place and time that works best for them. They are judged only by their performance, not their ability to sit at a desk all day. Some staffers at Mabel's still need to be at work – to receive shipments, for instance, or work the production line. But generally, attendance isn't monitored, and meetings have to be justified.
"You get more done," says Cynthia Esp, Mabel's co-founder and vice-president. "The people who are overseeing the team are focused on what matters, not whether someone came in 10 minutes late."
It also means, says Esp, that some of the workplace tension around who gets flex-time arrangements has vanished. "As long as they are meeting their goals, we don't care if we see them in the office or not."
ROWE is the brainchild of Jody Thompson and Cali Ressler, two former Best Buy managers who have been training companies around the world how to create a flexible, performance-driven workplace. Their clients include government departments, financial institutions and even child-care centres.
Thompson says the ROWE concept – which one magazine headline dubbed "Work Like It's Saturday" – improves on telecommuting arrangements that aren't possible for many workers. The idea is to change the top-down culture in many companies that supervises staffers as if they were children who need permission to use the washroom or to leave early on a sunny Friday afternoon. Instead, the focus is how to reorganize the workplace to improve customer service and productivity.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
One of the rules in ROWE is to avoid popping in on a co-worker unannounced. In one call centre, Thompson says, staff worked out their own schedules to suit the company's needs and their own lifestyles. She dismissed concerns that workers will slack off, saying that's something they can do by shuffling paper and pretending to be present at their desks. "The only way you can take advantage is by not doing your work, and then you get fired," she says. "No results, no job."
A flexible, results-driven workplace can also make it easier to attract and retain good staff, as ATB Financial, an Alberta-based bank, discovered. President and CEO David Mowat says the company began moving toward more work-away arrangements when it faced losing a top manager, who needed to care for his dying father in British Columbia. That manager now supervises call-centre staff through a computer from Kelowna, B.C.
Security technology, Mowat says, has made it possible for financial companies to allow more staff, including those taking customer-service calls, to work out of the office in ways they couldn't previously. "You can craft a job that's perfect," he says. "If you are in a wheelchair, you don't have to commute. If you're home with the kids, you can be there when you need to be."
As for the lack of face time, Mowat says, during online "coffee breaks," employees still use the office texting system to chat about their kids or the latest episode of Breaking Bad. And he argues there's no issue with accountability – good managers know their best and worst employees no matter where they work.
Of course, some industries and jobs don't suit office flexibility very well. But even companies that might benefit find the concept a hard sell. Working from home has taken a hit: Last year, in a high-profile change of direction, incoming Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer banned the practice of telecommuting at the tech company. According to the most recent Statistics Canada data, the number of employed Canadians who worked at home – even one day a week – only increased by one per cent between 2000 and 2008, to a total of about 11 per cent of the population.
Research, however, continues to suggest that more autonomy at work reduces stress and increases productivity. One Stanford University study divided staff at a call centre for a Chinese travel website into two groups – half worked from home, the other half in the office. Researchers found that the people working at home were happier, less likely to quit, and completed about 13 per cent more calls than staff in the office. Stanford economics professor Nicholas Bloom, who co-authored the study, suggested the quieter home environment made work easier. At the end of the experiment, some staff members chose to return to the office – flex-work suits some employees more than others – and the study found that those who stayed home because they preferred it were even more efficient. "People are productive when they are motivated and given peace and quiet to work," Bloom says.
Story continues below advertisement
Faced with the temptations of playing tourist in a foreign city, Pineda says finding a good work space was important. It also helps, he jokes, that the time-zone difference allowed for sleeping in after late nights out. He was careful to answer e-mails right away, even if he couldn't immediately address the content.
In Amsterdam, he hooked up with a group of computer programmers who rented a daily workspace with fast Internet connections in a new building called the A-Lab. In Rome, he mostly worked out of his hostel. In Berlin, he worked out of a BetaHaus, which has workspace for start-ups and a bustling café jammed with brainstorming techies on the ground floor.
Last summer's trip "was another notch in things I thought I would never do," Pineda says. "I had never been to Europe, never travelled solo, never worked remotely while travelling." He is now considering the logistics of working out of Central America, this time staying based in one city for at least a month. "It's just going to get easier to jump ship and travel."
The view from the office never looked better.
Phoenix police arrested a man in Phoenix on Monday on suspicion of raping an unconscious woman live on a popular video hosting Web site.
According to a court document, on Feb. 26, 2009, at about 5 a.m., 20-year-old Jonathan Hock set up the webcam built into his laptop and broadcast live as he sexually assaulted a woman whom he knew for less than a month as she lay in bed unconscious. The victim had reportedly been asleep for up to six hours before the assault occurred.
While being interviewed by Phoenix police, the woman said she became aware of the assault after friends text messaged her about the video. According to a court document, the woman then found pictures on the Web site of Hock lying next to her as she was asleep and naked from the waist down.
Phoenix police issued a search warrant for the Web site's content to try to obtain the live video of the assault. In the video, Hock reportedly made comments about him being able to commit the assault without her knowledge while he performed various sexual acts, according to the court document.
After viewing the five minute video, Phoenix police arrested Hock and booked him on charges of sexual assault and surreptitious video taping.
Police say Hock is allegedly very popular on the site for his sexual behavior, and they said information they received through the investigation indicates there may have been similar acts of this type involving this suspect.
Anyone who may have information about this incident is urged to call Silent Witness at 480-WITNESS.
Bruno Interview
Thanks for taking the time to do this! I'm sure your fans will appreciate it.
First off, a story not many people may know: How did you get involved in eSports?
Bruno: It was never deliberate, I found myself in eSports mostly by accident. I ran a software consultancy business and decided to sell it and take some time off. As the workaholic I am, I couldn't get myself to not do anything, and after meeting shostakovich, we talked about the idea of creating what would later be dota-academy.
Eventually, that got me to meet some people from the community, and right before TI2, the guys from DotaCommentaries invited me to go with them. They also put me in touch with Valve so that I could offer the information I had to add to the show. Everyone at Valve was super friendly and really liked the idea of adding stats to the analysis. As we were setting things up, I stumbled upon 2GD, we had a drink and a chat, and he suggested that I should be part of the Analyst panel. Valve agreed and suddenly, I'm in eSports!
What role do statistics have in eSports? Is it similar/different from traditional sports?
Bruno: Statistics are tricky things in sports. In order to be able to apply them in any relevant way, you have to make assumptions that certain things remain constant and that certain things change in a somewhat predictable way.
We can say that Messi's 73 goals in a season is impressive, because other football (soccer) clubs in Europe play in average the same amount of matches. If for some reason Barcelona played twice as many matches as the rest, then that number is less impressive and Goals per game would be more relevant.
If you look at the NBA, you'll see that some of the records held are from 50+ years ago. No one can rebound as much as Wilt Chamberlain just because there's a 3 second rule now. And scores are higher in average because there's a shot clock.
As games change, certain statistics become insignificant. However, sports change at a slow pace and, in general, very gradually. eSports change a lot and really quickly, so something that happened 2 months ago might now be statistically insignificant.
Add to that the fact that mental form is way more volatile than physical form, and you have people performing excellently one week and terribly the next one, so trying to look at that player's average without looking at something else like the standard deviations, can be pointless.
The bottom line is, statistics are useful to understand the game better, both in eSports and sports. However, in eSports, you have to understand the game VERY well before grabbing a bunch of numbers and plastering them on the screen.
What do you think drives our fascination with stats?
Bruno: There's a very cheesy quote that says, and I'm paraphrasing: "If you need to decide on something and you're not sure which decision to take, flip a coin, not because it's good to let chance decide, but rather because in that moment when the coin is in the air, you'll know which choice is the one you really want". Few things scare people as much as a coin flip. 50/50 chance is something that we can comprehend in theory, but can never fully accept in reality.
Humans love predictability. It's in the basis of our brain: you plant a seed, it grows into a plant; you eat meat, you feel full; you sleep, you don't feel tired anymore. But most things in this world are not deterministic, and it's those things that unleash man's imagination the most. Multiple Gods of Sun, Rain and Death were created to try to explain unreliable phenomena, just because we needed to cope with them in our minds.
Fast forward a few thousand years, and we still need to understand certain smaller things. Why is my team better than yours? Why is this player the best? Most of the time, it's just personal perception, but we search for validation in statistics, and as a side effect, they also give us some basic understanding of certain situations. But don't be deceived, our FASCINATION with statistics is because it's a great tool to match our personal vision of the universe (or a game), with the reality of it all.
What is your favourite stat of all time?
Bruno: Wilt Chamberlain's 100 points in a game has a certain beauty to it: the round number, the seeming impossibility to ever reach that milestone again. I'm not sure if it's my favourite stat ever, but it sounds so much like a fairy tale. There's a ring to "There was once a man that scored 100 points in a game" that "There was once a man that scored 107 points in a game" doesn't have. Statistics, once time passes, are introductions to great stories, and stories have to sound good.
I do know however what my LEAST favourite stat is, and that's the record on most penalty misses in national football games. Martin Palermo missed 3 penalties in an Argentina - Colombia game where we lost 3-0...if those penalties had gone in, the story would've been different, but then I probably wouldn't remember it.
Alright, on to some different topics. Valve made their first steps into Fantasy Dota with the Compendium. What's the future of the Fantasy League?
Bruno: My main constraint with the Fantasy League is lack of availability. It takes a considerate amount of time and effort to do it, and time is something that I find myself lacking these days. It would've been impossible for me to keep up a Fantasy League DURING the West qualifiers, for example. I tried crowd sourcing the administration of the league in the past, but it's a hard unrewarding job, so it's hard to find someone to do it.
I also believe that the Fantasy League should have different aspects to it. I have most of it in my head and it's partially developed, but I for the life of me can't find the 2 weeks of time to further pursue those ideas. If I have to be super safe with my answer, we'll still have Fantasy Leagues for a while, probably in the same or very similar format to that which we have now.
I'm super glad that Valve decided to do something similar; integrating the fantasy stuff with the game opens up so many opportunities. I've talked to some of the guys that are in charge of it, and they have great ideas for improvement. I feel it's a step in the right direction, and if the Fantasy League ever becomes obsolete, I'll be happy because I took the first step in making Dota 2 something even more entertaining to watch
What is your favourite thing about Sweden?
Bruno: Hmm, it's a tough choice; the food, the women, and the friendliness of people are all great things. I even like the weather here! I can't stand hot weather! But if I had to choose one thing, it's a very personal thing: People here trust the system; you expect things to work and they work. You might disagree with a thing or three, but in general, you can rest easy at night knowing there's no one out there trying to screw you. And that's something that can't be said for the place I come from. Others might call it "boring", but to me it is essential to a certain peace of mind so that you can focus better on the important stuff!
Alright, last question for now. Where do you see yourself in a year's time? Three years time?
Bruno: That's the hardest question for me to answer. I've been unimaginably blessed throughout my life with the fact that life itself has always pushed me in the right direction. All I know is what I love most in the world is solving problems. That's what I know, that's what I do. I started Dota-Academy not because I'm a stat lover, but because I wanted to solve the problem of having more rigorousity in eSports analysis. The path that took me all the way here has had me trying to find solutions to the wildest and most varied sets of problems you can imagine.
Maybe in the future I'll be focusing more on developing games, maybe I'll be focusing on pushing eSports quality a notch ahead (#productionvalue), maybe I'll worry about trying to prove Riemann's Hypothesis, I really don't know! But wherever I go, I'll try to make the field a little bit better.
That wraps up my questions for you. Thanks for taking the time to do this!
Bruno: My pleasure =)
Any final (for now) words to your fans?
Bruno: I'll replicate the words that a friend told me yesterday: I want fans, regardless of age, to go back and think of the first game they ever played. For me it was Frogger, for the Atari 2600. For most of you, it was probably something newer than that. For some great souls, it might've been Pong, the first game ever created. Now look at where we are now. We went from moving 1cm x 1cm pixels, from platformers and ugly 3D graphics, to having games that can be treated as sports, and viewed by millions every day in the world. Imagine how crazy the future will be.
Thanks again.
I am an atheist, which puts me firmly on the secular right. There aren't a whole lot of us, but we're out here, in some surprising places.
Yet I consider the current campaign against religious liberty—the attempt to coerce Christians into providing service to gay weddings or to provide abortifacient drugs to their employees, against the dictates of their faith—to be a deep cultural crisis.
Why? Above all, because the sight of a bully using a club to force someone else to violate his conscience is inherently repugnant. As a humanist, what I regard as “sacred” is the power of the human mind to think and make judgments. To put this in terms borrowed from religion, when someone uses coercion to overrule the judgment of their victim's mind, they are defiling my temple.
But there is another, more practical reason. History shows that the only way to fight for freedom of thought is to defend it early, when it comes under threat for others—even people you strongly disagree with, even people you despise. So I'm willing to fight for it for people who are much worse, by my standards, than your average Christian.
It's like the old poem from Pastor Niemoller, except this time it's: “First they came for the Christians.” I don't see the threat of coercion as something being done to those backward Christians over there. I see it as something that could just as easily be done to me.
And it will be, judging from the principles that have been laid down in the campaign against Arizona's religious liberty law and in the Supreme Court hearings in the Hobby Lobby case.
The left and its sympathizers have put forward two main arguments.
The first is simply that Christian opposition to gay marriage and abortion is backward, bigoted, and offensive. I agree in regarding these views as backward. Providing services to a gay wedding or providing insurance coverage for contraceptives doesn't violate my principles. But like I said, the test of tolerance isn't how you treat the people you agree with. It's recognizing the freedom of people who don't share your values and principles.
That's what's disturbing about the current campaign: that it is built around a refusal to accept those who don't share the values and principles of the secular left. It's not merely a refusal to accept their liberty. It's a refusal to accept their very existence.
There is a crude majoritarian triumphalism to this argument. The attitude is: we won the culture war, our views are now the accepted norm, and so they must become the rule for everybody. You have no right to resist, no right even to retreat into your own private sphere and ask to be left alone. We must reach into that private sphere and require your active endorsement of the new social consensus.
Thus, in The Daily Beast, Gene Robinson lectures us that “being pressed to conform to…a change in majority opinion” is not really a “violation of religious freedom”—even though he acknowledges that the “pressing” is being done by force of law. Oddly, Reverend Robinson is an Episcopal bishop. But I guess that just shows that syncretism isn't dead, it's just operating in the opposite direction. The forms and institutions of the old faith, belief in God, are being subsumed by the new faith, belief in society.
As someone who accepts neither faith, I still have a personal stake in this, because the next thing they're itching to do is to lock up the climate skeptics as heretics to the new faith. The idea that you can be compelled to conform to the social consensus unleashes the basic principle of totalitarianism.
The second big argument in the current battle over religious liberty is that Christians may have a private right to religious liberty, but they give that up when they start a business and enter the “commercial sphere,” at which point they must submit to unlimited regulation of their activity by the state.
All that this demonstrates is the artificiality of the left's historic division between property rights and all other rights. The left has always had something of a transactional relationship with free speech; they love it when they need it to protect themselves and forget about it when somebody else's neck is on the line. But this argument shows the exact mechanism by which the left's rejection of economic freedom inevitably leads them to reject all other freedoms. It is hardly possible to do anything in life without in some way engaging in or affecting commerce. In fact, the left has elevated to an art form the practice of justifying anything they want to do, anything at all, by connecting it to the federal government's power to “regulate interstate commerce.” In the arguments over the individual mandate in ObamaCare, they even argued that not engaging in commerce is covered under the power to regulate interstate commerce.
So the result is that you can think what you like in your own brain, maybe, but don't dare lift a finger to act on it. Many years ago, Ayn Rand—an atheist philosopher if ever there was one—summed up the left's outlook: “The liberals see man as a soul freewheeling to the farthest reaches of the universe—but wearing chains from nose to toes when he crosses the street to buy a loaf of bread.” Some concept of “freedom” that is.
The oldest rule of free speech is: I may disagree with every word you say, but I will fight to the death for your right to say it. Because if I don't stand up for you, then by my silence I am accepting a system in which might makes right. I am helping to establish the rule of the jungle in the realm of ideas.
In sum, I'm for religious liberty because there really is no such thing as religious liberty. There is just freedom of thought and freedom of conscience, period. For all of us. And if we let the left knock it down, they are coming for all of us in the end.
Follow Robert on Twitter.
BALTIMORE — I'm only here for the day. No time to dine on soft-shell crab; barely enough for a glance at Camden Yards, where the Orioles play baseball. I'm a digital tourist, here mainly to stare at a glowing LCD screen.
Still, I'm enjoying the tiny view; Web pages and Internet videos downloaded at amazing speed by a device that fits into a shirt pocket, lets me shoot high-definition videos, and can still be used to call the folks back home.
It's called the EVO 4G, and it's our first glimpse at the next big thing in smartphones. When cellular carrier Sprint Nextel Corp. begins selling the EVO on June 4, it will be America's first 4G cellphone, capable of far greater speed than the 3G iPhones and BlackBerries we have come to love.
But why fly 360 miles to check it out? Because Boston doesn't have a working 4G network yet. Baltimore is one of about two dozen US cities where you can find one. Sprint says it's building more 4G coverage as fast as it can; Boston is on the list for sometime this year.
Today's 3G services will let you download perhaps a million bits of data per second on a good day with a strong tailwind. In normal use, you're more likely to top out at 600,000 bits per second. But 4G promises speeds as high as 12 million bits per second, with 3 to 6 megabits being the likely norm.
That means we're on the verge of having portable, pocket-size devices that can download data as fast as the broadband connections in our homes. Sprint already sells portable data hotspots and laptop cards that will deliver 4G speeds. The EVO 4G, made by the Taiwanese company HTC, packs 4G technology into a sleek, feature-packed smartphone.
You will still enjoy the phone, 4G or not. It's thinner than an iPhone, but longer, with a screen that's nearly an inch wider when held sideways. That makes the EVO an excellent video player. The EVO uses Google Inc.'s Android operating system, a worthy rival to Apple's phone software.
You get two cameras for the price of one. There's an 8-megapixel autofocus camera that shoots video, as well as a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera.
But it's the EVO's broadband firepower that really matters. I tested it with help from Ookla, a company with software for measuring data speed on mobile devices. I installed Ookla's Speed Test app on the EVO and on an Apple iPhone 3GS running on AT&T Inc.'s 3G network.
It wasn't even close. The iPhone's 3G speeds were around 600,000 bits per second. Meanwhile, the EVO 4G was hauling down the data at more than 3 megabits, or five times faster.
That's enough bandwidth to share with friends and colleagues, and you can. The EVO 4G is also a Wi-Fi mobile hotspot. Up to eight other Wi-Fi-equipped devices can draw data from the phone's 4G connection. For some reason — envy? — my iPhone wouldn't speak to the EVO 4G, but my BlackBerry Bold happily hooked up, as did the Netgear Wi-Fi card in my battered old Dell laptop.
But all this digital splendor comes at a steep price. The EVO devours battery power. With its 4G modem switched on, I got just over three hours out of it.
The phone's $200 price tag is quite attractive — two-year contract, $100 mail-in rebate and all. But you must also pay $80 a month minimum for unlimited voice and data service, $10 a month more than Sprint charges for its 3G plans. You will have to pay this price even if you live in a city that hasn't gotten 4G coverage yet. And using the phone as a mobile hotspot costs an additional $30 a month.
Still, the future is rarely cheap, and the EVO 4G is the most advanced smartphone yet. There are rumors of a 4G iPhone, perhaps to be unveiled by Steve Jobs at Apple's software developers' conference on June 7, three days after the EVO goes on sale. But Apple's cellular partner, AT&T, can't even get its 3G network to function properly. So unless Apple breaks its exclusive deal with AT&T, the EVO 4G will continue to outperform the iPhone, especially in Baltimore.
Hiawatha Bray can be reached at bray@globe.com.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption An interpreter on South Africa's SABC TV shows the signing which should have been used
The sign language interpreter accused of using fake hand signals at Nelson Mandela's memorial has said he suffered a schizophrenic episode.
Thamsanqa Jantjie, 34, told South African media he "started hearing voices" and began hallucinating.
Deaf viewers at Tuesday's memorial service complained he was a fraud.
Mr Mandela died last week at the age of 95 and will be buried on Sunday. His body is lying in state in Pretoria, with thousands queuing to pay respects.
Image caption South Africans are queuing to pay their respects to Mr Mandela
Image caption For many, glimpsing him in his coffin was an emotional experience
Image caption But others were in more jovial mood, preferring to celebrate Mr Mandela's life
'Dangerous situation'
Mr Jantjie said he worked for a company called SA Interpreters, where he is a senior interpreter.
During the memorial, he was employed to stand on the stage next to key speakers such as US President Barack Obama and Mr Mandela's grandchildren, translating their eulogies.
His performance was watched on television by millions of people worldwide.
But he said that during the event, he lost concentration because of voices in his head.
"There was nothing I could do. I was alone in a very dangerous situation," Mr Jantjie told Johannesburg's Star newspaper.
"I tried to control myself and not show the world what was going on. I am very sorry. It's the situation I found myself in."
But in a subsequent radio interview, he said he was happy with his performance.
"I've interpreted in many big events," he told Talk Radio 702. "I think I've been a champion of sign language."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Thamsanqa Jantjie: "I see angels come from sky"
Mr Jantjie's performance at the memorial provoked anger among South Africa's deaf community.
During the broadcast, Wilma Newhoudt-Druchen, the country's first deaf female MP, tweeted: "ANC-linked interpreter on the stage with dep president of ANC is signing rubbish. He cannot sign. Please get him off."
The ANC (African National Congress, the ruling party) was in charge of the memorial, along with the government.
It appears that Mr Jantjie has worked for the ANC before, as footage from two big ANC events last year show him signing on stage next to President Jacob Zuma.
The South Africa's Translators' Institute said there had been complaints over Mr Jantjie's work before, but the ruling party took no action.
The government is investigating what happened, but on Wednesday it said it "wishes to assure South Africans that we are clear in defending the rights and dignity of people with disabilities".
Final journey
Lying in state Nelson Mandela's body lies in state at the Union Buildings in Pretoria 11-13 December
Coffin taken every morning from the mortuary to the Union Buildings
Public encouraged to line the route
Mandela family and selected visitors viewed the body from 10:00 on Wednesday; open to public from midday
The public is then able to view the body from 08:00 to 17:30 on Thursday and Friday World media on Mandela service Route to Mandela lying in state
After Mr Mandela's body has lain in state for three days, the military will fly him to the Eastern Cape from Air Force Base Waterkloof in Pretoria.
A military guard of honour will welcome the arrival, and the coffin will then be placed on a gun carriage and transported to a hearse.
Mr Mandela's body will then be taken to his home village of Qunu, where the Thembu community will conduct a traditional ceremony.
A national day of reconciliation will take place on 16 December when a statue of Mr Mandela will be unveiled at the Union Buildings.
Big screens have been set up across South Africa to show the planned national events.
(RNS) A group of prominent Episcopalians is criticizing their church's stand on Israel, urging it to join 15 other denominations who call for an accounting of U.S. aid to Israel.
The public letter released on Friday (Jan. 18) notes that leaders of 15 religious groups, including Lutherans, Presbyterians and Methodists, asked Congress to take that step last October, and that the “voice of the Episcopal Church is woefully missing.”
The group includes Nobel Peace Prize recipient Archbishop Desmond Tutu, an Anglican, and former Episcopal Presiding Bishop Ed Browning. The group also called on church executives to ensure that financial resources are not being used to support Israel's occupation of Palestinian territories.
“Just as this church stood with South Africa and Namibia during the dark days of Apartheid,” the Episcopal leaders said, “so we recognize that we need to be standing with our sister and brother Palestinians who have endured an Apartheid that Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu has described as worse than it was in South Africa.”
Episcopal Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori said signing “partisan letters almost always raises the conflict level” and hinders efforts toward reconciliation through dialogue, according to Episcopal News Service.
“Our work must begin by listening to those who live and work and have their being in the midst of the current conflicts, and equally attend to the conflicts in our own communities,” Jefferts Schori told ENS. “We cannot build a lasting peace by directing or imposing strategies on others. We can encourage non-violent and transparent methods like those Jesus and his disciple Martin Luther King, Jr. did.”
Last year, the Episcopal Church rejected boycotts and sanction against Israel, instead pledging to support “positive investment” in the Palestinian territories.
DSB/AMB END DE SANTIS
Brad Pitt turns 48 years old on Sunday, which to us underscores two things: One, the guy looks good for his age; and two, he's been at this Hollywood superstar thing for a long time.
The Oklahoma native's career is as strong as ever. He earned his fourth Golden Globe nomination on Thursday for his work in "Moneyball," an honor that is a major addition to the critics and festival awards he's been receiving for both that role and his turn in "The Tree of Life." But because birthdays are a day to reflect, we'd rather concentrate on the major roles that brought him to this illustrious point.
Pitt began taking guest turns and small parts in TV series and movies in 1987 after moving out to Hollywood. His first substantial break came when he starred in an arc on the soap opera "Dallas" as Randy, Charlie's tempting boyfriend. Check out his high-pitched voice:
That begat a series of other TV arcs, including spots in "Growing Pains" (with Leo DiCaprio!) and "21 Jump Street" (with Johnny Depp!).
A short-lived starring role on the show "Glory Days" came in 1990, and then his big break, in 1991: "Thelma & Louise."
Fame knocked and Pitt answered. He would go on to star in classics like "Se7en," "A River Runs Through It," "12 Monkeys," "Fight Club," "Snatch," the "Oceans" series, "Burn After Reading," "Inglourious Basterds" and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button," amongst many others. He'll soon star in "World War Z," "Cogans Bluff" and "Twelve Years A Slave," all of which promise to be hits.
SICK. Megyn Kelly, Liberal Media Bitch About Lt. Gen Flynn… Gave Benghazi Liar Susan Rice Complete Pass
Donald Trump offered friend and supporter General Michael Flynn the position of National Security Advisor.
The story wa
Senior Official: Trump has offered General Michael Flynn job as National Security Advisor pic.twitter.com/UUkQL1pKGT — Jared Wyand 🇺🇸 (@JaredWyand) November 18, 2016
Megyn Kelly opened her show on Thursday trashing Trump's selection of Lt. Gen. Flynn as NSA Director.
Kelly said,
“Many people are going to lose their minds over this.”
Megyn Kelly cannot talk about any subject related to Trump without losing her mind.
@megynkelly Obamas national security advisor, rice, got on every network and lied about Benghazi. Democrats need to shut up about Flynn — Hereistheanswer (@hereistheanswer) November 18, 2016
@megynkelly please general Flynn 3 star general ran thousands of troops n.i.d. director more qualified than any democratic party had — Ralph cipollo (@CipolloRalph) November 18, 2016
@megynkelly But the left doesn't like Flynn because he will probably insult Muslim countries that want us dead. I don't think Trump cares. — Capt. Tony Denslow (@MegaBitesBanter) November 18, 2016
@megynkelly #KellyFile So, you think Susan Rice had better qualifications than Gen. Flynn? You made no mention of the inept Susan Rice. — Mel Vogelsang (@MelVogelsang) November 18, 2016
@megynkelly do you ever do a story that doesn't have a negative Slant now it's general Flynn — david pitchford (@diamonds4dave) November 18, 2016
Ex-Tsar shot - local Soviet decision
It is now announced by the Bolshevik Government that the ex-Tsar has been shot by the order of the Ural Regional Council, who state that they decided upon that course owing to the threat of the Czecho-Slovaks against the capital of the Red Ural, and their discovery of a counter-revolutionary plot in which the former monarch was involved. The following message has been transmitted through the wireless stations of the Russian Government.
Editorial: The ex-Tsar Nicholas
Last Tuesday the ex-Tsar NICHOLAS was shot at Ekaterinburg, in the Urals, by order of the local Soviet. He was not given even the formality of a drum-head court-martial. The pretext was the danger that he might fall into the hands of the Czecho-Slovaks, but as it was possible to remove the rest of his family it was clearly possible to remove him also to a safe place. Even revolutionary violence has its conventions of decency, but they get as little respect in Russia to-day as most other conventions. The crime is as stupid as it is brutal, for the slaying of the ex-Tsar removes no danger to the Soviet regime, while it brings one nearer. The ex-Tsar has powerful kinsmen in Germany; Germany has in her hands the most plausible candidate for the succession; a movement, of which the discussions with Russian Cadet leaders is one symptom, is brewing to divert German policy against the Soviet Government. Moscow cannot afford this new complication, which is evidently not welcomed there. But this belongs to the future, if not the distant future.
NICHOLAS's wretched end was of a piece with his life. His reign began with the ghastly tragedy at his coronation, when thousands of peasants lost their lives in the struggle for some mugs. Its middle term was the disastrous Russo-Japanese War, with its revolutionary sequel. Its close was the catastrophic European War, which has cast down the throne and the Empire of the Romanoffs. He saw before his death the utter undoing of all the labours of his House during three centuries. It would be difficult to gather out of the records of history a completer tale of disaster crammed into so few years. The constitutional creed of his dynasty and himself was autocracy, so he must accept the legal or theoretical responsibility for this cataclysm. At no point or stage is there any hint or suggestion of any statesmanship on his part to avert it. Was he not merely the witness of and the seal upon so much error, folly, and ruin, or was he a principal architect of his own and his country's misfortunes? Observers differ in their judgements.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tsar Nicholas in Cossack uniform, inspecting Cossacks. Hulton Archive Photograph: Hulton Archive
Some pronounced him a mere echo of the last voice in his ears; others saw him actively malevolent. Probably he was in most things passive, and only occasionally the instigator. But he never had a good idea of his own, and never held by a good idea offered to him. Nobody felt gratitude towards him, still less respect, and although less than eighteen months ago he was Tsar of All the Russias, at his death he seemed a relic of a very remote barbaric antiquity. The whole system of government of which in Russia he was the last representative has, it is to be hoped, seen its last months in Europe. Assuredly this war will have failed of one of its chief justifications if absolutism in its more refined or its less refined forms still cumbers the western earth when the peace settlement is made.
OWN IT FOR AS LITTLE AS $81 A MONTH!
We are very excited to present for the first time ever an Officially Licensed Blade Runner Blaster!
First seen in the iconic 1982 movie Blade Runner, it was used to devastating effect by Harrison Ford as Rick Deckard to “retire” replicants.
Deckard is still equipped with the same blaster in the upcoming new movie Blade Runner 2049; in fact he is actually using one of these replicas! The production used some of these actual replicas when making the movie – so it is literally identical to the ones used in Blade Runner 2049!
This Officially Licensed Blade Runner Blaster is based on the previous Tomenosuke Blasters, and retains the same high quality and attention to detail.
It is offered as a fully assembled, screen accurate, finished replica, and like the previous Tomenosuke blaster is the most accurate version of this blaster ever offered!
Materials: Metal and mixed media construction.
Comes complete with 5 dummy bullets and high quality Blade Runner themed packaging.
Quantities are extremely limited…so don't delay, order yours today!
Materials: Metal and mixed media construction.
Availability: In Stock - Very Limited Quantities
Payment Plans Available!
Manufactured in Japan by Tomenosuke
Non-functioning replica of a science fiction fantasy blaster. © Alcon 2017
Here's the story of a boy named Daniel.
He was born into a Catholic family.
He is forced to attend Catholic School.
He has come to the conclusion that he is an atheist.
Hello everyone, My name is Daniel and I'm an Atheist who is forced to attend a private Catholic school. I regularly experience harrassment due to my lack of belief in a deity. A few months ago I decided to read the entire Bible (King James version) cover to cover and just didn't buy into any of it. My parents and teachers don't know I'm an atheist…
Recently, Daniel's school began a fundraiser. In my chat with Daniel, he said the principal rants about how “atheists never give to charity; only Christians do.”
I decided I'd try to beat my school in a fundraiser for a secular charity instead of for the church. So I talked to one of my friends and she managed to get this whole thing organized. I realized it would be more productive to just simply try to help others instead of getting mad at people at my school. Plus, this way I don't get suspended for “attacking” somebody else's beliefs.
Daniel chose the charity ResponsibleCharity.org:
They are a secular charity that helps children and women in India and are trying to build a school in Calcutta. Secular Charity was started to do what the corrupt Missionaries of Charity have failed to do: help kids in the slums of India to find a better life. On a shoestring budget they are doing amazing things.
What I find the most intriguing are the photo albums on the Responsible Charity's Facebook page labeled Transparency with this note:
In an effort to continue to be as transparent as possible we will post as many receipts of all the purchases we make with your donations. Items such as food and supplies in local markets, taxis, street corner clothes and such are impossible to get receipts for, it is India after all LOL! But we're trying our best and want to honor and respect YOU, our donors and supporters with a view of all we are doing with your help. THANK YOU!
Daniel is asking for donations and this is how you can help:
I'm asking you to please go to www.responsiblecharity.org and donate something. Even if it's just a dollar I will be proud. Please add a note to the donation saying “Daniel's fundraiser” so that it counts toward my campaign to out-charity my whole school! I know I may face a backlash for this from those around me but it's important to me to help other kids get an education without having to deal with religion! Thank you for reading it and if you can't donate anything please spread the word!
1. go to http://responsiblecharity.org/
2. click “donate now”
3. enter an amount and click “donate now”
4. sign in to paypal. Under your address, click the “Note to Seller”
5. type in “Daniel's fundraiser”
6. click “save” and then “pay now”
***Update***: If you are unable to find “Note to Seller” go to the Responsible Charity's Facebook page and let them know! Many people have done this already 🙂
Give now and spread the word!
Isn't this the way almsgiving should be done? Add it to the LIST!
…
***Update***: Since a lot of you are having trouble finding the “Note to Seller” on the PayPal page, reader Jesse provided this helpful screenshot:
…
*** Update***:
From Responsible Charity's Facebook:
Since Daniel's fundraiser began (The Catholic School Atheist) in less than 48 hours,Responsible Charity has received $4,925.27 (and still going) from 497 folks from all over the world including many of our own supporters who had contributed extra funds in addition to their ongoing support of our work. Special thanks are also in order to our friends Tracey McPherson, Religion Poisons Everything, The friendly atheist, The Thinking Atheist, and all others who have shared Daniel's story and continue to do so. We are incredibly happy to help this young man send a clear and strong message to his religious school about the true and compassionate nature of freethinkers around the world. The funds will be used towards the building of a secular school and our ground work with children and their families living in the slums in Kolkata, India. From all of us here: THANK YOU!
What should you look out for on a trip to Hull, once home to Philip Larkin, William Wilberforce and the Housemartins?
1 White phone boxes
Hull's independence and proud municipal history are symbolised by its unique white phone boxes. The city's council-run telephone exchange, Kingston Communication, was flogged off to a private company in 2007, but the creamy white phone boxes remain. It is still the only locally operated telephone company in the UK.
2 Few green cars
According to one of Hull's many fishing superstitions, the colour green is considered unlucky. Veteran trawlermen would rip off any green scarves or hats worn by young deck-hands unversed in local lore. The fear was that green would be followed by black. Even today there are few green cars on the streets of Hull, and the city council avoids using the colour.
3 Rugby league
Craig Hall, left, in action for Hull KR. Photograph: Graham Stuart/Action Images
Hull City may enjoy their second foray into the Premier League, but the city's first sporting love is rugby league. The city boasts two top-flight rugby clubs: Hull KR (formerly Hull Kingston Rovers) and Hull FC. Traditionally people from the east of Hull are Rovers fans, while those to the west support Hull FC. The city's love of the sport is immortalised in a stretch of A63 named Clive Sullivan Way, after the Wales and Great Britain winger. Diplomatically he had stints playing for both Hull and Hull KR. In 1972 Sullivan became the first black captain of any British national sporting side, and led the team to the Rugby World Cup.
4 A fearsome of reputation for law and order
In 17th-century Hull, decapitation was once considered too good for criminals. Instead they were tied to gibbets in the Humber estuary at low tide and left helplessly to watch the return of the tide that would eventually drown them. The punishment is thought to be the reason for an infamous line in the 1622 poem the Beggar's Litany: "From Hell, Hull and Halifax, Good Lord deliver us."
5 The Scale Lane bridge
The Scale Lane bridge, or 'pinball flipper'
It was supposed to connect the city centre to a hoped-for redevelopment on the eastern side of the river Hull. Inevitably it was dubbed the bridge to nowhere after the regeneration failed to materialise. But the Scale bridge, also known as the "pinball flipper", which the public can ride as it rotates to allow ships to pass, has become a destination in its own right, according to the Observer's architecture critic Rowan Moore. He wrote: "It's not a gleaming white rebuke to its industrial surroundings but – robust and black – an extension of a place where, as one of the bridge's architects says, 'even the mud is beautiful'."
6 The Deep
The Deep in Hull
In pre-austerity Europe there was a fad, and the funds, for iconic buildings to lead regeneration of rundown industrial cities. Bilbao got the Guggenheim museum, Hull got the Deep – an aquarium, museum and environmental charity, housed in Sir Terry Farrell's £45m glass and aluminium building overlooking the Humber estuary. It attracted more than double the expected number of visitors in its first year.
Hull has an abundance of free museums. They include the Hull and East Riding Museum for archaeology and local history; the Streetlife Museum; the Ferens art gallery, and Wilberforce House, charting the history of slavery and its eventual abolition. Hull's fishing history is celebrated in the Maritime Museum and a renovated trawler in the harbour, the Arctic Corsair.
8 The Humber bridge
The Humber bridge. Photograph: Julia Hoyle/PA
The Humber bridge is so big that its huge vertical towers are marginally further apart at the top than the bottom because of the curvature of the Earth. It held the record for the world's longest suspension bridge for 16 years. It was opened to traffic in 1981 to much local relief after many delays and financial difficulties. The idea of the Humber crossing was first mooted in the 1920s.
9 The Larkin Trail
Philip Larkin. Photograph: Rex
A walk around 25 haunts of Hull's most celebrated resident, the poet Philip Larkin. He was born in Coventry but was a librarian at Hull University from 1955 until his death in 1985. He remained fond of the city in his characteristically miserable way. "A place cannot produce poems," he wrote, "it can only not prevent them, and Hull is good at that. It neither impresses nor insists."
The Housemartins in 1987. Photograph: Rex Features
Hull's most famous band, the Housemartins, were so proud of the city that they named their first album London 0 Hull 4. Paul Heaton, who went on to front the Beautiful South, said he could only write lyrics in Hull. "When people say your lyrics are quite dark, well, it's simple. I go to Hull in the middle of winter to write them," he said. But other than Heaton and his fellow Housemartin Norman Cook, AKA Fatboy Slim, Hull's musical connections are a little more tenuous. Tracey Thorn of Everything But the Girl went to the city's university, and David Bowie's guitarist Mick Ronson was born and brought up in the city.
Brian Murphy, a history professor at Baruch College in New York, knows a whole lot about corporations in the early days of the American republic. When the Supreme Court struck down restrictions on political spending by corporations in January, the ruling (pdf!) struck him as dramatically at odds with how the Founding Fathers saw the role of the corporation. As he put it in a comment to this blog:
The majority opinion is discovering corporate rights in a Constitution written by people with a dramatically different conception of corporate power and the limits thereof, and an understanding of citizenship as something based on accountability and membership in civil society.
That intrigued me, and an e-mail discussion with Murphy followed. After writing that it would be nice to hear more from historians in today's economic debates, it seems only right to hand the podium over to a historian, so here's a slightly condensed version of our virtual chat.
Q: The corporations of the early days of the republic were very different beasts than those of today. They seem to have been creatures of government — or at least of politicians — right?
A: That's right. Americans inherited the legal form of the corporation from Britain, where it was bestowed as a royal privilege on certain institutions or, more often, used to organize municipal governments. Just after the Revolution, new state legislators had to decide what to do about these charters. They could abolish them entirely, or find a way to democratize them and make them compatible with the spirit of independence and the structure of the federal republic. They chose the latter. So the first American corporations end up being cities and schools, along with some charitable organizations.
We don't really begin to see economic enterprises chartered as corporations until the 1790s. Some are banks, others are companies that were going to build canals, turnpikes, and bridges — infrastructure projects that states did not have the money to build themselves. Citizens petitioned legislators for a corporate charter, and if a critical mass of political pressure could build in a capital, they got an act of incorporation. It specified their capitalization limitations, limited their lifespan, and dictated the boundaries of their operations and functions.
I should add, too, that as part of this effort to democratize corporations, state charters specifically spelled out how shareholder elections were to be conducted to choose directors. Corporations were supposed to resemble small republics, with directors balancing interests among shareholders. When they printed material or conducted correspondence, it was usually in the name of the “President, Directors, and Shareholders of the X Company.”
A couple months ago the Supreme Court ruled that restricting corporate political spending amounted to restricting free speech. In this view, corporations are pretty much equivalent to people. Would that have seemed reasonable to the Founding Fathers?
In a word, no.
I read this opinion carefully — I'm trained as a historian, not a lawyer. Chief Justice Roberts lays out an ideologically pure view of corporations as associations of citizens — leveling differences between companies, schools and other groups. So in his view Boeing is no different from Harvard, which is no different from the NAACP, or Citizens United, or my local neighborhood civic association. It's lovely prose, but as a matter of history the majority is simply wrong.
Let me put it this way: the Founders did not confuse Boston's Sons of Liberty with the British East India Company. They could distinguish among different varieties of association — and they understood that corporate personhood was a legal fiction that was limited to a courtroom. It wasn't literal. Corporations could not vote or hold office. They held property, and to enable a shifting group of shareholders to hold that property over time and to sue and be sued in court, they were granted this fictive personhood in a limited legal context.
Early Americans had a far more comprehensive and nuanced understanding of corporations than the Court gives them credit for. They were much more comfortable with retaining pre-Revolutionary city or school charters than with creating new corporations that would concentrate economic and political power in potentially unaccountable institutions. When you read Madison in particular, you see that he wasn't blindly hostile to banks during his fight with Alexander Hamilton over the Bank of the United States. Instead, he's worried about the unchecked power of accumulations of capital that come with creating a class of bankers.
So even as this generation of Americans became comfortable with the idea of using the corporate form as a way to set priorities and mobilize capital, they did their best to make sure that those institutions were subordinate to elected officials and representative government. They saw corporations as corrupting influences on both the economy at large and on government — that's why they described the East India Company as imperium in imperio, a sort of “state within a state.” This wasn't an outcome they were looking to replicate.
What changed in the interim?
Well, we have a Civil War, and to prevent former Confederate states from infringing on the rights of freed slaves, the 14th Amendment extends “equal protection” to all American citizens. Section 1 specifies that this applies to all “persons” and in an 1886 Supreme Court case involving a railroad, the court's reporter — a former railroad president — writes a note saying that the justices agreed that a corporation qualified as a person. This isn't in the opinion itself, and some legal historians think it's a moot issue, but Justices William Douglas and Hugo Black later cite it as a momentous event. Either way, what's clear is that in the late 19th century, far more equal protection cases were heard by the Supreme Court where corporations were plaintiffs than freedmen. The Court — not the legislatures or the Congress — allowed the personhood distinction to slip away.
Some legal scholars defend the granting of personhood to corporations as a useful innovation — it allows corporations to enter into contracts, for instance. Do they have a point?
Yes. One of the original purposes of corporate charters in the United States was to allow groups of people to file lawsuits, and be sued, in courts. But it wasn't absolutely necessary — if you and your partners formed a joint-stock company, you created an entity that had bylaws and directors and could enter into contracts and enforce them in courts. What the corporate charter did was grant additional privileges to this basic joint-stock company framework. In the case of state-sanctioned infrastructure projects — turnpikes and bridges — corporations usually held monopolies or exclusive rights of some kind. In the case of early American banks, their biggest privilege was limited liability and favored status as deposit institutions for state revenues, which usually gave them de facto monopolies.
So the corporation doesn't merely arise because it's a convenient legal form. Instead, it was a useful tool for capital formation because it carried economic privileges that protected investors and enabled them to externalize all kinds of risks and costs. That's why charters are difficult to obtain in early America. You have to spend political capital to get one passed through two legislative houses and signed by a governor's pen.
When general incorporation acts are eventually adopted by states in the early nineteenth century, the states' intent is to level the playing field and disentangle themselves from the political power — and burden — of choosing among rival groups of charter-seekers. The intent of these laws is therefore the opposite of what the Court asserted in Citizens United. Free incorporation was meant to limit the power of corporations by democratizing the corporate form through dilution. It was supposed to be a giant leap in distinguishing between public and private spheres of activity.
MUMBAI: On the eve of the state polls, a religious head has come out openly to tell his community to vote for the
. While Christian, Muslim and
leaders have asked their respective flocks to back the right candidates, the
high priest has explicitly urged the community to support
and the
.
BJPBohraParsiNarendraModiBJPAlthough Parsi votes hardly count, considering their insignificant numbers, the statement of Khurshed Dastur, the high priest of the Iranshah fire temple in Udvada, the most revered place of worship for the community, has raised eyebrows. This is the first time a high priest has expressed his opinion on a political issue.Dastur's appeal, co-signed with two others, said, “At the 1,290th birthday celebrations of the Iranshah, then Gujarat CM Narendra Modi heaped praise on the Parsi community and its achievements. He has expressed his desire to declare Udvada a showpiece for peace and harmony. He has, as PM, promised his support to preserve Udvada's sanctity.”It further said, “The Modi government has kick-started the economy. The PM's diplomacy has put our nation back on the international high table and secured foreign investments. The Parsi community, unfortunately, has no presence on the political stage...We appeal to the community to strengthen the hands of the PM by voting for the BJP.”Industrialist and civic activist Cyrus Guzder slammed the appeal as “an attempt to curry favour with the Gujarat government”. He said, “It is completely inappropriate for a high priest to influence the community on non-religious issues.” Nawaz Mody, ex-head of the Bombay University's department of civics and politics, called Dastur's appeal “unprecedented” and “unusual”. “I can't say whether it is right or wrong. But Modi had intervened when land close to the Udvada fire temple was sought to be sold to a builder some years ago. The support to him comes from that incident,'' she said.For ex-professor of archaeology and history at JNU Shereen Ratnagar, “No religious head has the right to tell members who to vote for. This is a secular society.” However, publisher Maneck Davar, who also signed the statement, said, “This is not a religious appeal. A high priest can hold a political view. It is vital for Parsis to be politically aware.”For years Parsis had blindly supported one party “but everything changed in the 2014 polls”, he added.
A new report states that NBC paid off a former employee who claimed she was sexually harassed by Chris Matthews when she used to work on his show.
According to The Daily Caller, a former assistant producer for Hardball spoke with network executives in 1999 and complained about some sexually-charged comments Matthews made about her. The report states that Matthews was “formally reprimanded” after a review on the matter, but even though his remarks were considered “inappropriate” and “juvenile,” the network determined they were not intended as propositions.
Nonetheless, two sources told Daily Caller that the network paid Matthews' accuser $40,000 to settle the incident.
NBC addressed the report by confirming that there was a separation-related compensation involved when the woman left the network. However, the network disputed the $40,000 figure, insisting that the package was actually a lot smaller than that.
The news about old accusations against Matthews come in as the country continues to reel from sexual misconduct scandals that have impacted everything from the entertainment and media businesses to government.
Late last month, NBC fired TODAY host Matt Lauer when multiple accusations of inappropriate behavior came to light. NBC also recently parted ways with Morning Joe contributor Mark Halperin.
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Mitt Romney has been talking up Rep. Paul Ryan's bipartisan credentials since he unveiled the congressman as his running mate early Saturday. But the mild-mannered Wisconsinite's record reveals a near-total absence of Democratic support for his many ambitious proposals, very few of which have won enough support to become law.“This guy's a real leader,” Romney told CBS News on Sunday. “He's reached across the aisle. He's worked with Democrats, Republicans. Tried to take on the toughest issues America faces.”
On the campaign trail in Florida Monday, Romney again praised Ryan for “working across the aisle” to find solutions to the nation's problems.
The argument belies Ryan's storied record as a no-compromise conservative ideologue, an approach that has become more rigid during the Obama administration. He has become his party's visionary on sweeping proposals to remake the federal budget, wedding nearly all Republicans to a blueprint that has failed to win over a single Democrat.
In almost 13 years as a congressman, Ryan has proposed just two bills that have passed and become law, one of which involved renaming a post office in his district. It's a low number by any standard, but particularly for a chairman of the powerful Budget Committee. He has introduced many bills, including a Social Security privatization measure in 2004 so far-reaching that the Bush White House called it “irresponsible.”
Statistics peg Ryan as a staunch conservative. According to the DW-Nominate metric, Ryan's voting record makes him almost as conservative as Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-MN), and more conservative than Rep. Allen West (R-FL). By the same measurement, Ryan is the most right-wing member of Congress to be selected for vice president since at least 1900, according to data analyzed by the New York Times.
Ryan has also thwarted bipartisan efforts at debt reduction, an issue he frequently touts as a top national priority. He attacked and voted against the Bowles-Simpson deficit plan in late 2010, which would have reduced the nation's budget shortfall by trillions of dollars with a combination of spending cuts and new revenues. “It does not fix the problem,” he has said.
The Romney campaign's lone evidence that Ryan is a bipartisan leader amounts to a vague blueprint he co-wrote with Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) late last year that mirrors key elements of his Medicare plan. Wyden voted against Ryan's budget and said Romney's characterization of their work was dishonest.
“Governor Romney is talking nonsense. Bipartisanship requires that you not make up the facts,” Wyden's office said in a statement. “I did not ‘co-lead a piece of legislation.' I wrote a policy paper on options for Medicare. Several months after the paper came out I spoke and voted against the Medicare provisions in the Ryan budget. Governor Romney needs to learn you don't protect seniors by makings things up, and his comments sure won't help promote real bipartisanship.”
Even in his lukewarm way, Wyden remains the only Democrat to support any aspect of Ryan's Medicare vision, which partially privatizes the program.
Share. From Ka-rime to Ka-tet. (Sorry) From Ka-rime to Ka-tet. (Sorry)
Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul has had a "ton of meetings" to star as Eddie Dean in The Dark Tower movie/TV adaptation, he's confirmed at this year's Sundance Film Festival.
A TV or movie adaptation of Stephen King's eight book series has been gestating for many a year now, with various studios and directors struggling to twist King's epic source material into some semblance of shape. Last September Ron Howard, the director currently attached to the beast, assured fans he hadn't forgotten about the project, saying that he and producer Brian Grazer had taken a vow of silence due to rabid media interest.
Now, Breaking Bad star Paul has revealed that not only is the project still alive, but he's had "a ton" of meetings about playing central character Eddie Dean.
"I just had a general sit down with Ron Howard, who is a huge fan of the show (Breaking Bad, naturally)," Paul told Ain't it Cool News at Sundance, "which is such a crazy thing to even think that Ron Howard even knows who I am. They're definitely planning on making it."
While Paul is only halfway through reading the series, he's aware of what a great character Dean is.
"I'm excited. Their goal is to do three films, but also have a television element to it, which will be very interesting. From what I hear, Eddie Dean is a pretty epic, iconic character."
While this is far from absolute confirmation of Paul's involvement, it's certainly a heartening update on the elusive adaptation. Paul will next be seen in the movie adaptation of Need for Speed, opening in the States March 14.
Exit Theatre Mode
Lucy O'Brien is Entertainment Editor at IGN AU. Follow her ramblings on IGN or Twitter.
Story highlights Tim Kaine carries six harmonicas with him
He is Clinton's vice presidential pick
Asheville, North Carolina (CNN) Sen. Tim Kaine headed down south to the land of the pines and pulled out his harmonica to play some "Wagon Wheel" during a stop in North Carolina Monday evening.
Hillary Clinton's running mate is known for his harmonica prowess.
"I have six harmonicas in my briefcase at all times," he told CNN's New Day last month. (Harmonicas come in different keys.)
.@timkaine headed down south to the land of the pines to play some Wagon Wheel at Asheville's Catawba Brewing Co pic.twitter.com/u87MrrupnB — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) August 16, 2016
After an Asheville rally, the Virginia senator joined his wife and staff for some traditional North Carolinian fare and two pitchers of Wicked Weed "Pernicious" beer at Buxton Hall Barbecue.
He wandered across the hall to Catawba Brewing Company and pulled out his mouth harp, joining performers Nikki Talley and Jason Sharp for some live music.
Read More
This is a list of political parties in the United States, both past and present.
Parties with federal representation [ edit ]
Current United States Congressional seats
Political Parties House of Representatives Senate Republican Party 199 53 Democratic Party 235 45 Independent 0 2
Congressional leadership of the House of Representatives
Congressional leadership of the Senate
The Vice President of the United States has the additional duty of President of the Senate. It is the Vice President's duty as President of the Senate to cast a tie-breaking vote in the event that "they be equally divided"—an equal number of Senators voting both for and against a motion.
Parties with state representation [ edit ]
Major political parties [ edit ]
Per Merriam-Webster, a major party has "electoral strength sufficient to permit it to win control of a government usually with comparative regularity and when defeated to constitute the principal opposition to the party in power."[4] In the United States, only the Democratic and Republican parties meet this definition.
Minor political parties [ edit ]
This listing of minor parties does not include independents.
Regional parties [ edit ]
These parties are based only in states or certain regions and rarely, if ever, offer candidates for national offices. These are all parties that are unaffiliated with national parties. Each state has official state chapters of the major parties as well as some of the minor parties.
Alaska [ edit ]
California [ edit ]
Connecticut [ edit ]
Delaware [ edit ]
Hawaii [ edit ]
Michigan [ edit ]
Minnesota [ edit ]
Maryland [ edit ]
New York [ edit ]
Northern Mariana Islands [ edit ]
Ohio [ edit ]
Oregon [ edit ]
Puerto Rico [ edit ]
Rhode Island [ edit ]
South Carolina [ edit ]
Utah [ edit ]
U.S. Virgin Islands [ edit ]
Vermont [ edit ]
Washington [ edit ]
Wisconsin [ edit ]
Virginia [ edit ]
Historical parties [ edit ]
The following parties are no longer functioning.
Non-electoral organizations [ edit ]
These organizations do not nominate candidates for election but otherwise function similarly to political parties. Some of them have nominated candidates in the past.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
I am excited to announce that I have been chosen as the next Fleshlight Girl!
This is such an honour and privilege to be given the opportunity to represent the world's top selling male sex toy. I'm also really excited to be the very first Australian Fleshlight Girl and I know that my Aussie fans are going to be very excited to have a hometown girl to support.
The Fleshlight is a male masturbation device designed for penetration. The Angela White Fleshlight is being created as I write this and the final product should be available in stores in time for XXXmas! My sleeve has been custom molded directly from my body so very soon you will be able to take home an exact replica of my vulva and anus that you can pleasure yourself with while you watch my movies.
We are currently brainstorming about what my unique textures will be called.
Thank you to all my fans and especially to my members for all your love and support. There are many more fantastic surprises to come in 2014 and I can't wait to reveal them to you!
Edit: My Fleshlights are now available!
Click here to BUY YOUR FLESHLIGHT today.
One of the best things about one of the best games out there, Skyrim, is the ability to use mods to personally tailor the PC gaming experience. I have played around with creating some of my own mods (like this waterfall house), but my absolute favorite, and must-have mod was a Roman Imperial Armor and Weapons one made by Jedo Dre.
On the whole, we are poorly served by adventure games set in the Roman world, despite there being a lot of Roman themed games out there. Rome Total War is a decent strategy challenge, but gameplay is mostly set battles and a mix of Risk/Civilization resource micromanaging. There have been a few city-builder games using Roman architecture, but none actually allow you to play as a Roman. There was a short-lived independent MMORPG called Roma Victor that attracted some attention (especially from the Nova Roma types), but another called Gods and Heroes was cancelled before launch. Fallout New Vegas had a Caesar's Legion faction, but joining it required playing as an amoral character, which I never do. According to the trailer, the upcoming Ryse: Son of Rome, with its depressing Call-Of-Duty-esque macho posturing and over-the-top violence porn, looks absolutely dismal.
So, for folks like myself who love open-world games, Skyrim is king, and with mods I have the ability to adventure dressed as a a version of an ancient Roman. Since one of the major factions in the game are the Romanesque Imperials, it was relatively easy to justify the costume in the world, adapting it to the fantasy setting.
When I play a game like Skyrim, I want to identify with and develop a strong fondness for my character. I'm not always sure game devs realize this, given the often unattractive character design options included in such games (or specifically straight devs with regard to male character design, since the female characters are always buxom and beautiful while the male skins are usually cartoonish or ugly). Vanilla Skyrim is definitely an example of this (with a huge discrepancy between male and female attractiveness in appearance choices), so modding also allowed me to improve the look of my character, as well as giving him a set of fantasy-inspired Roman armor.
Below is an image gallery of my adventures as a Roman throughout the world of Skyrim (each image opens as a larger version):
The stealth archer Atmospheric snow covered ruins Taking down a centurion (the other kind) Surveying Skyrim Guided by a favorite firefly lantern mod Roman in Skyrim Decided not to jump Another view of the firefly lantern mod Tomb hunting Looking out over a very cold sea My friend the crow Not sure if he's friendly or not The stunning vistas of Skyrim I built a mod house atop this waterfall. Bloody bandits Walk or teleport? Catching salmon in the river Playing with an “animal friend” mod Playing with an “animal friend” mod “Animal friend” mod does not work on dragons Running away from danger Even the ugly scrubland is beautiful in Skyrim I amassed a huge collection of wonderful bows The Roman, the vampire, and the troll The Roman mod I used also changed all the imperial troops' armor to lorica Soon before the proposal Cleaning up the dirty city of Riften
Zee Media Bureau/Ritu Singh
New Delhi: Prakash Javadekar, India`s Environment minister has taken a bold stand on the carbon emissions issue and stated a stark and inevitable truth.Though he emphasised on the fact that India is committed to reduce carbon emissions, it may increase in the process of development and poverty eradication.
Speaking at a function on the occasion of the "World Day to Combat Desertification" he stressed on the fact that India, as a developing nation, needs to grow and prosper and in that process there is no denying the fact that carbon emissions will substantially increase. World`s climate is being ravaged by these carbon emissions, but it is a necessary evil for the nations that want to develop. Economic development and carbon emissions go hand in hand.
“We have to reduce our carbon emissions. But I have not created the carbon emisssion problems, which have been done by others. But I am not into any blame game. The issue is that I have a right to grow. India and developing countries have the right to grow. These are the emerging economies``, he said at the ongoing function.
Calling poverty an "environmental disaster", Javadekar further said, "Unless we tackle poverty, unless we eradicate poverty, we cannot really address climate change." "To that end, we need to grow. Our net emissions may increase".
Andrew Nikiforuk's April 3 article was a full and accurate summary of the major points addressed in my inquiry into the transparency and reliability and of the double discount thesis.
Canadian Oil Producers' Crocodile Tears read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Having read the web postings submitted by readers that followed the article, and a new CIBC piece, I thought it useful to provide additional information, address comments raised, and dispel a few of the myths still swirling about.
CIBC World Markets on April 3 claimed Canada stands to lose $50 billion over three years. "Economist Peter Buchanan forecasts that this 'money left on the table' will be about $20-billion this year, $15.2-billion in 2014 and $16.5-billion a year later," reported The Globe and Mail.
The majority of western Canadian crude is produced by a handful of integrated companies -- Suncor, Imperial, Husky and Cenovus -- with direct and indirect refinery interests in Canada and the U.S. There is no "money left on the table" for the majority of our exports because the revenue never lands there. The four major integrated Canadian oil producers account for about 1.13 million barrels a day of U.S. refinery demand for discounted crude.
Debunking the 'double discount'
When western Canadian oil producers have downstream operations and the prices for their refined commodities such as gas, jet fuel and diesel are based on international benchmarks like Brent, refinery margins balloon. Lower crude feedstock prices at the refinery gate become a transfer between profit centres -- like moving money from one pocket to the other in the same pair of pants.
I wrote Mr. Buchanan and asked why he had not considered the benefit Canadian oil producers receive when they purchase western Canadian crude for use in their refineries. They are able to profit because they did not pay Brent, but charge consumers as if they did.
I also asked why the pipeline transportation costs of getting our crude to the US Gulf Coast were not netted off the differential and why no consideration was given to value lost in Canada when bitumen is exported for upgrading and refining in other countries. I asked if he would please provide the prices, differentials, and volumes relied upon to create his vast estimates.
After aggressive public promotion and extensive media coverage of CIBC's estimate and assertion by the bank that "the failure to invest in needed transportation infrastructures could still prove costly for Canadian producers, governments and the economy" Mr. Buchanan refused to address the substantive issues and would not be accountable for his figures. He told me "the details are only available to major institutional clients of the firm, as is the case with the other things that we publish."
If bank economists and financial analysts -- with declared conflicts of interest -- are not willing to be accountable or transparent for the figures they release publicly, their figures should not be trusted.
The double discount thesis is made up of two components -- western Canadian crude discounted to the North American benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) and because WTI has become discounted to international benchmarks such as Brent, we are told there is a further hit.
The thesis ignores the fact that western Canadian crude has always sold at a discount to WTI because of differences in quality. Last year was essentially no different from expected norms. The first part of the double discount narrative is not consistent with the facts -- there is no "double" in the double discount.
The 'opportunity loss' myth
The second step in the double discount thesis tries to go beyond traditional western Canadian crude markets and postulates that our crude could get the international price if it reached the Gulf Coast or Asia.
Proponents argue that when these new markets are accessed, the price received on one barrel will raise the price on all barrels, providing a windfall to government revenues and the economy.
The fallacy of this narrative becomes apparent when the size of the transfer within integrated operations is recognized, and as one reader suggested, we consider the volume of western crude that already makes its way to markets that are not landlocked.
About 650,000 barrels a day -- roughly 30 per cent of western Canadian crude exports --makes their way to international markets along Trans Mountain to the west coast or by way of Seaway and Pegasus to the Gulf Coast.
If these barrels do not receive world prices then the whole double discount exercise is a waste of time. If they do, these barrels cannot be included in the opportunity loss calculation.
Roughly 2.2 million barrels a day of western Canadian crude is exported. Netting off the integrated barrels for Canadian producers receiving the international price through their refinery operations and the barrels that make their way to coastal markets means the number falls by about 1.8 million barrels a day. This leaves us with roughly 400,000 barrels a day.
These remaining barrels are represented primarily by the Koch Brothers through Flint Hills Resources Canada LP. They claim they buy 320,000 barrels a day of western Canadian crude for their Pine Bend refinery in Minnesota. The Koch Brothers have a vested interest in buying low and selling into their downstream operations where they make huge profits through their refinery margins. They don't plan to send that oil to the Gulf Coast any time soon.
We are left with less than 100,000 barrels a day produced in western Canada that might be subject to a potential opportunity cost for producers because of lack of access to world prices.
Some crude is shipped by rail to market. Baytex is moving about 20,000 barrels a day by rail and Cenovus says they are nearing 10,000 barrels a day. Industry estimates place total rail transport out of western Canada at about 100,000 barrels a day. Thus, there are no western Canadian crude volumes to multiply against a pricing discount, even if one existed, particularly since rail is not necessarily a more expensive transportation option than oil pipelines.
In fact, producers are finding rail to be a very competitive option for light oil because of its flexibility and claim it can be cheaper than pipeline transport for bitumen. Unlike diluted bitumen, which requires expensive imported condensate, rail requires little if any diluent and avoids the "diluent penalty" of as much as $9 a barrel above a pipeline toll rate.
Petro industry's interests aren't Canada's
As the industry expands and rapidly extracts bitumen for shipment down pipelines --along with the value-added jobs and environmental standards -- they will try to resort to this fallacious discount argument. They will invoke sophisticated sounding spreads like Brent to SCO and Maya to WCS and use them to claim raw diluted bitumen export is better for Canada than upgrading bitumen to SCO in Alberta before it's exported.
Western Canadian light oil can be represented by Synthetic Crude Oil (SCO), which is upgraded oil sands bitumen. This is the grade Suncor, Syncrude, Shell, Canadian Natural Resources and Nexen make in their upgraders. Capacity is 1.3 million barrels a day but current production is running closer to 900,000 barrels a day. Some SCO is consumed in Alberta's refineries and transformed into higher valued refined products -- the products they charge us for at world prices.
Western Canadian heavy oil can be represented by Western Canadian Select (WCS) but it must be remembered that WCS is the highest quality bitumen blend, and only about 300,000 barrels a day are produced. Other diluted bitumen blends, like Cold Lake Blend, would be expected to sell at an even greater discount than WCS for quality reasons.
Pipeline proponents like to compare WCS to Maya, a heavy Mexican crude imported into the Gulf Coast. WCS is of a slightly lesser quality than Maya because of its sulfur content and there are fewer refineries in the Gulf Coast that can accept it. Prior to the WTI – Brent decoupling when Maya's price skyrocketed, WCS had a quality discount to Maya of approximately $6 a barrel.
To compare SCO to a light oil equivalent like Brent in the Gulf Coast and see if there is an arbitrage opportunity the roughly $10 per barrel transportation cost must be considered. To compare WCS to heavy oil equivalent like Maya, transportation costs and the natural differential must be included. They aggregate to at least $16 a barrel.
On April 5, 2013 the SCO spot price was $104.66 CDN. The differential between Brent and SCO did not even cover transportation as it was negligible at $1.44 CDN and suggests no market incentive to seek out new markets for SCO. No opportunity loss there.
On April 5, 2013 the differential between Maya and WCS was $19.81 CDN. Netting off quality and transportation means the actual opportunity cost of getting a barrel of WCS to the Gulf Coast was less than $4 per barrel -- not the almost $20 a barrel the double discount deceptionists would have us believe. And with all barrels already accounted for, there can be no opportunity lost for Canadian oil producers, regardless of the spread.
The Canadian public is being subjected to a misleading narrative and a misrepresentation of the facts by financial institutions, who like the government of Canada, are behaving as marketing executives for Big Oil.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – The New England Revolution announced today that the club has completed the signing of forward Timi Mulgrew. A native of Sterling, Virginia, Mulgrew joins the Revs after being on trial with the club throughout the preseason, appearing in all six games that the Revs played and tallying one assist. Per club and league policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Mulgrew played four years of college soccer at George Mason University, scoring 26 goals and adding 12 assists in 74 games for the Patriots. He scored a career-best 13 goals as a senior in 2014, including seven game-winning goals, which were tied for the most in NCAA Division I at the end of the regular season. A First Team All-Atlantic 10 selection as a senior after leading the conference in scoring, Mulgrew helped lead the Patriots win the A-10 Tournament and reach the second round of the NCAA Tournament during his junior season in 2013. That finish matched George Mason's best postseason finish since 1982.
Prior to arriving at George Mason, Mulgrew spent 14 years playing club soccer for Great Falls Soccer Club in Great Falls, Va.
Mulgrew and the Revolution will be back in action this weekend when they face the Montreal Impact on Saturday, March 21 in the club's home opener. That game will kick off at 3 p.m. and will be shown on Comcast SportsNet while 98.5 The Sports Hub and Nossa Radio USA will carry the game locally on the radio in English and Portuguese respectively.
Season tickets for the Revs' 2015 season are on sale and start at $351 for lower bowl seating, which allows extraordinary access to the Revolution at Gillette Stadium. The 18-game season ticket package includes a host of amenities and special access events with the team. Call 1-877-GET-REVS or visit revolutionsoccer.net for more information about these plans or any other ticket option.
For up-to-the-minute information on the Revolution, visit the team's official web site at revolutionsoccer.net, or join the conversation and interact with fans on any of the team's social platforms.
TRANSACTION: New England Revolution (MLS) – Sign forward Timi Mulgrew
TIMI MULGREW
Pronunciation: timmy mull-grew
Jersey Number: 92
Position: Forward
Height: 5-9
Weight: 155 lbs.
D.O.B.: September 16, 1992 in Sterling, Va.
Hometown: Sterling, Va.
Last Club: --
College: George Mason
Nationality: United States
Twitter: @timiLmulgrew
How Acquired: Signed by the Revolution on March 18, 2015
Iowa Lineman Josh Koeppel Trucked By A Truck While Riding Moped (Video)
Video Playback Not Supported
Iowa Hawkeyes' center Josh Koeppel has been competing for a starting job with the son of head coach Kirk Ferentz, and while it appears as though he was destined to finish in second in that competition, it was not the only battle he would lose this week. Early Monday morning, Koeppel was taking his moped out for a ride around the Iowa campus when he was met by a Ford F-150. Needless to say, the F-150 would come out on top in that head-to-head battle.
Here is footage of the incident.
Koeppel was able to walk away from the accident with only a few bumps, bruises and cuts, but according to Ferentz, he will not dress for the Hawkeyes' season opener against Eastern Illinois. We still aren't sure if that is because of any sustained injuries from the accident, or simply a coach's decision to give his son the opportunity to start.
Hat Tip – [Deadspin]
Tags:
Share This
It's been almost three months since Google lead a $542 million round of funding for the Magic Leap, an augmented reality project shrouded in mystery. Aside from vague claims about a "biomimetic Dynamic Digitized Lightfield Signal," the CEO of Legendary Pictures calling it "jaw-dropping," and Neal Stephenson becoming the project's "Chief Futurist," we still don't know much at all.
That changed this week when a massive Magic Leap patent application appeared on the US Patent and Trademark Office's website. Patent filings are inherently broad in scope, especially for big companies like Google. (Apple is notorious for this.) Many of the ideas at play here may never make it to the final version of Magic Leap, but that doesn't mean what's inside isn't fun to dream about.
It starts off innocently enough with some seemingly obvious drawings of what the device could look like, how it might work, and the general applications it could be used for:
That's where it starts getting weird. Everything from the gamification of cucumber chopping to interactive charm bracelets gets theorized:
Then, the Magic Leap dystopia appears. The drawings reveal a possible future where Magic Leap will allow a bachelor to not only interact with and photograph a football game from his couch (something tells me the NFL would have a problem with this), but also "hang" a virtual Quantum of Solace poster for on his wall for some reason, probably because he likes loneliness.
In the supermarket, a mother's shopping experience will be enhanced and augmented with things like a virtual grocery list displayed right on the handle. (Gender roles appear to be the one thing no one thought to develop in this version of the future.) Meanwhile, her child can play a brand-sponsored virtual game in which a monster pops out from behind the cereal boxes — because if there's one thing that can enhance everyone's shopping experience it's hallucinatory children screaming in terror.
The Twilight Zone / Black Mirror-ish world expands from there, with doctors (male, of course) showing a patient a 3D-model of her heart before she stares off into a beachy abyss, her gaze unbroken.
The more things change, though, the more they stay the same. Elsewhere in the future, an AR-assisted Carl Spackler is still chasing that gopher:
Jokes aside, Magic Leap has revolutionary potential, which is why we're all anxious to see it in action. But while the possibilities are the stuff of dreams, I now know for sure what my nightmares are about to look like.
2 Shares
Sasha Banks swerved WWE fans this week when she teased that she had some ‘bad news' on RAW. During her promo, she said things like “every story has a final chapter', with tears in her eyes. This made many fans think she was going to retire due to her injury issues. It turned out to be a ruse and Sasha was just pulling our chains.
According to a report from the latest Wrestling Observer Newsletter (subscription required but recommended), some WWE stars are unhappy with Sasha's recent promo on RAW. The report says that the angle was looked at as being in bad taste by some and was disrespectful to guys like Daniel Bryan and Edge who actually were forced to retire in similar moments. Career-ending injuries are obviously a sensitive sunject to some backstage as they have seen their friends go through it.
There are comparisons made to Mark Henry's fake retirement a couple of years ago but he used the moment to turn heel. We have heard from Lance Storm recently, who didn't understand why Sasha would tease the fans like that as a babyface.
[irp posts=”15548″ name=”Lance Storm Disliked Sasha Banks Screwing With Fans On RAW”]
It should be noted that the issue isn't with Sasha herself, but with WWE creative for using career ending injuries as an angle.
You can subscribe to the Wrestling Observer Newsletter for around $10 bucks a month!
Let us know what you think in the comment section below. What is your opinion on the angle? Did the WWE go to far or was that just good television and writing?
If you're not much of a church-goer, then the word “tithing” probably sounds like a cockney guy with a lisp getting ready to taze you, but in the evangelical circles where Ted Cruz hopes to find his advantage in Iowa, it is an Old Testament guideline that sets the level of an individual's charitable giving at ten percent of their income. That custom has now become part of the Republican presidential campaign.
I grew up in a fundamentalist Christian church, so I can attest to the fact that tithing is really important to some pastors, but most Christians wouldn't judge someone on this standard because even the churchiest among us gives the side-eye to this convenient bit of New Testament-ignoring self-service, and are more inclined to heed the two Corinthians on this: “Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.”
But in Republican politics, what the pastors think really matters, so CBN's David Brody asked Cruz about a recent story concerning his failure to tithe, and Cruz chalked it up to a long-ago time of financial struggle as a newly-married man:
Ted Cruz: “Listen on the question of tithing, all of us are on a faith journey, and I will readily admit that I have not been as faithful in this aspect of my walk as I should have been” “That article focuses on ten years ago. We don't have the ability to go back and change what occurred ten years ago when Heidi and I were newly married and we'd just started a family. But at the end of the day, being a Christian is not about holding yourself out as righteous. It's about beginning with the understanding that we are flawed sinners and we are saved not by deeds but by Christ's redemption. I am grateful that God is a patient and forgiving God and this area, as in many areas of my life I am working to do a better job walking in my faith.”
Look, the real answer to this question is that nobody tithes, not even that guy at your church who sings all the hymns without looking at the book and scowls like you farted every time someone reads a verse from a New International Version, but if you're going to engage the question, Jesus would like it if you told the truth.
The story he references, first of all, doesn't focus on “ten years ago,” it covers Ted's tax returns for a five-year period that ended five years ago. From 2006 to 2010, Ted Cruz made $5,064, 248.00 and gave $44,000.00 to charity. That's 0.86% of his income, or about 8.6% of a tithe. In 2006, when Cruz made “only” $350 grand, he and Heidi weren't “newly married,” they'd been married for five years, and they weren't “starting a family,” they didn't have kids until 2008.
The thing is, Ted Cruz knows he's not telling the truth, because this issue also came up during his campaign for U.S. Senate, and he threw an entirely different piece of spaghetti at the wall that time:
Asked to explain, the Cruz campaign told News 8 Cruz also donates many hours of his time to charitable and educational endeavors.
I guess with $5 mil to account for now, it's tough to make the case that Cruz did $500,000.00 worth of soup kitchen shifts.
Look, I'll be the first one to admit that it's garbage for liberal outsiders to try and attack Ted Cruz over a custom that they, themselves, think is silly, and Cruz could have responded to this in any number of ways. The doctrine of tithing isn't widely practiced or believed. But if you're going to treat it seriously, then make Jesus happy and tell the truth.
Update: a SuperPAC supporting Mike Huckabee has just started running an ad in Iowa that features two very concerned-looking white ladies discussing all the things they've “heard” about Cruz, including this:
He doesn't tithe?
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
August 13, 2015 Dangerous Heat Wave From Poland to Ukraine and Romania This Week
By By Eric Leister, Meteorlogist August 13, 2015, 1:53:10 AM EDT
An unrelenting heat wave will continue to have a firm grip on eastern Europe for much of this week. Across Germany, the heat will come in pulses as shots of cooler air bring only temporary relief.
While the jet stream and resultant storm track remain draped over the United Kingdom and western Europe, a ridge of high pressure will stay firmly entrenched over Poland, Ukraine and surrounding areas through at least midweek.
Temperatures will soar daily into the lower and middle 30s C (near 90 to middle 90s F) in Warsaw, Minsk, Kiev and Vienna. Highs around 23 C (75 F) are more common this time of year.
Amid this current heat wave, Warsaw set a new all-time August high temperature record on Saturday when the temperature peaked at 36.6 C (97.9 F). The previous record was 36.4 C (97.5 F) from August 1994, according to AccuWeather Meteorologist Tyler Roys.
The temperature surpassed at 32 C (90 F) on Tuesday, marking the eighth straight day of temperatures reaching that threshold. A weak cold front approaching from the north may keep temperatures below 32 C (90 F) on Thursday; however, the intense heat will return from Friday into the weekend.
While most summers feature at least a few days of 32 C (90 F) heat in Warsaw, this summer has been extreme with 11 days achieving such a feat through Aug. 11. Since 1994, the only other occurrences of at least seven consecutive days of such heat were July into August of 1994 and July of 2006.
Europe: Tranquil in Paris
Little relief will come at night with temperatures remaining above normal, resulting in an elevated threat for heat-related illness as homes without air conditioning will remain warm both day and night.
The cumulative effect of the persistent heat will prove extra dangerous for residents and animals who do not find ways to keep cool. Residents are reminded to drink plenty of water, wear light clothing and never leave kids or pets unattended in a sealed car.
Strenuous activities should be avoided during the midday and afternoon hours, the hottest times of the day. If that is not possible, be sure to take frequent breaks.
RELATED:
Summer Heat Dangers: How Hot Can Outdoor Surfaces Get?
Detailed Forecast for Berlin
Detailed Forecast for Warsaw, Poland
Following a brief cooldown on Sunday, another surge of unseasonable heat arrived in Berlin on Monday and Tuesday as the temperature again climbed above 32 C (90 F).
A weak frontal boundary will bring slightly cooler air to the area Wednesday and Thursday resulting in a high near 30 C (86 F).
The heat will not release its grip on Berlin as temperatures climb back above 32 C (90 F) on Friday.
A more potent cold front will finally push across Germany this weekend bringing much cooler air along with the threat for strong thunderstorms.
This front will again struggle to push farther east into Poland and eastern Europe; however, at least some modest relief from the heat is possible early next week along with daily showers and thunderstorms.
Meanwhile, the core of the heat is likely to be entrenched across the Balkans from later this week into next week.
Report a Typo
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption The white bag still carries traces of Moon dust and small rock
A bag used by US astronaut Neil Armstrong to collect the first ever samples of the Moon has sold at auction in New York for $1.8m (£1.4m).
The outer decontamination bag from the Apollo 11 mission in 1969 was bought at Sotheby's by an anonymous bidder.
The white bag still carries traces of Moon dust and small rocks.
The auction comes after a legal battle over the ownership of the only artefact from the Apollo 11 mission which was in private hands.
After the spacecraft returned to Earth, nearly all the equipment was sent to the Smithsonian museums.
However, the bag was left in a box at the Johnson Space Center because of an inventory error.
It was then misidentified during a government auction, selling for just $995 to a lawyer from Illinois in 2015.
Nasa later tried to get the bag back, but earlier this year a federal judge ruled that it legally belonged to the buyer, who then offered it for sale at Sotheby's.
Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog,
The British Army will revive one of the most contentious special forces units of the second world war, the Chindits, as a new generation of “Facebook” warriors who will wage complex and covert information and subversion campaigns.
Get ready, social media is about to get far more treacherous than it already is. Be extra careful jumping to conclusions, always think for yourself and use your best judgement. Government psy ops are about to go into overdrive.
Gizmodo reported the following:
A new group of soldiers, referred to as “Facebook Warriors” will ” wage complex and covert information and subversion campaigns,” according to the Financial Times. This unit will be named the 77th battalion, whose number also has a historical significance. FT says:
"The original Chindits [77th battalion] were a guerrilla unit led by the swashbuckling British commander Major General Orde Wingate, one of the pioneers of modern unconventional warfare. They operated deep behind Japanese lines in Burma between 1942 and 1945 and their missions were often of questionable success."
These Facebook warriors will be using similar atypical tactics, through non-violent means, to fight their adversary. This will mainly be achieved through “reflexive control,” an old Soviet tactic of spreading specifically curated information in order to get your opponent to react in the exact way you want them to. It's a pretty tricky trick, and the British army will be doing just that with 1,500-person (or more) troop using Twitter and Facebook as a means to spread disinformation, real war truths, and “false flag” incidents as well as just general intelligence gathering.
The 77th battalion will reportedly begin operations in April.
JERUSALEM (Ma'an) -- Israeli police on Saturday prevented UN Middle East peace envoy Robert Serry from celebrating the Holy Fire ceremony in Jerusalem, a statement from his office said.
UN Middle East peace envoy Robert Serry said in a statement that he and other diplomats visited the Easter procession to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre at the invitation of Jerusalem's Palestinian Christian community.
The procession was stopped at a security checkpoint before the church "despite earlier assurances ... of unhindered access," Serry said.
"The Israeli police refused to allow such entry claiming they had orders to that effect.
"A precarious standoff ensued, ending in an angry crowd pushing their way through."
Israeli police blocked the entrances of all Old City roads leading to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre during the ceremony, refusing entry to journalists, international Christian pilgrims, and tourists. Swarms of Christians at Jaffa Gate began singing hymns upon being refused entry.
Serry said he was dismayed that a peaceful procession was disrupted by "unacceptable behavior from the Israeli security authorities."
"Once again I call on all parties to respect the right of religious freedom, granting access to holy sites for worshipers of all faiths and refraining from provocations not least during the religious holidays," he added.
An Israeli police spokesman did not answer calls seeking comment.
Believers hold that a divine fire from heaven ignites a flame in the church, built on the site where Christians say Jesus Christ was crucified, buried and resurrected.
The flame is then passed between worshipers, candle to candle.
The crowd roared as the Holy Fire was lit, in an ancient annual rite dating to the 4th century AD to symbolize the resurrection of Christ on Easter Sunday.
Just over a year ago, Scott ‘smash' MacKenzie was sitting in a cubicle, putting his environmental science degree to good use.
When the economy took a nose dive, MacKenzie was laid off, but the Lacombe native quickly found his calling.
The 29-year-old jumped full time into Muay Thai and has never looked back. After a winning at a Canadian qualifying event last year, MacKenzie will represent Canada next month at the 2017 World Muay Thai Championships in Minsk, Belarus.
“Definitely want to go and win the gold medal. I've been training super hard, I've never been in better shape. Just want to go and win,” he said.
MacKenzie took up the sport around 2010 and had his first fight in 2012, but never had the time to pursue it as hard as he liked. Now he works full-time in Calgary at Mike Miles Muay Thai and Kickboxing facility, as well as working with Fresh Start Recovery Centre, which is a men's rehab facility for recovering addicts.
“When the downturn came I got laid off, and it was kind of a blessing in disguise. I used that as an opportunity to just dedicate myself,” he said.
“I went from sitting in a cubicle, to training people martial arts.”
The nickname ‘smash' was given to him by his sister, after one too many injuries on a skateboard, and whatever else a slightly reckless kid can get into, he said. It took hold after he jumped into martial arts and suffered a number of broken bones, and also gained new significance with the loss of his job in late 2015.
He credits the support of his girlfriend Meaghan for helping him make the transition. Along with her support he's been able to devote himself to the mental aspects of Muay Thai, something that separates some of the top athletes in the world, he said.
“The biggest thing is how mental the sport is. How at the highest level, everybody can punch hard, everybody can kick hard. It's just all about when to use what weapons,” said MacKenzie.
“It's like physical chess. Very small margin for error. You have to make the right decisions on the fly. Under incredible pressure.”
The tournament-style event at the Minsk championships will be different than a typical fight night. In the latter, MacKenzie can prepare for weeks to fight one opponent, but in Belarus he will likely face five or six opponents if he hopes to capture gold in the bracket-style event.
Being ready for that type of test means a lot of high-intensity training, hours of sparring and six days a week, sometimes twice a day, visits to the gym.
“It's gruelling. Real test of who's the best,” he said.
“You just have to focus on your condition. Just being able to keep a high volume and high pace throughout the entire fight. Use conditioning as a weapon.”
MacKenzie explained that his rise in the sport, as one of Canada's premier Muay Thai fighters at 75 kg., happened rapidly and reached two pinnacle moments in the past year. The first, was facing one of the top athletes in the sport in Lima, Peru, last winter, as well as a recent bout in Calgary.
“Even though I lost, I fought one of the best guys in my weight class in the world, and it was a really close fight. That told me I'm on the same level as these guys and can beat them,” he recalled.
“My last fight in Calgary I fought a very experienced opponent from Thailand, who had about 80 or 90 fights and I just picked him apart. I know I'm ready for that level of competition.”
He's set to take off for Minsk on May 1, with the first day of competition on May 3.
byron.hackett@bprda.wpengine.com
Microsoft is rolling out an update to Outlook.com over the next few weeks, adding a few new features making the service just a tad bit better to use. These new features build on Microsoft's commitment to give your inbox new and better ways to work more and save time.
“When it comes to getting organized, Outlook.com has you covered. Starting today, we are releasing Advanced Rules and three other features, all to help you keep your inbox in top shape and make it even easier to see the email that matters to you,” Microsoft stated in an official blog post.
Microsoft has added Advanced Rules to Outlook.com, allowing you to have more control over how your emails are sorted, filed, or placed at the top of your inbox. Users can create multi-condition and multi-action rules, and even combine rules together. Optional conditions include: time constraints, email tallying, checking read/unread state of emails, and checking if the sender is a contact you know.
Here is an example of a rule: “If an unread email is older than 3 days and is from one of your contacts, mark it as important and flag it.”
Microsoft has also added the undo feature to Outlook.com. Users who delete, categorize, flag, mark as junk, or move can now undo by clicking the undo button or by typing Ctrl+Z. In-line reply allows you to directly respond to an email thread without having to launch a new view. This new feature is intended to save you time and help you track your conversations with ease.
The following improvements were also made:
Find recent conversations and other contacts you can chat with in the bottom left of your inbox. One click will launch you straight into a conversation with them.
If you're chatting with a friend on one service, but want to continue the talk on another service, now you can switch over from right inside the chat session.
You can now browse your People by filtering what service they're using (Skype, Facebook etc.). You can even see who's currently available–Icons will now appear alongside names, so you know who's able to Video, Call or just chat.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab is working on many important pieces of technology, but perhaps none are more significant than the gecko-inspired tech that could one day be better than ducttape.
Conventional tapes that we use may seem magical (all hail Lord Ducttape), but they have flaws: the adhesive loses its tackiness after a few uses, rendering it virtually useless.
Advertisement
To try and fix this flaw, NASA has been looking to the animal kingdom. Geckos can climb up things using a different approach: they use tiny hairs on the bottom of their feet, which cling to walls and provide enough stickiness. It relies on something called van der Waals force, which NASA explains:
A slight electrical field is created because electrons orbiting the nuclei of atoms are not evenly spaced, so there are positive and negative sides to a neutral molecule. The positively charged part of a molecule attracts the negatively charged part of its neighbor, resulting in “stickiness.” Even in extreme temperature, pressure and radiation conditions, these forces persist.
A van der Waals material doesn't leave any residue, like tape would, and doesn't require a mating surface like Velcro. That makes it perfect for use on the Space Station, where every gram counts. The applications are numerous: in addition to anchors for astronauts (currently in development), the gecko-like material could also equip robots to crawl around the outside of the Space Station. Just imagine how different Gravity would have been if we made this 10 years earlier.
Advertisement
[NASA]
News reports have quoted government officials making claims about a record increase in the number of income tax payers in 2016-17. Should such claims be seen as a success of demonetisation in forcing unscrupulous individuals to become a part of income tax net? An analysis of direct tax collection statistics and income tax department's income tax return (ITR) filing data calls for scepticism about any immediate claims of demonetisation leading to a dramatic turnaround in India's direct tax collections.
Union Budget 2017-18 has predicted an annual increase of 25.4% in income tax collections over revised estimate (RE) figures for 2016-17. RE figures for 2016-17 show an annual increase of 23.3% over 2015-16 actual estimates. These growth figures are the highest in this decade, and seen at face value, suggest a dramatic improvement in India's income tax base in the past one year.
However 2016-17 income tax collections need to be seen in the context of Income Disclosure Scheme 2016, which led to the disclosure of Rs65,250 crore of undisclosed income. At 45% rate of taxation, the scheme would have brought in mostly one-time extra income tax revenue of around Rs30,000 crore.
After adjusting for this value, the annual increase in income tax collections for 2016-17 seems more modest, and as a result, 2017-18 targets appear to be much more difficult.
ITR e-filing data from income tax department shows that number of ITR filings increased from 43.3 million to 52.9 million between FY16 and FY17. In absolute terms, the increase is not significantly more than what was achieved between FY15 and FY16. To be sure, the ITR filing and payment process for the previous fiscal year is still underway and income tax returns/tax payments could continue to increase. However, data available till now does not suggest a spectacular increase in India's income tax base due to demonetisation.
It is reasonable to assume that a large amount of income tax evasion happens on account of non-salaried classes, as those getting salaries have their taxes deducted at source. The income tax department classifies ITR filings on the basis of type of tax payers (see details here). At present there are nine such categories, where ITR 1 and 2 represent individuals or Hindu Undivided Family (HUFs) earnings from salaries, interest, house income etc. These categories account for close to half of ITR filings in the country. The ITR filing data for FY17 does not show any significant change in composition of ITR filings by different categories compared to previous years.
To be sure, there could still be an increase in tax collection if such elements have been forced to declare their ill-gotten wealth (result of under-reported incomes in earlier tax-returns) kept in cash to tax authorities. But for any such increase to be inferred as a result of demonetisation and not one-off gain due to Income Disclosure Scheme, the trend must sustain itself for a few years rather than being a one-off thing.
The short point is one must wait for a few years before declaring any significant victory for demonetisation in India's battle to bring undisclosed incomes in the tax net.
MLB Advanced Media, the baseball league's booming technology division, is quickly growing into one of the most crucial companies in all streaming. It powers MLB.TV. It powers WWE Network. It powers Sony's PlayStation Vue internet TV service. MLBAM has become about far more than baseball ever since America's pastime started live streams. And pretty soon, it'll be the backbone of HBO's standalone subscription product. With all of that expertise, MLB is now considering a spinoff of its technology arm, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Current proposals would see MLB.com and baseball ticketing — both currently under the MLBAM umbrella — stay with Major League Baseball, while the entire streaming business would be split off. It's big now, but only getting bigger, based on what MLB commissioner Rob Manfred told the Journal. MLBAM is holding talks with up to 40 new partners, the report says, with Manfred describing several of them as "very significant companies."
Rather than sell MLBAM wholesale, the league would prefer to keep control over the streaming company while bringing on minority investors with a stake in its continued growth and success, like Time Warner (HBO) and Sony (Vue). MLBAM took in over $100 million in 2014 and "could be valued at more than $5 billion," per the Journal.
There is no shortage of GOP candidates in this election cycle. Senators, governors, surgeons and real estate developers-turned-reality-stars all feel they have what it takes to be the nation's top executive. Many have claimed the spotlight for short moments. But perhaps the biggest threat to democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton has yet to capture the public imagination. Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is the most polished – and terrifying – candidate for people of color or those part of the LGBTQI community.
Scott Walker's strange election strategy is to be Mitt Romney | Jeb Lund Read more
For starters, Walker surpasses nearly all the other GOP candidates in his stringent beliefs on immigration. While Donald Trump bloviates about building a wall on the US/Mexico border that clearly isn't going to work, Walker believes in a more feasible but equally sinister plan to curb undocumented immigration. Walker spoke to Sean Hannity earlier in 2015 and stated he wanted to secure the border by augmenting the number of personnel and “technology”. During Walker's interview with Hannity, he spoke of undocumented immigrants as if they were part of an invading army and stated that it was an issue of “sovereignty” and “national security”. But more than ever, the people Walker speaks of as an invasive force are children from countries like Honduras and Guatemala who are attempting to escape violence in their home countries. Rand Paul, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and even Canadian born, ultra-conservative Ted Cruz have expressed openness to a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, something that Walker opposes.
Walker's great state of Wisconsin also has the dubious distinction of being a terrible place for black people to live. It has the largest achievement gap between black and white students in the nation, and the lowest reading comprehension scores for black fourth graders. Forty-nine percent of the state's African American men in their 30s have already spent time behind bars. Walker supported further disenfranchizing the black citizens of his state by supporting Voter ID laws, and he ended a program there where police collected data on the race of the people stopped by officers even though police killings of Black Americans is one of the largest issues facing the country.
Walker is also arguably anti-gay. He supported an amendment to the constitution that would give states the right to ban same-sex marriage. When he was a county executive, he opposed visitation rights for LGBT couples when one partner is in the hospital.
While it is easy to dismiss the Wisconsin governor as another face in a crowded GOP field, Walker is electable. He is somewhat of a political prodigy, having run for his first major office at the tender age of 22. He is a governor, so he can tout his high-level executive experience, something that the likes of Trump, Carson, Cruz and Rubio lack. Kasich, Pataki and Fiorina lack the name recognition to make a splash. Jeb Bush has to pay for the sins of his brother.
Some will point to the controversy over state-sponsored unions during Walker's tenure as governor as a sign that he will struggle in a general election. I see it as a sign that he can weather a storm, persevere and come out victorious. He knows when not to answer and when to pivot away from hot-button issues, which will make him less prone to laughable gaffes like Trump's.
Walker effectively hides racism and anti-gay sentiments behind a veneer of state rights and fiscal austerity. He's a savvy politician, and in a showdown with the notoriously flip-floppy Hillary Clinton, he will undoubtedly push her to the right in a general election. Clinton will want to appear pragmatic in order to woo independent voters and centrists, but Walker's reactionary conservative principles will likely shift the discourse to the right.
When we think of Wisconsin, we think of all-American products like dairy and beer. It doesn't have the anti-civil rights reputation of southern states like Mississippi or Alabama. However, Wisconsin's next big export could result in a bigger headache than any Milwaukee brew.
Mike Riggs (formerly of Reason) follows-up at the Atlantic on a story I blogged last month about Concord, NH, seeking federal bucks to buy itself an armored vehicle, where, to quote a Union-Leader story:
"Groups such as the Sovereign Citizens, Free Staters and Occupy New Hampshire are active and present daily challenges," the application stated. In addition to organized groups, it cited "several homegrown clusters that are anti-government and pose problems for law enforcement agencies."
In its grant application to DHS [to get federal money to buy a Bearcat armored vehicle for over a quarter million taxpayers bucks], the police department said New Hampshire's experience with terrorism "slants primarily towards the domestic type," and said "the threat is real and here."
As Riggs now reports:
the BearCat can drive through a hail of bullets, carry a team of soldiers, and be topped...with either a machine gun or a grenade launcher. It is basically the perfect vehicle for an urban war zone. Concord, New Hampshire, with its population of around 42,600 and a violent crime rate of 227 per 100,000 people, is of course not an urban war zone.
Then again, no town in the United States should theoretically require such weapons, yet cities of every size have them thanks to the Pentagon's congressionally approved "1033 Programs." Begun in 1994, the program allows the Department of Defense to donate weapons, vehicles, and equipment to local police departments, regardless of whether they need them (or know how to appropriately use them).....
On Monday night, protestors flooded the Concord City Council meeting, both to object to Duval's characterization of Occupy New Hampshire and the Free State Project, and to let lawmakers know they don't want a BearCat in their city. According to the Concord Monitor, protestors held signs that read, "More Mayberry less Fallujah" and "Thanks but no tanks." With 150 protestors squeezed inside the meeting, and others protesting peacefully outside, the council agreed to table its vote.
"It requires much more debate than we have time for tonight," the Monitor reported Councilor Dan St. Hilaire as saying. The city council and its protesters will revisit the BearCat question on Sept. 9.
Is this the new David Duke? Matthew Heimbach, 22, is one of the white nationalist movement's youngest leaders -- and his star is on the rise
At 22, Matthew Heimbach is a rising white nationalist star, just as eager to get into bed with graying Southern secessionists as he is with steel-toe-boot-wearing neo-Nazis.
Over the past few months, he has rallied with the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan at the invitation of Thom Robb, a Christian Identity pastor who leads the group and for whom Heimbach claims to have “great respect.” He has stood side by side with the Aryan Terror Brigade, and he plans to attend a rally this weekend with the neo-Nazi National Socialist Movement (NSM) in Kansas City on the 75th anniversary of Kristallnacht, the Nazi pogrom that left more than 90 Jews dead and some 30,000 imprisoned in concentration camps.
Advertisement:
It has been a meteoric rise for someone so young, the likes of which have not really been seen since the anti-Semite David Duke appeared on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, dressed as a neo-Nazi and railing against the “Zionist Occupied Government.”
In fact, Heimbach's profile on the radical right has risen so quickly that rumors have spread across online forums that he is privately working as a federal informant, or even as an agent of Mossad, the Israeli intelligence agency. None of that is true, Heimbach says with a wry grin. But what he is more than willing to admit is that in the years since forming the controversial White Student Union at Towson University in Maryland, where he graduated this year with a degree in history, he has been thoroughly radicalized.
“I tried to be a kosher conservative. I really, really did. I gave it my all to try and just be a conservative and try and work within these parameters. But I couldn't do it,” Heimbach told Hatewatch during a nearly four-hour interview earlier this week not far from the small town of Paoli, Ind., where he and fellow white nationalist Matthew Parrott run the Traditionalist Youth Network (TYN).
Over the course of a cordial dinner interview, Heimbach discussed all manner of things: the birth of his racist views, his plans for TYN (he claims the group has seven “shadow” chapters at universities around the country), his support of Southern nationalism and his recent ouster from the neo-Confederate League of the South (LOS.) But perhaps most surprisingly, he condemned the white nationalist wing of the radical right as a movement filled with cowardice most apparent in those unwilling to stand on the strength of their convictions.
“Our target audience are [sic] largely cowards,” Parrott said of the young students he and Heimbach are trying to recruit. Heimbach agreed. “It's cowardice,” Heimbach said. “The American dream of my parents' generation just isn't there for people of my generation. So to a certain extent, the biggest reason people say they don't want to get into the movement is because how it will hurt my career. You don't have a career anyway!”
That same charge of cowardice cannot be leveled against Heimbach. For his part, he seems willing to join anyone – from Jared Taylor, who founded American Renaissance, to Duke himself, to neo-Nazis and Klansmen (which he calls “good, Christian family men). “I'm tired of throwing comrades under the bus. And I see that's what our movement does all the time,” Heimbach said. “If someone crosses an artificial line, you just start throwing people under the bus.”
Advertisement:
According to Heimbach, that's exactly what LOS President Michael Hill, an academic who has suffered the professional consequences of his own Southern nationalist views, did when he kicked Heimbach out of the group last month.
In a Facebook posting last month, Hill wrote: “Matthew Heimbach, a former member of The League of the South, has apparently decided to cast his lot with Nazis and others who do not represent the traditional South, the Southern Nationalist movement, and The League of the South. … Neither he nor his friends will be welcome at our demonstrations.”
Heimbach laughed when asked about that ouster and said it was simply Hill having a “temper tantrum.” The League would welcome him back, he claimed, especially as its base becomes increasingly populated with the more militant new guard.
“That form of Southern nationalism from a generation ago is a teenager who wants to get in their dad's face. But when their dad gets out of his chair and reaches for his belt, he goes running into his room,” Heimbach said with a chortle. “It's ridiculous. It's reactionary.”
Advertisement:
Of course, Hill isn't the only one who has expressed concerns about the ratcheting up of Heimbach's rhetoric and activism. Parrott, who runs TYN with Heimbach, privately told Hatewatch that Heimbach's ambition had not been without consequence. “He rose so fast; he didn't kiss all the rings,” Parrott said. “I've run around and apologized to a lot of people – running interference for him.”
Is it unchecked ego behind Heimbach's rise? Bald ambition? The ignorance of youth? It's hard to say. But from the time he was 17 and picked up a copy of Pat Buchanan's Death of the West, a white nationalist tract published in 2002 that cites a bevy of racist literature, there has been no slowing Heimbach. Increasingly, he has even melded his racist views with the convictions of his spiritual beliefs, which are just as radical as his views on race.
A lapsed Catholic, he has adopted Orthodox Christianity as a justification for much of what he believes. His version includes not just the separation of the races, but also spiritual warfare and the fear that demons walk among us. “I believe in angels and demons and magic,” Heimbach said with no hint of irony. “On Halloween, I batten down the hatches and go to church and say my rosary all day.”
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (June 15, 2017) – Sacramento Republic FC will host Liga MX club CF Pachuca on Saturday, July 15 in a friendly match at Papa Murphy's Park. Kickoff is 8:00 p.m. PT. Tickets go on sale Friday, June 16 on Ticketmaster.com.
This will be the third Liga MX club that Republic FC has played, having hosted Atlas FC in each of 2014 and 2015 seasons, as well as Chivas in 2016.
“CF Pachuca is among the elite clubs in North America and a worthy opponent for Republic FC as we continue to demonstrate our readiness to take the stage as a professional soccer club,” said Republic FC Owner Kevin Nagle. “Bringing world-class talent like CF Pachuca to Sacramento continues to provide this market the opportunity to experience the excitement of the world's game.”
Founded in 1892, CF Pachuca is the oldest professional soccer club in Mexico. Recently, Los Tuzos have been one of the most successful professional soccer teams in Mexico, winning six national championships, five CONCACAF Champions' Cups, a SuperLiga championship and a Copa Sudamericana. Los Tuzos' most recently won the CONCACAF Champions League earlier this year. The club plays their home matches at the Estadio Hidalgo, a 25,000-seat stadium in the heart of Pachuca. This is the second time that CF Pachuca has come to Sacramento, previously defeating EPL club Sunderland AFC on July 17, 2015.
The friendly is included in the Republic FC season ticket package. Single match tickets will go on sale Friday, June 16 via Ticketmaster.com. A limited number of walks up tickets will be available on the day of the match when gates open at 6:30 p.m. The match will take place during the California State Fair and as such complimentary admission to the Fair is included on the day of the match with a match ticket.
On Thursday's Mark Levin show, The shooting of Republicans in Virginia was predictable as the Leftists have become increasingly lawless and extreme. This personalization of politics, where the left attacks people personally, isn't new, it's as old as Marxism. What's new is its embrace by democrat leadership. Rules for radicals pointed this out when Saul Alinsky wrote: pick the target, freeze it, personalize it and polarize it. The democrat party and media have embraced this kind of politics of the street. Of course, the shooter is responsible for his own actions but there's an atmosphere of violence that has been created by the left. The shooter loved Bernie Sanders, hated America, hated the rich, hated the system and hated President Trump. He hated everything he was told to hate by the left. Also, we have roving prosecutor, Robert Mueller, whose subject is whatever he wants to investigate, it's as broad as he chooses. He's independent from every branch of government to take down Trump. Now, Mueller is investigating Jared Kushner's business dealings. This is what happens when you have a king for a prosecutor. Who will charge the prosecutor if the prosecutor violated any laws – like leaking? Nobody. The democrats plan is to have Mueller write a report one day which they will use as a basis for impeachment, not indictment, if they can win back the house. This is their plan and the Republicans allowed it to happen and the Deputy AG, Rod Rosenstein, triggered it. Finally, Otto Warmbier is back home from North Korea after 17 months of captivity with a severe brain injury. North Korea is very good at torture, they do it to their citizens. Kim Jong-un needs to be taken out and China needs to do it.
THIS IS FROM:
National Review
The Left Embraces Political Violence
Daily Wire
NYT Says Palin Is Responsible For Giffords Shooting. Palin DESTROYS Them. NYT Issues Correction
Washington Free Beacon
Sanders Fundraised in 2011 by Falsely Blaming Sarah Palin for Tucson Shooting
Washington Post
Special counsel is investigating trump for possible obstruction of justice
Daily Caller
HuffPo Pulls Article Calling For ‘Ultimate Punishment' Of Trump
Washington Post
Special counsel is investigating Jared Kushner's business dealings
AP
Student freed by North Korea has severe neurological injury
MTV
Conservatives Are Planning To Rewrite The Constitution
MSN
The Koch Brothers Want To Rewrite The Constitution. They May Succeed
The podcast for this show can be streamed or downloaded from the Audio Rewind page.
Image used with permission of Getty Images / Drew Angerer
Police arrested two men in connection with a night of crime during New Year's Eve celebrations in Cologne linked mainly to men of North African origin, officials announced on Wednesday.
A 26-year-old man was arrested in Kerpen, 30 kilometres outside Cologne, accused of sexual assault and attempted robbery for reportedly surrounding and groping women, along with others.
Police said they had been tipped off by local residents about the man, of Algerian origin.
Another 31-year-old man in Hamm turned himself in, saying he was one of the men pictured in photos released by police on Tuesday.
Police must still determine whether the two men arrested are in fact the suspects they were looking for and both have been brought to Cologne.
Cologne police had posted images of five men they suspected of surrounding and harassing women on New Year's Eve night, before trying to steal from them.
Photo: Cologne police/DPA.
"Despite the alarming situation, we managed to find more witnesses and victims with photos of the suspects," the police wrote on Tuesday.
Some of the photos came from security cameras, others from witnesses, police say.
Authorities are asking for people who recognize the men and know where they live to report to police.
Police on Wednesday also released photos of two men who they say shot an unknown firearm into the air while part of the crowd celebrating on New Year's around the city's central train station. Cologne public prosecutors said this could constitute a weapons violation.
"It is only thanks to chance that no one was hurt," said Cologne public prosecutor Ulrich Bremer.
Photo: Cologne police
Some 1,100 complaints were filed in the wake of the attacks, and prosecutors are currently investigating 108 suspects, 13 of whom are in custody.
About 40 per cent of the complaints were of crimes of a sexual nature ranging from harassment to rape.
The New Year's Eve attacks sparked a debate in Germany about how to deal with asylum seekers found guilty of crimes and the country's ability to integrate the 1.1 million migrants who arrived in 2015.
A man found guilty of committing petty theft on New Year's Eve was the first to receive a verdict in connection to the events in the city on the banks of the Rhine, being convicted to 6 months suspended jail time.
The city's police chief has said that there is no evidence that the attacks that night were organized.
Image caption It is the first time the Commission has seen budgets before they are submitted to national parliaments
The European Commission, the European Union's executive arm, has warned Spain and Italy that their draft budgets for 2014 may not comply with new debt and deficit rules.
It also said French and Dutch plans only just passed muster.
Non-complying countries may have to revise their tax and spending plans before re-submitting them to national parliaments.
It is the first time the Commission has done this.
Flexibility
Under EU rules, eurozone member states are obliged to cut deficits until they achieve a balanced budget. They also have to reduce public debt levels.
The Commission gives countries some flexibility if their deficit is below the EU ceiling of 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) and their debt levels are falling.
But when Italy, the eurozone's third largest economy, asked for such leniency over its 2014 budget plans, the Commission refused because its public debt was still rising.
France, whose economy shrank in the third quarter, has taken steps to cut its deficit to below the 3% threshold, but its structural reform plans were only making "limited progress", the Commission said.
Analysis The new worry for the eurozone is deflation, or falling prices. It's a potentially dangerous economic problem, if it's prolonged, as it can lead to consumers delaying spending and can aggravate debt problems. New figures show that prices fell month-on-month in October for the eurozone as a whole and in 11 individual countries. Compared with a year earlier, prices were down in Greece, Cyprus and Ireland. Over the previous 12 months, prices did rise in most countries, but the rate of increase has slowed sharply across the eurozone. The European Central Bank has already taken steps to reduce the risk of deflation by cutting interest rates to a record low.
The country had "no margin" for error in reducing its public deficit, the executive warned.
Budgetary surveillance
Spain's draft 2014 spending plans were "at risk of non-compliance", said the Commission, as the country does not envisage returning to EU financial norms until 2016 at the earliest.
Other countries at risk of breaking EU finance rules included Finland, Luxembourg and Malta.
The countries coming under the Commission's "budgetary surveillance" are: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain.
Those heavily indebted countries that received EU bail-outs at the height of the financial crisis - Ireland, Cyprus, Portugal and Greece - were not included in the review.
Fragile recovery
On Thursday, official figures showed that the eurozone economy grew by just 0.1% in the July-to-September period, down from 0.3% growth in the previous quarter.
The European Central Bank (ECB) last week cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.25% in an attempt to give some impetus to the fragile recovery.
Meanwhile, the annual rate of inflation across the eurozone fell to 0.7% in October, the lowest level for four years in the 17-country currency area, the EU's statistics agency Eurostat said, confirming an earlier estimate.
This compared to a rate of 1.1% in September. The ECB's target rate is just under 2%.
The October figures revealed a sharp divergence between countries, with Germany's 1.2% contrasting with Spain's 0%.
Share this...
Half The Planet Has Not Cooperated
With The ‘Global' Warming Narrative
According to overseers of the long-term instrumental temperature data, the Southern Hemisphere record is “mostly made up”. This is due to an extremely limited number of available measurements both historically and even presently from the South Pole to the equatorial regions.
Below is an actual e-mail conversation between the Climate Research Unit's Phil Jones and climate scientist Tom Wigley. Phil Jones is the one who is largely responsible for making up the 1850-present temperature data for the Met Office in the UK (HadCRUT).
According to Peterson and Vose (1997), in 1901 the representation of maximum/minimum instrumental temperature stations in the Southern Hemisphere (SH) up through the equatorial regions (South Asia, North Africa, Central America) was negligible. Only coastal Australia had substantial instrumental representation in the early 20th century. The rest of the temperature data for the SH and equatorial regions needed to be made up to extend “global” instrumental temperature data back to 1850.
To measure the historical temperature record for the bottom half of the planet, then, scientists use proxy evidence from such sources as ice cores or alkenones to reconstruct past climates. When they do that, a common theme emerges. The proxy evidence used in temperature reconstructions suggests that there has been no significant changes in temperature from Antarctica to the regions near or just above the equator in the last few centuries. In other words, half the globe has not been following along with the anthropogenic “global” warming narrative.
Listed below are about 75 graphical reconstructions indicating no obvious warming trend during the last few hundred years of assumed anthropogenic influence on surface temperatures.
Delong et al., 2012
Ault et al., 2013
Wei et al., 2015
Rosenthal et al., 2017
“We show that water masses linked to North Pacific and Antarctic intermediate waters were warmer by 2.1°C and 1.5°C, respectively, during the middle Holocene Thermal Maximum than over the past century. Both water masses were ~0.9°C warmer during the Medieval Warm period than during the Little Ice Age and ~0.65° warmer than in recent decades.”
Jalali et al., 2016
Cheung, 2017
Fischel et al., 2017
Shevenell et al., 2011
Bird et al., 2017
Zhang et al., 2017
Dechnik et al., 2017
Kolansky et al., 2015
Dodrill et al., 2017
South America
Elbert et al., 2013
de Jong et al., 2013
von Gunten et al., 2009
De Jong et al., 2016
“[T]he reconstruction…shows that recent warming (until AD 2009) is not exceptional in the context of the past century. For example, the periods around AD 1940 and from AD 1950–1955 were warmer. … [B]ased on tree ring analyses from the upper tree limit in northern Patagonia, Villalba et al. (2003) found that the period just before AD 1950 was substantially warmer than more recent decades.”
Bertrand et al., 2014
Neukom et al., 2011
Silveira and Pezzi, 2014
Caniupán et al., 2014
Rebolledo et al., 2015
Sepúlveda et al., 2009
Shevenell et al., 2011
South Africa
Tyson et al., 2000
“The climate of the interior of South Africa was around 1°C cooler in Little Ice Age [AD 1300 to 1800] and may have been over 3°C higher than at present during the extremes of the medieval warm period [AD 1000 to 1300].”
“It was variable throughout the millennium, but considerably more so during the warming of the eleventh to thirteenth centuries. The lowest temperature events recorded during the Little Ice Age in South Africa are coeval with the Maunder and Sporer Minima in solar irradiance. The medieval warming is shown to have coincided with … the Medieval Maximum in solar radiation.”
Sánchez-Sesma, 2015
Zinke et al., 2014
Dupont et al., 2004
Weldeab et al, 2005
Powers et al., 2005
Australia, New Zealand
Parker and Ollier, 2017
“In the centre of Australia, all the stations available in a circle of radius 1,000 km were showing very little or no warming, as still acknowledged in the GHCN v2 data set up to October 2011 (Fig. 6). … Table 1 presents the warming trend for the 30 longest temperature records of Australia collected in a single location, with measurements started before 1900 and continued until after 1985. … In the 30 locations, the monthly mean maximum temperature is warming 0.0004°C/year, or 0.04°C/century. “
O'Donnell et al., 2016
Tyson et al., 2000
de Frietas et al., 2015
Jara et al., 2017
South Asia
Sunkara and Tiwari, 2016
Yan et al., 2015
Fan et al., 2009
Munz et al., 2015
Zinke et al., 2016
Thapa et al., 2015
“[T]emperature in Central Asia and northern Hemisphere revert back towards cooling trends in the late twentieth century.”
Böll et al., 2014
Loomis et al., 2015
Southern Ocean
Turney et al., 2017
“Occupying about 14% of the world's surface, the Southern Ocean plays a fundamental role in ocean and atmosphere circulation, carbon cycling and Antarctic ice-sheet dynamics. … As a result of anomalies in the overlying wind, the surrounding waters are strongly influenced by variations in northward Ekman transport of cold fresh subantarctic surface water and anomalous fluxes of sensible and latent heat at the atmosphere–ocean interface. This has produced a cooling trend since 1979.”
Jones et al., 2016
Markle et al., 2017
Bostock et al., 2013
Foster et al., 2016
Antarctica
Stenni et al., 2017
Schneider et al., 2006
Miles et al., 2013
“[O]ur spatial analysis of Antarctic meteorological data demonstrates a net cooling on the Antarctic continent between 1966 and 2000, particularly during summer and autumn.”
Mayewski et al., 2017
Turner et al., 2016
Fudge et al., 2016
“A marine sediment record from off the shore of the western Antarctic Peninsula also shows an early Holocene optimum during which surface ocean temperatures were determined to be 3.5°C higher than present. Other evidence suggests that the George VI ice shelf on the southwestern Antarctic Peninsula was absent during this early-Holocene warm interval but reformed in the mid Holocene.”
Chu et al., 2017
Albot, 2017
Whether or not paywalls will prove to be the salvation of mainstream journalism is still a hotly debated topic; but there's good reason to doubt it. At both News and Fairfax, the initial figures looked promising. But steeply rising digital subscriptions soon levelled off. In the first quarter of this year, digital subscriptions to The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald actually declined, though in the second quarter they've returned to positive growth – in the Herald's case, up nearly 10 per cent year on year. Encouraging. Until, that is, you realise that print sales, from which the Herald, like most newspapers, still derives most of its advertising revenue, fell 12 per cent. Other Fairfax newspapers, The Age included, are in a similar or worse state: print sales are declining more rapidly than digital sales are increasing. As for News Corp Australia, it won't publish digital figures for most of its tabloids. The Australian's digital subscriptions show healthy growth, and its newspaper sales are declining more slowly than Fairfax's: but The Australian has hardly ever been profitable. Its ultimate fate depends, many believe, on the longevity of its founder and champion, Rupert Murdoch, far more than on its sales figures. Now both publishers are ploughing money into mobile platforms: undoubtedly, that's where demand is strongest. But if it's tough to make a buck from a newspaper website, it's harder still extracting any kind of profit from people browsing for news on their smartphones.
The challenge is to persuade those browsers to pay for a commodity – online news – that they've never paid for before. And as last week's Essential poll shows, that's hard. Nearly 70 per cent of respondents told Essential that they would "never pay for online news and information". In an article brooding about that poll, Crikey's Myriam Robin quoted Fusion Strategy's Steve Allen: "One day, [the public] will wake up and it will be a world full of inaccurate, crappy, self-serving, biased news, and they'll be going, this is all shit." All of these stories revealed abuses of the social contract that should have been prevented by state or industry regulators. Read any string of online comments about the mainstream media – including, no doubt, the comments at the end of this column – and you'll find plenty of readers who declare that the world is already full of "crappy, self-serving, biased news" that only a mug would pay for.
Well, it's a tenable argument. But the idea that we can do without the journalism that those big newsrooms generate seems to me optimistic, to say the least. Right now we have a royal commission into the institutional treatment of child abusers: that would never have come about but for the work journalists in Victoria and NSW, at News, and Fairfax, and the ABC, most notably the Newcastle Herald's Joanne McCarthy. Now, Fairfax is slashing that paper's journalistic staff more than half. We have a royal commission into trade union corruption, following up revelations in the mainstream media of egregious misuse of members' funds at the Health Services Union and elsewhere. (It's only fair to note that the blogger Peter Wicks and the small website Independent Australia were telling us for years that Kathy Jackson, far from being a heroic whistleblower, was in fact a bigger misuserof the union's funds than Craig Thomson. Not enough people, in the mainstream media, in the Gillard and Abbott governments, or the on the royal commission's staff, paid attention.)
Fairfax Media's Adele Ferguson plugged away for years to highlight the misdeeds of the Commonwealth Bank's financial planners – helped immeasurably by former planner turned whistleblower Jeff Morris. The same journalist – this time with the help of self-styled consumer advocate Michael Fraser – revealed a month ago that the 7-Eleven chain's franchisees have been underpaying their staff for years, with the knowledge and connivance of the chain's central management. Both those stories involved collaboration between Fairfax Media and the ABC's Four Corners – a collaboration that would have been unthinkable in the days of Fairfax's rivers of gold. Four Corners' own investigation earlier this year resulted in the current inquiry into the greyhound racing industry: as in its earlier expose of the mistreatment of cattle in Indonesian abattoirs, the most damning footage came from activist organisations such as Animals Australia and Animal Liberation Queensland. All of these stories revealed abuses of the social contract that should have been prevented by state or industry regulators. But ASIC, and APRA, and the Fair Work Commission, and Racing Queensland, and the Department of Agriculture, and state and federal police forces, all proved inadequate to the task – in many cases captured by the very interests they were supposed to be regulating.
The mainstream media could do, in my opinion, with tougher regulation itself; it has its share of bullies and toadies. And often, even on its best stories, a lot of the investigative grunt work is done by others – bloggers, pressure groups and whistleblowers. But without the big audiences the mainstream media command, those stories wouldn't get traction. Indeed, without its legal clout, they might not get published at all. So it still seems to me that we need a profitable mainstream media. And if we want to keep it, we need to pay for it. Jonathan Holmes is a Fairfax columnist and a former presenter of the ABC's Media Watch program.
The partnership between the two organisations combines the graphene expertise of the Cambridge Graphene Centre (CGC), with the transistor and display processing steps that Plastic Logic has already developed for flexible electronics. This prototype is a first example of how the partnership will accelerate the commercial development of graphene, and is a first step towards the wider implementation of graphene and graphene-like materials into flexible electronics.
Graphene is a two-dimensional material made up of sheets of carbon atoms. It is among the strongest, most lightweight and flexible materials known, and has the potential to revolutionise industries from healthcare to electronics.
The new prototype is an active matrix electrophoretic display, similar to the screens used in today's e-readers, except it is made of flexible plastic instead of glass. In contrast to conventional displays, the pixel electronics, or backplane, of this display includes a solution-processed graphene electrode, which replaces the sputtered metal electrode layer within Plastic Logic's conventional devices, bringing product and process benefits.
Graphene is more flexible than conventional ceramic alternatives like indium-tin oxide (ITO) and more transparent than metal films. The ultra-flexible graphene layer may enable a wide range of products, including foldable electronics. Graphene can also be processed from solution bringing inherent benefits of using more efficient printed and roll-to-roll manufacturing approaches.
The new 150 pixels per inch (150 ppi) backplane was made at low temperatures (less than 100°C) using Plastic Logic's Organic Thin Film Transistor (OTFT) technology. The graphene electrode was deposited from solution and subsequently patterned with micron-scale features to complete the backplane.
For this prototype, the backplane was combined with an electrophoretic imaging film to create an ultra-low power and durable display. Future demonstrations may incorporate liquid crystal (LCD) and organic light emitting diodes (OLED) technology to achieve full colour and video functionality. Lightweight flexible active-matrix backplanes may also be used for sensors, with novel digital medical imaging and gesture recognition applications already in development.
“We are happy to see our collaboration with Plastic Logic resulting in the first graphene-based electrophoretic display exploiting graphene in its pixels' electronics,” said Professor Andrea Ferrari, Director of the Cambridge Graphene Centre. “This is a significant step forward to enable fully wearable and flexible devices. This cements the Cambridge graphene-technology cluster and shows how an effective academic-industrial partnership is key to help move graphene from the lab to the factory floor.”
“The potential of graphene is well-known, but industrial process engineering is now required to transition graphene from laboratories to industry,” said Indro Mukerjee, CEO of Plastic Logic. “This demonstration puts Plastic Logic at the forefront of this development, which will soon enable a new generation of ultra-flexible and even foldable electronics”
This joint effort between Plastic Logic and the CGC was also recently boosted by a grant from the UK Technology Strategy Board, within the ‘realising the graphene revolution' initiative. This will target the realisation of an advanced, full colour, OELD based display within the next 12 months.
The project is funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) and the EU's Graphene Flagship.
Vehicle Detail
1968 Chevrolet Camaro race car with 800 HP 496 BBC For Sale – Price dropped from $19,500 to $17,900.
This car is a very nice turn key purchase. It can run Super pro Pro, Super Gas or bracket race for fun. Weighs only 2400lbs It has a fresch 496 BBC, Eagle rotating assembly & Powerglide transmission with a 5500 8″ converter, trans brake & pro stick shifter. Both have only about 10 passes on them. No short cuts taken anywhere!! Car runs 9.18 & 148 mph off foot brake & should run around 8.90's off trans brake!! 32X15X15 slicks & front runners also only have around 10 passes on them. This is a 4 link car. Has 4 wheel light weight Aeroquip brake calipers & rotors, rack & pinion steering & coil over shocks front & rear. New CSR water pump, and high torque starter.
Car was just repainted last year with new pro stock style hood, deck lid & ss stripes ( $3800.00 ) Has one piece front end that makes engine very easy to work on if need be . Windows are lightweight Lexon glass. Has custom sheet metal interior & dash, quick release steering wheel, all gages, fuel system ( including fuel cell & high volume fuel pump) full msd electronics, shogun mini alternator, Griffin aluminum radiator & much more. This car is worth much more than i am asking & probably cost around 50 grand to build.
The car was built from the ground up to be a race car. It has a 4 link suspension & 2×3 square tube chassis. Thank you for looking.
Contact phone – 845-235-2414 – Also, can send inquiry (contacting by email).
Car located in – Fishkill, New York 12524, US.
On the occasion of World Malaria Day on April 25, experts from the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Roll Back Malaria Partnership (RBM) hailed China's role in fighting against malaria.
China is the biggest producer of the drug artemisinin, which has benefited millions of people with malaria.
"China is very important for us for different reasons," Herve Verhoosel, the head of the RBM office at the United Nations in New York told Xinhua.
Artemisinin, also known as Qinghaosu was first isolated from the Chinese traditional plant artemisia by Chinese scientists. The drug registers the most rapid action of all current drugs against malaria.
Artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACTs) are often used to cure malaria, a global disease which caused 584,000 related deaths in 2013.
Verhoosel said: "ACTs is the only medicine to work well and is the best one" in fighting malaria.
Richard Cibulskis, coordinator for strategy, economics and elimination at the WHO estimated that approximately 240 million people in Sub-Saharan Africa have benefited from ACT treatment since 2000.
Verhoosel said: "we have no excuse to have more than 575,000 people dying every year, 95 percent of those cases are children under five and mostly in Africa."
He noted the number of deaths caused by malaria decreased 50 percent since 2000 and 64 of the 98 epidemic countries were on track to potentially meeting the UN Millennium Development Goals when it came to curbing malaria.
He also called for more money, commitment and political leadership as the "last push" to finish the job.
Founded in 1998, the Roll Back Malaria Partnership is a global framework for coordinated action against malaria.
Source: Xinhua| 2017-12-28 04:49:22|Editor: Mu Xuequan
Video Player Close
HELSINKI, Dec. 27 (Xinhua) -- Bank staff in Finland will mount a two-day strike on Thursday and Friday, forcing nearly all the banks to shut down, the Central Organization of the Financial Sector said on Wednesday.
The major dispute that causes the strike is about weekend work. Banks in Finland have offered weekend consultative services, based on agreements with the staff members.
The trade unions want, however, good compensation for weekend work. Marita Kortehisto, the negotiator from the Pro Liitto, one of the major unions representing bank staff, told media that Sunday work must be voluntary and well compensated.
The next negotiation under the state mediator Minna Helle is scheduled for next Tuesday. If no agreement is reached, there will be a second stage of strike on the fourth and fifth of January.
During the first strike on Thursday and Friday, teller automats and internet banking are supposed to function, but telephone services will heavily reduce. Debit and credit cards are expected to function, said the Central Organization of the Financial Sector.
The strike takes places against the backdrop of impending major layoffs in banks. The unions are upset that banks treat the personnel harshly when the profits of the sector are high.
Background backing work has also been transferred from Finland to Poland and Baltic countries where labor is cheaper.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said Wednesday he doesn't know Russian President Vladimir Putin, contradicting a claim he made last year that he knows the leader "very well."
ADVERTISEMENT
“I never met Putin. I don't know who Putin is,” the GOP presidential nominee said at a press conference in Doral, Fla.
"He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius," Trump continued.
"I said thank you very much to the newspaper, and that was the end of it. I never met Putin."
Throughout the news conference, Trump reiterated that he would rather have a working relationship with Russia to defeat terrorists.
"I would treat Vladimir Putin firmly, but there's nothing I can think of that I'd rather do then have Russia friendly as opposed to the way they are right now so that we can knock out ISIS [the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria] together with other people and with other countries."
His Wednesday comments dispute what the Republican presidential nominee said in November of last year at a debate, when Trump said he knows Putin because they were both on an episode of CBS's “60 Minutes”
“I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates,” Trump said, according to Time magazine. “We did well that night.”
Trump was discussing Putin in the context of the Democratic National Committee's (DNC) email scandal.
Emails released by WikiLeaks last week showed top officials at the DNC apparently planning how to undermine Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's primary campaign against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
Several news outlets reported that evidence links the hack to Russia, possibly in an effort to bolster Trump's presidential campaign, and President Obama on Tuesday acknowledged the possibility.
Lily Drone demo video that generated $49 million was bogus, says DA
Remember the Lily Drone that automatically follows you while filming? After generating almost $50 million in funding and pre-sales, Lily is shutting down in wake of litigation that concluded their too-good-to-be-true demo video was not shot on the Lily.
Here's the original video with 12 million views:
Forbes, one of the few outlets to express journalistic skepticism from the onset, has more:
The District Attorney also alleged that other parts of the advertisement that consumers were led to be believed were shot by Lily, were instead taken by a $2,000 professional drone, the DJI Inspire. To Inspire, made by the world's largest consumer drone manufacturer, requires another person to operate via remote control. Lily never disclosed to the public that it used outside devices to make its product video. In fact, when questioned about their video in Jan. 2016 by FORBES, Lily spokesperson Kelly Coyne only said that that it had taken many shoots to create the clips for the advertisement, and that the drone had been improved with different parts that would not be in the market device when it shipped. She failed to mention the use of GoPros or to Inspire.
As people who shelled out $500 to $900 for the Lily will probably attest, if it seems too good to be true, it probably is. Caveat emptor!
• How An Allegedly Fake Video Killed A Much-Hyped Drone Startup (Forbes via PetaPixel)
Spider-Man can only be white, male and straight, according to Sony and Marvel Studios. One former Spider-Man, however, calls that hogwash.
In an interview for his new film 99 Homes, star Andrew Garfield told Mic he doesn't "give a shit about the sexual preference" of Spider-Man. This stands in stark contrast to leaked documents Gawker brought to light in June, in which the film studios strictly outlined the man behind the mask, Peter Parker, as "Caucasian and heterosexual."
Garfield admitted he didn't know about the contractual obligations when he played Peter in The Amazing Spider-Man and its sequel. In an interview with Mic, however, he said he hopes the role could be less limited in the future.
"I'm excited to get to the point where we don't have to have this conversation," he said, "where we can have a pansexual Spider-Man."
"The richness of the world we're in, the diversity of the world we're in; you look at the animal kingdom and you see it reflected. You look all over," he continued. "What are we so scared of? Why are we so, 'No, it has to be this way, a man and a woman.' Why is that even a conversation?"
Garfield has been pushing for a less strictly heterosexual Parker for years. "Why can't we discover that Peter is exploring his sexuality? It's hardly even groundbreaking!" he said in an interview with Entertainment Weekly in 2013. "Why can't he be gay? Why can't he be into boys?"
"We're scared of things that aren't us," he told Mic. "Love is love. Skin is skin. Flesh is flesh. We're all wrapped in the same thing. I have no preference."
Source: Mic/Sony
For Garfield, the reason Spider-Man is the perfect hero to break the mold is because the costumed crusader is a mystery to his world. "The beauty about Spider-Man, for me, is that he's covered head to toe," he said. "That's why everyone thinks it could be them in that suit. You don't see skin color. You don't see sexual orientation. You don't see how old the person is, gender, the whole thing. I celebrate that. Anyone can be a hero in their own lives."
Notably, in the comic books, Spider-Man is already a non-white hero: mixed-race web-slinger Miles Morales. For now, however, the movies remain behind the books. Filmmakers remain interested only in straight, white Peter Parker. The third reboot of that character since 2002, now played by British actor Tom Holland, will make his debut in 2016's Captain America: Civil War.
cityscape Reclaiming Toronto's Waterfront
Contest produces new visions for the city's lakeshore lands.
SHOW CAPTION  ✉ Share on:  314455 <i>Inundation</i>, prepared by Dillon Consulting Ltd. Image courtesy of the Urban Land Institute. 20140424innundation1 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424innundation1-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424innundation1.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424innundation1.jpg 1000 667 https://torontoist.com/2014/04/reclaiming-torontos-waterfront/slide/20140424innundation1/ 20140424innundation1 0 0 314456 <i>Inundation</i>, prepared by Dillon Consulting Ltd. Image courtesy of the Urban Land Institute. 20140424innundation2 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424innundation2-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424innundation2.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424innundation2.jpg 1000 667 https://torontoist.com/2014/04/reclaiming-torontos-waterfront/slide/20140424innundation2/ 20140424innundation2 0 0 314457 <i>RevAMP</i>, prepared by University of Toronto students Carolyn Rowan and Robyn Whitwam. Image courtesy of the Urban Land Institute. 20140424revamp1 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424revamp1-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424revamp1.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424revamp1.jpg 1000 667 https://torontoist.com/2014/04/reclaiming-torontos-waterfront/slide/20140424revamp1/ 20140424revamp1 0 0 314458 <i>RevAMP</i>, prepared by University of Toronto students Carolyn Rowan and Robyn Whitwam. Image courtesy of the Urban Land Institute. 20140424revamp2 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424revamp2-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424revamp2.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424revamp2.jpg 1000 667 https://torontoist.com/2014/04/reclaiming-torontos-waterfront/slide/20140424revamp2/ 20140424revamp2 0 0 314459 <i>Green Deck City</i>, prepared by Line Architecture Group. Image courtesy of the Urban Land Institute. 20140424greendeck1 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424greendeck1-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424greendeck1.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424greendeck1.jpg 1000 667 https://torontoist.com/2014/04/reclaiming-torontos-waterfront/slide/20140424greendeck1/ 20140424greendeck1 0 0 314460 <i>Green Deck City</i>, prepared by Line Architecture Group. Image courtesy of the Urban Land Institute. 20140424greendeck2 https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424greendeck2-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424greendeck2.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/20140424greendeck2.jpg 1000 667 https://torontoist.com/2014/04/reclaiming-torontos-waterfront/slide/20140424greendeck2/ 20140424greendeck2 0 0
Scene: Toronto in the year 2114. Most of the Gardiner Expressway has been removed, leaving behind a few stumps. The neighbouring former rail corridor has been transformed into an extensive park system that's the perfect place for an afternoon stroll—unless you prefer a walk by the water, in which case you could take a turn along one of the seven channels of water stretching north from Lake Ontario to its former shoreline along Front Street.
This vision of the city a century from now is inspired by Inundation, one of the winners of the Urban Land Institute Toronto's inaugural Urban Ideas Competition. The victors were announced Wednesday night during a ceremony at the TIFF Bell Lightbox.
The contest, run by the land-use think tank's Young Leaders Group Initiative, invited competitors to submit designs for the reclaiming of Toronto's waterfront—and join, as juror and former City of Toronto chief planner Paul Bedford joked, a discussion that's been ongoing since York's founding in 1793. The competition was split into two streams, one focusing on an overall vision for revamping the lakeshore lands between Bathurst and Cherry streets, and the other on a site-specific plan to remake the Gardiner ramps at Bay and York streets. Submissions came from as far away as Seoul and Vancouver.
Inundation captured the “Overall Vision” award, while RevAMP won the “Site Specific” plan. Jurors admitted they were immediately drawn to the idea of the York Street loop ramp being transformed into a circular wooden park evocative of the WaveDecks along Queens Quay. The “People's Choice” prize, voted for via Facebook, went to Green Deck City, which reimagines the waterfront as a series of elevated decks.
Other designs presented fanciful schemes ranging from a TTC gondola service near the Gardiner to a giant Ferris wheel. Thirteen of the submissions are currently displayed in the lobbies of the office towers at the Eaton Centre—half at 1 Dundas Street West, the remainder at 250 Yonge.
The Rick Perry death watch is on.
The former Texas governor, who hoped he would fare better in this presidential election than in his disastrous 2012 try, is poised to reorganize his already under-funded and under-manned staff in Iowa — a development that some of his top aides concede may be the beginning of the end.
Story Continued Below
The plans were announced on a Monday conference call with Perry's campaign aides. During the call, according to two campaign officials, the aides were informed that a reorganization was being worked out and would be completed either late this week or early next week. While the campaign did not detail the changes, some on the call said they expect them to be dramatic.
One Republican operative in Iowa said that half a dozen Perry staffers currently working in the state contacted him on Monday to inquire about job prospects. Also on Monday, Sam Clovis, Perry's Iowa co-chairman and a prized operative, announced that he was departing the campaign, and on Tuesday confirmed that he was defecting to be national campaign co-chair and senior policy adviser to Donald Trump, who has zoomed to the top of the pack.
There are plenty of examples of campaigns recovering from near-death experiences, from John McCain in 2008 to Newt Gingrich in 2012. But the alarming signs of financial distress are increasing for the former Texas governor, with many on his campaign staff girding for deep cuts in Iowa — a state Perry has made the focus of his presidential aspirations, but where he finds himself badly trailing.
Some political operatives in Iowa believe that Perry may choose to limit his presence in the state moving forward — perhaps intensifying his focus on South Carolina, another key early state.
“We're going through a restructuring. We'll know by the end of the week what our team looks like going forward,” said Robert Haus, a veteran Republican strategist in the state who led Monday's conference call, which was held with other staffers in the state. “Every campaign does a periodic review,” he added. “How do we maximize our resources to get the job done?”
It's a crushing comedown for Perry, who has already lived through one imploding campaign: In 2011, he entered the Republican contest as the presumptive front-runner, but his campaign quickly fell apart amid disastrous debate appearances, culminating in his “oops” moment in a primary debate. Perry, who at the time was recovering from back surgery, has chalked those missteps up in part to poor health, and returned to the national stage in recent years determined to show that last cycle was an aberration from the otherwise-successful political record of the longest-serving governor in Texas history.
In the years since, Perry — with his fashionable new glasses — sought to brand himself as a serious-minded policy wonk, crisscrossing the country to deliver speeches on the perils of threats from abroad and spending months holding sessions with top conservative policy experts.
Yet Perry's 2016 hopes have begun to fade. Overshadowed by fresher faces like Marco Rubio, better fundraisers like Jeb Bush, and louder voices like Donald Trump, the former governor has taken a nose-dive in state and national polls. He failed to qualify for the prime-time Republican debate in Cleveland, and, earlier this month, amid fundraising troubles, the campaign acknowledged that it had stopped paying staffers (though some payments have resumed).
Still, a cluster of super PACs supporting Perry, Opportunity and Freedom PAC and its affiliates, has sought to pick up the slack by propping up the former Texas governor with TV ads and the beginnings of a field staff in Iowa. The groups pulled in $17 million in the last fundraising report, far outpacing the campaign's haul of around $1 million, and looks poised to aid Perry for as long as he is interested in running.
A Perry spokeswoman, Lucy Nashed, declined to comment on Perry's staff woes, other than to say: “Gov. Perry remains committed to competing in Iowa, as well as South Carolina and New Hampshire, and there are many people across the country who continue to work to elect Rick Perry as president.”
Perry is expected to lose other key Iowa staffers in the coming days as details of the restructuring plans come down. But Haus, who worked on Perry's 2012 campaign, said he was staying aboard.
“I told [Perry] I'll be with him [until we] turn the lights off, in whatever capacity they want me to be in,” Haus said. “My support for him will never waver, I'll caucus for him … when I give my support like that, I'm a loyal guy, that's what I do.”
Staffers were informed of Monday's call on Sunday night, when they received an email from Andy Swanson, another Perry aide in the state.
Strong's Number: 05375 Browse Lexicon Original Word Word Origin aXn a primitive root Transliterated Word TDNT Entry Nasa' TWOT - 1421 Phonetic Spelling Parts of Speech naw-saw' Verb Definition to lift, bear up, carry, take (Qal) to lift, lift up to bear, carry, support, sustain, endure to take, take away, carry off, forgive (Niphal) to be lifted up, be exalted to lift oneself up, rise up to be borne, be carried to be taken away, be carried off, be swept away (Piel) to lift up, exalt, support, aid, assist to desire, long (fig.) to carry, bear continuously to take, take away (Hithpael) to lift oneself up, exalt oneself (Hiphil) to cause one to bear (iniquity) to cause bringing, have brought King James Word Usage - Total: 654 (bare, lift, etc...) up 219, bear 115, take 58, bare 34, carry 30, (take, carry)..away 22, borne 22, armourbearer 18, forgive 16, accept 12, exalt 8, regard 5, obtained 4, respect 3, miscellaneous 74
The Formula One season hasn't even started and the series' new owners are already considering how to shake up the schedule. Fortunately for those of us less fond of F1 swinging by oppressive dictatorships for races, one of the first grands prix new F1 overlords Liberty Media criticized was the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
Liberty Media CEO and president Greg Maffei put the blame on Bernie for scheduling high-dollar rounds like Baku, which he believes do nothing for the series as a whole. As spoken to a Deutsche Bank conference and quoted by Autosport:
I think it's our job to do far more to help the promoters to be successful. Frankly Bernie's attitude was, “How much can I extract from them?” I heard him call them the victims - “How much can I extract, how much up front?” So we end up with races in places like Baku in Azerbaijan, where they paid us a big race fee, but it does nothing to build the long-term brand and health of the business. Our job is to find partners who pay us well, but also help us to build the product.
Maffei highlighted Singapore, Mexico and Abu Dhabi as model grands prix in his speech as well.
Naturally, this didn't sit well with Azerbaijan Grand Prix promoter Arif Rahimov, who told Reuters that Maffei has only been working on F1 for less than half a year so he shouldn't be talking at this point. Baku has been involved with F1 for three years, by contrast.
To Rahimov's credit, the grand prix in Baku did get double-booked with the 24 Hours of Le Mans in a way that made F1 an afterthought to many race fans who weren't happy about F1 starting their race over the last part of Le Mans. F1 driver Sebastian Vettel infamously interrupted the press conference to ask what happened at Le Mans. Without the schedule conflict this year, it should at least reach a wider audience.
Advertisement
The Azerbaijan Grand Prix is under a 10-year contract that can only be ended by mutual agreement in its first five years.
TEPCO has found a record 1.9 million becquerels per liter of beta ray-emitting radioactive substances at its No.2 reactor. Also radioactive cesium was detected in deeper groundwater at No.4 unit's well, as fears grow of a new leak into the ocean.
The level of beta ray-emitting radioactivity in groundwater around the crippled Fukushima reactor No. 2 reactor has been rising since November, NHK reported.
Previous the highest level – 1.8 million becquerels (bq/liter), of beta-ray sources per liter - was registered at reactor No.1 on December 13.
Meanwhile, TEPCO's latest examination of deeper groundwater beneath the #4 reactor's well has raised new concerns that there might be another source of radioactive substances leakage into the ocean.
For the first time, the analysis of water samples taken from a layer 25 meters beneath the No. 4 reactor's well that is facing the ocean has revealed radioactivity in groundwater.
TEPCO investigators detected 6.7 bq/liter of Cesium 137 and 89 bq/liter of strontium as well as other beta ray-emitting radioactive substances.
However, the company's officials said that it is early to talk about a hotspot of radiation leak and more examinations are needed to prove that. TEPCO suggested that current numbers could be wrong because radioactive substances may have been mistakenly mixed during the process of getting the sample.
Leakage of radiation-contaminated water has been the major threat to Japan's population and environment from the very beginning of the Fukushima disaster in March 2011.
Only in late July 2013 did TEPCO acknowledge the fact that contaminated water is escaping from basements and trenches of the Fukushima plant into the ocean.
Since then, TEPCO reported about two major leaks of highly radioactive water into the ocean from storage tanks – a 300-ton leak in August and 430 liters in October.
Ice: Huge block's fall 'made the walls of stone house shake'. STV
A large block of ice has fallen from the sky and crashed into a residential garden in East Renfrewshire.
The ice struck the garden of Lyndsey Helliwell, who lives in Busby, at around 10.55am, making a loud bang and forming a crater.
She told STV News: "My friend Eleanor works for my husband from our home.
"She heard a massive almighty boom and she felt the walls of our stone house shake."
The crater caused by the ice falling measures 1.4m by 1.2m. Pieces of ice from the main block are also scattered across the garden.
"It could have killed someone or wrecked your car," Lyndsey said.
Advertisement
There is no obvious explanation for how the block of ice formed and then fell, according to STV weather presenter Sean Batty.
It could have formed on the body of a passing aircraft, which can happen in extreme weather conditions at high altitude.
There are also historical examples of large chunks of ice falling from the sky in Scotland dating back to pre-aircraft days.
However, neither theory lends itself to current conditions in Scotland's skies.
Mystery: There is no meteorological explanation for today's ice fall STV
Sean said: "There is no meteorological explanation for today's ice fall as we do not have the right conditions for hail to form in the clouds.
"Sometimes large hailstones can form in thunderclouds, known as cumulonimbus clouds, which develop through vigorous convection and in very unstable air masses.
"Today the air mass is not unstable enough to allow cumulonimbus clouds to form."
Advertisement
For an alternative explanation, it is possible for ice to build up on the bodies of aircraft when they pass through sufficiently icy and wet air.
Planes are more likely to accrue ice while descending than while taking off, as they spend more time passing through layers of cloud which may have an air temperature below zero.
Sean said: "There was a flight passing directly over the Busby area at the time this ice fell travelling from Los Angeles to Dusseldorf, however it was at an altitude of 39,000ft where the air is very cold but also drier.
"Any moisture present at this altitude would be in the form of ice crystals instead of super cooled water droplets and meteorologically speaking conditions were not favourable for ice formation on this aircraft."
He added: "Reports of ice falls pre-date the era of flight. The largest chunk of ice to fall was in Scotland at the farm of Balvullich in Muir of Ord near Inverness in August 1849.
"It was said to be 20ft in circumference and was estimated to weight about half a ton."
Spread the love
Waddington, NY — A young woman travelling through an interior US Border Checkpoint in Waddington, New York Thursday was assaulted and arrested by border patrol for no reason.
Jess Cooke, 21, says she was driving through the checkpoint, when agents said she looked nervous. She was then routed over for a secondary inspection.
Knowing that the agents had no probable cause to search her vehicle, Cooke refused to consent to search. She was then told that she had to wait for a K-9 Unit to arrive before she could leave.
Being nervous is not probable cause nor reasonable suspicion for a search. While inconsistently answering questions may result in reasonable suspicion, it is unclear whether or not this happened prior to Cooke's detainment.
Because Cooke had committed no crime she demanded to be let go. However, these agents were set on violating her rights.
The conversation between Cooke and the agents quickly escalated and Cooke was thrown to the ground by the male agent as the female agent deployed the taser.
Cooke said the taser was continually deployed until she stopped screaming. After handcuffing her, agents then illegally opened her trunk and searched her entire vehicle, according to Cooke.
The subsequent search turned up nothing.
This entire detainment was in spite of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling last month that should have prevented it. The ruling stated that police are not allowed to extend a citizen's detention, during a normal traffic stop, while officers probe for evidence of crimes unrelated to the offense that prompted the initial stop.
They stopped her because she was nervous.
“I was cuffed for over an hour after being out in the Border Patrol car and then brought to the U.S. Customs station in Ogdensburg. I sat there for a good 3-4 hours and got sent home due to they couldn't figure out what charges to put on me,” Cooke said in a written response to North Country Now.
Cooke told North Country Now that she received scrapes and cuts on her legs, back and chest. She said her wrists are also marked from the handcuffs.
Cooke holds a two-year degree in criminal justice and will graduate this Saturday for Law Enforcement Leadership from SUNY Canton. She had plans to pursue a career in Border Patrol, but due to the recent assault and unlawful arrest, she's changed her mind, according to North Country Now.
Cooke says she is waiting to hear about possible charges regarding the struggle.
However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband. Ephesians 5:33
I love weddings. They are always an inspiration to me. Even though you hear the same things over and over, it still never gets old for me. However, the way the pastor phrased Scriptures that are written for husbands and wives, really stood out in my mind. It is really quite simple, but makes a difference in the world if these Biblical principles are lived out by both husband and wife.
First, he asked the bride if she loved her groom. Her response was positive of course. And because of her love, the pastor replied, it is so important that she respects and obeys her husband.
The husband, on the other hand, has the responsibility to be pastor and leader of his family. If he does his job, then it will be so much easier for the wife to respect and obey her husband. A good husband won't have to remind his wife to respect and obey him. She will want to do it anyway.
Quite simple. But can be so much harder in real life. Yet, these truths are the basis for a good, Christian family.
And what made me think even more is that it takes TWO! One can't be pulling all the weight in him/herself to make it work. Scriptures don't say “well, IF the wife is doing her duties, then the husband does his duties” or vice versa. But both work together to make a marriage that pleases God and each other.
Him+Her Weekly Goal
Pray each day that you can be a spouse that fulfills his/her role in the marriage.
http://www.yevstudios.com
The Somali parliament approved a new cabinet on Monday, just hours after gunmen shot and killed one of its members.
Abdullahi Qayad Barre was gunned down in the Hamar Jajab district of the capital, Mogadishu. Fellow lawmaker Mohamed Ali Hagaa said Barre was on his way to parliament when he was shot dead in his car at a busy intersection.
The attackers escaped the scene, and the al-Qaida-linked militant group al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the shooting.
Despite the killing, parliament met and endorsed the cabinet of Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Sharmarke.
The new cabinet consists of 66 members, most of whom are members of parliament. This was the prime minister's second lineup of cabinet members, after lawmakers objected to his first list of candidates.
International donors have warned that chronic infighting among Somali politicians is hurting efforts to stabilize the war-ravaged country.
Barre is the first lawmaker to be killed in Somalia this year. Five were killed last year. Al-Shabab militants have claimed responsibility for all the attacks.
Al-Shabab once controlled much of southern and central Somalia and imposed a harsh form of Islamic law that banned music and led to public amputations for accused thieves.
Government and African Union troops have recaptured most of the territory, but the militants were still able to kill the parliament members last year and launch two major assaults on the presidential palace. On December 25, they attacked a base of African Union peacekeepers that support the government.
US whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg raps those aware of Bush's violations of the Constitution, saying they should speak out and save lives.
"When they keep silent about their knowledge of that situation, they are themselves violating their oath to support and defend the Constitution," Ellsberg said in an interview with City Pages.
Advising such people to reveal truths that might save an untold number of lives, the former military analyst explained that there is a high possibility of new military adventurism in the Middle East.
"Don't wait till bombs are falling in Iran or a new war is started wrongly or thousands more people have died when you know that your bosses are lying the public into a wrongful war or committing other crimes or violating the constitution," said the former Pentagon official.
According to Ellsberg, there is a good chance that Bush will wage war on Iran in the next year.
"I think that the risk remains significant, and indeed the fact that the President isn't running again for office may free him in his mind," he explained.
Daniel Ellsberg, who shocked the world in 1971 by disclosing 7,000 classified pages of a Defense Department report, revealed the existence of a much deeper battle in Vietnam than the public was aware of.
alright. so here's a confession - I'm 26 and I'm in total fangirl more for these two. again. Looks like I came back to my 18's when I was reading Naruto and was shipping all male characters together like every teeenage yaoi fangirl.Last month I finished Atack On Titans and had no idea for what can I watch next... and since I never finished Naruto manga (I gave up after Neji's death ; __ ; too much for me... ) I decided to watch tv series to finally see how the story ends (don't spoil it for me please!. at the moment I'm in the middle of Naruto's fight with Pain). and all my love for Akatsuki came back.guyz, I have serious crush for Zombie Combo. Right now I want to do nothing but read fancomics with them. Unfortunatelly half of them is hard porn (me no like... ) and the other half is ultra heavy and depressive shit. So I'm spending my nights on breaking my own heart for thousands of pieces by reading tragedy stories ; __ ;and to clearify things - I was into yaoi (only soft one) when I was in my teens. Right now I don't really pay much more interest. BUT ALL MY HEART GOES FOR KAKUxHIDA. and I'm totally considering getting a tatoo with them and it's gonna be damn cool.soon more drawing with these two since I really don't want to draw anything else.I'm lost for this world at the moment.ps. don't lick blood. seriously.
Hanoi: Police in Vietnam have arrested four railway officials in a probe into allegations a Japanese firm paid massive kickbacks to win a railway contract for Hanoi, state media said on Wednesday.
Deputy director-general of Vietnam Railways Tran Quoc Dong was arrested for “failure to carry out responsibilities causing serious consequences”, Tuoi Tre newspaper said.
Three other senior railway officials were taken into custody for abusing their power, the report said without specifying when they were detained.
In March Japan's leading Yomiuri newspaper reported that the head of Japan Transportation Consultants (JTC), Tamio Kakinuma, 65, admitted to prosecutors that an 80 million yen ($790,000) bribe was paid to officials at Vietnam Railways for Hanoi's overground rail link worth 4.2 billion yen.
The amount was part of 130 million yen his company had paid to civil servants in Vietnam, Indonesia and Uzbekistan to win work tied to projects funded by Japan's Official Development Assistance (ODA).
Vietnamese authorities vowed to investigate the issue thoroughly and punish anyone found guilty.
Japan remains communist Vietnam's largest ODA donor with a pledge of $2.6 billion last year.
In December 2008, Japan suspended ODA to Vietnam for four months during a similar scandal that led to a 20-year jail term for Ho Chi Minh City's transport department's deputy head.
Sy was accused of taking up to $262,000 in 2003 from Tokyo-based Pacific Consultants International company in connection with a major infrastructure project - a highway linking the east and west of the city — backed by Japanese aid money.
Vietnam is still rated one of the world's most corrupt nations. Communist party leader Nguyen Phu Trong on Monday urged serious punishment over corruption as it remained “a challenge and the society's most urgent problem”.
To defuse public anger over the issue the nation's leadership is desperate to show it is tackling graft.
The one-party state has been rocked by a number of high-profile corruption scandals in recent years, with graft and huge debts at giant state-run companies accused of fuelling the country's economic woes.
Everything was going great until you showed up. You see me across the crowded room, make your way over, and start talking at me. And you don't stop.
You are a Democrat, an outspoken atheist, and a foodie. You like to say “Science!” in a weird, self-congratulatory way. You wear jeans during the day, and fancy jeans at night. You listen to music featuring wispy lady vocals and electronic bloop-bloops.
You really like coffee, except for Starbucks, which is the worst. No wait—Coke is the worst! Unless it's Mexican Coke, in which case it's the best.
Pixar. Kitty cats. Uniqlo. Bourbon. Steel-cut oats. Comic books. Obama. Fancy burgers.
You listen to the same five podcasts and read the same seven blogs as all your pals. You stay up late on Twitter making hashtagged jokes about the event that everyone has decided will be the event about which everyone jokes today. You love to send withering @ messages to people like Rush Limbaugh—of course, those notes are not meant for their ostensible recipients, but for your friends, who will chuckle and retweet your savage wit.
You are boring. So, so boring.
Don't take it too hard. We're all boring. At best, we're recovering bores. Each day offers a hundred ways for us to bore the crap out of the folks with whom we live, work, and drink. And on the Internet, you're able to bore thousands of people at once.
A few years ago, I had a job that involved listening to a ton of podcasts. It's possible that I've heard more podcasts than anyone else—I listened to at least a little bit of tens of thousands of shows. Of course, the vast majority were so bad I'd often wish microphones could be sold only to licensed users. But I did learn how to tell very quickly whether someone was interesting or not.
The people who were interesting told good stories. They were also inquisitive: willing to work to expand their social and intellectual range. Most important, interesting people were also the best listeners. They knew when to ask questions. This was the set of people whose shows I would subscribe to, whose writing I would seek out, and whose friendship I would crave. In other words, those people were the opposite of boring.
Here are the three things they taught me.
Listen, then ask a question
I call it Amtrak Smoking Car Syndrome (because I am old, used to smoke, thought that trains were the best way to get around the country, and don't really understand what a syndrome is). I'd be down in the smoking car, listening to two people have a conversation that went like this:
Stranger #1: Thing about my life.
Stranger #2: Thing about my life that is somewhat related to what you just said.
Stranger #1: Thing about my life that is somewhat related to what you just said.
Stranger #2: Thing about my life…
Next stop: Boringsville, Population: 2. There's no better way to be seen as a blowhard than to constantly blow, hard. Instead, give a conversation some air. Really listen. Ask questions; the person you're speaking with will respect your inquisitiveness and become more interested in the exchange. “Asking questions makes people feel valued,” said former Virgin America VP Porter Gale, “and they transfer that value over to liking you more.”
Watch an old episode of The Dick Cavett Show. Cavett is an engaged listener, very much part of the conversation, but he also allows his partner to talk as well. He's not afraid to ask questions that reveal his ignorance, but it's also clear he's no dummy.
Online, put this technique to use by pausing before you post. Why are you adding that link to Facebook? Will it be valuable to the many people who will see it? Or are you just flashing a Prius-shaped gang sign to your pals? If it's the latter, keep it to yourself.
Tell a story
Shitty pictures of your food are all over the Internet. Sites like Instagram are loaded with photo after photo of lumpy goo. What you're trying to share is the joy you feel when the waiter delivers that beautifully plated pork chop. But your photo doesn't tell the story of that experience. Your photo rips away the delicious smell, the beautiful room, the anticipation of eating, and the presence of people you love.
Instead, think of your photo as a story. When people tell stories, they think about how to communicate the entirety of their experience to someone else. They set the stage, introduce characters, and give us a reason to care. Of course, that's hard to do in a single photo, but if you think in terms of story, could you find a better way to communicate your experience? How about a picture of the menu, or of your smiling dinner companions? Anything's better than the greasy puddles you have decided any human with access to the Internet should be able to see.
Expand your circles
Several years ago, my wife and I went on a long trip. We had saved a little money, and the places we were staying were cheap, so we could afford private rooms in every city but one. Guess where we made the most friends? In Budapest, where we were jammed into a big room with a bunch of folks, we were forced into situations we never would have sought out. I wouldn't have met Goran, the Marilyn Manson superfan who was fleeing the NATO bombing of Belgrade on a fake Portuguese visa. Or Kurt, the Dutch hippie who let us crash on his floor in Amsterdam. Stepping out of your social comfort zone can be painful, but it's one of the most rewarding things you can do.
As you widen your social circle, work on your intellectual one as well. Expose yourself to new writers. Hit the Random Article button on Wikipedia. Investigate the bromides your friends chuck around Twitter like frisbees.
When you expand your social and intellectual range, you become more interesting. You're able to make connections that others don't see. You're like a hunter, bringing a fresh supply of ideas and stories back to share with your friends.
The Big Bore lurks inside us all. It's dying to be set loose to lecture on Quentin Tarantino or what makes good ice cream. Fight it! Fight the urge to speak without listening, to tell a bad story, to stay inside your comfortable nest of back-patting pals. As you move away from boring, you will never be bored.
Scott Simpson is a writer and performer from California. He spent over a decade in the digital media business at Amazon.com and Apple, and is co-host of the comedy podcast You Look Nice Today.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HARTFORD--Three years ago, the shootings in Sandy Hook shook Connecticut to its core.
In the emergency room at Danbury Hospital that day was Doctor William Begg.
"After witnessing the Sandy Hook tragedy first hand, I've committed my medial career to trying to address this public health issue,” said Dr. Begg.
He believes more research into gun violence could save lives.
"One of the most common things that we hear out there is that if you own a gun, you'll be safer,” said Dr. Begg. “The preliminary research contradicts that."
That research is not done though by the government, but private entities. There hasn't been federal funding allocated for gun violence research since the '90s, when Republicans passed legislation prohibiting federal funds from being used to promote gun control. They argue research into gun violence qualifies.
President Barack Obama lifted the ban in 2013, but funding remains at zero.
In the past, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention would do the research.
Related: Gun violence research should be funded like disease studies, officials say.
Dr. Begg said many of his colleagues steer away from researching gun violence because of the contentious debate centered in Washington.
It effectively also halted scientific research into gun violence, some believing that research could promote stricter gun measures.
Connecticut's senators are trying to change it.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal believes gun violence is a public health crisis.
"Congress has put its head in the sand and said that there shall be no research, no funding for science, no common sense inquiry into what the facts are,” said Blumenthal.
Sen. Chris Murphy was also on hand at the meeting to promote the measure. Both senators pointed to action taken after motor vehicles deaths swept the country, saying Congress authorized research, which led to safety measures like seat belts and airbags that reduced car deaths.
Also, they say, tens of thousands die from drug overdoses, and so the CDC researches drug abuse.
Sen. Murphy places the blame on the NRA.
"The scope of the NRA's power in Washington is truly breathtaking,” said Murphy. "The gun lobby is now trying to bury the truth, is trying to bury science. That's what this is really all about."
So what type of research should be done if funds were available?
Dr. Begg says social media should be an area to explore. He sees a pattern in the emergency room with suicides and engagement online.
"The suicides had some interaction with social media, which you didn't have twenty years ago,” said Dr. Begg. "If we do research, and we're able to speak to patients and inform them about what the risks and benefits are. I will say with confidence we will decrease the gun violence deaths in our country."
FOX 61 reached out to the Connecticut Citizens Defense League, which supports Second Amendment rights, for a reaction to the new push.
Scott Wilson the league's president sent the following statement:
Indications are that actual 'gun violence' has declined by nearly 49% since 1993. This is simply a grandstanding measure by our two senators who wish to twist facts and erect a non-existent health crisis. I will acknowledge that while so-called gun violence is down overall, there is an uptick in urban communities where drugs and criminal gangs are more prevalent. The new mayor of Hartford should be more focused on combating drugs and gangs in his city instead of latching onto a movement orchestrated to make it harder for law abiding citizens the means to protect themselves. That is ultimately the intent by Senators Murphy and Blumenthal.
Army General Anatoly Mikhaïlovich Kornukov (Russian: Анатолий Михайлович Корнуков) (10 January 1942 – 1 July 2014) was a Russian Air Force general, and former fighter pilot in the Soviet Air Defence Forces.
Military career [ edit ]
On September 1, 1983, Kornukov, was commander of Dolinsk-Sokol Air Base when Korean Air Lines Flight 007 went astray and entered Soviet airspace, first over Kamchatka.
As a subordinate to commander of the Far Eastern Military District Air Defense Forces, General Valeri Kamensky, and as commander of Sokol Air Base on Sakhalin Island, Korunkov received the command from Kamensky to shoot down Korean Air Lines Flight 007 carrying 260 people, including U.S. congressman Larry McDonald, while it was over the international waters of Okhotsk, having exited Kamchatkan airspace.[1]
"...simply destroy [it] even if it is over neutral waters? Are the orders to destroy it over neutral waters? Oh, well."[2]
Though Kamensky had ordered KAL 007 to be shot down while over international waters, he insisted that it first be verified as not civilian. Kornukov insisted that there was no need. Kamensky: We must find out, maybe it is some civilian craft or God knows who. Kornukov: What civilian? [It] has flown over Kamchatka! It [came] from the ocean without identification. I am giving the order to attack if it crosses the State border.[3]
Kornukov gave the order for the shootdown as KAL 007 was about to pass out of the Soviet airspace over Sakhalin Island into International airspace, "Oh (obscenities) How long [does it take him] to go to attack position, he is already getting out into neutral waters. Engage after burner immediately. Bring in the MiG 23 as well. while you are wasting time, it will fly right out." [4]
Kornukov, who had retained his position even when, in 1976, a pilot under his command, Victor Belenko, had defected to Japan with his MiG-25—the most advanced Soviet fighter of the time—also survived the KAL 007 incident, eventually attaining the highest appointment possible in his field of service. On January 22, 1998, Boris Yeltsin appointed Kornukov as Commander of the Russian Air Force. This appointment by Yeltsin came on the heels of Yeltsin's dismissal of General Pyotr Deynekin, who had headed the air force since 1992. Deinekin was pressed to resign after a Russian Air Force Antonov An-124 cargo plane crashed soon after takeoff at Irkutsk Airport and landed on a nearby apartment complex, killing over 60 people.
In January 2002, Kornukov resigned as Commander of the Russian Air Force and advised the Russian Federation in matters of missile defense and defense against aerial hijacker terrorist attacks against Russian cities. Against the terrorist threat from the air, he believed Russia is unprepared considering the Russian air defense commanders often absentee, "passing the buck", and lacking coordination. The following is a current example of his firm stance as reported in Pravda of March 31, 2004: "Former commander of Russian Air Force, General Anatoly Kornukov calls Russian authorities to be tough in dealing with NATO aircraft which would appear near Russian borders after Baltic countries" joining the alliance, the Russia Journal said. NATO gained seven new allies [on] new Russian borders. "Because of NATO expanding we should apply tough policy, including tough measures to NATO aircraft. If an aircraft violated the state border, it must be shot down. International law allows this", said General Kornukov. "To begin with, the Baltic states should be reminded that good-neighbor relations have nothing to do with military aircraft barraging along the neighboring country borders. They are flying not just for pleasure, they are likely to be well-armed".[This quote needs a citation]
Asked how he felt about the victims onboard KAL 007, Kornukov said the downing left him with some "unpleasant feelings"[5] but suggested that casualties were simply the price that had to be paid. On Hero of the Day, a Russian television interview show. Kornukov commented,"I will always be convinced that I gave the right order. Sometimes, in strategic operations, we had to sacrifice battalions to save the army. In the given situation, I am quite sure that this was a pre-planned action that pursued quite obvious goals."[5]
He died at the age of 72 on 1 July 2014.[6][7]
Honours and awards [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Not every day Bollywood churns out a socially relevant movie. But when it does, CBFC makes sure it doesn't get released without more than a few hiccups. Because hail ye humari sanskriti ke khilaf hai. Latest movie to fall victim to CBFC's prehistoric filters is the upcoming movie Phullu. Directed by Abhishek Saxena the movie speaks strongly about the awareness about menstruation. And the fact that you are probably thinking about stopping to read this article is exactly what is everything wrong today.
Phullu has been given A certificate because it speaks about menstruation, which still a taboo subject in a developing nation like India and has a lot of stigmas attached to it. We wonder what contents of the movie made CBFC limit the audience to adults only. But the makers of Phullu are not going down without a fight. As of now, Phullu is the top trending topic on Twitter with a truck load of tweets surfacing which are slamming CBFC's outdated certification methods. More and more people are joining the trend and extending their support to the film. Many are asking CBFC what is 'adult' about periods? One Twitterati points out: "Instead of using #Phullu (movie on taboos around menstruation in rural areas) to educate in India's villages, GOI's Censor Board gives it A!"
Movie on menstruation awareness is not an Adult film. Censor board has lost it's mind. #Phullu pic.twitter.com/O0XLpsyJ91 — Kuldeep Kaydan ? (@KuldeepKadyan) June 15, 2017
Why A certificate is given 2 such informative & educational movie? #Phullu deserve U certificate, we shld support social awareness movies — Ratnaraj Nikam (@ratnaraj007) June 15, 2017
Why “A” certificate for #Phullu when education on menstrual cycle is important for teenage girls. pic.twitter.com/xRUPNRA0RT — Indu Gupta (@NeelInduNeel) June 15, 2017
Saw #Phullu - tremendous initiative on taboos related to menstruation
Shd be shown in schools - but given 'A' by Censors@anmolMD https://t.co/H6vptDzI2f — Preeti Sharma Menon (@PreetiSMenon) June 15, 2017
Can someone plz check if the Censor Board is giving out ratings or grades? Why are only the good films getting an A? #Phullu — Biswapati Sarkar (@ChhotaThalaiva) June 15, 2017
Abhishek while talking to The Quint said, "I'm sure that the CBFC will not give Akshay Kumar's film Padman an ‘Adult' rating. Because he's Akshay Kumar and whatever he shows is good and worthy of being seen as a ‘public interest' message. If he gets an ‘A' he'll get Modi ji to tweet about it and the CBFC will fall in line. But I'm sure he'll get a U/A rating, so it won't even come to that. When Padman releases, I'm sure that the CBFC will pitch it as an ‘education' film, even though our film is just as much about menstruation and the taboo around it, as theirs."
This won't be the first time CBFC has shown us how regressive they are in comparison with the society and the cinema today. A huge hullaballoo was created for nothing when Udta Punjab was sent for certification. The movie that had substance abuse problem pertaining in Punjab as the center of the story was asked to get rid of a big chunk of the movie to get a certificate. Angry Indian Goddesses was asked to mute and edit scenes for reasons as small as a scene showing women checking out a guy.
Phullu stars Sharib Hashmi in the lead role. The movie will release on July 16. Unfortunately with an A certificate.
US, UK and others accused of ‘cynical' ploy in response to developing countries' firm stance on holding rich nations accountable for climate change damage
Strongly held positions are frequently traded away or dropped by governments out of necessity in the last hours of international negotiations. But the removal of all reference to human rights in the final draft of the Paris climate agreement has dismayed leaders of nearly all the myriad civil society groups pressing for a strong outcome.
According to observers, Britain, Norway, the US and a small group of developed countries actively blocked inclusion of any mention of human rights in the text in retaliation for developing countries' refusal to give ground on a part of the text called “loss and damage”. This holds rich countries accountable for irreversible damage done by climate change.
Paris climate talks turn up the heat on world leaders – podcast Read more
Groups representing development, environment, young people, indigenous peoples, trade unions, women, and others, have all reacted angrily, calling the move “highly contentious” and “cynical” because it deliberately penalised the most vulnerable.
“The loss of the human rights language from article 2 is extremely disappointing and follows the earlier loss of references to gender equality and just transition to a clean economy,” said Helen Szoke, Oxfam Australia's executive director.
“It appears to be a cynical and manipulative negotiating ploy, designed only to leverage the political commitment the leaders of many developing countries have made to returning with provisions on ‘loss and damage',” said one observer.
“Combating climate change and helping communities adapt is about protecting rights, of children, particularly the poorest and most disadvantaged, and other vulnerable groups, including migrants, indigenous peoples, and women,” said Joni Pegram, climate change policy advisor at Unicef UK.
There were widely diverging views on how the deal was shaping up. Nicholas Stern, the British economist, has pressed strongly for governments to address climate change urgently.
“In [the draft text], we have sustainable development and poverty eradication, we have [the] right to development, we have electricity supply to those who haven't got it. This is a story of a transition to a low carbon economy as part of a strong story of development. That seems to me to be a real advance in this COP, relative to those that have come before,” Lord Stern said.
“This is about sustainable development and reduction of emissions, this is about overcoming poverty and reduction of emissions, and a clearer recognition that these things come together. In the past we've had a fake horse race between climate responsibility on the one hand and growth and poverty reduction on the other. One of the strong spirits of this COP is that this is now increasingly recognised as a false tension.”
But other observers said that the latest text, which was released on Thursday night, appears to weaken provision for developing countries.
“What we feared about the text has happened – it is an agreement that is good for the US and bad for the developing world. It says there should be a ‘shared effort', which means both poor and wealthy countries are responsible for providing climate finance – this is totally a rewriting of the existing climate convention. This is indeed what the US and other developed countries have been pushing for for years,” said Meena Raman, from the Third World Network.
“President Obama promised to be both accountable and take responsibility for our roles in the current climate crisis. As the talks nearly come to a close, we can now see that this was not only empty rhetoric, but a great escape for polluters. The low expectations have been surpassed beyond belief – it does nothing to cut emissions or give hope to the poor and most vulnerable,” said Asad Rehman, spokesman for Friends of the Earth.
Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has been talking carelessly about a "rigged" election.
Despite what he says, the voting results can be trusted, but there are four other ways that the vote is in fact rigged — two of which will directly help Trump.
1. The Electoral College
For Trump to win, he'll need to beat Clinton in pretty much all of the closely contested states: Georgia, North Carolina, Florida, Ohio, Arizona, Nevada, New Hampshire and (oddly enough) Utah.
Pennsylvania seems to be out of reach right now, so a sweep of the other battlegrounds seems necessary.
ADVERTISEMENT
He's currently down by over 15 percentage points in both New York and California, as well as 10 points in Illinois. Most national polls have him down by at least 3 points and possibly as many as 14, with the FiveThirtyEight and RealClearPolitics averages both over 5 points.
But after FBI Director James Comey's surprise announcement on Oct. 28 that Clinton's emails were once again under review, the numbers did shift more toward Trump — but probably not dramatically enough for Trump to take a popular vote lead.
However, it is conceivable that Comey's letter could shift just enough voters in the swing states to give Trump wins in all of them — understanding, of course, that Comey announced on Saturday that the emails have now been reviewed and his earlier decision not to pursue action against Clinton still stands.
We therefore could be looking at another scenario, like in 2000, wherein the popular vote winner loses the Electoral College.
In truth, the Electoral College is an anachronism. The Founding Fathers initially feared that the popular will of the people might lead to a demagogue becoming president, so they enacted this barrier — an antidemocratic measure, to be sure.
Sadly, it means that a New York Republican's vote counts less than a Florida Republican's vote, and the same could be said for a Democratic voter in Oklahoma, whose vote doesn't seem to count at all.
Four times in our history, the popular vote winner did not become president (1824, 1876, 1888 and 2000).
Yet, strangely, we've not only never fixed this issue, but have never seriously even sought to fix it. Candidates for president aren't even asked about it, despite the fact that it causes serious division within our country, since candidates won't bother to try to convince voters in states they feel they can't win.
2. Voter suppression
According to Ballotpedia, 31 states currently have voter ID laws, with 16 requiring photos ID. These laws make it more difficult for poor people to vote, since they are less likely to have photo ID.
Republicans have made this a key issue, claiming that voter fraud exists, despite the fact that a Washington Post analysis showed only 31 cases of voter fraud in over 1 billion votes cast.
To make matters worse, ex-cons who have served their time are also often kept from voting. The 14th Amendment allows states to bar people from voting due to a conviction. This has translated to over 6 million people not being eligible to vote, many of them minority voters.
In many cases, these are people who have already served their time, plus probation. There is no legitimate reason that they should have their voting rights taken away, yet it happens and the effect definitely leans in the Republicans' favor.
And, of course, there's the trick of simply making voters wait excessively long times by reducing the number of polling stations. Forcing some people to wait hours to vote is an obvious way to suppress turnout.
In Maricopa County, Arizona, for instance, voting stations were reduced from 200 to 60. And across the nation, average voting times by state vary wildly.
3. Gerrymandering
While gerrymandering doesn't affect the presidential race, it does have a huge effect on congressional races.
Republicans, using new technology that allows them to redraw congressional districts based on data that previous gerrymanderers could only have dreamed of, have taken this to new heights.
It's why, when you look at a congressional map, you'll see many districts that look more like octopuses, with arms stretching in a way to ensure the most congressional seats. It is entirely possible that Democrats could receive millions more congressional votes, yet still be the minority party in the House.
This happened in 2012, when Democrats as a whole got about 1.4 million more votes than Republicans, yet lost the House by 34 seats.
4. Outside interference
A foreign government (let's say — hypothetically — Russia) working with an anarchist organization (let's say WikiLeaks) could influence our election by hacking into the files of a candidate they oppose (let's say Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE) and not doing anything to damage her opponent.
Also, a gung-ho FBI director could influence the election by giving his personal opinions about an investigation that produced no charges or by releasing a letter just 11 days before an election saying the investigation has new material to review, even though he doesn't know if the material really amounts to anything (hypothetically).
Despite the almost divine stature often attributed to our Constitution, it is not perfect. Even the existence of a Senate, which gives unequal representation to less populated states, is in fact undemocratic.
The ironic thing is that these problems could be fixed if we had the political will to fix them, but their very existence divides the country and makes them difficult to remedy.
Rosenfeld is an educator and historian who has done work for Scribner, Macmillan and Newsweek and contributes frequently to The Hill.
This piece was revised on Monday, Nov. 7 at 3:35 p.m.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
Philosophy doesn't have to be daunting. Thanks to the Continuing Education program at Oxford University, you can ease into philosophical thinking by listening to five lectures collectively called Philosophy for Beginners. (Find them above. They're also on iTunesU in audio and video, plus on YouTube.). Taught by Marianne Talbot, Lecture 1 starts with a "Romp Through the History of Philosophy" and moves in a brief hour from Ancient Greece to the present. Subsequent lectures (usually running about 90 minutes) cover the following topics: logic, ethics, politics, metaphysics, epistemology, and language. For those hankering for more philosophy, see our collection of Free Online Philosophy Courses, a subset of our collection, 1,300 Free Online Courses from Top Universities.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter and share intelligent media with your friends. Or better yet, sign up for our daily email and get a daily dose of Open Culture in your inbox.
If you'd like to support Open Culture and our mission, please consider making a donation to our site. It's hard to rely 100% on ads, and your contributions will help us provide the best free cultural and educational materials.
This was an unusually clear-eyed documentary following British Muslims in consenting polygamous marriages. I managed to not disapprove almost all the way through
My official position on the manner in which consenting adults choose to arrange their personal lives is: I don't care. In reality, I faintly disapprove of almost everything everyone else does, generally for petty reasons of my own, hence the need to establish an official position. I want to be thought of as someone who is hard to scandalise.
The Men With Many Wives (Channel 4), a documentary about polygamy among British Muslims, should not have presented much of a challenge. Polygamy is illegal in Britain, but permitted under sharia law. There are by some estimates up to 20,000 polygamous marriages in Britain. Personally, I think polygamy is a bad look – belittling to women and hard to justify on any grounds, religious or otherwise – but if everybody involved is a willing participant, then officially, I don't care.
I will, however, permit myself a bit of bewilderment: why? Who would be a polygamist?
“There are a lot of guys out there who are very well established, very successful men who can handle two, three wives easily,” said multiple-marriage broker Mizan Raja. “No problem, 'cos they got high libido rates, they sincerely want more children, you know, why not?”
Hasan, 32, tried to make it sound as if he were doing his soon-to-be third wife a giant favour. She doesn't yet wear the niqab like his other two wives, so he's gone down to the shops to pick one out for her. “This is the new one,” said the shopkeeper, holding up an example in black. I confess I was a bit surprised by that. I didn't realise they were still coming out with new models.
Hasan's third wedding was to be a low-key affair; he wouldn't invite his other wives. “Even though they're accepting of polygamy, you don't want to rub their faces in it,” he said. This is the kind of thoughtful thing Hasan was prone to say, but when you watched him pick up his kids from nursery, take them home and give them their tea while his wife – well, one of his wives – was at work, you might be tempted to think: “As long as everyone's cool with it, is polygamy really so terrible?” I don't think that, though. I don't think anything.
Omar, a physicist, met Raja with an eye toward acquiring a second wife. When asked why, he said: “No reason other than this is allowed.” His wife seemed just as keen. “I want to revive something that's dying out,” she said. It is not my place to point out that these are both terrible reasons.
It fell to the marriage broker to explain the attraction for men. “For 80%, it's a sexually driven thing,” he said. For the women, he said, it offers security. Many of his female clients are divorced with children, and are willing to become a second or third wife rather than be alone and unsupported. Shaheen is one such woman, who is now both a co-wife and a single mother – her husband hasn't been around in months, and she is planning a sharia divorce.
After Hasan's wedding, his new wife obediently donned the niqab. “Some people cover their cars,” he said. “In a similar way, my wife is being covered as protection for me.” At that point, I had to sort of remind myself that I didn't care. He spent his wedding night at the house of one of his other wives. I guess you can't really mess with the rota.
Up in Sheffield, Mohammed was keeping two families in separate houses, plus a third in Morocco, despite being unemployed. He has 11 children altogether, with some of his benefits going out to support his Moroccan family. I think I may disapprove of this. His British wives didn't like it much either. It's a shame, they were all constantly telling him, that they have to share him with two other wives. He held up his palms in self-exculpatory fashion. “This is Islam!” he said.
The Men With Many Wives was an unusually clear-eyed documentary that took all its subjects seriously and at face value. It was primarily a story of people struggling to keep relationships – lots of relationships – operative and afloat. More than anything else, it made one think about parallel hypocrisies in western marriage traditions. That's what I'll be thinking about for the rest of the week.
The programme ended with Hasan in his car, driving from one wife to another. “They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, isn't it,” he said. A postscript told us that Hasan and his new wife have now separated. Were I in a position to care, I'd say she was well out of it.
H&M has signed a Global Framework Agreement with IndustriAll Global Union and the Swedish metalworkers' union IF Metall, covering 1,6 million textile workers.
Swedish multinational clothing giant H&M has signed an agreement promising better rights for 1,6 million garment workers in its supply chain. The deal covers workers employed in 1,900 factories in countries such as Cambodia, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Turkey.
It includes the right to unionise, refuse to work in dangerous conditions and bargain collectively for better salaries.
IndustriALL general secretary Jyrki Raina, one of the architects behind the groundbreaking Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh which was first signed by H&M, said:
“This agreement opens an exciting new chapter in the relationship between IndustriALL Global Union and H&M. It cements the path towards a sustainable garment industry with unionised workforce, constructive labour-management relations, living wages through industry level collective agreements, and safe workplaces.”
The agreement sets up national monitoring committees to safeguard the implementation of the agreement from the factory floor upwards, and to create dialogue between workers and employers at factory level.
The textile industry is notorious for low wages and unsafe conditions, as suppliers compete to produce clothing for major brands. This creates a global race to the bottom that mostly affects women, who make up two thirds of the workforce.
There have been a number of shocking industrial disasters of the past few years that highlight poor conditions in the supply chain. The collapse of the Rana Plaza factory complex in Bangladesh in 2013, killing more than 1,100 people, galvanised public opinion and gave unions the leverage they needed to take coordinated action against companies who had failed to take responsibility for their supply chain.
Lead by the global unions IndustriAll and UNI, the Bangladesh Accord was signed by 190 brands. The unions also sought – and won – compensation for the families of those killed in the disaster.
H&M and Inditex – the owners of Zara – have worked with global unions and the ILO to boost rights. IndustriAll has previously signed an agreement with Inditex, covering a million workers.
H&M acknowledges that monitoring the supply chain is difficult: “Achieving 100 percent compliance with all our requirements amongst all our suppliers is a challenge,” the company said in its 2014 Sustainability Report.
“Major challenges are health and safety, excessive overtime, wages, freedom of association and industrial relations.”
While international agreements are powerful statements of intent, they are only effective with strong monitoring at factory level to ensure compliance. The establishment of national monitoring committees is intended to support this, but ultimately the development of strong, independent trade unions in the textile industry is crucial to making a long term difference to workers' conditions.
Despite agreements signed between unions and employers at international level, national governments – under pressure from local business owners – undermine union organising efforts.
Global Framework Agreements
Global Framework Agreements (GFAs) protect the interests of workers employed in all operations of the multinational companies who sign them.
GFAs are negotiated at the global level between trade unions and companies. They establish the best possible standards on trade union rights, on health and safety, and on the labour relations principles adhered to by the company in its global operations, regardless of the standards existing in a particular country.
The GFA with H&M establishes that:
The parties will jointly promote signing of collective agreements both at factory, company and industrial level between relevant social partners
Workers have the right to refuse unsafe work as part of their health and safety rights
The parties will provide training for both management and union representatives on employers' responsibilities, workers' rights and obligations, industrial relations, collective bargaining agreements and peaceful conflict resolution
H&M will actively use all its possible leverage to ensure that its direct suppliers respect human and trade union rights in the workplace
Workers' representatives are not discriminated against and have access to carry out their representative functions in the workplace
– You can download the framework agreement here.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
At UFC 219 we have the biggest matchup in women's mixed martial arts this year and no worse than the 4th biggest fight in the history of women's mixed martial arts when discussing the caliber, accomplishment, physical and technical tools of the fighters.
This Saturday night we have a match between, former UFC Featherweight title challenger, multiple time boxing champion and former Ultimate Fighting Championship Bantamweight champion Holly Holm. On the other side of the octagon will be former Strikeforce, Invicta and current UFC Featherweight champion, Cristiane “Cyborg” Justino.
In Part 1 I laid out the eight things that have assisted, limited and defined Holly in her wildly uneven, though successful, run as a world championship boxer and world class mixed martial arts fighter.
Today I am going to address five talking points about the other half of this fight Cristiane “Cyborg” Justino, discussing the positives, negatives and intangibles that will define one of the biggest fights in women's mixed martial arts history.
5) “Cyborg” is one of the best all-round fighters in women's mixed martial arts, unlike fighters who lean exclusively on athleticism (Julianna Pena, Elizabeth Phillips), fighters who build their game exclusively around one skillset/range (Ronda Rousey, Sara McMann). Justino is much more like her male compatriots in that she has a wide array of skills and has enough depth of skill in each area to challenge or meet challenges regardless of where the fight takes place. Justino has supplemented her skills and developed versatility in them by training with a variety of camps (Kings, Team Punishment, and RVCA), coaches (Parillo, Cordeiro, Ortiz) and sparring partners (Gabi Garcia, Leslie Smith, Clarissa Shields, Mia St. John).
On top of that Cyborg has made it a point to stay competitive not just in mixed martial arts, but also in other combat sports (Muay Thai, Competitive Grappling & Wrestling); Justino has won world championships in the IBJJF purple belt division (2x), bronze medalist ADCC, and two time amateur wrestling champion in Brazil (Snr Freestyle State Champion & Snr Freestyle Brazil Cup International Champion). Most recently Justino faced undefeated and pound for pound female fighter Jorina Baars in Muay Thai. When it comes to women's mixed martial arts, very few fighters have the level of instruction, sparring and competition (in numerous combat sports) that Justino has. Which also explains why so few fighters show the diversity, depth and nuance of skill, strategy and IQ in mixed martial arts that Cyborg does.
4) Justino is the most dangerous fight for Holm, unlike other fighters who may have a better balance of skills or maybe have a better depth of skill in a specific range of mixed martial arts. Justino actually is comparable, and most would say superior, to Holm in regards to physical tools. The advantages in strength, size, mobility, speed and explosiveness that allow Holly to limit the price she pays for fundamental flaws in her stance, lines of delivery in her boxing, or her ability to set up her offense. The physical gifts that allow her to navigate those shortcomings will essentially be neutralized, meaning that Holly can and will be punished for every technical gaffe or strategic misstep.
3) Cyborg is an aggressive counter puncher, what this means is she comes forward staying in range to land her strikes, cut the cage and pressure. The physical presence of Justino creates the sense of a threat which makes her opponent feel they need to throw strikes to relieve the pressure being applied, this allows the aggressor to land their own offense based on the openings created by their opponent's attempt to create space by throwing strikes. The benefit of this approach is twofold, first it is mentally draining. When a fighter doesn't have a safe zone or an easy way to get away from the threat posed, their mind is in a constant state of distress.
The second front this approach attacks people on is the physical one, as fighters are forced to move attack and defend at a higher pace and with more intensity than normal which will create lapses defensively and offensively that are a direct result of exhaustion. “Cyborg” has shown this versus Charmaine Tweet and Daria Imbragimova. For a more famous example of this you can always refer to the Media/Sporting event Mayweather vs McGregor.
2) Stylistically this is a difficult fight for Justino, unlike most fighters who get their wins by exchanging, pressuring their opponents whether it is to grapple or to strike. Holm on the other hand is a mobile, long athletic fighter, with good footwork, and an outfighting counter striker; meaning that Cyborg is going to have to find Holly, she won't be there to be clinched, be trapped, be pressured or be hit as easily or consistently as the majority of her opponents. Due to her extensive boxing competition experience, footwork and mobility Cyborg will have a difficult time cutting the cage off, more importantly she will be more meticulous in applying said pressure due to Holm's counterpunching identity and advanced footwork, which will allow her to set traps and create counter opportunities for her punches and kicks.
“Cyborg” likes to pressure opponents into mistakes, and while Holly makes a lot of them, most of them are made when she leads. When Holm is backing up, circling, setting the range and countering an aggressive opponent is when she is almost untouchable. Don't believe me; ask Bethe Correia and Ronda Rousey.
1) Cyborg's biggest strength isn't her physicality or her power or her athleticism it is her technical skill/cage IQ. Her ability to transition between skills and correctly use skill for the circumstance she finds herself in. Unlike Holly, Justino is more than capable of producing consistent, controlled pressure, this is in large part due to her balanced stance and excellent mechanics.
Justino comes in behind an active and disruptive jab, her jab has multiple purposes. It serves as a line of defense and an offensive tool, on the rare occasion when an opponent can slip or parry it Cyborg's jab becomes a setup for the rest of her arsenal as her opponents response to the jab creates lanes for straight punches, crosses and hooks. All of which are generated in the form of three to four punch organic combinations, that allow her to attack both the head and body. In most cases that spells the end for the majority of fighters, but in the rare instance that a fighter can survive the initial assault and has the savviness to angle or circle out, Justino can rely on her kicks. She uses them to control her opponent's movement, take away alternate escape routes and force them backwards; which allows her to trap them and open up with her hands, or initiate a clinch where she alternates between double collar tie up and frames while unleashing a torrent of knees, punches and elbows on her hapless victim. She then can choose to continue to run them through the meat grinder which is her clinch or she can use inside/outside trips or throws where she can gain top position and finish the fight with her particular brand of ground and pound.
Unlike many fighters whose success is tied to a unique style or physical gift, “Cyborg” advantage is often the only one that really matters at the elite level, at that level the attributes tend to balance out; the one thing that never becomes less effective is the one thing most fighters don't focus on, skill.
Cyborg is on the cusp of greatness, finally getting a chance to perform on the big stage versus the kind of opponent that can take her from mixed martial arts superstar, to legitimate crossover superstar. The only thing standing between her and her dream is Holly Holm.
As stated earlier, Holm is the most accomplished and physically gifted opponent Cyborg has faced. Stylistically she is a nightmare matchup due to the combination of skills, experience and physical gifts; unfortunately for Holm the only place she presents problems is stylistically.
Cyborg is the better athlete and all round the more technical fighter, which means that while Holm presents problems, Cyborg presents danger. I will take the dangerous fighter over the problematic fighter, as I fully expect Cyborg to win in spectacular fashion cementing herself as the best WMMA fighter of all time and completing her 12 year journey to superstardom.
Much of this shift can be attributed to a growing Latino population. Historically Roman Catholic, nearly one in three Latinos today identify as former Catholics. Ex-Catholics tend to veer in one of two directions: they either become Pentecostals or Evangelical Protestants, or they identify themselves as agnostic or atheist. According to Pew Research Center's 2013 National Survey of Latinos and Religion, only 40 percent of Hispanic Catholics attend weekly services; comparatively, 71 percent of Hispanic Evangelical Protestants do so.
Beyond the Christian faith, immigration is shaping the religious landscape of America and influencing the church purchasing process. A recent map from the Association of Statisticians of American Religious Bodies of the second most popular religions in states across the country showed that Islam, Judaism, and Buddhism were represented strongly across the country. Though Christianity remains the overwhelmingly dominant religion of choice in the U.S., other faiths are quickly growing, such as Hinduism in Arizona and Delaware and the Baha'i faith in South Carolina.
Mary Raphael, co-owner along with her husband Dave of Raphael Realty, knows this. Their southern California realty firm has dealt solely with sales of religious properties for 35 years.
Raphael traces the most recent upswing in church sales to the burst of the housing bubble in 2008. While parishioners were struggling with making mortgage payments and impending foreclosures, churches too dipped into their reserves to pay off refinanced properties. But this method sometimes backfired.
“So many people were losing their jobs and churches can't continue for years on their reserves,” Raphael said. “Tithings to churches had declined so much for such a long period that a number of churches used up reserves and refinanced properties. We had foreclosures on churches.” Raphael's observation matches statistics: Giving USA released a recent report noting that donations to smaller churches had fallen by 10 percent during the past year and hadn't yet recovered from pre-recession era donation rates.
What made finances more complicated for churches is that banks often don't like to be associated with lending to religious institutions, fearing it might isolate their consumer base who might not agree with being associated with a religious organization views, says Raphael.
“It makes it very difficult,” Raphael said of the banking process for churches. “It's hard to document income for churches since they keep their own records and [finances] must be verified by an outsider. Lenders avoid [churches] since it's bad PR.”
This puts churches in a bind: They can't maintain their properties, and despite wanting to stay open—sometimes very desperately—they end up stumbling into foreclosure. Churches have the added obstacle of legally being nonprofits and requiring a very different legal system than businesses or individuals buying and selling property.
Nixonland, Rick Perlstein's mammoth survey of a political landscape polarized by one powerful, vindictive man, addresses Nixon's followers' habit of “heightening the contradictions.” They picked up the trick from leftist protesters, of all sources—those who sought to intensify confrontations with police with obscenity and inflamed rhetoric, picking fights to bring out the worst in their opponents. Nixon knew how to play the game on a national scale, drawing the supporters of what he dubbed “the silent majority” to one side, and portraying the opposition as suspect, un-American sorts living on the other end of a great divide. One segment of the country responded with revolutionary fervor, while the other cheered on Peter Boyle in Joe as he killed hippies. Nixon presided over not one America, but two, and he had a hand in shaping each of them, and in pushing them apart.
He also played a role, however indirectly, in shaping Randall Flagg, the villain of Stephen King's mammoth apocalyptic novel The Stand. Here's how King describes Flagg, a darkly charismatic, demonic man clad in a denim jacket with a smiley-face button on one lapel and a button featuring a pig wearing a policeman's cap on the other:
He was known, well known, along the highways in hiding that are traveled by the poor and the mad, by the professional revolutionaries and by those who have been taught to hate so well that their hate shows on their faces like harelips and they are unwanted except by others like them, who welcome them to cheap rooms with slogans and posters on the walls, to basements where lengths of sawed-off pipe are held in padded vises while they are stuffed with high explosives, to back rooms where lunatic plans are laid.
Advertisement
Left-wing? Right-wing? It didn't matter. Flagg thrives on the hateful fringes in the America of The Stand, heightening the contradictions of a country blissfully unaware of the coming disaster, a government-created plague that, once accidentally freed, wipes out most humanity at an alarming rate. Flagg then becomes the satanic pole in a battle between good and evil in an America where the distinction between the two becomes as sharp as the division between left and right in Nixon's America. Flagg presides over a Las Vegas of criminals, malcontents, and bedraggled technocrats who seek to dominate or eliminate the peace-loving, democracy-espousing inhabitants of Boulder, Colorado. The land is divided along different lines, but Flagg understands the usefulness of a distinctive schism. It takes little transition to move from exploiting politics that masquerade as morality to exploiting morality that imitates politics.
I've read King's books off and on since the early '80s, when my fifth-grade teacher worriedly informed my mother that Christine might be too adult for an 11-year-old. (He was probably right.) Compared to other A.V. Club staffers—particularly Zack Handlen and Tasha Robinson—I'm not all that well-versed in King, but looking over his bibliography, I was surprised by how many King books I had read. Over the years, I've gone from reading him for the lurid thrills to appreciating his skill both as a storyteller and a chronicler of the fabric of everyday American life. King clutters his fiction, or at least the chunk I've read, with references to mundane elements like candy-bar names and car models. When he writes a scene featuring a television, he always lets readers know what show is airing. He recreates the world as we know it—either today or in the recent past—which makes disruptions to that world that much more terrifying. The details matter. Dorothy Allison once said that people mistakenly think King writes horror fiction, when he's really a working-class realist. That sounds about right to me.
Advertisement
But writing working-class realism doesn't preclude writing horror or other genres. And with The Stand, King wrote a continent-spanning piece of apocalyptic fiction that follows a handful of plague survivors as they watch the world fall apart, then start to piece itself back together under the shadow of a tremendous threat. This column asks a question, “Better late than never?” So let me respond immediately with a mildly qualified “yes.” If I'd read The Stand earlier, say sometime between consuming It and The Dead Zone in high-school study-hall sessions, I almost certainly would have dug it for its compelling story—as I did this time—but I would have been less troubled by its slow abandonment of moral ambiguity. It begins as a Boschian nightmare of amplified 1970s political and cultural currents, and ends in an America that's been turned into, as one character points out, a cosmic moral chessboard. The former is more compelling, and scarier, than the latter.
I enjoyed The Stand from start to finish, but never as much as in its first third, when the fast-acting “superflu” known as Captain Trips destroys an America that was already destroying itself. The government—the same one that recently lied to the American people about Watergate and the origins and scale of the war in Vietnam—uses terrifying violence to enforce an official story. Television broadcasts get overrun by black militants who perform public executions for a dying populace, getting in some last licks in a race war that's about to become irrelevant. The superflu is a poison, but it's also a catalyst, exacerbating and speeding up the conflicts already in play. It's less a new development than the last chapter in the story of an ongoing American apocalypse. It heightens the contradictions until they can't be heightened any more.
The Stand is a product of the '70s, though its origins got a little obscured by the 1990 release of The Stand: The Complete & Uncut Edition, which added about 400 pages to the already sizable book, bringing it to a mammoth 1,153 pages. In 2009, King told Time the cuts nagged him and had originally been made because binding issues made it impossible for Doubleday, his publisher at the time, to release his original manuscript as one volume. But for the expanded release, King also updated the book to be set in 1990, performing a rewrite that threw in a crack at Ronald Reagan and updated the pop-culture references. Some of them, anyway. The Stand's inhabitants attend the latest Nightmare On Elm Street and Rambo movies, but they also drive new Datsuns, a brand name that had faded out by the early '80s. One character is on the cusp of becoming a rock star when the plague hits, and King describes him as performing the kind of easygoing, defanged hippie pop that would have no place in any decade but the '70s. I've only read the extended version—the original cut has gone the way of New Coke and Hydrox—but the original text keeps glowing through the changes, creating a weird sense of cognitive dissonance. King created an exacting depiction of a particular moment in American culture, then went through with spray paint to reshape the details. Happily, the graffiti is pretty easy to ignore.
Advertisement
The Stand is a book of aerial footage and close-ups, with little use for medium shots. King is skilled at showing the scope of his ruined world and of those left to make what they can of it. He also has a Dickensian talent for establishing characters with a few key details, and a gift for deepening readers' understanding of those characters across hundreds of pages. Where a lesser writer might have filled The Stand with broadly drawn types, King sticks to flu-resistant characters who seem as if they were randomly chosen to survive, from a tight-lipped East Texan to a pregnant college student from Maine. King makes them and their baffled reactions seem real, and his writing ability gives the novel a heightened sense of danger and loss. In one chapter, a woman struggles—both physically and psychologically—with the need to bury her father. It's remarkably easy to imagine having to do the same, and King's emphasis on the grim details makes it that much easier to empathize with her plight.
What kept me interested in the book after I started to lose interest in its world were the characters and King's gift for keeping the momentum going even as The Stand stretched on and on. As the recognizable details of the '70s he destroyed start to fall away, King turns the book into a shade-free struggle between capital-G good and capital-E evil, complete with a cameo from the Hand Of God Himself. The characters are tortured by flashes of moral ambiguity, particularly my favorite character, Harold Lauder, a heavyset, teenaged aspiring writer who's bitter that the end of the world hasn't made his adolescent power fantasies come true. Even Flagg is troubled by human frailty, and he ends the book looking less like Satan incarnate than like someone who was loaned a little power and mistook it for a gift.
But the universe has little room for doubt, and as the characters started to talk about the will of God with the confidence of converts, The Stand started to puzzle me. How could a book that opens with such a disturbing depiction of the conflicting cultural currents sweeping the country embrace such a simple worldview? Maybe it's an act of wish-fulfillment, an attempt to eliminate the divisions of Nixonland, with its claims of absolute right and wrong. Instead, it gets down to what right and wrong are really all about, even if it becomes necessary to wipe out most of the world's population to squelch the noise that got louder and uglier as the '60s turned into the '70s and the '70s rolled on to an uncertain, unhopeful end. I can respect that without buying it.
Advertisement
In the end, The Stand feels like the work of a powerful imagination scoffing off others' incendiary philosophies, but falling back on fairy-tale figures to fill in the blanks. The good people flock to one point on the map, the evil to another. Post-plague, the characters of The Stand live in a world where they can know evil when they see it—whether it arrives wearing a denim jacket or not—and have the time and resources to choose to embrace the good. It's just another land of artificially heightened contradictions, and unlike the world of the novel's opening chapters, or in many of King's other novels, it's nothing like a world you or I will ever see.
Adam Fingerman | Aug 30, 2016 by:| Aug 30, 2016
While the tech industry has been abuzz with talk about bots that live on messaging platforms, there's a parallel evolution happening with a different kind of conversational app: voice assistants. It's particularly interesting when it comes to the emergence of the home assistant hardware category.
As the tech heavyweights duke it out to have voice assistants at the center of the smart home, Amazon has taken a cue from past digital devices by making its voice assistant Alexa extremely developer friendly to encourage custom apps to be built for its platform. That fact alone might just help its first-to-market Echo device maintain a stronghold on the home assistant category.
Amazon launched the Echo home assistant, with Alexa on board, in June 2015 to a lot of raised eyebrows from consumers that simply didn't get it. But the platform has slowly taken hold with early adopters that swear by Alexa's ability to understand language, and with developers who have now created more than 1000 apps (or as Amazon calls them, “skills”). Amazon has since upped its big bet on the home assistant market by reportedly increasing its Echo/Alexa team size to more than 1000 dedicated workers.
Meanwhile, Google is about to launch its Google Home with its built-in voice assistant, and Apple's Siri continues to mature on iPhone, iPad and the new Apple TV. There's also Microsoft's Cortana, which is mostly used on Windows phones but is also available on iOS and Android as a standalone app.
So, where is the market heading for these voice assistants, and who will own the home? Let me start by taking what seems like an enormous step back in time — 6 years.
The evolution of the Siri voice assistant
The category of voice assistants became relevant with the introduction of Siri in 2010. And no, I'm not talking about Apple's Siri — I mean Siri's Siri.
Long before it had a dedicated home in iOS, Siri started as a standalone company that created a first-of-its-kind voice assistant software. It was, at the time, an open platform that allowed developers to build apps and leverage Siri through third-party APIs. And for its time, Siri was able to interpret human language fairly accurately, efficiently help its master complete tasks without much of a learning curve, and it had a unique personality. Siri represented a major breakthrough in the category; no other product came close.
If Alexa's a favorite of developers, then the software will follow. And if there is more software, it will appeal to more consumers.
When Apple acquired Siri, some in the industry considered it a setback. Yes, Siri usage exploded as millions of iPhone and iPad users had default access to Siri when iOS 5 was introduced in 2011. But Apple effectively closed the doors on integrations, stifling the potential for third-party applications that could have ultimately made Siri more valuable for users. Over the past few years, Siri has since grown incrementally more capable as Apple added new languages (Siri now is “localized” in 34 languages) and extended how it could access data on a user's phone. And now, Apple is slowly opening Siri up to external developers — including with the recent introduction of SiriKit — but there are still many limitations to Siri's reach and intelligence.
Meanwhile, Google Now and Cortana followed Siri, starting as task-oriented “assistants” with custom interfaces. But to date, they've mostly acted as voice-triggered web search engines, limited in part by their captivity on phones.
Amazon Echo and Alexa opened the door for innovation
When Amazon Echo with built-in Alexa was introduced in 2015, many consumers didn't immediately understand the benefit of a home assistant. But developers and technophiles did, and Alexa was built in a way other Amazon services have been built (e.g. its Amazon Web Services cloud-based infrastructure) — as an open platform. It was a new category of device that third parties could use to create their own applications. Alexa on its own is not very powerful: It can do basic search and stats (i.e. weather, sports), play some multimedia content, and most importantly to Amazon, order things. But the potential consumer appeal of Alexa becomes orders of magnitude larger if more brands and businesses take advantage of its simplified SDK and create new capabilities.
During our annual hackathon in January, one of our teams built a proof-of-concept app that integrated our Pingboard powered employee directory, some location-sensing beacons that could track employees based on the whereabouts of their mobile phones, and Alexa. The hack solution, developed in two days, would allow us to ask Alexa, “Where is Eric Shapiro?” If our CEO was in the building, Echo/Alexa would tell us exactly where.
We had fun speaking with Alexa, and learned something very important: Building a multifaceted app that integrates with multiple services and Alexa was actually pretty simple.
Placing boundaries on natural language processing
Being open to third-parties is crucial for building momentum with other businesses and services. But Alexa also excels at understanding what users ask of it. At the core of its natural language processing capabilities is what the company calls Alexa Voice Service.
It's difficult to quantify accuracy other than from personal experiences, but many in the industry (myself included) feel Alexa is a cut above the other assistants in understanding what users are asking for. One reason, as others have noted, is that Alexa operates like a programming command line. You provide a command to Alexa with specific parameters and variables, and it executes on it. If you deviate from that command line structure, it will simply not work. This puts some of the responsibility on the user to know how to ask a question in a format Alexa understands. But from my experience, once a user understands this back and forth, the efficiency at completing the requested task is outstanding.
There is a tradeoff here. Google and Apple's Siri don't have any such boundaries, as they attempt to listen and respond in a much more natural approach to language. These have more potential than the current Alexa to eventually feel much more like a human interaction. Amazon may be stifling the future of Alexa by putting in these boundaries. But for user experience right now, the command-line approach works much better.
Accurate home assistant + open platform = developer friendly
So, Alexa is open for developers to easily create apps. And Amazon has set boundaries on how its language processing works that makes it a better user experience today than other home assistants. Together, those two factors make Alexa a very friendly developer platform. Open, defined and doable.
Apple's Siri, by comparison, is fairly unfriendly to developers. Even the new SiriKit allows for only seven different types of applications on the iPhone and iPad. And on AppleTV, Siri isn't open at all — at least yet. Given the high failure rate of Siri to understand user requests, developers will continue to be less inclined to build products for it. This natural language failure is another limiting factor.
Google could still own the home assistant market
Google is approaching voice assistants from multiple angles — and probably has the best chance to challenge Alexa in terms of wide developer support. Announced at the recent Google I/O developer conference, the Google Home assistant is the company's answer to Amazon Echo. Google hasn't yet announced how much or if the platform will be available to developers for companion apps, but if its Android ecosystem is any indication, you can bet the company will encourage innovation by third parties.
From an intelligence point of view, Google has unparalleled capability with its experience in machine learning and access to data. Google also has arguably the strongest foundation to understand user intent with its Knowledge Graph. Google's voice assistant capabilities aren't as bound as Amazon, which means there's more chance for failure now but more potential later than its own AI and natural language processing improves.
With all this said, Google is the only one of the three without a public API available for review, so how developer friendly the Google Home assistant will be is still very much to be determined.
‘It's about the software, stupid'
To summarize, Amazon's Alexa / Echo is open to developers and performs the best in terms of how it understands the user. Google is coming out with the new Google Home, while the company has probably the best data and intelligence in the tech industry, though at this point, its home platform is very undefined. Siri on iOS is starting to open up, but it's pretty limited in terms of what you can do with third-party integrations and Apple has been very unclear what role Siri will have in the home.
All of these subplots are changing daily. But at this point, Amazon is my clear favorite to win for developers looking to create custom home assistant apps. I'm not alone. Tech publisher Tim O'Reilly wrote last week, “Amazon is a platform thinker, and so they've provided a neat set of affordances not just for Alexa users but for Alexa developers.” If Alexa's a favorite of developers, then the software will follow. And if there is more software — whether we call them “apps” or “skills” — it will appeal to more consumers.
Just as the iTunes store with digital music files drove the iPod's success, and how apps have made mobile phones indispensable and ubiquitous, and even how apps are expected to drive the growth of connected TVs, we believe the same will be true for home assistants.
As tech pundit Walt Mossberg famously wrote in a review of the very first iPad, “It's about the software, stupid.” Put another way, developers and the apps they build may determine who wins the home assistant market.
Nothing shows its age faster than humor. In 1968, having deemed 11 Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons — popular in their own time two decades prior — too politically incorrect to air, United Artists withheld them from syndication. The “Censored 11” haven't aired on TV since, but clips have crept online, giving today's audiences a window into cringeworthy racist stereotypes once considered fit for Saturday-morning fun. A 1941 episode called “All this and Rabbit Stew” showed Bugs Bunny hunted by a dim-witted, black gambler (later reimagined as Elmer Fudd). In 1943, “Coal Black and De Sebben Dwarfs” parodied Disney's Snow White with an all-black cast. (Innovative despite its dubious content, the cartoon was named one of the 50 Greatest of All Time in 1994 based on votes from more than 1000 animation-industry professionals.) And 1944's “Goldilocks and the Jivin' Bears” likewise repopulates the popular story with an all-black cast, turning the Three Bears into jazz musicians, with many characters drawn in blackface style. It makes South Park look positively sensitive.
Next Song of the South
The southern hemisphere's biggest adventure park, being built in Christchurch's Port Hills, is on the lookout for more than 100 staff for its opening in December.
Work will start in August to find the full-time and part-time staff, a park spokeswoman said. Trail designers and a human resources and event manager have already been hired.
Work began on the $20 million park – located on 358 hectares of forested land between Dyers Pass, Worsleys and Summit roads – in March and was on track to open in December.
Joseph Johnson Excavation work on the Port Hills where the Christchurch Adventure Park will be located.
The park would include more than 100 kilometres of downhill mountain bike routes, a 1.8km chairlift capable of taking up to 1200 riders and their bikes up 435 vertical metres each hour, zip lines through the forest, rock climbing and a cafe and bar seating up to 180 people.
READ MORE:
* $20 million investment OKed for Christchurch Adventure Park
* Works begins on $20 million Christchurch Adventure Park
* Council pumps money into adventure park
* Council mulls putting money into Christchurch mountain bike park
* Firm committed to Christchurch mountain bike park
* Bike park tipped as big boost to tourism
* Port Hills bike park gets go-ahead
* Adventure park developers seek more investors
Five lodges and 14 cottages, accommodating 252 people, and a mountain coaster would be built within two or three years.
SUPPLIED A helicopter transports concrete to some of the more remote chairlift tower foundations at the Christchurch Adventure Park.
Fourteen chairlift towers were being shipped from Austria and the first towers were expected to be erected in September. The tower foundations were being prepared and helicopters used to transport concrete to areas trucks could not access.
Construction of the village had started and buildings including the ticketing office, bike shop and cafe were due to be finished in October, the spokeswoman said.
The coaching trails and upper trails had been designed and trail builders were working on other trails already established in the area to bring them up to the same level as the machine-built ones.
SUPPLIED Work progresses on the Christchurch Adventure Park village nestled at the base of Port Hills between Dyers Pass, Worsleys and Summit roads.
The zip line tour had been designed and included dual zip lines so visitors could experience it with a friend or partner. There would be four legs to the tour, with one of the legs about 1km long.
KANSAS: 90
HSC ROMA: 56
HOW TO WATCH
Rome - 2 Games
Milan - 2 Games
Watch LIVE and Archived Games
FloHoops' best content, delivered to your inbox!
For the Kansas men's basketball team, there was no apparent jet lag for its first game in Italy on Wednesday. The Jayhawks built a massive halftime lead and cruised to a 90-56 win over HSC Roma at Honey Sports City in Rome.Sophomore guard Malik Newman led four KU players in double figures with 16 points, while senior guard Devonte' Graham poured in 14, sophomore center Udoka Azubuike slammed home 13, and freshman forward Billy Preston added 10.The Jayhawks return to action Wednesday at 11:30 AM CT live on FloHoops Statistics courtesy of FIBA.Game 1: Wednesday, August 2 (11:30 AM CT)Game 2: Thursday, August 3 (11:30 AM CT)Game 3: Saturday, August 5 (noon CT)Game 4: Sunday, August 6 (noon CT)On TV: AppleTV 4 and Roku via the FloSports AppStreaming: Available only on FloHoops. A yearly FloPRO subscription provides access to all FloSports sites. SIGN UP HERE JOIN THE CONVERSATIONFollow FloHoops: Facebook Don't miss breaking news, feature stories, event updates, and more. Sign up for the FloHoops mailing list today.
A new study from Sweden indicates that vitamin D could help protect nerve cells (neurons) in multiple sclerosis (MS). The report, titled “vitamin D and axonal injury in multiple sclerosis,“ was published on October 13, 2015, in the Multiple Sclerosis Journal.
Scientists have demonstrated, in some studies, that high levels of vitamin D may be associated with decreased inflammation in MS, while others have failed to measure this effect. Inflammation is a reaction to bodily injury that may be over-activated in people with MS, and which may cause damage to axons, the part of neurons that allow them to connect and form circuits. A recent study of people with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) found that high-dose oral vitamin D3 supplementation did not influence markers of inflammation. Other studies have supported the anti-inflammatory effects of vitamin D on MS, but indicate that benefits may depend on the developmental stage at which the vitamin is given.
The researchers, led by Dr. Linda Sandberg of the Department of Pharmacology and Clinical Neuroscience, Section of Neurology, Umeå University, Sweden, wanted to know whether elevated serum 25(OH)D levels decrease injury to axons in people with MS. Serum 25(OH)D levels indicate how much vitamin D is available in the body. The team measured neurofilament light (NFL), a known marker for axonal injury, in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
.
The team enrolled study subjects at the Department of Neurology in Umeå University Hospital and performed several tests, including a blood draw, magnetic resonance imaging, scoring of disability, and lumbar puncture (spinal tap) in 153 patients at the start of the study, and 12 months later in 87 study subjects. The investigators analyzed several biological markers, including serum 25(OH)D levels and CSF-NFL, by using a test called enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).
As serum 25(OH)D went up, levels of CSF-NFL were found to decrease. This was a statistically significant effect, indicating that increases in available vitamin D correspond to decreases in a marker for axonal damage.
In their study report, the investigators noted that “High 25(OH)D levels are associated with decreased axonal injury in MS.”
The study provides further support for the beneficial effects of vitamin D in MS, but further research is necessary to clarify the controversy surrounding the vitamin. Careful attention to the design of studies of vitamin D and MS may also help to determine when the vitamin is most beneficial to patients with the disease.
Editors' note: A version of this editorial first appeared online on July 28.
At its national convention in July, the Democratic Party, under Hillary Clinton's leadership, adopted a platform that opposes a compromise that has held for almost four decades. Since 1977, the Hyde Amendment, which prohibits the use of federal funds to pay for abortions, has been routinely adopted into federal spending bills every year. As with any real compromise, no one on either side of the issue finds it fully satisfactory. Pro-choice activists decry it for restricting the choices of poor women who rely on Medicaid, while pro-lifers know that it does only the bare minimum to shield taxpayers from deeper entanglement in the moral tragedy of abortion. But the compromise has held—perhaps the only small patch of common ground in the American politics of abortion.
Advertisement
Mrs. Clinton, who has embraced and celebrated Planned Parenthood throughout her campaign, has been quickly withdrawing from this common ground. She has excised “rare” from the “safe, legal and rare” formulation her husband coined and she used as recently as 2008 to describe her position on abortion. Indeed, the practical effect of repealing the Hyde Amendment would be to make abortion significantly less rare than it is now. In 2012, Richard Doerflinger argued in the pages of America that, by conservative estimates, the Hyde Amendment reduces the incidence of abortion among recipients of Medicaid by 20 percent to 35 percent.
Defense of the Hyde Amendment is not intended to establish different legal rights for women on Medicaid and wealthier women. Nor is it solely about isolating tax dollars from the moral contagion of abortion. It reflects a recognition that funding something tends to make it more common, not more rare. What is at stake is a significant increase in the already distressingly high number of abortions in the United States. No one except the most extreme abortion advocates can suggest that would be a good outcome.
The only nuance Mrs. Clinton has shown on abortion in this campaign may be in her selection of Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as her running mate. Even though he has earned a 100 percent rating from the Planned Parenthood Action Fund and NARAL Pro-Choice America in his Senate career, pro-choice activists were skeptical because he had, in previous campaigns, described himself as “personally opposed” to abortion because of the values of his Catholic faith but committed to protecting its legality.
To be sure, being merely “personally opposed” to the injustice of abortion is as incoherent as being “personally opposed” to poverty or racism while protecting them in law. As he accepted the vice presidential nomination at the Democratic National Convention, Mr. Kaine spoke—to great cheers—about coming alive to the mission of social justice and concern for the marginalized as a result of his Jesuit education. The editors of this journal were among many Catholics heartened by these remarks, and we applaud his work for the poor and forgotten. But as long as Mr. Kaine does not recognize the unborn among the marginalized and to include them among the children for whom he promises to fight, he has not yet fully embraced the mission of social justice. As long as he continues to accept the moral myopia that pretends abortion can fix our society's failure to offer women the support necessary to feel secure even in unplanned or difficult pregnancies, he has not yet fully responded to the Gospel's call to care for those in need.
RELATED: VP Pick Sen. Tim Kaine Seeks to Balance Catholic Faith with Democratic Politics
But incoherent as it is, being “personally opposed” at least maintains some minimal contact with the difficult moral reality of abortion. The Democratic platform's call for the elimination of the Hyde Amendment forecloses the moral debate and abandons any attempt to find common ground. It tells pro-life Democrats that while the party may not yet be drumming them out, their days are probably numbered. It tells pro-lifers outside the party that those who advocate for an absolutist position on abortion also have an absolute grip on Democratic policy proposals.
In his first week in the campaign, Mr. Kaine has not clarified his own position on the Hyde Amendment. In his convention speech last night, he included a line in support of Roe v. Wade, but did not mention the party's support of expanded public funding for abortion. As recently as July 6, he responded to a question posed by The Weekly Standard about the platform change by saying that he would “check it out,” but he confirmed that he had “traditionally been a supporter” of the Hyde Amendment. After some initial confusion, the Clinton campaign now says that Mr. Kaine will support its repeal.
American voters deserve to hear Mr. Kaine explain his stand on the Hyde Amendment in his own words. By abandoning it, he is not only supporting a significant increase in the number of abortions but also signaling to pro-life Democrats that the party does not have room even for “personal opposition” to abortion. Beyond the direct injustice to the unborn, his shift also undermines even the limited common ground on abortion and leaves our politics worse off by far.
Editors' note: The morning after this editorial was published online, Mr. Kaine clarified his position on the Hyde Amendment, reaffirming his support. The editorial that appears in the August 15-22 issue includes these two final paragraphs in place of the preceding two.
As he was named to the ticket, Mr. Kaine's current position on the Hyde Amendment was unclear. He had supported it as recently as early July, but the campaign had also indicated that he would support the full party platform. On July 29, two days after his convention speech and one day after a version of this editorial posted online called for him to clarify his position on the Hyde Amendment, Mr. Kaine told CNN that he still supported it. His willingness to make a small break with the platform's abortion absolutism gives prolife Democrats a measure of hope that their party is not done with them yet.
Despite the wishes of some who call not only for acceptance of abortion but for its moral approbation, Americans are not done wrestling with abortion. The moral question is still alive. The Hyde Amendment maintains contact with that question—and it also helps reduce the overall number of abortions. It should be vigorously defended.
How do you review a sim that's been out since 2006? Well, you don't, and this article talks about what FSX Steam Edition is and how it is different from the original FSX and FSX Acceleration releases.
It's Alive!
In the lead up to the annual ‘Steam Winter (don't say Christmas, whew, got away with it, close one) Sale' Microsoft's FSX appeared on sale for a pretty low price of around $5. The developer was still listed as Microsoft, but the publisher was Dovetail Games, or more commonly known as ‘The Train Simulator' people. This release caused quite a fair bit of confusion. Was it the same as the one we have on DVD's already, would it be 64-bit, or DX-10 with better shaders, would it just be FSX but with really detailed trains on the ground? Is there now deeply unflattering Steam lipstick on our beloved fresh-faced FSX pig? Here's the store page:
http://store.steampowered.com/app/314160/
Inquiring minds needed to know, but more importantly for the Steam Sale crowd, it was *really cheap*, so pretty much an insta-buy for anyone who could spell ‘plain'. It sold like hot sausages in a dog shelter. For me personally, the price fell under the ‘Too lazy that I don't want to walk down to the basement and get a disk' must buy purchase category.
So what is FSX Steam Edition? In summary it is the same sim (FSX and the Acceleration disks) we all know and love, but with a couple of tweaks to allow it to work on more modern computers. Dovetail have struck a deal with Microsoft to update the base code, but only in terms of recompiling it for some basic optimizations, some tweaks for the beloved Windows 8, Multiplayer updates for Steam (rest in pieces Gamespy) and the incorporation of Dovetails ‘add-on' licensing DLC. Dovetail can tweak but not alter the codebase radically. This is not a true sequel, but more a ‘The DLC Shot First, Special Edition'. Prepare3D is still for the ‘pro market' and with licensing costs to match, and that's where the FSX code will continue to evolve. Dovetail have announced they are working on an actual flight sim sequel, but that is still some way away and this isn't it.
Do My FSX Add-Ons Still Work?
In summary, maybe. Some of the more active FSX add-on developers are updating their installers to work with the Steam edition, as really the only change has been to the location of the Program Files and the default naming of settings from fsx.cfg to fsx-se.cfg. Things like FSUIPC have also been updated to include the new (recompiled) SDK libraries for this edition and TrackIR etc uses a newer simconnect.dll. It isn't recommended you have both Steam and non-Steam versions installed, although I didn't seem to have any issues with this. Popular payware like PMDG have updated, while I've read things like Captain Sim do not work so far. Dovetail have set up a compatbility list here:
http://steamcommunity.com/app/314160/discussions/2/
The general advice is certainly check before purchasing anything new, but unless the installer is especially custom or the integration complex, then it will probably just work fine.
Is It Any Better?
It seems more or less the same, maybe marginally better on a modern PC. On an [email protected], 16GB, R9290 it finally handles 60 frames per second over an airport (as long as the airport is small). With the initial release of FSX we all struggled manically to maximize performance, when really the solution was just to hibernate for 9 years and wait it out – so simple on retrospect. Unfortunately the ‘preview DX10' mode is still very poor, and doesn't have the same sort of optimizations that have been available via the popular ‘Steve's DX10 fixer'. This sort of optimizations may be not allowed as part of Dovetails/Microsoft's agreement.
The start-up screen has been altered, in that awful ‘web aware' way, but essentially nobody has moved your cheese – all options and menus are more or less than is.
The download size was about 10GB, and came out to be 16.4GB when on disk. The convenience factor (if on a decent internet connection, as a lot who use Steam are) is nice, and there have been a couple of minor patches out already. The multiplayer options are nice and simple, with integration of the Steamworks stuff of ‘friends' and server browsing.
Can I Interest You In the Rust Protection?
So what we have so far is actually some pretty good value. For the regular price of $25-ish you get an old but extensive flight simulator with 24,000 airports, the complete set of 24 aircraft from FSX Acceleration, and some fixes for stability and multiplayer. If you haven't already got FSX, or are interested in civil aviation then it seems like a slam-dunk. What could possibly go wrong?
The plan for FSX Steam edition now seems to be a platform where paid add-ons will be provided from Dovetail (and their first-party developers). Train Simulator and its DLC packs have been very successful on Steam for model train hobbyists, and this seems like the same plan for flight sims. There will be many (many) aircraft and mission packs now offered on Steam for this edition.
Here's a quick peek at the first three already, with the suspicion that 4E24 more are waiting in the wings:
DLC: Around The World In 80 Flights
Here you get the 1937 Lockheed Electra 10E to fly, and a series of 80(!) mission flight plans for legs that take you on a scenic tour of the entire world. The Pacific leg out from Hawaii comes with a free hallucinogenic effect on hour four, where two blue horizontal bars come alive and eat you. This was originally offered by First Class Sims for FS 2004 back in the day.
DLC: Early Years of Flight
Another First Class Sims FS2004 add-on re-issue, this pack contains a series of 5 vintage aircraft, some missions and scenery for the period. A nice collection of early aviation of rare aircraft, with that feeling of ‘flying tent poles' and imminent death built-in.
DLC: Discover Arabia
Hot off the presses today, the fire hose of add-ons continues, with this one having the award for Most Flowery Description so far ‘This odyssey of exploration takes you to the sun-drenched Arabian Peninsula and the Middle East.'. Includes the SeaRey float-plane, plus 44 flight plans. RWR not included.
Summary
So how to feel about the FSX Steam edition? On one hand what we have is a re-issue of a classic flight sim at a low price and some rough edges hewn off. People that wouldn't normally get to experience a decent flight sim now have the chance with a reasonably priced and conveniently downloadable title. The multiplayer is now easier than ever. A good thing I think.
For the strategy of the add-ons via Steam I can see it both ways, in that by providing a new and large market, then existing 3rd parties will hopefully see some sales and that this provides a stimulus to the civil sim market. The fact that existing add-ons work without having to be distributed through Steam is important, and I can see very little chance of anything in that area changing. For people happy with FSX as it is, they can safely ignore this edition if they want to.
In some way this is an unexpected second-wind for FSX and will hopefully introduce a lot of new people to flight sims. After the rocky road of Microsoft Flight edutainment experiment, and the premature demise of the ACES Game Studio team, then this certainly represents a new an interesting direction for the franchise. I hope our beloved FSX does well, and that the new foster parents take good care.
The Canadian political landscape shifted on Sunday, with the confirmation that Justin Trudeau would be the next Liberal leader and an NDP convention that saw the party distance itself from its “socialist” roots. Joe Brean wraps up five things we learned from this weekend's big political events.
1. “Socialist” is a cuss word even to socialists
Aware that it carries awkwardly Marxist connotations in common parlance, the NDP moved to strip the word “socialist” from the preamble to its constitution (except for once in a subordinate clause about people who inspire them). Despite angry protest from the party's self-styled “socialist caucus,” who raised a banner protesting “Obama's drone war,” leader Thomas Mulcair said this does not amount to a change in ideology or direction. “We will continue to be about removing inequalities in our society,” he said. Bill Blaikie, the former MP whose daughter Rebecca is party president, similarly said: “This doesn't sound like a party that is in danger of losing its identity.” The vote, heavily in favour of the new preamble, by 960 to 188, raises a broader question. If the stigma of “socialist” is not worth the bother of self-identifying as such, can “liberal” and “conservative” be far behind?
With a confidence vote of 92.3% against a new leadership contest, Mr. Mulcair pledged to run a candidate in every riding, “no question for us.” He told convention delegates that his goal is the defeat of Stephen Harper, who displays “the defining element of the conservative approach, where we're told we just have to accept less. Well I'm here to tell you today we can do better.” He also has to beat Justin Trudeau, whose star is on the rise, but the NDP message on him has been one of dismissal. NDP MP Françoise Boivin told CBC that Mr. Trudeau is just a new face on an “empty” party, and that the NDP has “organization on the ground.” “If you keep changing your trailer about a bad movie, it's still a bad movie,” she said. “This is different than Facebook friends.”
3. The NDP supports a Supreme Court spy hunt
The NDP will call for an independent probe of the Supreme Court of Canada, following troubling claims in a book by Frédéric Bastien, a Dawson College historian. La Bataille de Londres [The Battle of London] reports that, during the court's deliberation on whether Canada's constitution could be patriated without unanimous consent of the provinces, former Chief Justice Bora Laskin and Justice Willard Estey, both now dead, leaked details to Pierre Trudeau's government, helping to set at ease influential minds in London. This would appear to violate the independence of the judiciary, and has infuriated the PQ government in Quebec, whose Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Alexandre Cloutier said: “It questions the legitimacy of the Supreme Court reference [which decided Quebec did not have a veto.]” The Supreme Court has undertaken a probe of its own.
4. Liberals and NDP are divided by rules of secession
Quebec has been key to so many elections, including the one that brought the NDP to the Opposition benches, and the Conservatives are as vulnerable there as anywhere. With the separatist Bloc Québécois all but wiped out, a party's stance on the Clarity Act suddenly becomes a wedge issue. The Clarity Act, passed in 2000 by the Liberal government in response to the closely split 1995 referendum, establishes the necessary conditions under which Canada would negotiate Quebec's secession, primary among them being the will of a “clear majority.” Mr. Trudeau supports it as a bulwark against the country's breakup, and has said he will not seek Quebec's belated signature because that would open old wounds. Mr. Mulcair, however, wants to amend the law such that a simple majority of 50% plus one would suffice.
5. Mr. Trudeau does, in fact, have some policies
Despite criticism over the vagueness of his stances, Mr. Trudeau told the Canadian Press in detail about several. He would loosen party discipline, freeing MPs from the whip and allowing them to vote their conscience on anything that was not a campaign promise or a budget. He thinks an elected Senate is a “terrible idea,” curiously on the grounds that is would worsen under-representation of western provinces, but he thinks preferential ballots are a good idea. He is opposed to the Northern Gateway, but not pipelines in general. He accepts the failure of the gun registry. He would also create an arm's length body to protect government advertising from political influence, a point on which all governments of living memory are vulnerable, from Liberal Sponsorship to Conservative oversized cheques.
National Post with files from The Canadian Press
OREM, Utah (ABC 4 Utah) - A Utah family is inviting the world to watch a rather compelling transformation. It's one that's physical, emotional and spiritual for the Hayward family. Their gender identity journey was documented in the film, Transmormon. Good 4 Utah is finding out how this difficult situation actually brought about self-discovery, acceptance, and strengthened the family's love.The Hayward family's story is simple but complicated at the same time."It's been a journey we've come a long way as a family and I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that even if it was difficult we were willing to sort of just sit there and talk it out," said Eri Hayward.As a young boy, Eri always knew she was different."Now when I look back I should have known that my son that I was raising was struggling with some issues. And I kind of knew that because Eri came and talked to me about it but I, not really having any experience with these things, I really didn't get it," said her father, Ed hayward.Eri's father, Ed Hayward had never known anyone who was gay, much less someone with gender identity disorder. That meant Eri didn't either. She began reading about the gay community when she was 15 and thought she had it figured out."So when I started to learn about that I thought well, here I am, effeminate, I'm attracted to men, I must be gay and my limited understanding sort of threw me in that category," she said.Even as eri immersed herself into the gay community she still felt alone. Then she learned about transgender people."I think that a lot of people are starting to realize that it's actually a lot different to be transgendered or transsexual to being gay, lesbian or bi," she said.Eri refers to herself as a girl, trapped in a boy's body. When she got the courage to tell her parents it was hard for them to comprehend. The couple went through denial, and then became determined to "fix" their son."Then eventually we came out of the dark tunnel where we say, you know what? This is actually the way it's always been, we just didn't know it. And Eri was suffering by herself all these years and now she doesn't have to suffer by herself anymore," Ed said.Ed said the fact that he is a man of strong faith but still understands his daughter's situation, seems to be the most alluring aspect of a short film that shares their experience called “Transmormon.”"People watch the film and they're surprised at my ability to reconcile my faith with my family situation and love for my daughter. They find that intriguing maybe and that's why they reach out and try to talk to me about it and understand," Ed said.Both Ed and Eri have received dozens of emails, letters and phone calls from people dealing with the same life experiences."I think the issues that we are dealing with can cause a lot of pain in people's lives. To try and help alleviate some of that, I think that's what we both wanted to do," Ed said.The 15 minute film, “Transmormon” is real, raw and powerful. It describes Eri's life transformation from devout Mormon boy to strong, outspoken woman."It's been really positive and I think it's sort of helped people who didn't want to sort of ask questions, gave them an opportunity to sort of see into who I am and my life and my family and sort of realize that we're just people and we're just, you know, another family," Eri said.But film director, Torben Bernhard, said this family is anything but typical."They were open from the very beginning and I felt like other people would receive that warmth through the openness and respond well to it," Bernhard said.The film has been seen a million times since being shared by large websites like Huffington Post and Upworthy."It's exciting. I've never had this kind of excitement around my work and I think a lot of that has to do, once again, with the Hayward family and the power of their story," Bernhard said.A story so powerful, Ed is taking it to his local church leaders."They're doing the best they can to try and understand and they may not always handle it right the first time and I think it takes patience and understanding from both sides. And that's been my experience that they're trying to understand," Ed said.But understanding does not mean universal change. I asked Ed if he believed there would be a shift in church belief. His response was firm."We've got the church doctrine and that's something in my opinion being an active in the LDS church, that's up to god. He'll let the leaders know what he wants to do," Ed said.But, Ed feels an understanding on a personal level is a great way to start. And eri agrees."We need to be comfortable with ourselves and comfortable with where we are enough that we are just ok with the fact that people are different," Eri said.Eri is not actively seeking good standing with the church but she is still spiritual. Right after this film was shot last year, Eri had sex assignment surgery. She says she is in a good place in her life due in large part to her family's support."Eri's been so much happier having us understand what she's been going through, I wish I had been open enough that she could have told me earlier," Ed said.Now this family hopes their story will open the door to more conversations, more acceptance, more love.Transmormon has won several awards including Utah Short Film of the Year at the Utah Arts Festival. You can see the entire film here , and then join the conversation on Facebook
Program Details
The South Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD) and the Mobile Source Air Pollution Reduction Review Committee (MSRC) has established a residential Electric Vehicle (EV) charging incentive pilot program to offset Level 2 (240v) EV charger hardware costs. This program will be available to residents within the SCAQMD's four-county jurisdiction.
The program will provide an incentive to buy-down the cost of residential chargers, which typically range from $400-$800. The program will be implemented on a first come, first served basis and will provide up to $250 for the cost of hardware for Level 2 residential chargers. An additional incentive of up to $250 will be available for low-income residents.
Charger Requirements
Charger would need to be installed at a 240v outlet or by a licensed electrician if no 240V outlet exists.
Below are examples of self-installations using an existing 240V outlet:
EV Charger
Self-Installation
Chargepoint
Self-Installation Clipper Creek
Self-Installation
Charger would need to be in place for a minimum of three (3) years and would be considered a permanent, not temporary, installation
Installer would need to obtain any required city or county electrical permits for installation
List of Approved Chargers (PDF, 36KB) This manufacturers list of Level 2 EV Chargers is not meant to be all inclusive and does not limit your selection. The information is provided as a resource. SCAQMD may periodically update this list as new manufacturers enter the market with chargers that meet the requirements of the program.
Please click on one of the links below to learn more about this program
For additional information or questions, please email Benigna Taylor at btaylor@aqmd.gov.
After visiting the Crescent City this week to present to New Orleans Pelicans executives, Pensacola city officials have released details about their proposal to recruit the NBA's newest minor league team to Pensacola.
Pelicans executives reached out to Hayward's office in March, inviting Pensacola to submit a proposal to host the Pelicans' NBA development league team, which is set to begin play in the 2018-2019 season. The team would be owned and operated by New Orleans' Benson family, which owns the Pelicans as well as the New Orleans Saints football team.
The proposal sent to the Pelicans outlines how the 35-year-old Bay Center could be utilized by the yet-to-be-named team. Escambia County owns the arena and would be responsible for negotiating rental rates for the Bay Center, along with agreements for concessions, advertising, and other specifics requirements by the team. The Bay Center is managed by SMG, which also manages the Superdome and Smoothie King Center in New Orleans
The city's proposal outlines the facilities available at the Pensacola Bay Center, which already owns a hardwood basketball court that's been used for the Harlem Globetrotters and other events. City officials also identified the Vickrey Community Center as a potential practice facility for the team.
Pelicans list of potential cities narrows
In its initial search, the Pelicans selected 11 locations to potentially host the NBA's newest G-League team. When that list was narrowed in March, Pensacola was one of six finalist cities to host the new team, along with Mobile, Ala., Jackson, Miss., and Baton Rouge, Shreveport, and St. Tammany Parish in Louisiana.
As of Friday, both St. Tammany Parish and Mobile had officially ended their bids for the team. While St. Tammany Parish officials declined to comment, the City of Mobile cited ongoing issues with its 53-year-old civic center as one of the primary causes for not submitting a proposal to the Pelicans.
“After a comprehensive review, the City of Mobile chose not to submit a proposal to the Pelicans,” George Talbot, Director of Communications for the City of Mobile, said Friday. “Simply put, the timing was not right.”
Requests for comment from Jackson and Baton Rouge officials were not returned but the Shreveport Times reported this week that Baton Rouge officials said they would not submit a proposal without concessions from the Pelicans.
The City of Shreveport has proposed building a $25 million facility to host the new team. Shreveport officials said if chosen, the team would have to play in an alternate facility until a new arena was funded and built.
Read the City of Pensacola's proposal to the Pelicans:
Get the biggest Business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cheese company has welcomed a EU trade deal the near-total removal of tariffs on exports to Canada.
The EU-Canada Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) comes into effect today.
This means 98 per cent of import duties will be scrapped, giving UK companies easy access to a valuable market of more than 35 million.
But exporters may have to move quickly as a new deal may need to be negotiated when the UK exits the EU in 2019.
Snowdonia Cheese Company in Rhyl welcomed the news with tariffs cut to zero on food and drink such as cheese, beef and marmalade. After eleven years of focusing on building their brand in the UK, the Snowdonia Cheese Company set their sights on the international market.
In 2012, the company decided to create a business plan to expand its markets abroad and identified Canada as one clear market to target.
Richard Newton-Jones, Commercial Director of the Snowdonia Cheese Company, said: “Canada is an affluent country; it fits the right profile for exporting. The Canadians appreciate high quality products and from a trade perspective, everyone is open to business, welcoming and keen to talk which is very refreshing.
“Canadian audiences in particular seem to have a real affinity with Britain and British products. Our brand really resonates with them and consumers and investors have been extremely warm and welcoming to us.
"Exporting to Canada has raised our profits and grown our business. I'd definitely recommend other UK businesses to explore trading with Canada.”
This is a guest post by Jaime Herndon. Jaime is currently working on her thesis at Columbia University, where she will earn her MFA in creative nonfiction. She also works as a freelance writer and editor. In a former life, she did psychosocial oncology research. She misses it only a little bit.
_________________________
I was working in a fairly well-known children's bookstore in New York last summer, one that is especially known for its employee recommendations and vast knowledge of books. One afternoon, a well-heeled Upper West Side mom asked me for book suggestions for her 10-year old daughter. I immediately thought of Judy Blume, and at my suggestion of one of her titles, the mother looked at me with disdain, saying, “Don't you think that's a bit…dated?” I almost fainted on the spot. Blasphemy! Here are some classic children's/YA books that will never carry that dreaded description.
Deenie, by Judy Blume
This was the book in question above. Sure, wearing a body brace for scoliosis isn't as common as it was in the past, and some readers might find it hard to believe, but anyone can relate to feeling awkward in one's own body. Beautiful Deenie suddenly feels like a freak when she has to wear a back brace, and isn't feeling like a freak a prerequisite for puberty?
From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler, by E.L. Konigsburg
Who didn't want to run away to a museum after reading this? Claudia and Jamie Kincaid hide out in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and live there for a week, getting themselves caught up in a mystery that they never saw coming. Come on. You still think about living in a museum sometimes, don't you?
The Outsiders, by S.E. Hinton
Okay, yeah, so the slang and the “gangs” will have you snickering, and definitely places the book in a certain time frame. But underneath it all, it's the classic conflict between the haves and have-nots, and navigating the social storm of adolescence. Stay gold.
A Wrinkle in Time, by Madeleine L'Engle
Another one accused of being “dated” by more than one customer – but also beloved by more than a few. Meg was unabashedly geeky and strong, and a female lead character, and L'Engle was way ahead of her time, even if she did have religious undertones in her narratives. It took me more than 20 years to read the other books in the series, but I cherished this one as a kid. What's not to love about tesseracts?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, by Roald Dahl
Put aside the fact that the author was a raging bigot, and it's easy to enjoy this whimsical story full of candy, Golden Tickets, and orange-colored midgets. Veruca Salt is still entertaining (and highly appropriate in today's society), and my mouth still waters at the descriptions of sugary snacks the factory makes. Pro tip: the movie with Gene Wilder is much better than the one with Johnny Depp. But the book is the best, obvs.
Blubber, by Judy Blume
Basically, all of Judy's (yeah, first name basis, what?) books could be on here, but I had to limit myself. Written nearly 30 years ago (1986), this book is more relevant now than anything. A story about a typical middle school girl who gets caught up in the crowd mentality of teasing an overweight girl in her class whom they've nicknamed “Blubber.” No afterschool special here – the bully never gets brought to justice and the victim isn't particularly sympathetic – but it's real.
Bridge to Terabithia, by Katherine Paterson
See? Girls and boys can be just friends. Jess and Leslie's story of the kingdom of Terabithia is timeless – it's what summer is all about, or should be about, or what we want it to be about, anyway. Which is what makes this book so great. It's hard being a kid, and this book gets it without being A Book With A Message.
Lord of the Flies, by William Golding
The original Hunger Games. After a plane crash on a deserted island, what starts as a community dissolves into a something like a social psychology experiment gone horribly awry. Human nature is timeless, and this book reminds us how terrifying that can be.
Tuck Everlasting, by Natalie Babbit
What kid hasn't thought about living forever, especially being young forever? With themes of life and death that don't hit you over the head, but instead, gently remind you what it means to live, this book is full of suspense, memorable characters, and a wonderful storyline. Read the book before seeing the movie.
The Westing Game, by Ellen Raskin
A murder mystery. Millions of dollars at stake. A book that reads like a literary game of Clue. How could you say no?
_________________________
Sign up for our newsletter to have the best of Book Riot delivered straight to your inbox every week. No spam. We promise.
To keep up with Book Riot on a daily basis, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, , and subscribe to the Book Riot podcast in iTunes or via RSS. So much bookish goodness–all day, every day.
Sign up to The Kids Are All Right to receive news and recommendations from the world of kid lit and middle grade books. Thank you for signing up! Keep an eye on your inbox.
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service
5 Christian-Themed Nintendo Games You May Remember From the Early 90's
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Remember when this was the coolest thing a young teen could get their hands on? See below for some of the best Christian-themed games from the 1990s on the Nintendo.
1. Spiritual Warfare
You play the role of a Christian man as he travels through the game world converting non-believers and fighting demons. At the end of the game you fight the final boss, who ends up being none other than Satan himself. This game is very similar to Zelda, except you don't kill people. Instead, you convert them to Christians.
2. Bible Adventures
In this game you help Noah fill the ark before the big storm; pretend you are David battling the giant Goliath; and help save baby Moses from the Pharaoh's overwhelming forces. The game was a collection of three games based on the old testament: Noah's Ark, Baby Moses, David and Goliath.
3. Joshua & The Battle of Jericho
Play as Joshua and lead God's people to the promised land in this bible-based action game. But, rocks, elite forces and soldiers will try to block your every move. That will not stop you though because God has given you the power to get through them. Weapons like the horn of Jericho, God Speed, power-ups, secret exits and other armor will help you in your quest. Race through deadly mazes, and defeat the enemies of God!
4. Exodus: Journey to the Promised Land
Journey to the promise land and experience the spectacular events on your way there. Witness the sovereign hand of God, his chosen leader Moses and the mighty exploits that brought the Israelites out of slavery and established the written law.
5. King of Kings – The Early Years
Another game with three different game options. Experience the majestic birth and childhood of Christ as you proclaim His honor and endeavor to experience the prophecies. Collect gifts for Baby Jesus; escape to Egypt to avoid the wrath of King Herod; and search for young Jesus in the holy city of Jerusalem. Test your Bible skills by answering scores of Bible questions designed to complement the game play.
What are the political tribes which divide British voters today, and how will June's general election shape Britain? David Aaronovitch discusses with political experts.
What are the political tribes which divide British voters today and how will June's general election shape Britain?
Britain voted last year on the question of the EU - and following Theresa May's surprise announcement, we vote again on who should take us out.
The nature of the result could define British political life for decades to come - so how will voters decide? And what might the impact of the campaign be on Britain's future outside the European Union?
David Aaronovitch speaks to political experts to assess the upcoming campaign and its potential to shape the country Britain becomes.
CONTRIBUTORS
Lord Peter Hennessy, Professor of Contemporary British History at Queen Mary University of London
Peter Kellner, political commentator and veteran pollster
Rosie Campbell, Professor of Politics, Birkbeck College, University of London
David Runciman, Professor of Politics, University of Cambridge and host of the Talking Politics podcast
Producer: China Collins.
Energizer Bunny First appearance October 30, 1988 Company Energizer Information Species Rabbit Affiliation Energizer
The Energizer Bunny is the marketing icon and mascot of Energizer batteries in the United States and Canada. It is a pink mechanical toy rabbit wearing sunglasses and blue and black striped sandals that beats a bass drum bearing the Energizer logo.
History [ edit ]
The Energizer Bunny was first created as a parody of the Duracell Bunny, which first appeared in television advertising in 1973, in its "Drumming Bunny" commercial. Duracell's had purportedly trademarked the drumming bunny character, but whether they had or not, said trademark had lapsed by 1988, providing Energizer an opening to create their own trademark.[1]
The first Energizer Bunny commercial was broadcast on United States television on October 30, 1988.[2][3] Produced by DDB Needham Worldwide, the spot began as a direct parody of Duracell's "Drumming Bunny" ad. In the original Duracell ads, a set of battery-powered drum-playing toy rabbits gradually slow to a halt until only the toy powered by a Duracell copper-top battery remains active. In Energizer's parody, the Energizer Bunny enters the screen midway through the ad, beating a huge bass drum and swinging a mallet over his head. The Energizer Bunny is promoted as being able to continue operating indefinitely, or at least much longer than similar toys (or other products) using rival brands' batteries. The criticism was that Duracell compared their batteries with carbon-zinc batteries, and not similar alkaline batteries like Energizer.[4] The creative team at D.D.B. Chicago who conceived and designed the bunny chose All Effects special effects company to build the original Energizer Bunny, a remote-controlled prop. All Effects operated the Energizer Bunny in most of its first commercials.[citation needed]
Commercials after the first started out with the Bunny leaving the studio it performed the "Drumming Bunny" ad in, then wandering into the sets of a couple of realistic-looking commercials for fictional products, interrupting them. As the campaign progressed, many of these ads were standalone (for fake products such as "Sitagin Hemorrhoid Remedy", "Nasotine Sinus Relief", "TresCafe Coffee", "Alarm" deodorant soap, etc.) and even a few featured celebrities (such as Lyle Alzado promoting a snack called "Pigskins", and Ted Nugent doing an ad for a Mexican food chain called "Cucaracha") only to have the Bunny march through, beating his drum, because he was "still going" (one infamous commercial was for a fake long-distance telephone company with a couple in the United Kingdom talking to their son, who was supposedly in New York and exclaimed that he "sounded like he's right next door", and when the Bunny came in, he knocked down the divider to show they really were next to each other). Eventually real-life products and icons would do a crossover with the Energizer Bunny (Michael J. Fox doing a Pepsi ad, and the opening of TV shows such as Alfred Hitchcock Presents and ABC's Wide World of Sports). The Energizer Bunny has appeared in more than 115 television commercials.[5] In these commercials, a voice-over would announce one of various slogans used throughout the years; all of them would relate the stalwartness of the Energizer Bunny to the long-lasting power of their batteries. The original slogan boasted that "...[n]othing outlasts the Energizer...", but it was eventually changed after a lawsuit filed by Duracell disputing Energizer's claim.[6] Those commercials with the bunny interrupting all the action in a commercial were eventually spoofed in the 1993 film Hot Shots! Part Deux, featuring a blue animal drumming through instead of the pink bunny. The two people fighting then used their guns to shoot the blue animal, causing the blue animal to explode.
1990s [ edit ]
Advertisements for Energizer featuring the Energizer Bunny through the 1990s were done by a variety of companies, including Industrial Light & Magic, Cafe FX and Method Studios.
In 1993 through 1995, Energizer ran a series of commercials featuring a fake rival battery called "Supervolt" including a Supervolt weasel mascot, which was an obvious lookalike of Duracell. As Supervolt's battery sales have gone low, the company's CEO (portrayed by Rip Torn) seeks to neutralize the Energizer Bunny by targeting its battery. In order to do this. Supervolt's CEO goes in the process of finding individuals who can assist them.
The first one is an Ernst Stavro Blofeld-like evil genius who planned to use the Matter Disintegrator to destroy the battery. It shuts down due to the Supervolt batteries in it running out of power.
The second one is King Kong where Supervolt's CEO gives him a card that has him getting a banana for a reward upon Supervolt's CEO describing him as somebody big. When cornering the Energizer Bunny on the Empire State Building, a woman that King Kong angered closed the door on King Kong's foot, causing King Kong to fall off the Empire State Building.
In many of the associated commercials that followed, villains such as Darth Vader, the Wicked Witch of the West, Wile E. Coyote, and Boris and Natasha, as well as a robotic flea, would try to destroy or capture the Bunny only to see complications arise when their devices using Supervolt batteries ran out or other circumstances allowed for the mascot's escape. In addition, a flock of vultures and a foxhunt would get exhausted trying to catch the Energizer Bunny and the Grim Reaper gave up waiting for the Energizer Bunny to come with him.
The second one showed the quality of the product being advertised when it created complications for the villain-so as not to boast that Energizer was better than any other brand, as well as to encourage people to buy Energizer batteries for their smoke detectors.
2016 [ edit ]
In September 2016, Energizer switched their advertising agency to Camp+King and introduced a new more expressive bunny who is slimmer and has more facial expression. The bunny will keep the signature drum, flip flops, and dark sunglasses, but the pink fur will be more realistic.[7]
Campaign success [ edit ]
Despite the immense popularity of the campaign, sales of Energizer batteries actually went down during the years that the ads ran. Duracell claimed that 40 percent of its customers thought the campaign was promoting Duracell, not Energizer, but provided no evidence. Speculation has it that TV watchers still associated pink bunnies with Duracell, so the Energizer ads were actually helping their competitor's sales rather than their own.[8]
In popular culture [ edit ]
In North America the term "Energizer Bunny" has entered the vernacular as a term for anything that continues endlessly, or someone that has immense stamina. In Europe and Australia the term "Duracell Bunny" has a similar connotation. Several U.S. presidential candidates have compared themselves to the bunny, including President George H. W. Bush in 1992 and Howard Dean in 2004.[9]
In 1992, the company PC Dynamics created a Screen Saver for Windows 3.x featuring Energizer Bunny with audio clips from the commercials.[10]
During the ninth season of Roseanne (1996–97), the lyrics sung by Blues Traveler lead singer John Popper begin with: "If what doesn't kill us is making us stronger, we're gonna last longer/Than that greatest wall in China, or that rabbit with the drum."[11]
Energizer was the corporate sponsor of Star Tours at Disneyland Park and Disney's Hollywood Studios for several years; the bunny appeared in several ride-themed advertisements around the show's exit.
In 2006, an Energizer Bunny balloonicle debuted in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and appeared until 2011.
For several years, comedian and ventriloquist Jeff Dunham had a recurring joke about the Energizer Bunny. His "grumpy old man" puppet Walter would ask about commercials interrupting their broadcast, citing the Bunny as a particularly annoying example. The joke would often end with Walter saying, "I'd like to trap his furry little ass...hook him up to a Sears DieHard." In the MAD sketch HOPS, E.B fooled the cop into catching the Energizer Bunny.
Legal challenges [ edit ]
1990 Duracell trademark dispute [ edit ]
When Energizer's 1988 parody became an advertising success and Energizer trademarked its bunny, Duracell decided to revive the Duracell Bunny campaign and filed for a new United States trademark of its own, referencing the original use of the character more than a decade earlier.[12] The resulting dispute resulted in a confidential January 10, 1992 out of court settlement,[13] where Energizer (and its bunny) took exclusive trademark rights in the United States and Canada, and Duracell (and its bunny) took exclusive rights in all other places in the world.[14]
1991 Adolph Coors lawsuit [ edit ]
In 1991, Energizer Holdings unsuccessfully sued the Adolph Coors Company for copyright infringement for creating a parody of its Energizer bunny ads.[15]
The advertisement had comedian Leslie Nielsen banging a bass drum while wearing rabbit ears while the announcer said "It keeps growing and growing!" The court eventually sided with Coors noting the obvious facts that the content of the ad is substantially different considering Nielsen was not a toy and he did not run on batteries.[16]
2016 Duracell distribution lawsuit [ edit ]
In February 2016, Energizer filed a trademark infringement and contract violation lawsuit against Duracell. Energizer alleged that Duracell was using a pink bunny in its advertising in the United States, did not have any trademark rights in the United States in a pink bunny, and had violated an agreement between Energizer and Duracell governing the use of a pink bunny trademark in the U.S.[17] Duracell replied that the cases Energizer cited came from overseas distributors importing packages from abroad, and that Duracell did not have the specific power to stop those distributors from doing so.[18] In November 2017, a United States District court judge threw out most of Energizer's claims in a summary judgement, but leaving the breach of the 1992 territorial contract dispute active with respect to the two company's bunny trademarks.[19]
See also [ edit ]
Julian "The Energizer Bunny" Edelman, NFL football player
15:40 UPDATE: TimesOnline has now returned to Google's index. Jaamit Durrani reports that the Times's SEO team are citing technical problems but, as he argues, this isn't convincing. How could a technical error remove an entire site from Google's index? I think it's safe to assume this was a dry run.
Rupert Murdoch has long threatened to remove his papers' stories from Google as part of his war against the company's "content kleptomaniacs". And today, at least in the case of the Times, he's done just that.
In advance of the launch of the paper's paywall this summer, all Times Online content has disappeared from Google's index. Try searching for the latest columns by David Aaronovitch, Daniel Finkelstein et al and you'll have no luck.
As others have noted, the absence of a robots.txt file telling Google to remove pages from the index, suggests that they were manually removed by the company at Murdoch's request.
Given the huge amount of traffic that Google drives to news websites, this amounts to a big gamble. But Murdoch's view is that the presence of his news stories on Google, among thousands of others, robs them of their distinctiveness and value.
In any case, the News Corp head is more concerned with pushing people back to print than he is with successfully charging for digital content. As his biographer Michael Wolff has written: "The more he can choke off the internet as a free news medium, the more publishers he can get to join him, the more people he can bring back to his papers. It is not a war he can win in the long term, but a little Murdoch rearguard action might get him to his own retirement. Then it's somebody else's problem."
With the Sun and the News of the World set to follow their Wapping neighbours and charge for content later this year, we can expect those titles to soon exit Google as well.
Hat-tip: Malcolm Coles
Follow the New Statesman team on Facebook.
After the U.K.'s referendum on membership of the EU, France is now being forced to look at itself in a mirror and ask itself if it will rally around the European ideal and forge an alliance with Germany to save the EU or if it will follow the U.K. and become a gravedigger of the European project. Philippe Le Corre writes that the latter is more likely. This piece was originally posted by Financial Times .
After the UK's referendum on membership of the EU, France is now being forced to look at itself in a mirror, and ask whether it still wishes to belong to the community of nations initiated by two Frenchmen, Jean Monnet and Robert Schuman, half a century ago. Will France rally around the European ideal and forge an alliance with Germany to save the EU? Or will it follow the UK and become a gravedigger of the European project? The latter is more likely.
France faces a harsh and divisive campaign leading up to the presidential election in May 2017. After the vote for Brexit, it is hard to imagine that the main candidates will not make Europe one of their main priorities. Meanwhile, the Pew Research Center has recently provided striking new data on what the French think. Pew's report shows that 61 per cent of French people hold unfavorable views of the EU, against 38 per cent who view it favourably. Sixty per cent of those surveyed said they wished that the French government would focus on the country's own problems, as opposed to “helping other countries” (36 per cent). Fifty-two percent said France should pursue its own national interests rather than take allies into account (43 per cent).
Author Philippe Le Corre Former Brookings Expert Senior Fellow, Mossavar-Rahmani Center on Business and Government - Harvard Kennedy School
The main question for the French political elite is the following: should it open the Pandora's box of a referendum on France's continued membership of the EU ?
With the exception of two candidates of the extreme right and far left, Marine Le Pen of the National Front and the former Socialist minister Jean-Luc Mélenchon, none of the politicians aspiring to be elected president in 2017 — the current occupant of the Elysée Palace, François Hollande, his centre-right predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy and centrist ex-prime minister Alain Juppé — anticipated the shocking outcome of the British referendum. Of mainstream politicians, only Bruno Le Maire, the so-called “third man” of the centre-right Les Républicains and a former minister for Europe, has called for a referendum on redefining the European project. (In an interview on June 27, Mr Juppé said it would be “irresponsible” to hold such a plebiscite in the near future.)
Writing in Le Monde in May, Mr Le Maire said: “Europe does not make us dream anymore.” France needs to “heal the wounds” of the 2005 referendum in which 55 per cent of voters rejected the proposed European constitution.
Many commentators regard that referendum as a key moment in recent French and European history. One recalls Jacques Chirac, then president, looking at a loss when confronted with young and middle-aged job seekers during a live television programme. Deep misgivings about France's future in Europe were already gathering.
As Mr Le Maire said, the French people do not dream about Europe anymore. There is deep scepticism about the whole European project. And were they given the opportunity in a referendum, voters could well administer the kind of treatment to their elites that their counterparts in Britain have just dished out to theirs. Although France is not an insular country, it faces an uncertain future. As has happened in the UK, “Europe” has become the scapegoat for those who feel they have not benefited from globalisation.
The Pew survey says that 66 per cent of French people think that the EU has failed them economically. The financial crisis of 2008 has left terrible scars. Between 2007 and 2009, unemployment rose by two percentage points. It is around 10 per cent today. The age groups most affected are the young (those between 18 and 25) and the over 50s. It is likely that they would vote for “Frexit” in a referendum.
Populists are rejoicing. The National Front presents itself as a viable alternative to mainstream parties. Ms Le Pen has already called for a British-style referendum. The far-left Front de Gauche (FG), which has close ties to the trade union that has led strikes against labour market reforms, will push for exiting the EU.
One of FG leaders, Mr Mélenchon has announced that he will run for president next year on a Eurosceptic platform. He said that Brexit is “first and foremost the failure of the German government, of capitalism, and of successive subservient French governments”.
Politicians in these far right and far left parties have no more government experience than the triumphant leaders of the Brexit camp, Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson. But unless mainstream politicians can find remedies for France's malaise, voters may well give the populists a chance. It is time for French elites to take action. If they do not, they risk suffering the same fate as David Cameron.
On Saturday morning, North Korea carried out a launch of at least three projectiles from its east coast, into the Sea of Japan. The launches took place from Kittaeryong in Kangwon province and come during the 2017 iteration of the United States' and South Korea's Ulchi-Freedom Guardian computerized command post drills. The launches were the first since North Korea's test of an intercontinental-range ballistic missile (ICBM) on July 28 and came following weeks of tension with the United States over a threat by North Korea to strike the waters near Guam.
The launch followed the test-launch of at least three extended-range variants of the Hyunmoo-II short-range ballistic missile by the South Korean military last week. According to U.S. government sources with knowledge of South Korea's ballistic missile testing activities who spoke to The Diplomat, South Korea tested two Hyunmoo-II ballistic missiles on Wednesday and another on Thursday. The tested variants were either the IIB or IIC variants, the latter of which was first tested this year. (The Hyunmoo launches have not been publicly reported. South Korea issued a navigational warning, restricting an area near the Anheung Proving Ground between August 24 and 26 that could have been a possible launch site.)
North Korea commonly stages ballistic missile launches during prominent U.S.-South Korea military exercises. In March, ahead of the start of the U.S.-South Korea Key Resolve and Foal Eagle military drills, Kim Jong-un oversaw the salvo launch of four Scud 2 ballistic missiles, for example. Last year, during Ulchi-Freedom Guardian, North Korea carried out a flight test of its submarine-launched ballistic missile. Pyongyang treats the U.S.-South Korea drills as a ruse for preemptive war and regularly also stages its own conventional exercises too.
While North Korea launched projectiles, not everyone agreed what precisely it had launched. In the immediate aftermath of the launch, competing assessments emerged from the United States, South Korea, and Japan.
Initially, South Korea's Yonhap news agency, citing the country's Joint Chiefs of Staff, had reported that a single short-range ballistic missile (SRBM) had been launched to a range of approximately 250 kilometers from North Korea's Kangwon province. Later, this was revised to note that “several unidentified projectiles” had been fired for approximately 250 kilometers in a northeasterly direction.
A spokesperson for South Korea's presidential office, following an emergency meeting, said that the “the unidentified projectiles fired by the North today are presumed to be improved 300-mm artillery rockets from a multiple-rocket launcher,” implicating the use of the KN09 multiple-rocket launch system (MRLS) system. The presidential office spokesperson did not comment on why the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff had released a divergent assessment earlier on.
As South Korea released and updated its assessments, U.S. Pacific Command (PACOM) released an initial statement noting that three short-range ballistic missiles had been launched at 10 minute intervals, with the first and third failing in flight and the second exploding shortly after launched. PACOM then issued a revision of its original assessment, clarifying that the first and third missiles flew to a range of 250 kilometers.
“As an update to our initial release, the first and third missiles at 11:49 a.m. (Hawaii time) and 12:19 p.m. did not ‘fail in flight,'” PACOM spokesman Cdr. David Benham noted in a statement. “Rather, they flew approximately 250 kilometers in a northeastern direction. We will continue to work with our interagency partners on a more detailed assessment of this latest launch and we will provide a public update if warranted.”
Concurrently, a Japanese assessment suggested that the missiles tested were perhaps shorter-range MRLS projectiles, rocket artillery, or even another kind of shorter-range missile, like the KN02 Toksa. Japan's statement could have also implicated the use of the KN09 300mm MRLS system, which has in the past been conflated with ballistic missile launches. The Japanese Ministry of Defense released a statement (PDF) noting that the “flight of objects such as ballistic missiles that could fall into Japan's territory and exclusive economic zone (EEZ) is not confirmed,” suggesting that SRBMs may not have been involved.
The Diplomat asked Pacific Command to clarify if its revised assessment stood by the initial assessment that North Korea had tested “short-range ballistic missiles,” which are defined as missiles with a maximum range between 300 kilometers and 1,000 kilometers. PACOM confirmed that the SRBM assessment remained valid despite the update.
For systems with maximum ranges under 300 kilometers, the United States uses the designation “close-range ballistic missile.” This would apply to rocket artillery and MRLS systems like the KN09 as well.
The releases to come out of the United States, South Korea, and Japan revealed the considerable challenges that the countries continue to face in accurately assessing certain kinds of North Korean ballistic missile launches. Unlike the highly-lofted developmental tests of longer-range systems like the Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missile and the Hwasong-14 intercontinental-range ballistic missiles (ICBMs), shorter-range tests can and often do cause the three governments to put out competing early assessments.
In most cases, U.S. PACOM's assessment ends up the most accurate. The United States possesses a more comprehensive network of ground-, sea-, air-, and space-based sensors capable of detecting and measuring North Korean ballistic missile launch activities. South Korea and Japan each rely on a more limited range of sensors.
Saturday's launch followed a major North Korean military exercise to simulate a special forces invasion of a South Korean island. In released imagery, North Korea did show the use of several rocket artillery systems. However, Kittaeryong, the site of Saturday's launch, has been associated with North Korean Scud launches in the past.
If Saturday's launches were intended to test the readiness of the Korean People's Army Strategic Forces for a conflict, like the March 2017 salvo launch of four Scud 2 medium-range ballistic missiles, it is notable that North Korea chose to fire three Scud projectiles at ten minute intervals, according to PACOM, instead of a coordinated salvo launch.
The testing of these missiles at intervals could suggest a developmental purpose to the tests, if they indeed involved SRBMs. North Korea is thought to possess an inventory of hundreds of Scuds and could be testing new types of modifications to upgrade its existing stockpile. The short-range flight and the failure of one missile could suggest that North Korea may have been testing new forms of guidance, maneuverability, or even piloting physical differences, like a finless design. The relatively short range of the launches, at 250 kilometers, and the northeasterly direction from Kangwon would also keep the missiles within range of North Korea's own telemetry sensors and radars, allowing its engineers to observe the flight in close detail.
Saturday's test also has important diplomatic significance. North Korea decided to potentially launch new SRBMs just days after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson commended Pyongyang for showing “some level of restraint” in withholding from new ballistic missile tests in violation UN Security Council resolutions since its July 28 test of the Hwasong-14 ICBM. Tillerson, along with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, has called on North Korea to “signal its desire to negotiate in good faith” by immediately ceasing its “provocative threats, nuclear tests, missiles launches, and other weapons tests” weeks earlier in the Wall Street Journal.
In the aftermath of Saturday's test, Tillerson noted that the United States would not abandon its pursuit of a diplomatic solution. “We're going to continue our peaceful pressure campaign, as I have described it, working with allies and working with China as well to see if we can bring the regime in Pyongyang to the negotiating table with a view to begin a dialogue on a different future for Korean Peninsula and for North Korea,” he said.
KOLKATA: A senior BJP leader from Haryana - who had earlier offered a Rs 10-crore bounty on ' Padmavati ' actor Deepika Padukone and director Sanjay Leela Bhansali - has issued a not-so-veiled threat to Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee for supporting the film, comparing her to a "demonic woman like Shurpanakha" who deserved to be treated in similar fashion. The comments drew sharp criticism from Trinamool Congress and even the Bengal BJP.In the Ramayana, Shurpanakha was Ravana's sister, whom Lakshman had famously "taught a lesson" by chopping off her nose.On Saturday, senior BJP leader Suraj Pal Amu said: "Demonic women should be treated like what Ram's second brother Lakshman did to Shurpanakha. Mamataji should not forget that." And while he was careful to not say her nose should be cut, he did gesticulate in a manner that suggested a nose being chopped off.The Bengal CM had said on Friday that the makers of 'Padmavati' were welcome to screen the film in Bengal. Banerjee had also said that the controversy over the film was a "calculated plan" to curb freedom of expression.
TowerFall Ascension is the definitive version of the hit archery combat game. Inspired by classics from the golden age of couch multiplayer, it's a 4-player local party game centering around hilarious, intense versus matches. The core mechanics are simple and accessible, but hard to master and combat is fierce. Loot treasure chests for game-changing power-ups, master the art of catching arrows out of the air, or descend on your foes and stomp them into submission. TowerFall is best played competitively with friends, cross-legged on the floor within punching distance of each other.
New in Ascension is the 1- or 2-player co-op Quest mode. Players work together, fighting off a variety of monsters and enemy archers across the land of TowerFall. It's a new adventure to explore when you don't have more friends handy to square off against.
New features in TowerFall Ascension include:
-Brand new 1- or 2-player co-op Quest mode
-50 additional Versus arenas, for a total of 120 unique maps
-More game-changing power-ups, such as Drill Arrows that burrow through walls
-4 new unlockable, playable archers, for a total of 8
-A huge list of variants to customize your matches - a total of 75 ways to mix things up
-Plenty of hidden secrets and surprises to discover with your friends
http://www.mattmakesgames.com
Horace Slughorn: "I was just telling young Marcus here that I had the pleasure of teaching his Uncle Damocles. Outstanding wizard, outstanding, and his Order of Merlin most well-deserved. Do you see much of your uncle, Marcus?" Marcus Belby: "Not… not much of him, no." Horace Slughorn: "Well, of course, I daresay he's busy. I doubt he invented the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard work!" Marcus Belby: "I suppose… Er… he and my dad don't get on very well, you see, so I don't really know much about…" — Horace Slughorn and Belby's quick exchange aboard the Hogwarts Express[src]
Marcus Belby (born c. 1979) was a wizard, and a Ravenclaw student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1990 to 1997, a year above the famous Harry Potter.
Marcus was the nephew of Damocles Belby, the noted potioneer who developed the Wolfsbane Potion in the late 20th century. For this reason, Horace Slughorn considered inviting Belby to his Slug Club supper parties in the 1996-1997 school year, but given that he did not see much of his uncle, Slughorn was never seen giving him much attention.
Contents show]
Biography
Early life
Marcus Belby was born in around 1979,[1] somewhere in the British Isles, to the wizarding Belby family.
He was the son of Mr Belby, and the nephew of Damocles Belby: a celebrated, Order of Merlin-awarded potioneer who, in the last quarter of the 20th century, developed the Wolfsbane Potion,[1] a potion that was able to relieve (but not cure) the effects of lycanthropy.[2][3] Marcus did not, however, have much contact with his famous uncle, because his father was not on good terms with him.[1]
Belby received his Hogwarts acceptance letter at the age of eleven, and enrolled at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on 1 September, 1990, the day in which he was Sorted into Ravenclaw.[1]
Seventh year
Ginny Weasley: "I'm sorry, I'm not usually late" Horace Slughorn: "No matter, just in time for dessert — that is, if Belby's left you any!" — Horace Slughorn chuckling about Belby as Ginny arrives late at a Slug Club supper party.[src]
Marcus Belby came aboard the Hogwarts Express on the morning of 1 September, 1996 to travel to Hogwarts Castle, where he would attend his seventh and N.E.W.T.-level year. Once at the train, he received an invitation for "a bite of lunch" in Compartment C from the new Potions Master, Horace E. F. Slughorn. He got there, and gave a nervous, strained smile to Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom upon their arrival.[1]
Slughorn, who had packed his own lunch (as the Honeydukes Express, the food trolley, was heavy on liquorice wands, and "a poor old man's digestive system isn't quite up to such things") offered Belby half a cold pheasant first, and they started talking about his uncle, Damocles, and his outstanding achievement. When the professor asked him if he saw his uncle often, Belby tried to answer in haste, and choke on a mouthful of pheasant. Slughorn cleared his airways with a spell, only to hear that Belby's father did not get on very well with his uncle and, as such, he did not know much about him. Slughorn became uninterested in him and turned to Cormac McLaggen instead, missing out on Belby when he was offering around a small tray of pies.[1]
Belby would still be invited to one of the Slug Club's supper parties. Over ice cream, a matter in which Belby seemed to be more interested than the conversation, the subject turned to his uncle once again, and when Belby said his father says "the only potion worth having is a stiff one at the end of the day", Slughorn changed the subject abruptly and questioned Hermione Granger about her parents' professions (dentistry) in the Muggle world. When Ginny Weasley arrived later during dessert, Slughorn cracked a joke about Belby leaving no ice cream for her.[4]
Later in the year, on 20 December, 1996, Slughorn had Belby handing out towels in the loo while he hosted a Christmas party for the Slug Club in his office.[5]
At the end of his seventh year, Albus Dumbledore was killed by Severus Snape, it was unknown if Marcus attended the Funeral of Albus Dumbledore just as most of his other housemates did.
Later life
It is unknown if he returned to fight in the Battle of Hogwarts or if he survived the Second Wizarding War.
Behind the scenes
Appearances
Marcus Belby. The Harry Potter Wiki has 4 images related to
Israeli Police on Tuesday announced it has completed its investigation into the controversial "Harpaz Affair," and that it recommends putting all the key players involved in the scandal on trial.
At the center of the affair was the “Harpaz document,” which surfaced in 2010, and the mutual dislike of Gabi Ashkenazi and then Defense Minister Ehud Barak. Lt. Col. (res.) Boaz Harpaz, an associate of Ashkenazi's, forged the document in order to keep Maj. Gen. Yoav Galant from succeeding Ashkenazi as chief of staff. Specifically, the document described plans by Barak's associates to launch a smear campaign aimed at Ashkenazi.
Police recommended indictments against former IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi; former IDF Spokesman Avi Benyahu; former head of the chief of staff's office, retired Colonel Erez Weiner; and cabinet secretary Avichai Mendelblit, who was military advocate-general when the affair broke out.
These recommendations will now be submitted to Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein, who will decide whether the indictments will be served.
In recent months, the police Lahav 433 unit, which is popularly known as Israel's FBI, has been questioning the key figures in the affair. The final witness questioned was former Defense Minister Ehud Barak. The main news in the affair is that senior officials in the army and in the security establishment in the past and in the present committed criminal offenses. Some of these were related to the murky relationship between the offices of Ashekanzi and Barak at that time.
Police investigated Ashkenazi on suspicion of breach of trust and obstruction of justice. Barak testified in April that the former IDF chief tried to undermine him and foil some of his appointments. He told investigators that at no point did he conceal at any point in time that Ashkenazi was acting against him – and even tried to prevent some of his appointments.
Ashkenazi is also suspected of passing information to an unauthorized source, including journalists. According to the suspicions, he leaked information about a planned operation, which would have allegedly endangered the lives of those who took part in it. His wife, Ronit, was also called in for questioning over the affair, but at this stage it is not clear whether an indictment will be served against her, too.
Apparently, OnePlus is going big, since they're preparing to open up their own OnePlus Store, that will keep the identity of the brand and apply it to a small HQ of their own. There was already a media event at the location of the future store, as shown by the pictures below.
The shop is located in Beijing, the Blue Harbor district and it will start operation on December 20, after a trial period starting on December 1st. This looks like a very posh location, with white and gray as the main colors, just like the OnePlus products. Wood is the main choice for all paneling done in the store, all the chairs and tables and the vibe of this place is something like “Apple met Ikea and had a baby”.
Inside the store you'll obviously be able to play with the OnePlus One, a special JBL edition of the phone and the bamboo limited edition of the device. There are also headphones, speakers and other accessories showcased to the interested people. Since there's a pair of stairs in there, I imagine there's also a second floor and that area is supposed to feel homey and welcoming. Official launches will happen there as well as training and parties for people involved with OnePlus.
There's also a small bar setup here, so people can get drinks. Nice initiative coming from a company that didn't even exist one year ago!
via zol.com
Fans of both the Knicks and Nets filled the Barclays Center, neither fan base particularly thrilled with the team it supported. The nationally televised game was supposed to be a battle for New York—but it was really a fight for what little pride was left—and with a 113-83 win on Thursday, the game showed that for a night the Knicks at least had that.
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—The crowd was hostile, angry and on edge, loudly voicing venom even before the game began. The black adorned not just the colors worn by the Brooklyn fans, but also the mood. And the two desperate teams were willing to play in that foul mood, too.
Garnett said he wasn't sure what Bargnani said, noting, “I don't speak Italian.” Bargnani wouldn't explain, other than to note, “I wasn't speaking Italian.” But it was the first time in his life that he was thrown out of a game, and was a fitting symbol for the spark and fire that the Knicks showed with their backs against the wall.
The soft-spoken, soft-playing 7-footer and Garnett, the surliest, Honey-Nut Cheerio-touting, trash-talker in the NBA, each drew a technical for their confrontation early in the fourth quarter. Less than a minute later, after Bargnani drained a corner jumper over Garnett and started jawing at him as the two headed to the other end of the court, Bargnani was ejected.
They had fight. It wasn't exactly Ali-Frazier — and maybe not even enough to elicit anything other than laughter from boxer Zab Judah at courtside. But in his own way, Andrea Bargnani stood up for himself, trying to stand as Kevin Garnett pushed against him.
“With a win like this, we definitely get our confidence back and get our mojo, our swag back,” Amar'e Stoudemire said. “Which would be great for us.”
If the Knicks were laughingstocks, as Carmelo Anthony characterized them a day earlier, for one night they at least got the last laugh at the expense of the Nets. Brooklyn, on the other hand, was left with no fight and nothing to smile about.
When the teams were introduced the home crowd reserved its loudest voice for the introduction of Nets head coach, Jason Kidd. The boos echoed through the cavernous arena: some from Knicks fans as payback for his abrupt retirement, but also undoubtedly from Nets fans as a payback for the miserable start to the season and also for the ugly divorce with associate head coach Lawrence Frank.
While Kidd openly recruited Frank, his former coach, the pairing ended in a way that it might have been hard to imagine — although it's not over with lawyers readying to negotiate a buyout and Frank left with a role just short of firing (filling out daily reports). If Kidd is reading them, he might not want to open the one on this game — and Frank might want to point out that the defence has been more dreadful since he was thrown off the bench.
Mike Woodson can understand the troubles. When Woodson began his coaching career, he started with four straight losses and after 16 games had guided his Atlanta Hawks to a 2-14 record. What experience has taught him is that better times will come — if you're around to enjoy them.
“This is 30 years in this business,” Woodson said. “I've seen a lot over the time that I've been as a player and coach. I've seen streaks like this. It's not fun. But these players can't see me panic.”
Kidd wasn't shaking either, still confident in his abilities and, he insisted, in his team. Kidd might have the better chance of a full recovery this season, as the Nets have been nursing an assortment of injuries that led to their planned starting five on the floor together for just 78 minutes this season. But that's easier to think about later in your coaching career — not now when it is all imploding around you.
“I'm learning to be a coach,” Kidd said. “It's just about putting those guys in the right position to win and then having fun doing that. Sometimes when we've lost it can take that fun away.”
This game didn't make it better for the Nets and Kidd. The Knicks led from start to finish — the more desperate team on a night when both sides should have played as if careers depended on it. Maybe only Woodson has that hanging over him, with rumors of his demise growing louder as the Knicks ticked off loss after loss until it reached nine straight heading into this game and coaching candidates already being sorted in the press. Kidd threw Frank overboard, creating a scapegoat for a day, but with the Knicks the blame has landed squarely on Woodson.
“It's not easy coaching,” Woodson said. “I don't care if it's your first year or your 20th year coaching in the league. It's tough.”
With Woodson's job on the line, it might have been saved by the player he has buried more than any other, Iman Shumpert. The third-year guard played with a fire not seen since the playoffs last season — and a shooting touch that hadn't been visible since then either. Shumpert and Andray Blatche drew double technicals early in the game. And by the end, even Bargnani was joining in.
The Knicks came with a desperation. The Nets acted as if it was just another night. Maybe Kidd has the security, even as a rookie coach, to feel that way. As a player he believed in himself and he proved himself enough that his teammates would believe, too, including season with the Knicks. As a coach?
“You never really know until you get into the fire of it,” said Kidd's longtime teammate, Kenyon Martin. “Handling the game, yeah, but guys having your back and respecting you as a head coach—a lot of them guys he played against over the years. I don't know if that's a factor.”
ROME — After the maestro Riccardo Muti signed on with the Rome Opera, in 2008, with the honorary title of conductor for life, he lifted the orchestra to new levels. Houses were packed, and audiences moved to tears. But the news in September that he had decided to pull out of productions at the house, citing a lack of “serenity” at this financially troubled and strike-prone theater, has plunged the opera back into uncertainty.
New chaos arrived two weeks later, when the opera's management made a dramatic and much-contested move to fire the 182 musicians in the orchestra and chorus and potentially rehire them as outside contractors. For their part, the musicians say they are unfairly taking the blame for years of mismanagement at the opera, which is run by the city of Rome and is widely seen as a bastion of patronage hires.
Last week, the management of the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma appeared to back away from its plan, and the musicians said they would consider pledging not to go on strike. However it unfolds, the dispute in Rome is emblematic of the troubled state of opera in the country of its roots.
Italy's culture minister, Dario Franceschini, made headlines last week when he said that Italy's 14 publicly financed opera houses were “too many” to handle. They absorb nearly half of all state funding for the performing arts — which is significantly lower than what France and Germany spend on culture — in a system that Mr. Franceschini said rewarded bad behavior by requiring state bailouts for failed houses. In Italy, as in most of Europe, private and corporate art funding lags far behind state support.
Op-ed: Remembering the AIDS Crisis as a Gay Trans Man in a Double-Closet
When I first asked my parents if I could see a therapist for my depression and social anxiety, I was 8 years old. It was 1974, and the therapist quickly dismissed my desire to grow up to be a man as childish confusion. We never discussed it further, and my parents soon stopped sending me to therapy.
Those days were long, long before the newest edition of the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 5 was released in May 2013. Back then, most U.S. professionals tended to diagnose and treat transgender people as if we were mentally ill; as if our trans identity was something we needed to overcome through better performance of the gender role assigned to us at birth.
My parents shared common '70s values of sexual liberation, gender equality, pacifism, and religious freedom. “Free to be you and me” was their parenting philosophy and, other than a preschool struggle with my caregivers over my potty-training (I kept insisting on standing up, believing myself wholeheartedly to be a boy), I didn't know much about gender or how important it was to people outside our family until I started attending public schools and occasionally visiting Sunday school and church.
By high school, my closest friends were gay or bisexual boys my age; to them, I seemed like a masculine lesbian, even though I was truly attracted to men. We were “club kids” who experimented with gender fluidity, snuck out to gay dance clubs, inhaled “poppers,” and found queer book sections in independent urban bookstores. I would even make contact with at least one PFLAG meeting by my senior year.
My gay male friends usually accepted me as queer in my gender and sexuality without explanation — but only until conflict inevitably erupted over my inability to perform as the butch lesbian they perceived (or seemed to prefer) me to be. The same thing kept happening: whenever I tried to date a bisexual female or lesbian, no matter how genderqueer the person was, no matter how good our friendship was otherwise, when I forced myself to respond to her romantically or sexually, I was physically repulsed.
I grew to be a suicidally depressed, sexually confused 16-year-old who frequently self-mutilated and who was cross-dressing and passing as male some of the time for relief. I hid my maleness from all who knew me, even my closest gay teen friends. And when I finally found a free clinic to get counseling, my new therapist attributed my gender confusion solely to post-traumatic stress from sexual abuse, as would every other counselor in the years to follow.
I would go through a cycle of denying all sexual and romantic feelings, trying to live as asexual in queer community, but eventually I would fall romantically in love with or become erotically attracted to a man once again (almost always another closeted gay man). By the time high school was over, I had lost all but one of my gay friends and was labeled by former friends as a “fag hag” who was no longer welcome to associate with the queer community.
Suddenly, I was an adult, and the consequences for my gender-nonconformity really began. Psychiatrists declared me mentally ill.
Though my gender (male) and sexual orientation (gay) were clear to me from my earliest memories — and well before sexual abuse started in my life — not one counselor over the next three decades would help me address my inability to identify with the feminization of my body. Instead, I was placed on high oral doses of two female hormones. I was told by psychiatric professionals, spiritual guides, and mentors that my gender confusion could be corrected with cognitive therapy, spiritual study, and feminist theory.
I dutifully complied with everything they prescribed to “fix” me, from feminizing hormones to the psychiatric medications — even antidementia and antipsychotic drugs. And I began devoting myself to spiritual practice and study to the point that I eventually became an ordained minister and earned a doctorate in theology, specializing in women's studies in religion.
I fought against who I truly was with every tool handed to me. I strove mightily to identify as a heterosexual woman for 39 years, until the standards of care for people like me finally changed in 2013, when I was 47 years old. I was no longer diagnosed as having a “mental illness.”
It took nearly a half-century of living before I was finally recognized first by a therapist, then by a psychiatrist, as a sane transgender gay man.
I live today as my authentic self. And as December 1, World AIDS Day 2014, approaches, I think back to one of the seminal events for gay men my age: the AIDS crisis' eruption in the early 1980s. My experience of it was the same as so many other men yet, because of my unique history, so very different.
The crisis began around when I graduated from high school, and I was still largely sheltered by my small, Midwestern hometown. I moved to Greenwich Village in New York City, where I had once dreamt I would get to work as a writer and live as a gay man among other gay men. But by now I was trying to suppress these longings.
Inevitably, though, I once again fell in love with a man. This time it was my much older boss, whom I later found out was married. So I ended up failing not only morally — an adulterer in spite of my Christianity — but also in my classes, health, and finances. To be a good Christian girl, I resolved that I had to return home, transferring to a small local college near my grandparents.
If I couldn't resist making love with a man now and then, I decided that as a Christian I must force myself to take on the role of Christian wife. In the meantime, I finished my education throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s — traveling, praying, worshipping, serving in community organizations. I became increasingly aware of the toll the HIV and AIDS crisis was taking on gay and bisexual men, and the people who loved them.
And I could only stand by and watch as many men with and around me began to fade, live bravely, and die, as we all did during that time when there were no known treatments for the virus.
I'm still haunted by the shame of standing back helpless and silent as I remember them: the gaunt men covered in the purple patches and spots of Kaposi sarcoma on the New York subways and in the outdoor courtyards of Paris museums. My two-step dance partner in seminary, Tim; like me, he was studying to become a Christian pastor but, unlike me, he was bravely out of the closet. An uninsured, homeless college student — the homeless shelter director I worked with — turned away out of fear the virus would spread to other residents, even though every other housing option we sought for him also refused to take him.
I'm still haunted by the pain of overhearing the grief of a gay couple sitting in the same hospital where my oldest child's biological father was being treated for lymphoma, who heaved with loud sobs for hours each day, day after day, for weeks, terrified, alone only with each other, despairing and helpless as one of them died from then-untreatable complications of AIDS.
These men were my brothers. I was ashamed then, and I am ashamed now, that I was so deep in my own selfish fear and shame that I hid from them instead of helping. I hid from them because I was hiding from myself and even from my God — in drag, pretending to be a straight woman.
I saw them. I heard them. I grieved. But I did nothing; I was paralyzed. God forgive me.
H. ADAM ACKLEY, 47, is a gay trans* man and single parent who now lives in Los Angeles, but grew up in Ohio. Ackley is a writer, speaker, college professor, ordained minister in the historic Christian peace tradition, and consultant focused on intersections of faith, spirituality, mental health, and LGBTQ issues.
A junior sailor on board the attack submarine Missouri died during an overnight watch in a suspected suicide early Monday morning.
The third-class petty officer, whose name is being withheld for privacy concerns, is believed to have died from a gunshot wound from his issued 9mm pistol while standing a quarterdeck watch on Missouri, which is stationed at Naval Submarine Base New London, Connecticut, according to an internal memo on the incident obtained by Navy Times.
The incident occurred at about 1:30 in the morning.
A statement from Naval Submarine Support Center New London acknowledged the death, but declined to cite a cause of death citing an ongoing investigation.
"The Navy is aware of the incident involving the death of a Sailor aboard Naval Submarine Base New London in the early morning of February 27th," said Mass Communications Specialist Chief (SW/AW) Steve Owsley. "The incident is currently being investigated. We are saddened by the sudden loss of one of our Shipmates. Our deepest sympathies go out to the Sailor's friends, family and shipmates during this difficult time."
According to Navy data, there have been nine suicides in the fleet this year so far. There were 50 in all of 2016, the data show.
Sailors who are having suicidal thoughts should seek help from their chain of command, command chaplain or can contact the Military Crisis Line at 1-800-273-8255, or text them at 838255.
Muslims in Jersey City, New Jersey demanded that public schools be closed on Sep. 24 to celebrate the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha, also known as the Festival of Sacrifice.
Dozens of Muslims crowded a school board meeting last Thursday — with many reportedly sent in by CAIR to intimidate local officials.
While many of those officials considered giving in to their demands, the Jersey City Board of Education ultimately voted not to close schools for the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha, which one of the most important holidays for Muslims.
At one point, things became so heated that an official urged security to “take charge” of the situation. At least one person was seen on video being escorted from the meeting.
Board member Gerald Lyons suggested there is a perfectly valid reason for having school on Thursday, telling residents that closing school with just six days' notice would cause “undue hardship” for 5,000 to 10,000 parents who might not have anywhere else to send their kids.
Lyons also reminded that students can still take the day off as an excused religious absence, meaning they would not face a penalty for doing so.
Several upset Jewish parents also noted that their children don't get off school for established Jewish holidays like Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. Those Jewish parents, however, had made no special demands of their own.
Had the school board buckled, the school year would have been extended another day.
As Lyons presented the logic behind the decision, a spokeswoman for the petitioners arrogantly gave a veiled threat.
“We're no longer the minority. That's clear from tonight,” she said, while smirking. “We're gonna be the majority soon.”
Muslims currently only make up about 1 percent of the U.S. population.
Eid al-Ahsa is a brutal Islamic “celebration” in which hundreds of animals are inhumanely slaughtered. During the three days, Muslims personally, with up to six others sharing one animal, slaughter an animal such as a sheep, cattle, camel, or goat.
In case you didn't know Call of Duty: Ghosts has weapons. Lots of them.
Yet again, early copies of the game serve to hinder some of the secrecy regarding its content. This time, Twitter user @Espadah_ has been posting leaked images of the weapons used in Call of Duty: Ghosts' multiplayer.
Being set in the near future and within fictional events, a lot of the weapons in Ghosts' multiplayer may seem familiar, but may also appear tweaked or slightly modified.
Check out the images below. What's still missing, however, is the new class of weapon: the Marksman rifles.
Assault Rifles
SC-2010
SA0-805
AK-12
FAD
Remington R5
MSBS
Honey Badger
ARX-160
Light Machine Guns
Ameli
M27-IAR
LSAT
Chain SAW
Sub-Machine Guns
Bizon
CBJ-MS
Vector CRB
Vepr
K7
MTAR-X
Shotguns
Bulldog
FP6
MTS-255
Tac 12
Sniper Rifles
USR
L1155
Lynx
VKS
Marksman Rifles
CNN preempted Anderson Cooper's special covering the 10th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina on Tuesday to air a special edition of “CNN Tonight” which went wall-to-wall Donald Trump after his heated exchange with Univision anchor Jorge Ramos during a campaign presser in Iowa.
“Katrina: The Storm That Never Stopped” was scheduled for 9 p.m. ET on Tuesday. Cooper even tweeted to promote it.
Tonight 10 years after Katrina. Check out my @CNNSpecReport #Katrina: The Storm That Never Stopped at 9pET http://t.co/oovF4Hw2lx – Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) August 25, 2015
The special didn't air and has been bumped to Wednesday at the same time.
The #Katrina special report, Katrina: The Storm That Never Stopped has been moved to tomorrow. Wednesday 9pm – Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) August 25, 2015
Instead of the Katrina special, Don Lemon and guests reacted to Trump's barnburner of a speech in Iowa, where he challenged network president Jeff Zucker to pay him $10 million in charity donations to appear in CNN's presidential debate on Sept. 16.
Also Read: Donald Trump to CNN's Jeff Zucker, Fox News' Roger Ailes: You Should Pay Me Millions to Appear
CNN has not yet returned TheWrap's request for comment regarding its decision to bump the Katrina special.
ALBANY, New York, June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --
The global market for visualization and 3D rendering features a largely consolidated vendor landscape, with the leading three vendors accounting for a nearly 80% of the overall revenue generated in the market in 2016, observes Transparency Market Research in a recent report. These three vendors, namely Autodesk Inc., Dassault Systems, and NVIDIA Corporation, have strengthened their positions in the market with the help of cost competitive pricing, continuous introduction of innovative and advanced solutions, and collaborations with the view of expanding product portfolios.
The market presents significant demand for customized solutions. Thus, offering more innovative solutions or introducing higher versions of existing products with added features could help companies to further reinforce their positions or achieve larger share in the overall market. In February 2017, NVIDIA Corporation announced the release of GameWorks DX12, a software that is said to have advanced real-time simulation and rendering technologies. Introduction of such solutions could allow companies in the visualization and 3D rendering market to achieve better returns.
Transparency Market Research estimates that the global visualization and 3D rendering software market, which was pegged at US$577.4 mn in 2016, will exhibit an excellent CAGR of 24.3% from 2017 and 2025 and rise to a valuation of US$4,068.8 mn by 2025.
Get PDF Sample for this Research Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=11822
On-Premise Deployment Presently Most Preferred but Cloud-based Deployment Rapidly Gaining Traction
In terms of the type of deployment, the on-premise segment presently holds the dominant position in the global visualizations and 3D rendering software market. The segment accounted for a massive 66% of the overall revenue generated from the sales of visualization and 3D rendering software in the global market in 2016. However, owing to the rising popularity and the significant rise in the rate of adoption of the cloud medium for deploying visualization and 3D rendering software, the on-premise deployment segment will suffer a huge blow in its revenue valuation over the forecast period.
In terms of geography, the global market earns a massive portion of its revenues owing to sales across North America and Europe regions. Collectively, the revenue generated by the market for visualization and 3D rendering software in these regions accounted for a share of over 62% of the global market in 2016. Asia Pacific is also a key regional market for visualization and 3D rendering software products owing to the vast scope of usage in the thriving construction industry in the region. Driving on the back of the vast demand across construction and several other industries, the Asia Pacific market is expected to dominate in terms of rate of growth over the report's forecast period.
Faster and Low-cost Animation Development to Drive Adoption
By enabling quick visualization and animation development, visualization and 3D rendering software help accelerate the overall process of image processing, animation, and graphic designing. Also, the process eliminates the need for any additional sophisticated modeling, thereby significantly cutting down the expense of creating and changing visualization models. These benefits of advanced visualization and 3D rendering software products are key the vast rise in their adoption across a number of industry verticals in the past few years.
The use of visualization and 3D rendering software in reducing the time for finalizing product images and thus creating marketing material faster, making just-in-time marketing of the product more achievable, is also a key driver of the global visualization and 3D rendering software market. Owing to these factors, visual artists in industries such as entertainment, automotive, architecture, advertising, and web design are expected to increasingly utilize visualization and 3D rendering tools to create lifelike scenes for use in media or client engagement purposes.
Get more information from Research Report Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/visualization-3d-rendering-software-market.htm
This review of the global visualization and 3D rendering software market is based on a recent market research report published by Transparency Market Research, titled "Visualization and 3D Rendering Software Market (Deployment Type - On Premise and Cloud; End-use Verticals - Manufacturing, Construction, Media and Entertainment, and Healthcare) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2025."
For the study, the global market for visualization and 3D rendering software has been segmented as follows:
Visualization & 3D Rendering Software market: By Deployment Type
On-premise
Cloud Based
Visualization & 3D Rendering Software market: By End-use Industry Vertical
Manufacturing
Construction
Media & Entertainment
Healthcare
Others
Visualization & 3D Rendering Software market: By Region
- North America
The U.S.
Canada
Rest of North America
- Europe
UK
France
Germany
Rest of Europe
- Asia Pacific
India
Japan
China
Rest of APAC
- Middle East & Africa
GCC
South Africa
Rest of the Middle East & Africa
& South America
Brazil
Rest of South America
Top Most Research Reports by TMR:
Cognitive Computing Market : http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cognitive-computing-market.html
http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cognitive-computing-market.html Cloud Based Language Learning Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cloud-based-language-learning-market.html
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge.
Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector - such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR's syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement.
US Office Contact:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch
SOURCE Transparency Market Research
Doing more with less is the order of the day for many law enforcement agencies, and limited budgets may not leave room for extras such as an aviation unit or asset. The increasing demands of a growing public and ever expanding public services can test the resources of even the best funded agencies. Law enforcement organizations that do have aviation assets are usually relegated to purchasing surplus military equipment from government warehouses or buying well-used equipment from the private sector. Fixed wing aircraft purchase costs can reach into the hundreds of thousands of dollars and helicopters can run into the millions. The annual fuel and maintenance required to operate most aircraft can be five or six figures and put further strain on already tight budgets. What if there was something cheaper, more effective, and safer? Here is where we enter into the realm of Gyrocopters!
What is a gyrocopter one might ask? Although they are closely related, a gyrocopter is not a helicopter. Gyrocopters (also referred to as “Autogyros”) were first designed by aeronautical engineer, Juan de la Cierva, in 1920 after an unfortunate airplane accident due to a loss of lift wing stall, which is a characteristic common to fixed wing aircraft. Stalls are a loss of lift when airflow is disrupted over an airfoil such as the wing of an airplane. Many pilots have been killed or injured by being caught unware in unrecoverable low altitude stalls. Juan was convinced that a stall-proof aircraft could be designed that would prevent such accidents. In 1923 he achieved his first successful flight of an autogyro. Since that time gyrocopters have been used for decades in European countries.
What's so good about gyrocopters one might ask? Gyrocopters have the best flight characteristics of both fixed wing and rotary wing craft with minimal operating costs and are inherently safer. The inherent safety of the gyrocopter comes from the aerodynamic principle by which it flies and generates lift. This principle is called “autorotation”. The top rotor of a gyroplane is unpowered, unlike that of a helicopter that has a very complicated and expensive transmission. As the gyrocopter moves through the air with a pusher engine (rear-mounted engine) air is forced through the main rotor causing it to spin. The spinning of main rotor blades creates the lift needed to keep it aloft. Think of it as a horizontal mounted windmill. This autorotation of the main rotor has some benefits uniquely its own and superior to fixed wing or other rotary aircraft. First, a gyrocopter is constantly flying in “autorotation” and cannot stall because of how lift is generated.
Even with a complete engine failure, gyrocopters can land safely under full flight control and simply float down. A space slightly larger than the size of the aircraft is all that's needed for landing. Helicopters can land using auto rotation too, however, the complicated transmissions, varied pitch rotors and counter torque of control forces make landing a helicopter a more complicated and burdensome task for the pilot.
Additionally, buffeting and turbulence common to airplanes is greatly reduced in a gyrocopter because of the ability of the main rotor blades to cut through the air and to flex as turbulence is encountered. This makes for a much more stable viewing and surveillance platform. Since gyrocopter engines are mounted to the rear, this gives pilots and aircrews an almost completely unobstructed view of their surroundings. Gyrocopter flight characteristics are such that they only need a very short takeoff distance; they can land like a helicopter if needed, are naturally stable in flight, are highly maneuverable, and cannot stall.
Purchasing and operational cost of gyroplanes are significantly less than most airplanes or helicopters. Gyroplanes can be purchased and operated for a fraction of the cost of general aviation aircraft and for about 10 percent of the acquisition cost of a helicopter. (reference: Plane & Pilot Magazine Buyers Guide 2015). Helicopters are famous for their vast mechanical complexity with their host of moving parts that rely on each other to operate properly. A gyroplane, however, will provide 90 percent of the capability of the helicopter for 1/10th of the price.
High-end models of gyrocopters generally run in the range of $100,000 to $150,000. New models have fully enclosed cockpits, computer instrumentation, and environmental controls, and can carry heavy loads. There are many other models available in the ranges of $30,000-$80,000 depending on the needs and demands of agencies and their pilots and tactical flight officers. The per hour operational cost of most gyrocopters is between $10-$20. Speed ranges on average minimum 20 mph up to 100+ mph (in some instances with a headwind they can hover.) It's a flying technique called “kiting” where forward speed equals= headwind speed and effectively allows the gyro to hover.
As noted earlier, airplanes can run into hundreds of thousands and helicopters into the millions of dollars. For agencies that get free or reduced cost military surplus aircraft, the maintenance cost can be too much to bear. All too often high maintenance costs keep much needed assets grounded and ineffective, therefore negating any benefit to their acquisition.
The components of gyrocopters are not as complicated as those found in helicopters. In regard to fuel cost, most gyrocopters use regularly available automotive gas and not the more expensive aviation specialty fuels found at an airport that are generally three to five times higher. It's not uncommon for larger gyrocopters to carry 25 gallons of fuel and use four to five gallons an hour. Comparably, helicopters have a significantly higher rate of fuel consumption that translate to less flight duration and less time over target than available in a gyrocopter. Gyrocopter engines need an overhaul at roughly 2,000 hours of operation. Fortunately gyrocopter engines are simple, readily available and easy to service by well-established engine manufacturers at reasonable costs.
The compact fliers have been used by law enforcement and rescue service operations in European countries for decades. The Tomball, Texas Police Department; Somerset Police Department; Kentucky and Queen Anne's County, Maryland are law enforcement agencies in the United States who have chosen to purchase gyrocopters and found them to be exceptional for patrol operations. These agencies report that their gyrocopters have been effective in pursuits, operational surveillance, search and rescue operations and event security. A former chief of Tomball Texas was noted as saying that their gyrocopter was worth more than 20 patrol cars on the ground. i
Ancillary equipment that can be fitted to gyrocopters include fixed/movable infrared cameras, search lights, patrol radio equipment and even have the ability to carry officers armed with rifles.
A number of gyroplane manufactures have purpose built aircraft for law enforcement operations with all necessary equipment already installed. Many manufactures also offer flight instruction for agencies needing to transition already certified airplane or helicopter pilots or new pilots. It has been the experience with many gyrocopter pilots that the learning to fly them was easier and more enjoyable as compared to other aircraft.
Financial resource assistance for purchasing gyrocopters can be obtained by way of the U.S. Department of Justice and the National Institute of Justice Aviation Technology Programs. Links to funding sources, demonstration videos, list of agencies using gyro copters and further information can be found at: http://www.sccja.sc.gov/Other%20Files/Law%20Enforcement%20Gyrocopter%20Information.pdf
If you're looking to take your investigations and patrol to the sky… but the budget looks cloudy… think small. Gyrocopters tend to offer the best of both worlds in terms of affordability and capabilities (and let's face it … they look pretty cool, too.)
Bio:
Brian Bennett has 18 years' experience as a police officer and instructor at the South Carolina Justice Academy. He is a primary instructor in the areas of domestic violence and elder/vulnerable abuse at the Criminal Justice academy, in addition to being a tech enthusiast. Bennett was recognized by the Metropolitan Police Force—New Scotland Yard, England and the U.S. Marshals for locating and providing information which let do the capture of an international fugitive wanted by Scotland Yard for the murder of a 19-year-old girl in England.
When Johnny was about three or four I took he and Little Brother to a high school production of a musical featuring Disney songs and characters. All the greats were there, Mickey, Minnie, Ariel, Nemo, Simba. I was prepared for a morning of dancing in our seats and little boys with big smiley faces.
THAT is not what happened.
I believe it ended up being my first lesson in “be prepared” for ANYTHING… all the time. Because there was only one smiling face that morning, Little Brother. Johnny, well, it was hard to get a good look at his face due to his screams of terror, his thrashing in his seat and his attempts to escape. So, I chased him up and down much to the audience's delight and tried to engage him in the show. NOTHING DOING! This was HELL and he wanted out, NOW!
That morning ended with me pacing the first of many lobbies to contain Johnny. Little Brother watched the show in another Mom's lap. It might have been the first, but it was certainly not the last time this scenario played out.
Johnny was already in a Special Education pre-school class for “developmental delays” but this added to my ever-growing concern that there was more to the story. Outings of any kind were a crap shoot. You never knew which environment he would enjoy and which would cause him to scream bloody murder in a panic like state.
What was going on? Too much! That's what was going on. Too many people, too dark, too loud, too bright, too much music, too much clapping, too much surround sound.
The scary part, when put in these situations, he would just run, out the door, with no concern of knowing where he was or anyone around him. He just wanted out. So he would run and then find a place to hide. If it was a “familiar” place, I would at least have a peace of mind to know his “go to” places. But unfamiliar places were a nightmare. One minute he was there, the next minute…gone. One time we were at a tailgate party and finally found him hiding in a port a potty. THAT'S how much he hated crowds and noise. Those drinkers waiting in line looovvved him. That's okay, they weren't the first or last to give me the suck as a parent stare.
It seems only logical that knowing this about him, we would keep him away from any and all crowds. Problem is, that's extremely isolating and I thought would only eventually worsen the problem. But the biggest reason is I wanted so badly for us to be able to do “normal” things as a family, altogether. But ever so slowly I began to accept that this would not be the case. Our reality was different. One parent went on the “outing” and one stayed with Johnny or took him to a “safe” place for him. Which, at the time, involved any place with a train.
As he has gotten older, with different behavior therapy and some better coping skills (for everyone) most outings have gotten easier. He can also be convinced to “tolerate” a place with the promise of a “treat”. For him, this involves pizza or ice cream. He will do most anything for ice cream with chocolate syrup.
But lately I have wondered who it is for. Me or him? And is it “fair” to him to push him into these anxiety fueled situations? Is it helping? Is he really learning to cope any better. Or am I possibly causing him greater anxiety? And is that anxiety almost fear, like “no way out, I have no way out.”
Don't get me wrong, we do not, on a daily basis, put him in situations we know cause such stress and anxiety. But at times, it is unavoidable. And at times one of us quietly excuses ourselves and remove Johnny from the “too much” of whatever is stressing him out.
I have been thinking about this in relation to things or activities that I greatly dislike and cause some stress and anxiety. For example, last week we were going as a family to watch Big Brother play basketball. On the car ride The Captain was listening to a CD of heavy metal music. I HATE heavy metal music! I thought I was going to come out of my skin! When finally it was turned off I actually said, “Thank God!” I hate that stuff.
And this is only an occasional occurrence for me. Unlike Johnny, whose whole world seems to be stress inducing.
This caused me to reflect on the expectations we put on him. In the interest of what? And for what… Ice cream? Because I got to thinking, I would not EVER take a ride in a car with blaring heavy metal music by choice. And certainly not for the promise of a stinking ice cream.
In the end we do it for him, I believe. For his future, to help him learn to cope with a world that seems to have an unfair advantage over Autism. Maybe the world and autism could meet in the middle…maybe, someday, for Johnny's sake, and not just for ice cream.
The Index Award claims to be the largest design prize out there. Funded by the Danish government, Index shells out 500,000 Euros each year to the winning designers who have creatively demonstrated "Design to Improve Life." One of this year's finalists is the Bambulance , a human (or animal) propelled gurney meant to transfer the sick or injured across rural terrain.The Bambulance (which we first saw back in 2007) is made mostly from bamboo polls, meaning it can be made by hand with locally grown stock, and can be pulled by a person on foot, on bicycle, or even by a donkey. The design is currently being produced in Nairobi by two organizations, one that employs widows affected by AIDS, the other that employs at-risk slum youth. An offshoot has already begun in Namibia and word seems to be getting around. Vancouver designer Niki Dun of the Design for Development Society says that the Bambulance is "locally manufactured and distributed," and that it "also seeks to develop skills and provide economic opportunities within the communities it serves." The Bambulance's other three designers, Philippa Mennell and Chris Ryan of Canada, and Philippe Schlesser of Luxembourg, can be seen tinkering with and demonstrating the design in the video below. Keep your eyes peeled at the end of this month when the winners are announced.
By Maui Now Staff
At 12:12 p.m. today (Thursday, July 23, 2015), fire crews were called to assist in a search for a Molokaʻi man who was reported missing.
Firefighters from Engine 4 out of Kaunakakai, Engine 12 in Pukoʻo, and Rescue 10 aboard the department's Air 1 helicopter, responded to assist.
Ground crews on Molokaʻi were advised that there was a possibility the missing man may have launched a small sailboat from the shoreline fronting the Pukoʻo Canoe Shack. At that point, personnel launched Fire Ski 4 to assist with an ocean search.
SPONSORED VIDEO
Department officials report that at approximately 2 p.m., Air 1 located the vessel and missing individual on shore in the area just west of Kiolohia or “Ship Wreck Beach” on the island of Lānaʻi.
The man was transported back to Molokaʻi via Air 1 and was evaluated by medics and Engine 12 personnel.
Acting Public Information Officer, Rylan Yatsushiro said the Molokaʻi man in his 40's was reported to be in stable condition at last report.
Everyone already knows everything there is to know about megastars Connor McDavid, Sidney Crosby, Alex Ovechkin and Erik Karlsson. They're difference makers who will play a deciding role in the fates of their team and the league.
Instead of latching on to low-hanging fruit, let's instead shine the spotlight on a handful of other names that figure to play an important role for their teams this year. These are players who have something to prove, are poised to make the next step, or hold the keys to their team's fortunes.
Because of that, we should be closely following the progress of these players as the year goes on.
Steven Stamkos
It feels like cheating having Stamkos on this list given that he surely would've been included among those top-tier stars above just a couple of years ago. At the same time, it also feels like we've collectively been sleeping on the fact that a) the Lightning had to play out the final 65 games of last season without Stamkos and b) he's now fully healthy and ready to go from the jump this year.
It's understandable that people are skeptical of Stamkos this season, given how much time he's missed. At this point it'd be irresponsible to project him to play in all 82 games, or expect him to get back to lead the league in scoring again.
What should provide optimism here, however, were the inklings we saw that he was finally starting to round back into the form he held as one of the league's preeminent scorers prior to his catastrophic leg injury back in 2013. Playing with Nikita Kucherov and Vlad Namestnikov (a line that figures to be reunited to start the year) did wonders for helping rejuvenate Stamkos at five-on-five and brought out the best version of him we'd seen in years. It reversed the course of his downward slide:
Season Goals/Hour Points/Hour CF% Relative CF% Expected GF% Relative Expected GF% 2010-2011 1.33 2.55 52.08 -0.35 53.74 2.42 2011-2012 1.81 2.79 48.36 2.24 48.67 2.05 2012-2013 1.07 2.29 49.48 3.37 50.44 2.95 2013-2014 1.56 2.56 53.79 3.55 53.69 5.75 2014-2015 1.28 2.15 52.90 -0.39 53.19 -1.62 2015-2016 0.93 1.69 51.02 -1.77 48.11 -5.06 2016-2017 1.37 3.29 56.16 8.79 52.11 5.54
(All data via Corsica and Natural Stat Trick)
Whichever version of Stamkos we get will impact Tampa's place in the standings. Will we get the fully-loaded peak version of Stamkos, or will he slink back to being the declining goal scorer he was post-broken leg?
If he's the former, it will provide a compelling wrinkle to the argument that the Lightning will bounce all the way back to being the top challenger to the Pittsburgh Penguins and their hold on the Eastern Conference and Stanley Cup.
Leon Draisaitl
Given how successful Draisaitl and Connor McDavid were at terrorizing the opposition whenever they shared the ice last season, it's understandable that the decision of whether or not to keep them together is a difficult one for coach Todd McLellan.
They essentially made their intentions clear the moment they inked Draisaitl to an eight-year, $68-million deal this summer. That contract made Draisaitl the 10th-highest paid player in the league this season, a payday that also signalled the Oilers envision his long-term landing spot as the 1B to McDavid's 1A down the middle.
Of the two possibilities, splitting them up seems to make the most sense. That unrelenting 1-2 punch a la Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin would put the rest of the league in a grinder by presenting them with an impossible problem to solve. By opting to spread the wealth rather than loading up on top, they'd ensure the opposition wouldn't be able to focus the brunt of their defensive forces on stopping one line. Having McDavid and Draisaitl on separate lines makes the Oilers a significantly more difficult team to deal with.
At this point we can say with unabashed confidence that McDavid has vaulted into the rare pantheon of superstardom where everything he touches turns to gold, and everyone he plays with will have their value inflated.
Draisaitl's case is a bit more iffy, because aside from a number of playoff games last spring, we didn't really get a chance to see how capable he was of carrying his own line yet:
Combination Ice Time CF% FF% SF% GF% Draisaitl with McDavid 674.03 53.85 55.07 55.62 59.42 Draisaitl without McDavid 500.03 47.74 47.45 45.03 44.19 McDavid without Draisaitl 636.52 52.23 53.16 52.28 65.45
(CF%= % of Shot Attempts controlled by Oilers, FF% = % of Unblocked Shot Attempts controlled by Oilers, SF% = % of Shots on Goal controlled by Oilers, GF% = % of Goals scored by Oilers)
This doesn't mean Draisaitl can't be that type of player. He's only 21 years old, which means there's plenty of room for development ahead. He also already passes the eye test with flying colours, boasting all of the tools you'd like to see from a top young player. Most importantly, he's shed any residual concerns there may have been about his skating ability back when he was a draft prospect.
It's just slightly unnerving that the Oilers made the type of financial commitment to him they did, without fully vetting whether he was truly capable of being what they paid for.
If he can carry his own line while maintaining his offensive output, then it's a no-brainer deal you make if you're the Edmonton Oilers. If he can't, though, and settles into a role as McDavid's running mate on the wing, you've still at least got yourself a luxury.
But it'd be a luxury instead of a necessity, and one that you're paying an awfully steep premium for in lieu of addressing more pressing needs elsewhere. And that undoubtedly presents a whole new set of financial questions that'll eventually need to be answered.
Nathan MacKinnon
On the one hand, it's easy to lose sight of the fact that MacKinnon just turned 22 years old. On the other, it's hard not to look at what he's done thus far in his career as something of a disappointment given the sky high expectations he came into the league with as a first overall pick.
That's likely due to the fact that his offensive production has been trending in the wrong direction since his tremendous rookie season:
Season 5v5 Goals/Hour 5v5 Points/Hour 2013-2014 0.72 2.07 2014-2015 0.70 2.02 2015-2016 0.58 1.63 2016-2017 0.52 1.62
The caveat that's important to note about MacKinnon is that despite the fact the box car counting stats haven't been there, he's still managed to be effective in more subtle ways. At 5-on-5, he's drawn 45 more penalties than he's taken in his first four seasons thanks to the blazing speed he possesses. He's also generated a high volume of shots, which in theory is considered to be a good thing, but may be more of a negative here given his inexplicably poor finishing ability:
Season MacKinnon's Shooting % League Average Forward Shooting % 2013-2014 10.00 10.43 2014-2015 7.29 10.39 2015-2016 8.57 10.58 2016-2017 6.56 10.74
To put all of those individual struggles to turn shots into goals into perspective, here's a look at how many more times he would've scored in each season if he was a league average finisher:
Season Actual Goals Scored League Average Expectation 2013-2014 24 25 2014-2015 14 20 2015-2016 21 26 2016-2017 16 27
I'm not entirely sure what to make of all of this. One theory is that MacKinnon still doesn't know how to harness his immense speed and winds up putting himself in suboptimal shooting positions. But that's more anecdotal than anything else.
This is why MacKinnon is on this list – even though the Avalanche aren't going anywhere this season, he is one of the more fascinating players to keep an eye on because of how large the discrepancy is between how good our eyes tell us he should be, and how good he's actually been so far. If you watch him on the right occasion – especially on an international stage where he's playing with gifted players – you come away thinking there's no reason why he shouldn't be one of the most dominant NHL players.
As I generally do in these unique cases I'll bet on the talent and youth eventually winning out over time, but these struggles have persisted long enough that there might be something more to it than meets the eye.
Ryan McDonagh
In terms of a change in surroundings from one season to the next, there may be no bigger winner out of the summer than Ryan McDonagh. After years of being strapped to Dan Girardi, he has now finally been freed to run wild and explore the world with Kevin Shattenkirk as his new partner. The splits for McDonagh with and without Girardi over the years aren't necessarily surprising, but are remarkably telling:
Season TOI with Girardi Shot % with Girardi Chance % with Girardi Goal % with Girardi 2013-2014 1113.07 50.15 50.48 54.23 2014-2015 925.34 48.51 48.85 51.57 2015-2016 472.07 43.33 42.95 64.11 2016-2017 779.15 43.75 44.65 46.12
Season TOI without Girardi Shot % without Girardi Chance % without Girardi Goal % without Girardi 2013-2014 241.52 55.42 57.91 43.72 2014-2015 271.48 54.51 49.82 65.97 2015-2016 472.07 53.12 55.14 62.65 2016-2017 236.39 54.76 55.10 64.08
It doesn't exactly require a lot of mental gymnastics to reach the conclusion that McDonagh's on-ice numbers will skyrocket now that he's free from Girardi and playing with a net positive five-on-five partner. For us viewers, however, an even more interesting byproduct of the change will be seeing if and how McDonagh's game opens up and evolves stylistically.
Watching McDonagh navigate this new, joyous world could present us with one of the more aesthetically pleasing stories of the 2017-18 season, and the Rangers with a much-needed shot in the arm.
Scott Darling
The Carolina Hurricanes are one of the most trendy consensus sleeper picks this season, and with good reason. Unlike the past couple of years where they've had similar hype only to wind up falling short of expectations, there's legitimate reason to believe this season is different.
That optimism begins and ends between the pipes, a position they finally focused on improving this off-season when they acquired Scott Darling from the Chicago Blackhawks. Despite the fact the Hurricanes have regularly been one of the better puck possession teams in the league under Bill Peters, none of it has ultimately mattered because their goaltending units haven't been able to stop the puck with any consistency:
Season 5v5 Save % League Rank All Situations Save % League Rank 2014-2015 90.89 29th 90.21 27th 2015-2016 91.45 28th 90.23 29th 2016-2017 91.26 29th 90.09 27th
The reason Darling is particularly intriguing here is because he's still a relatively unknown commodity. Carolina's investment in him is reminiscent of the bet the Edmonton Oilers made on Cam Talbot a few summers ago, when he had an impressive albeit limited track record to analyze.
While there's no denying he's sparkled during his brief NHL career thus far, it only spans 75 total games sprinkled throughout three separate seasons. Dating back to his junior and collegiate career, the most games he ever appeared in during a single season was 42 a decade ago in the USHL.
Much like Talbot, if Darling is able to hold up under a workload he's never really had to shoulder before, he'll do wonders for Carolina over the top and turning them from a tantalizingly talented group into a legitimately competitive one that finally makes its triumphant return to the post-season.
A 54-year-old British man has been arrested for allegedly sexually abusing three blind students at a school in the Indian capital, police said Tuesday.
Murray Dennis Ward had been associated for nine years with the New Delhi school run by the National Association for the Blind, initially as a donor and later as a volunteer teacher, police said.
School authorities contacted the police after the boys, aged 14 and 15, complained about the alleged abuse, police said.
Ward appeared before a judge after his arrest on Monday, and was ordered held in police custody while investigations were going on. Police have seized his laptop computer and cell phone.
Ward hails from Gloucestershire in the U.K. He had been working with a technology company in the New Delhi suburb of Gurgaon until April.
A top police officer Ishwar Singh told reporters that the British high commission in New Delhi has been informed of the arrest.
Last Update: Tuesday, 5 September 2017 KSA 11:30 - GMT 08:30
Home ‎ > ‎ Lockfree Algorithms ‎ > ‎ Tips & Tricks ‎ > ‎ Spinning There are 2 ways to implement waiting in synchronization algorithms: OS blocking and spinning.
OS blocking generally requires the following steps. A waiter thread must check a condition which it wants to wait for, [register itself as a waiter], and then block itself by means of a semaphore, event, condition variable or whatever. A notifier must determine as to whether there are waiters or not, [unregister one or several waiters], and then notify them via a semaphore, event, etc. OS blocking has some pros and cons as compared to spinning: it's significantly harder to implement, it's penalizes fast-path performance (because notifiers have to check for waiter), but it's more efficient for long-term waiting (because waiters do not burn CPU cycles).
Spinning generally requires the following steps. A waiter checks for the condition, backoffs, checks for the condition, backoffs, and so on. As you see, notifiers are not involved in the process. Spinning is easier to implement, it does not penalize fast-path performance (the protocol is executed by an otherwise idle thread), however it's not optimal for long-term waiting and/or impacts latency (because a waiter may be in a "deep" backoff when the condition is satisfied). If spinning is used, then nobody except the thread does not know what it's waiting for; as opposed to blocking, when the thread needs to communicate what it's waiting for (otherwise, nobody will be able to notify it).
Let's concentrate on spinning, what types of spinning there are, how it may be implemented and so on.
There are 3 types of spinning: - Active or processor-level spinning. A thread notifies the processor (but not OS) that it's waiting for something. Notification of processor is done by means of instructions like PAUSE (x86) or hint0 (IA-64) (other architectures may have similar instructions - check a manual for your processor). However OS thinks that it's just a normal thread doing useful work. As a result, CPU cycles are senselessly burned during waiting. Notification of processor is important, never implement waiting just as:
while (! something ) {}
Instruction like PAUSE (1) improve performance (help to fight memory ordering issues inside of a processor), (2) decrease power consumption, (3) further improve performance in the context of HyperThreading Simultaneous Multithreading /Chip-level Multithreading (because a processor gives preference to siblings of waiting thread). So the code should look like:
while (! something ) { _mm_pause (); // for MSVC/IA-32 __yield (); // for MSVC/IA-64 __asm__ __volatile__ ( "pause" ); // for gcc/IA-32 }
Note that active spinning is useless on single-core/single-processor systems, because the condition can't possibly change until the thread gives up control. Active spinning is useful on systems with hardware concurrency (multicore/multiprocessor), because it assumes that another thread will change the condition while the thread spins.
- Passive or OS level spinning. A thread notifies OS that it's waiting for something, so that OS is able to switch control to another runnable thread (if any). Passive spinning is good because if there is some other useful work to do (a runnable thread), OS will switch to it - that useful work should be done sometime anyway, right? So why not switch to it now, when the thread can't make useful forward progress anyway? However in return passive spinning increases latecy for a waiting thread. What is more important depends on an application. On Linux passive spinning is implemented with pthread_yield(), or nanosleep() for "deeper" spin. On Windows situation is a bit more involved. There is SwitchToThread() which is limited to the current processor. There is Sleep(0) which is limited to threads of no-less priority (it's unclear as to whether it's intra-processor ot inter-processor). Finally, there is Sleep(1) which should cover all cases (all priorities/all processors).
- Hybrid spinning. Hybrid spinning tries to combine advantages of both approaches. That is, do active spinning for some time (to account for the case when the condition is satisfied soon by a thread running on another processor), then switch to passive spinning to not burn too much CPU cycles aimlessly. Below is an example of how hybrid spinning may be implemented on Windows: void do_ backoff ( int & backoff ) // backoff is initialized to 0 { if ( backoff < 10 ) _mm_pause (); else if ( backoff < 20 ) for ( int i = 0 ; i != 50 ; i += 1 ) _mm_pause (); else if ( backoff < 22 ) SwitchToThread (); else if ( backoff < 24 ) Sleep ( 0 ); else if ( backoff < 26 ) Sleep ( 1 ); else Sleep ( 10 ); backoff += 1 ; } Note that we generally want to increase delay during successive failures to find the condition satisfied. It helps to reduce contention and/or improves overall system's efficiency. Hybrid spinning must be considered as a default option, because it's all things to all men. However there are some exceptions: - On single-core/single-processor systems passive spinning should be employed. - If a system is completely dedicated to the application (that is no other noticeable work to do), and processors are not oversubscribed with threads, then pure active spinning may be used – there is no useful to do anyway, so we can burn CPU cycles right and left. Such situation is usally the case in the context of HPC (high-performance computing). However, there is still little sense in active spinning for more than, let's say, several milliseconds. - In ultra low-latency systems active spinning may help to reduce latecy of a critical path. - If a really long waiting is expected than one may use pure passive spinning. No need to bother yourself with implementation of hybrid spinning.
Music Festival Producer Pre-Sues Bootleggers
from the minority-report dept
The threat of bootleggers is real, of course, but it's based purely on speculation, without evidence of the kind of past specific misconduct that might trigger temporary remedies as seen in criminal proceedings. That seems odd, and perhaps a slippery slope. Why can't any company in America file John Doe trademark action and get police to seize goods they believe will be infringing? What stops this beyond the concert venue?
Ah, pre-crime. THREsq has a worrisome story of a couple of recent lawsuits by concert producers pre-suing potential bootleggers claiming trademark infringement. Yes, they're claiming trademark infringement for something that hasn't happened yet, and simply listing out hundreds of John Doe and Jane Does who can later be filled in. As a part of this, they're getting law enforcement involved by using the lawsuit to ask the court to order US Marshalls, local and state police and even off-duty officers to go ahead and seize and impound the bootlegged material.It's really quite something to read the lawsuit which refers to possible events happening in the future:The article notes that it seems unlikely that any defendants will show up in court to defend themselves or to protest the lawsuit, since. So, basically, the lawsuit is allowed because there's no one to contest it, because who's going to contest such a lawsuit? THREsq reasonably points out how troubling this trend is:
Filed Under: bootlegging, concerts, pre-suing, trademark
Companies: aeg
Guinea pigs live in the wild in South America, living in rocky areas, grasslands and forest edges. They live in groups of about 10 adults, and live in burrows, either dug by themselves or by other animals. They are most active at night, when they come out and forage on a wide variety of plant materials.
The guinea pig was first domesticated as long ago as 2000BC in the Andes in South America, in the region now known as Peru and Bolivia. They were originally kept for food, but some may have become family pets for the children at that time. Guinea pigs were not often bought; rather they were given as presents, especially as wedding gifts, or as gifts to special guests or children! They would be kept in the household kitchen, where they would be allowed to run around freely.
At this time the guinea pig also played the role of the evil spirit collector in traditional healing rituals. In Andean medicine the guinea pig was rubbed over the body of a sick patient, and when it started squeaking they believed it had identified the affected area! Black guinea pigs were considered especially holy, as in the wild black is the rarest colour, most wild guinea pigs are brown or grey, similar to the agouti colour we see today.
In the 1700s Dutch and English traders brought guinea pigs over from South America to Europe, where they became popular pets for the aristocracy. It is possible that on the journey over to Europe that they did stop at Guinea, leading people to believe that was where they came from. Queen Elizabeth 1 owned a pet guinea pig, which probably accounted for their popularity as pets from that time.
Guinea pigs are now extremely popular pets. They are very friendly and have no tendency to bite or scratch (if you do get nipped by mistake it is probably because they mistook your finger for a carrot!). They are also very hardy, and if cared for properly they have very few health problems.
We're in the home stretch of the contentious presidential election, and things aren't getting any prettier.
But while the race between Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump still looks very close, the tech industry appears to have made up its mind: They're with her. As this chart from Statista shows, the disparity in campaign contributions to Clinton and Trump from major tech companies is as stark as it gets.
The data comes from the Federal Election Commission (via the Center for Responsive Politics). While it only counts donations to each candidate's campaign committees (from individuals at the companies or from company-sponsored PACs), it gets the point across: The likes of Alphabet, Microsoft, Apple, Facebook, and others have all made notable contributions to Clinton.
Trump has PayPal co-founder and Silicon Valley contrarian Peter Thiel, and that's about it, a t least publicly. But Thiel's $1.25 million donation doesn't show up in this chart.
The disparity isn't surprising: Trump's campaign rhetoric and exclusionary immigration policies were enough to lead more than 140 tech leaders to sign an open letter condemning the former reality TV show star this past July.
Study reveals substantial evidence of holographic universe
A UK, Canadian and Italian study has provided what researchers believe is the first observational evidence that our universe could be a vast and complex hologram.
Theoretical physicists and astrophysicists, investigating irregularities in the cosmic microwave background (the ‘afterglow' of the Big Bang), have found there is substantial evidence supporting a holographic explanation of the universe – in fact, as much as there is for the traditional explanation of these irregularities using the theory of cosmic inflation.
The researchers, from the University of Southampton (UK), University of Waterloo (Canada), Perimeter Institute (Canada), INFN, Lecce (Italy) and the University of Salento (Italy), have published findings in the journal Physical Review Letters.
A holographic universe, an idea first suggested in the 1990s, is one where all the information, which makes up our 3D ‘reality' (plus time) is contained in a 2D surface on its boundaries.
Professor Kostas Skenderis of Mathematical Sciences at the University of Southampton explains: “Imagine that everything you see, feel and hear in three dimensions (and your perception of time) in fact emanates from a flat two-dimensional field. The idea is similar to that of ordinary holograms where a three-dimensional image is encoded in a two-dimensional surface, such as in the hologram on a credit card. However, this time, the entire universe is encoded!”
Although not an example with holographic properties, it could be thought of as rather as watching a 3D film in a cinema. We see the pictures as having height, width and crucially, depth – when in fact it all originates from a flat 2D screen. The difference, in our 3D universe, is that we can touch objects and the ‘projection' is ‘real' from our perspective.
Introduction
ISRO - Indian Space Research Organisation founded by Vikram Sarabhai almost 45 years ago on 15 August 1969 with a primary objective to advance space technology and use its applications for national benefit for India and rest of the world. This day 24th Sep'14 shall always be remembered in history as moment for India to be first nation who sent Mars orbiter which successfully entered in its orbit in first attempt. This is a huge success for all Indian. A major boost in DEEP SPACE EXPLORATION.
The Indian Mars Mission
The Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), known as 'Mangalayaan' was launched into Earth orbit on 5 November 2013 by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and has entered Mars orbit on 24 September 2014 at a record cost of $67 million which is less than Rs5 per person of India's total population. This gives India a clear edges over its Asian neigbours.
On 24th Mar 2015 - India MOM completes 6 months in Martian orbit and all the equipments are working normally which would make this mission last much longer than anticipated.
Getting to know about MOM
MOM was successfully placed into Red-Planet's orbit on september 24 8:23 AM IST.The spacecraft had a lift-off mass of 1,350 kilograms and 15 kg of scientific instruments as payload and planned to be put into a highly elliptical orbit around Mars. Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft and mission is primarily technological mission considering the critical mission operations and stringent requirements on propulsion and other bus systems of spacecraft.
The framework of MOM
If you look at ISRO's objectives , its broken down into two key aspects:
A. Technological Objectives:
Design and realisation of a Mars orbiter with a capability to survive and perform Earth bound manoeuvres, cruise phase of 300 days, Mars orbit insertion / capture, and on-orbit phase around Mars.
Deep space communication, navigation, mission planning and management.
Incorporate autonomous features to handle contingency situations.
B. Scientific Objectives:
Exploration of Mars surface features, morphology, mineralogy and Martian atmosphere by indigenous scientific instruments.
Scientists working on the mission | Photographs - AP
Build & Quality
The payload for MOM has key guests who shall be providing important information of Martian planet.
Lyman Alpha Photometer (LAP) - to measure Deuterium & Hydrogen which in turn help to understand loss of water from planet.
Methane Sensor for Mars (MSM) - to measure Methan on MArtian atmosphere
Mars Exospheric Neutral Composition Analyser (MENCA) - to measure neutral composition
Mars Color Camera (MCC) - to capture images and information about the surface features and composition of Martian surface
Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer (TIS) - to measure thermal emission to map surface composition and mineralogy of Mars
For more details visit: http://www.isro.org/pslv-c25/pdf/mom-payloads.pdf
The technical specification is in below brochure : http://www.isro.org/pslv-c25/pdf/pslv-c25-brochure.pdf
Some of the Mission Critical Challenges (Courtesy : Wikip edia) (Courtesy : ISRO
Thermal Environment
The bus needs to cope with a wide range of thermal environment, from Near Earth conditions with Sun and Earth contributions (hot case) to Mars conditions where eventually eclipses and reduced solar flux give rise to cold case issues.
Radiation Environment
The main frame bus elements and payloads are basically designed for interplanetary missions capable of operating in Earth Burn Manoeuvres (EBN), Mars Transfer Trajectory (MTT) and Martian Orbit (MO) environments.
Communication Systems
The communication systems for the Mars mission are responsible for the challenging task of communication management up to a distance of 400 million km. It consists of Telemetry, Tracking and Commanding (TTC) systems and Data transmission systems in S-band and a Delta Differential One-way Ranging (Δ-DOR) Transmitter for ranging.
The TTC system comprises of coherent TTC Transponders, TWTAs (Travelling Wave Tube Amplifiers), a near omni coverage antenna system, a High Gain Antenna system, Medium Gain Antenna and corresponding feed networks.
The High Gain Antenna system is based on a single 2.2 meter reflector illuminated by a feed at S-band.
Power System
One of the major challenges in the design of power system is due to the larger distance of the satellite from the Sun. The power generation in Mars orbit is reduced to nearly 50% to 35% compared to Earth's orbit.
The power bus configuration comprises of a single wing of solar array with 7.56 m2 area generating about 840 W during sunlit and normal incidence in Martian orbit, and a 36 Ampere-Hour Lithium-Ion battery supports the power load during launch phase, initial attitude acquisition, eclipse, Earth burns, MOI, safe mode and data transmission phases.
Propulsion System
Propulsion System consists of one 440N Liquid Engine and 8 numbers of 22N thrusters. The propellant tanks have combined storage capacity up to 852 kg propellant. The 22N thrusters are used for attitude control during the various activities of the mission like, orbit raising using liquid engine, attitude maintenance, Martian orbit maintenance (if any) and momentum dumping.
As the critical operation of Martian Orbit Insertion with Liquid Engine burn occurs after 10 months of launch, suitable isolation techniques are adopted to prevent fuel/ oxidiser migration issues.
First Pictures from MOM
On-board Autonomy
Given that the Round-trip Light Time (RLT) from Earth to Mars can vary anywhere between 6 to 43 minutes, it would be impractical to micromanage a mission from Earth. Due to this communications delay, mission support personnel on Earth cannot easily monitor and control all the spacecraft systems in real-time basis. Therefore, the configuration includes the use of on-board autonomy to automatically manage both the nominal and non-nominal scenarios on-board the spacecraft.
Cheat Sheet
A tiring but an ambitious journey of 300 days and 420 million miles, the cheapest interplanetary mission ever to be undertaken by the world” Though Indian Space Research Organisation – is a late entrant to the space race, and the success of Mangalyaan makes the country an Asian leader in space exploration, is national pride. While some think that in India, still large population lives below poverty line however India's weather satellites helped reduce the number of deaths during cyclone Phailin last year is classic example of such exploration which costed India only Rs 5 per person on population scale. India is fortunate in having a long and diverse history of campaigning science movements that have sought to draw both on indigenous knowledge traditions and direct modern scientific research towards progress in health, literacy, environment, nutrition and sanitation which is vital for next generation Young Indians. The Cheat Sheet Mangalyaan and NASA's MAVEN join two other NASA orbiters, Europe's Mars Express orbiter and two NASA rovers currently exploring Mars. Two-thirds of the craft's parts were made by Indian companies such as Larsen & Toubro and Godrej & Boyce. Both the United States and Russia lost their first Mars probes. Europe's first Mars mission, the multinational Mars Express, did enter orbit in December 2003, although a companion British-built lander was destroyed during its descent to the surface. NASA duly tipped its hat. "We congratulate the Indian Space Research Organisation for its successful arrival at Mars with the Mars Orbiter Mission," NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement. The expected life of the craft is six months, after which it will run out of fuel and be unable to maintain its orbit. The project had cost less than "Gravity", whose budget the Internet Movie Database (IMDb) estimates at $100 million.
here The live updates on the mission can be found
General Observation & Verdict
Indeed its one of the most sought out achievement for India, and western world for surely attribut it to people costs which are less, and the scientists and engineers working on any space mission are always the largest part of the ticket price. One of the important aspect is how India's home-grown components and technologies have also been prioritised over expensive foreign imports. But its the zeal of each each Indian had carefully made things work simply. Kudos to all.
Prosecutor receives documents on Asst. Professor Melissa Click
COLUMBIA – The University of Missouri Police confirmed it gave documents regarding MU Assistant Professor Melissa Click to the Columbia City Prosecutor.
The Columbia City Prosecutor is reviewing the documents to determine if charges should be pressed against Click for actions during the Nov 9 protests on MU's campus.
In the video, Click is shown asking for “muscle” to help remove the photojournalist, identified as Tim Tai. Tai was on assignment for ESPN and trying to take photos of protesters on Carnahan Quadrangle after UM System President Tim Wolfe resigned. The video went viral.
Click later apologized for the way her actions “shifted attention away from the students' campaign for justice.” She also said she apologized directly to a reporter involved, but did not specify which one.
Despite the apology, some members of MU's faculty and staff asked MU to fire Click.
"I saw a case of assault and battery against a student and here we are two days later and I haven't heard of the university police doing anything that the whole world saw by a videotape. What we have, once again, is the university dragging its feet on responding to a misbehavior by somebody on campus," said MU journalism professor Brian Brooks.
Click did resign her courtesy appointment with the Missouri School of Journalism, but remains with the Department of Communication.
Pirates killing ninjas. Ninjas killing pirates. So sad. Why can't they all just get along? Like these two slackers upstanding peace-lovers. Kicking back with some rum and sake. Peace and tranquility is good, yeah? ^_^I downloaded * leventep 's brushes to try out, so this pic was mostly an excuse for me to play around with them. He's got some irregular shapes that are really nice for foliage and plantlife. Better than the more square/round photoshop default brushes. It was fun experimenting.Start to finish in Photoshop. I definitely used refs for this. The beach is based off a photo I took of my parents on a beach near Redwood National Forest. I altered the landscape slightly and changed the time of day. (While I normally post my reference pics, Mom and Dad are very internet shy, so I'm not posting this one. If, for some reason, you're dying to see it, send me a note.) Parrot, sake jug, and rum jug are based off of pics from Google Image. Used posemaniacs.com for loose pose refs for the two guys.EDIT:Progression: [link] Details: [link]
Rutgers University-Newark (RU-N) has joined with RBH Group (RBH), who's behind Teacher's Village, to create a state-of-the-art learning and residence facility with dining, recreational, and academic spaces that will host upwards of 400 talented undergraduate students.
The approximately $70 million, 400-bed Honors Living-Learning Community will be a mixed-use development that will include residences, classrooms/work spaces, street level retail and parking, as well as a vibrant, open space that will be a gathering place for RU-N and the surrounding community. The estimated 320,000-square-foot project will include 30,000 square feet of ground floor retail. It will be located on the block bounded by New, Washington, Halsey and Linden Streets in downtown Newark. Perkins Eastman, an international architecture, design and planning firm, will design the project. Construction is expected to begin in late 2016 and be completed in 2018.
The Honors Living-Learning Community (HLLC), is a transformative college access and success program that fosters the academic, social, and personal development of talented students from all walks of life with a desire to make a difference in their communities and beyond. With an innovative curriculum centered on themes of “Local Citizenship in a Global World,” The HLLC is an innovative RU-N initiative that is revolutionizing the notion of “honors” by creating intergenerational and interdisciplinary learning communities comprised of students, faculty, and community partners focused on tackling some of the nation's most pressing social issues. Dynamic students are selected to join a living-learning community and intergenerational network across all intersections of identity focused on cultivating knowledge, fostering understanding across and within groups, and activating social, institutional, and cultural change. The current, inaugural cohort of 30 students will be joined by 60 more in fall 2016 who were selected from over 750 applicants. HLLC cohorts are planned to reach a steady state of 100 students per year by 2018, including first-year students and community college transfers.
The University selected RBH Group as the developer of this exciting urban learning community based upon a number of factors including its commitment to social impact development in Newark and other emerging urban centers, as well as its development of Newark's Teachers Village, a national model for transformative urban living and learning. Teachers Village is a mixed-use development comprising 204 workforce-housing units, three schools, an early childhood learning center, and over 60,000 square feet of retail space.
The British public are renowned for their love of animals. Historically, the UK has been a hotbed of heated debate about animal cruelty and the use of animals in research. A number of well-established, UK-based organisations such as NAVS and the RSPCA have been highly effective in shining a light on animal cruelty and have garnered public support for better regulation of animal research. For example, the iconic picture of “smoking beagles” appalled readers of The Sunday People when it was published in 1975 and had a dramatic effect on the way in which animal experimentation was perceived.
Author provided
Ethical standards in animal research have improved significantly since that time but the UK currently has one of the highest rates of animal experimentation in Europe. In 2015, this amounted to 2.08 million experimental procedures on a range of animals.
Author provided
Most ethical codes for the use of animals in experimental research are based upon three principles: replacement, reduction and refinement – otherwise known as the “three Rs”.
Author provided
The three Rs forms the basis of most existing policy around the world including the EU Directive 2010/63/EU. Among other requirements, this directive lays down minimum standards for housing and care and requires the assessment of pain, suffering, distress and lasting harm caused to the animals. Hence, in the EU at least, a laboratory mouse should be well cared for by experienced handlers, kept in conditions that ensure its health and well-being, with minimal restrictions on behavioural needs.
The three Rs are widely accepted by scientists and the public alike as being a reasonable measure for ethical acceptability. But the far reaching acceptance of the three Rs as a basis for governance of animal experimentation raises the question of why this concept is only applied to the use of animals in research. Why isn't it also applied to the farming and slaughter of animals?
The slaughter house
Compared to the number of animals that are used for experimental purposes, the number of animals that are slaughtered in the UK each year is enormous. For example, in 2014 the total number animals slaughtered was almost one billion.
Author provided
Hence, in the UK, the number of animals used in experimental procedures is only about 0.2 per cent the number of slaughtered animals.
A recent MORI poll found that as many as 26 per cent of the British public would support an outright ban on animal research and yet, according to an Ipsos MORI survey, only 3.25 per cent of the British public never eat meat. Why is there such a disparity? Do the British public care less about the animals they eat than the animals that are used in research?
If we are to be consistent in the application of our moral principles, we should apply the same consideration to all animals that are used by humans, for whatever purpose. But if we apply the same ethical principles – in other words the three Rs – to the use of animals for meat it would would mean that:
1) Wherever possible, the consumption of animals should be replaced with other foods (Replacement).
2) If there is no alternative, then only the minimum number of animals needed to meet nutritional needs should be consumed (Reduction).
3) When animals must be eaten, great care should be taken to decrease the incidence or severity of inhumane treatment and procedures (Refinement).
Clearly, if we apply the three Rs to the production of meat, the meat industry would virtually disappear.
It seems unlikely there will be consistency in application of ethical standards for animals any time soon. The double standard that exists between animals that are used for experimental purposes and those that are destined for consumption is ingrained within cultures and legislation. However, there are signs that the British public may be applying the three Rs in their lifestyle choices, whether they realise it or not.
According to the Vegan Society, the number of vegans in the UK has tripled since 2006, making veganism the fastest growing lifestyle movement. While not as extreme, 51.3% of the British public say that they try to avoid using any items derived from animals or that involve animals.
Certainly, the availability of meat substitutes in UK shops is increasing tremendously. Refinement has also shown itself to be of importance to the UK public. This is clearly evident from the shift in buying habits that occurred after the efforts of celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to raise awareness of the conditions in which battery hens are kept. About 80 per cent of the British public now buy free range or organic eggs.
There is no good reason why, if the three Rs are an accepted requirement for the use of animals in experimentation, that they should not also be a requirement for the use of animals in the meat industry. The fact that this notion is readily accepted within animal research, but not even discussed in regard to the use of animals in the production of meat, is a clear example of double standards.
<@brson> i just rejected a rust-dev post from somebody complaining about the performance of the rust game
<@acrichto> brson: haha
<@acrichto> at some point those posts will start to decline
<@acrichto> hopefully...
<cmr> ... maybe
<cmr> the game does perform pretty poorly
<cmr> it'd clearly be better if it were written in rust
<@brson> what can we do to sabbotage this game?
<@brson> make it go away
* cmr plays it
<@acrichto> brson: I think a more reasonable course of action would be to rename the languge
<@brson> lol
<jack> brson: it's free to play so i assume it will die eventually.
<cmr> jack: no it's not
<jack> cmr: hmm. is there another game like that that is free to play that i am confusing it with?
<jack> I should go onto the steam forums and start asking borrow checker questions.
<cmr> !!
<cmr> that is the best path forward.
<cmr> jack: dunno
<cmr> I don't know of anything else called rust
<jack> cmr: i think i was thinking of path of exile
<@tjc> pay off the game makers to rename their game to something else :-)
<@tjc> such as "Go"
<kimundi> "Rust and Go"
<kimundi> ... that sounded funner in my head
<cmr> "Go and Rust" is more assertive :p
<jack> maybe we can get these confused people to pay us $20 a pop for our language.
<@tjc> heh
<@tjc> who says you can't make money selling a compiler? You can, as long as you convince people it's a video game.
<cmr> QOTW right there
<@tjc> "It's a text-based adventure where you fight a monster called the Borrow Checker by typing cryptic symbols like ~ and @"
<jack> Isn't it one? It's kind of like a text adventure where you have to discover memory safety in your dumb, broken program.
<@tjc> exactly
<eddyb> cmr: someone nominated something else in #rust, yesterday or so
<cmr> eddyb: I got it
<jack> You have been eaten by a dynamically sized type.
<cmr> "eddyb> who needs pure functional when you have pure cool?"
<@tjc> jack++
<@tjc> also, no refunds if you see the words "Internal compiler error", it just means the monsters won
<jack> PLACATE BORROWCK
<jack> You have found an internal compiler error. YOU WIN!
<@tjc> heh
<@tjc> this could be a good way to outsource fuzz testing without having to rewrite the fuzzer ;-)
<jack> The cave is dark an damp. The cackles of deranged programming language designers echo off every surface. There is a sigil on the floor.
<larsberg> "You are in a nondescript text file of nondescript size. Pointers are named north, south, and west. Oh, and there's a Borrowck over there in the corner."
<jack> Written in blood on the far wall you see 'r-'.
<larsberg> acrichto: moving the toolchain to android-18 sadly did not change anything
<larsberg> also, still getting "warning: RUST_LOG set, but no crate map found." at startup
<larsberg> which leads me to think it's not working
<larsberg> maybe a grue ate it?
<eddyb> cmr: heh. I wasn't sure it was me, I didn't remember who said and what was said :P
<eddyb> larsberg: s/grue/internal symbol stripper
* jack MOVE NORTH
<jack> error: Use of already moved value, north.
<larsberg> lol
<jack> GO NORTH
<jack> error: Go is not a systems programming language.
<eddyb> haha, I was going to make a war in the north reference, but this is much better
<jack> WALK NORTH
<jack> error: The tree is infinite. You starve. YOU LOSE.
Barcelona became the third side to take a massive lead into the second leg of the European Cup quarter-finals.
Pep Guardiola was still without Carles Puyol and Eric Abidal, so Sergio Busquets continued at the back. Pedro Rodriguez was only fit enough for the bench, so Andres Iniesta played in the front three, and Seydou Keita started in the middle.
Former Barcelona centre-back Dmyto Chygrynskiy was unavailable for the away side, but otherwise it was Mircea Lucescu's expected 4-2-3-1 side.
Like in the other two high-scoring games this week, the home side got off to a tremendous start when Iniesta slotted home after two minutes to put Barcelona ahead.
Shakhtar threaten
Despite the eventual scoreline, the away side were an attacking force in the game, especially in the first half, and looked to have all the required characteristics to expose Barcelona at the back. First and foremost, they had pace upfront. Luiz Adriano's lightning acceleration kept causing Busquets problems (he'd also come unstuck by Giuseppe Rossi's speed at the weekend), and he had a golden chance early on to give Shakhtar an away goal.
Their second strategy was more intelligent – with Alves playing very high up the pitch, the Ukrainian side tried to hit direct balls into Barcelona's right-back zone, and exploit the fact the Brazilian was frequently out of position. An early shot from a narrow angle tested Valdes, and Alves contributed to the danger down that flank by being very sloppy in possession – conceding possession on the flank unnecessarily, and then underhitting a backpass which almost put Adriano in.
Late runs prove crucial
It was Alves who got the second goal with a trademark run on the blind side of the defence to meet an Iniesta lofted ball over the top. That run has caught out many sides this season, but Shakhtar seemed to be especially prone to it – no-one tracked him whatsoever, and Alves was one-on-one with the goalkeeper.
Shakhtar's' inability to cope with late runs continued to be a problem throughout the game – in fact, despite Barcelona scoring five goals, none of them came from the two forwards on the pitch, David Villa or Lionel Messi – or Pedro, when he came on. Keita and Xavi added goals later on from midfield, whilst Gerard Pique's untracked run from a corner to the near post found him in acres of the space.
The goals were all preventable – but Barcelona were using their players cleverly, with the forwards dragging defenders out of position and midfielders exploiting the space.
Open play
Shakhtar tactics without the ball seemed to be to press Barcelona quickly when they played the ball in midfield, attempting to force Barcelona to play the ball backwards – at which point, Shakhtar dropped off. They played a reasonably high line but offered no pressure on the ball at points – this resulted in the Alves goal – which was suicidal.
Barcelona's pressing was also more important than ever here, as Shakhtar tried to play on the counter. In their previous tie against Roma, Shakhar's transitions were excellent, but here they found it difficult to get past the first press, and therefore rarely countered from defence effectively.
Chalkboards
Messi continued to play in a deeper, classic playmaking position:
Despite having a solid 'square' of two centre-backs and two holding midfielders, Shakhtar frequently lost tackles in key, central positions:
Barcelona usually take their corners short, but in the past couple of games have been trying to send in near post corners to Busquets, who flicks the ball on to Pique. It's clearly a training ground move – it worked against Villarreal and nearly worked again here. Pique did get a goal, from a near post run as his marker was blocked off.
Barcelona were even more keen than usual to play square passes – a third of their attempted balls were played sideways.
Conclusion
What many billed as a potential banana skin turned out to be a comfortable victory for Barcelona, though they did have problems with pace in behind the defence in the first half.
The main lesson to take from this match is Barcelona's use of midfielders making late runs – llegada. Neither of their main goal threats scored, instead they focused on creating space. It was noted in the Roma game that Shakhtar often only truly defended with six players – perhaps they needed more defensive awareness from the front four.
Chalkboards from TotalFootball
Related articles on Zonal Marking:
Did You Know?
Powerful you have become Dooku, the dark side I sense in you. Fans of Star Wars will recognize Yoda's line in Attack of the Clones. Others might guess that Yoda is the speaker because of the unconventional syntax that is the hallmark of Yoda's speech. (In typical Yoda fashion, the subject is second instead of first in both clauses-it follows a predicate adjective and the direct object, respectively.) The name for this kind of syntactical inversion is anastrophe, from the Greek verb anastrephein, meaning "to turn back." President John F. Kennedy employed anastrophe for rhetorical effect when he inverted the typical positive-to-negative parallelism in his famous line "Ask not what your country can do for you-ask what you can do for your country." In poetry, anastrophe is often used to create rhythm, as in these lines from Lewis Carroll's "Jabberwocky": "So rested he by the Tumtum tree, / And stood awhile in thought."
Tea Party activists from around the country tell Breitbart News that Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC), who on Sunday criticized surging GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson's recent statements on the role of Islam in American politics, misses the main point.
Appearing On Fox News Channel's “Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo,” Graham called on Dr. Carson to apologize for his remarks that he would “not support” a person of Muslim faith for the presidency:
I think Dr. Carson needs to apologize to [a Muslim who grew up in Kabul and now serves in the U.S. Army] and every other Muslim serving their country and to the American Muslim community. And if he understood the world and how dangerous it is he would not say things like this. We have to partner with people in the faith to destroy radical Islam. And most Muslims throughout the world reject what radical Islam is trying to do to the world and their faith. This is an example to me that Mr. Carson may be a good doctor, but he is not ready to lead a great nation.
Tea Party activists who spoke with Breitbart News about Graham's call for Dr. Carson to apologize for his remarks set forth the view that Islamists pose a threat to the Constitution. Constitutionally limited government is one of the three core values of the Tea Party movement. The other two core values are fiscal responsibility and free markets.
“I have to agree with Dr. Carson here,” Joe Dugan, founder and coordinator of the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition Convention in Graham's home state, tells Breitbart News.
“Apparently the remarks just flew over Sen. Graham's head or he used them to grandstand his own virtuosity,” Dugan says.
“This is not about one's choice of religion but is totally about Muslim views that are in total conflict with our Constitution,” Dugan adds.
“Lindsey's criticism of Carson's comment is a prime example of his disconnect from common sense and reality in general,” long-time Virginia Tea Party activist Mark Kevin Lloyd tells Breitbart News.
“It's not about religion, it's not about race, it is simply about protecting American lives and freedom. Any aware and honest person understands Sharia Law is not compatible with the Constitution our presidents take an oath to uphold. It is long past time for plain and simple truth to be spoken,” Lloyd concludes.
“The call for apology is rich coming from a whiny loud mouth best known for slandering millions of patriotic Americans as ‘bigots' simply for believing we have a right to our own borders,” Dallas Tea Party co-founder Ken Emanuelson tells Breitbart News.
“Dr. Carson has since explained that he wouldn't support a theocratic Islamist for President. On that score, he stands with most Americans,” Emanuelson adds.
“I believe it is a cynical attempt by Lindsey Graham to gain ink-and-air for his own struggling presidential campaign,” long time California Tea Party activist Christina Botteri tells Breitbart News.
“Because Mr. Graham has staked out the Middle East as his exclusive wheelhouse, I suspect the Senator believes he can burnish his singular bone fide and convert the additional notoriety into upward momentum for his current ‘campaign to nowhere,' ” Botteri adds.
“Furthermore,” she concludes, “entire hypothetical subject of the personal faith of a possible future candidate is a distraction not worthy of another minute of discussion [in the news cycle]. The time spent talking about this is time not spent discussing how to stop out-of-control government spending, overreach, and rampant unaccountability; or how to address the number one concern of Americans: growing the economy and creating more jobs.”
“America is a nation of ideas and the ideas should compete. A lot of people believe Islam is nothing more than a political system cloaked in the guise of a religion,” Judson Phillips, founder of Tea Party Nation, tells Breitbart News.
“Why can't Ben Carson say these things and let America debate them? Why are liberals like Lindsay Graham so anxious to stop any debate on any idea they disagree with?” Phillips asks.
“Calling for someone to be silenced, especially coming from a candidate for the President of these United States, where Freedom of Speech is inviolable is classic leftist political correctness,” Zan Green, founder of Birmingham Alabama's Rainy Day Patriots Tea Party, says of Graham's call for Carson to apologize.
“As Dr. Carson put it recently, the press needs to take an English lesson and understand the answers he presented quite elegantly. ‘Sharia has no place in our Country and no place in our Constitution,'” long-time Montana Tea Party activist Eric Olsen tells Breitbart News.
“Graham, like so many in the PC crowd, extracts a sound bite from a broader commentary, in this case Carson's discussion of Islam and the presidency,” Mark Skoda, a Tea Party activist from Tennessee, tells Breitbart News.
“Islam is fundamentally a political and religious ideology,” Skoda adds.
“Carson was reflecting on the fact that all too many in the Muslim community are antagonistic to the values expressed in our Constitution. Not all, but many. And recognizing this fundamental difference is no more problematic than saying an avowed Communist shouldn't be president. He should not apologize for his ruminations on a question that was hypothetical in nature,” Skoda concludes.
“I just wonder if Graham has had this conversation with his buddy, John McCain? Or does it only anger him when the person saying it is a conservative Christian? Double standard much, Lindsey?,” Dr. Gina Loudon, an early Tea Party organizer and currently host of America Trends with Dr. Gina, tells Breitbart News.
With Dr. Carson continuing to rise in the polls and Senator Graham unable to move above 1 percent, most Republican primary voters appear to share the views expressed by these Tea Party activists to Breitbart News.
Titan Comics announced at the ComicsPRO retailers summit in Portland, Oregon on Friday that it will publish the Japanese manga adaptation of the BBC series Sherlock episode "A Study in Pink" in the United States and United Kingdom. The company will offer the manga both digitally and in print this June.
In addition to the main manga, Titan Comics' release will have new covers and additional pages by artists such as Alice X Zhang.
Kadokawa has also published a bilingual edition of the manga aimed at Japanese students studying English.
In the BBC series, several Doctor Who scriptwriters (Steven Moffat, Mark Gatiss, and Stephen Thompson) takes Arthur Conan Doyle's brilliant yet idiosyncratic detective and re-imagines him in modern-day London. Benedict Cumberbatch ( Atonement, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy , Star Trek Into Darkness, The Fifth Estate ) and Martin Freeman ( The Office, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, The Hobbit, The World's End ) star as Sherlock and his friend Dr. Watson, respectively. There have been three seasons of three 90-minute episodes, and a fourth season is in the works.
The artist "Jay." drew the manga in 2012. A second run of the manga adapted the second episode, "The Blind Banker," in 2013. A third run adapted the third episode, "The Great Game," beginning in December 2014.
Source: Entertainment Weekly; Andrea Towers via Comic Book Resources
Scenes from the Somalia You Don't See on the News
beyond the stories of terrorist outrages lies a country that is not giving up hope for a peaceful future
Photographs and Text by Brent Stirton
I've been fortunate to work as a photojournalist in Somalia a few times over the last twenty years. It's a fascinating and complex place. It suffers from a strange inertia in the Western mind, conjuring up clichés of the worst of Africa. Famine, civil war, Kalashnikovs, despots… We hear the word Mogadishu and immediately images from Black Hawk Down start playing in our minds. That hasn't been good for the country, and it hasn't really been fair to Somalis. Security is certainly an issue, and there are still significant threats — as this week's deadly truck bombings proved. But those threats are lessening and the capital is changing. Islamic extremist group Al Shabab has hindered this progress but the Somali army and African Union troops have pushed them back from the capital.
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
I always meet remarkable and resilient people in Mogadishu. A Somali restaurateur who has survived multiple suicide bombers and ardently refuses to go back to London, a young fashion designer bringing color and flare to Somali women. Those same women are shopping for handbags and shoes in the newly built Mall of Somalia. Somalis are socializing on a beach that a few years ago was a joyless affair policed by Al-Shabab who separated men from women. Peace-Park is a place crowded with the youth, many of the women in full make-up, the young men preening in their best outfits. Selfies are as ubiquitous here as in any other youth gathering on earth.
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
The President elected in February, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, is a U.S. citizen who spent most of his time in the U.S. advocating for the rights of minorities. Inside his office at Villa Somalia, he has a large portrait of Aden Abdulle Osman positioned directly in his line of sight. Osman was the first president of an independent Somalia, elected in 1960. President “Farmajo” — as he is nicknamed – says he likes to be able to look up and see that portrait. Osman lost his campaign for re-election by one vote and willing stepped down in one of the first true acts of African political democracy. The President sees this as an inspiration for leadership in Somalia, a country he hopes to lead to stability and increased prosperity. God willing, Somalia can finally get the break its people deserve and continue inching towards progress.
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Verbatim for TIME
Alice Gabriner, who edited this photo essay, is TIME's International Photo Editor.
Alternative for Germany leader Frauke Petry delivers a speech at the party's conference in Stuttgart. (AP Photo/Christoph Schmidt/dpa)
(CNSNews.com) – A right-wing party in Germany that made gains in recent state elections has adopted a party manifesto declaring that “Islam is not part of Germany.”
The policy embraced Sunday by thousands of members of the populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party meeting in Stuttgart also called for a ban on the Islamic public call to prayer, minarets, and the wearing of headscarves in public schools.
“Islam is not part of Germany” is a direct response to an assertion by German Chancellor Angela Merkel, voiced on various occasions including in a speech last January amid a series of anti-Islamization protests, that “Islam is part of Germany.”
The development comes as a new opinion poll finds that large pluralities of respondents in both France (47 percent) and Germany (43 percent) view Islam as a threat – an increase of five and three percent respectively since 2010.
The survey (in French), conducted by the IFOP polling company for the French daily Le Figaro, also found that 63 percent of respondents in France and 48 percent in Germany regard Islam as too visible and too influential in their societies.
Fifty-two percent of French and 49 percent of Germans respondents said they opposed the building of mosques, and opposition to the wearing of headscarves in public schools was measured at 88 percent in France and 75 percent in Germany.
(Headscarves and other religious garb have been banned in French public schools and government offices since 2004.)
Another finding in the poll: 67 percent of French and 60 percent of German respondents blamed a perceived failure by Muslims to integrate into society on a refusal to adapt to local customs and values.
France and Germany have the largest Muslim populations in the European Union – 4.8 million in Germany comprising 5.8 percent of the total population, and 4.7 million in France, or 7.5 percent of the population, according to the Pew Research Center.
Muslims at prayer (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File)
Recent months have been marked by tensions stoked by Islamic terror attacks in Paris last November and in Brussels in March, and for a longer period by the European-wide refugee and migrant crisis. A deal with Turkey, brokered by Merkel to respond to the migrant influx, has stoked fresh controversy, not least of all because of an element expected to allow Turks visa-free travel in the E.U.'s visa-free Schengen zone.
Riding on a wave of anti-migrant sentiment, the AfD in Germany has seen its popularity grow rapidly. Within three years of its founding, it now has representatives in eight of Germany's 16 state parliaments, making it essentially the country's third-largest party, after Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
It has also won representation in the European Parliament, and is eyeing seats in Germany's federal legislature in elections due in the second half of next year.
The party conference drew public protests, with left-wing demonstrators who tried to disrupt proceedings in the south-western city scuffling with police. Senior leaders of both the CDU and SPD criticized the AfD's stance, describing it backward and driven by fear.
Earlier during the weekend event, AfD co-chairman Jörg Meuthen said that while religious freedom was an essential part of German culture, the Western, Christian world view was the guiding principle, not Islam, Deutsche Welle reported. Meuthen defended the manifesto, saying it represented “healthy patriotism.”
Other elements of the adopted platform included calls for Germany to leave the eurozone, restrictions on immigration, and an expression of support for the “traditional family” model.
Aiman Mazyek, chairman of the Central Council of Muslims in Germany, said Monday the AfD program was characterized by “demagoguery and populism.”
Such an “Islamophobic” program does not solve Germany's problems, but merely divides the country, he told the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung paper.
In an interview with the public broadcaster NDR, Mazyek compared the AfD's program to Nazi policies.
Meanwhile in France, IFOP opinion department director Jérôme Fourquet was quoted as telling Le Figaro that although the Paris terror attacks contributed to the deterioration of Islam's image in that country, the trend was already underway before then.
“What we're seeing is more of a growing resistance within French society to Islam,” he said. “It was already the case among voters for the [far-right] National Front and part of the right, but it has now expanded to the Socialist Party.”
Last month French Prime Minister Manuel Valls – a Socialist – voiced support for the existing headscarf ban to be extended from public schools and government institutions to cover universities, a stance that drew strong protests, including from some members of his own party.
Apart from the headscarf ban, since 2010 it has been illegal in France, which prides itself on strong secular traditions, to wear any full face-covering clothing in public.
By Marc Levy
Monday, November 18, 2013
The residential tower promised for Kendall Square three times by developer Boston Properties – most recently in exchange for taking away 42 percent of a rooftop garden – comes before the City Council on Monday for a step that is small but crucial: the sale of a 20-foot-wide slab of sidewalk that makes possible a 200,000-square-foot apartment building.
The company has offered just over $2 million for the 8,660-square-foot portion of city-owned land on Ames Street, City Manager Richard C. Rossi said in a report to the council.
Based on two independent appraisals of the sliver of concrete, Rossi said “the amount offered is a responsive and responsible offer [that] appropriately reflects the value of the property and … is advantageous to the city.”
Without the sidewalk, there are no workable designs for the 250-foot, 240-apartment tower, Boston Properties officials have said.
In addition to looking at a sale of the sidewalk land, the council – in its first meeting back after the Nov. 5 election that saw two incumbents unseated – is getting a positive report on the zoning proposed to let the tower go up. (Councillor Denise Simmons, who was reelected, said Thursday she is convalescing from a medical procedure that will keep her from attending meetings for the next few weeks.)
The Planning Board heard a request to create a tiny Ames Street District on Tuesday and approved the custom zoning for height and size. “It is important to note that adoption of the proposed rezoning would not constitute final approval of the project,” board chairman Hugh Russell said. The developer still needs a special permit to build, and “the urban design and transportation characteristics of the project will be reviewed in greater detail at that stage.”
The part of the zoning setting the project's affordable-housing component will also be decided later, Russell said. At the moment there are 31 affordable apartments planned for a building the developer says will have a mix of micro-unit, studio, one-bedroom and two-bedroom rentals. That's just below 13 percent of the number of apartments, although the city's “inclusionary housing” rules aim generally for 15 percent, or 36 units in this case.
The site would also have 9,000 square feet of ground-floor retail – residents and the developer say a pharmacy is a likely use – and the proposed zoning for the building raises the cap on fast-food businesses. Russell said the Planning Board supported the move:
The proposed zoning approach of raising the cap on fast order food establishments, instead of eliminating the cap entirely, is a reasonable approach in this case because it would continue to protect against over-proliferation and would retain the special permit review process to ensure that impacts on the character of the area would be mitigated. A more comprehensive approach to resolving issues around fast order food zoning would require more discussion and may better be approached from a citywide perspective.
A Kendall Square startup called CoUrbanize, which creates websites to serve as meeting spaces for community projects or big developments, has a website here with project information and a community forum on which Boston Properties officials sometimes answer questions or explain policy.
The council meets at 5:30 p.m. Monday at City Hall, 795 Massachusetts Ave., Central Square.
Some benefits of self-driving cars are easy to imagine: Without the ability to get distracted, angry, drunk, or sleepy, they'll make fewer mistakes than human drivers and save lives. Once we let go of the wheel, we can use our time in the car to do other things, like catch up on work or hone your Snapchat game.
There's another, less obvious upside to giving up control: A drop in congestion.
In an attempt to explain that to the ignorant, Peter Cardwell-Gardner and Mark Backler created Error-Prone, a simple, somewhat goofy game that gives players control of 26 cars driving in a circle, each marked with a different letter. Without human intervention, the cars drive at the same speed, with the same distance between each, and all is well. You can take over any car by pressing the corresponding key, and then assume responsibility for driving at the correct speed, without rear-ending the car in front of you, or slowing down those behind.
It's a spin on the "shockwave" traffic jam experiment conducted in Japan in 2008, which showed how slowing down one car in a line can ripple out, making each car behind it slow down too, and creating congestion.
Peter Cardwell-Gardner and Mark Backler
"When you press a letter on the keyboard you assume control," the game's description says. "And almost immediately you will see the effects your erratic human driving causing grid lock or even accidents."
It's silly, fun, and somewhat addictive, and it comes with a lesson: You stink at driving, and the sooner you give it up, the better.
This is a limited analogy. It applies only to highway driving, where you don't have intersections or variables like cyclists and pedestrians. But that's where autonomous driving will happen first, and where you're likely to see improvements in traffic.
"A lot of freeway congestion today isn't necessarily caused by an accident, it's just caused by too many cars on the road, and you get a lot of bunching," says Paul Lewis, director of policy and finance at the Eno Center for Transportation. "Somebody slams on the brake too hard, and it creates a wave of traffic that ripples throughout the system."
Autonomous cars won't brake when it's not necessary, and they'll only slow down as much as needed, which would help smooth out traffic flow.
Error-Prone also gives you an idea of how close together autonomous cars could drive, since their reaction times will be far faster than those of humans. That lets you increase road capacity.
There's a downside to packing cars more closely together, though, Lewis says. Yes, you can fit more vehicles on a highway, but that doesn't help you when it's time to move them onto side streets—where they'll make traffic worse instead of better.
There's a lack of good research, Lewis says, on how autonomous vehicles would impact our traffic systems. But it's good to know that in at least some circumstances, things will get better—and you can spend your time on the highway playing Error-Prone, wondering why we ever decided to drive ourselves to begin with.
“The concept of “liking” things is very old, likely older than the words we use to describe it…” — Facebook Engineer Andrew Bosworth
We can't get enough of Quora these days, basically because it connects people who have information to people who need it, and especially to those that didn't think they needed it. One of the things you thought you didn't need to know? That the Facebook “Like” button started out its life as the “Awesome” button.
In an epic Quora thread, Facebook Engineer Andrew Bosworth delineates the history of the “Awesome”/”Like” button, what eventually turned out to be a way to connect Facebook users with the entire Internet — with the added bonus of rerouting all activity through the Facebook platform.
Other than the whole “Awesome” thing, which Mark Zuckerberg ended up vetoing in favor of the more bland “Like,” other ideas that got tossed aside in the design process were stars and a plus/minus sign.
Attempting to dispell the commentary that Facebook copied Friendfeed's “Like” feature, Bosworth's timeline pinpoints the word “Like” being proposed internally to a less than enthusiastic response on on August 22, 2007, in contrast with the Friendfeed's official launch of their “Like” button on October 30, 2007.
According to the timeline, Facebook was ready to to launch the button by November 12th but Zuckerberg put a kibosh on the plan:
“Final review with Zuck surprisingly doesn't go well. Concerns about the whether the interaction is public or private, cannibalizing from the share feature, and potential conflict with Beacon. Feature development as originally envisioned basically stops.“
So Friendfeed gets its out first, and it takes Facebook another two years to push its universal “I enjoy this” button out the door launching it on their own platform in February 2008 and then expanding it to all websites in April 2010. Bosworth adds regarding the Friendfeed button launch, tongue in cheek, “As far as I can tell from my email archives, nobody at FB noticed. =/.”
Going by Bosworth's retelling, it seems like Facebook came up with the concept first but never actually went through with an “Awesome” button, until after Friendfeed launched theirs as the “Like” button. While Facebook engineer Tom Winah states, “the launch of Like on FriendFeed wasn't on our radar at all, “ in some sense Friendfeed basically did Facebook's “Like” button quality assurance for two years.
And despite initial lukewarm “Like” response, Facebook ended up going with the same name; “We were all stubbornly insistent that no word could be more awesome than “Awesome” and Zuck was the main person to recognize it wasn't a good choice,” confirms Facebook engineer Tom Whitnah.
To everyone involved's credit, people have been both liking and thinking things were awesome since the origin of the species.
Prenatal exposure to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, especially during the first trimester, is associated with a modest increase the risk of developing an autism spectrum disorder, according to a report published Online First in the Archives of General Psychiatry, one of the JAMA/Archives journals.
"The prevalence of autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) has increased over recent years," the authors write as background information in the article. "Use of antidepressant medications during pregnancy also shows a secular increase in recent decades, prompting concerns that prenatal exposure may contribute to increased risk of ASD."
To evaluate if prenatal exposure to antidepressants, including selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), is associated with an increase in ASD, Lisa A. Croen, Ph.D., of Kaiser Permanente Northern California, Oakland, and colleagues examined medical records for children drawn from the Childhood Autism Perinatal Study conducted by Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program in Northern California. The authors included 298 children with ASD (case group) and their mothers, and 1,507 control children and their mothers in the study.
Twenty mothers of children in the case group (6.7 percent) and 50 mothers of children in the control group (3.3 percent) had at least one prescription for an antidepressant in the year prior to the birth of the study child. Of the 20 case mothers who were prescribed antidepressants, 13 (65 percent) were prescribed SSRIs only, two (10 percent) were prescribed an SSRI in combination with another antidepressant and five (25 percent) were prescribed one or more non-SSRI antidepressants only. Of the 50 control mothers who were prescribed an antidepressant, 25 (50 percent) were prescribed SSRIs only, nine (18 percent) were prescribed an SSRI in combination with another antidepressant and 16 (32 percent) were prescribed one or more non-SSRI antidepressants only.
After adjusting for maternal and birth factors, mothers of children with ASD were twice as likely to have at least one antidepressant prescription in the year prior to delivery. When compared with women with no antidepressant prescription during the study period, those with a prescription for a SSRI were more than twice as likely to have a child later diagnosed with ASD. This association was not seen for the small group of women who were prescribed a non-SSRI antidepressant only.
Additionally, after adjustment for a history of depression during the year prior to delivery, SSRI exposure during the first trimester remained significantly associated with risk of ASD, as was a history of SSRI exposure at any point during the year prior to delivery. Conversely, no association was seen between risk of ASD and the indication for treatment (mother having a history of depression or any mental health disorder) for the year prior to delivery.
"Although the number of children exposed prenatally to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in this population was low, results suggest that exposure, especially during the first trimester, may modestly increase the risk of ASD," the authors conclude. "We recommend that our findings be considered as preliminary and treated with caution, pending results from further studies designed to address the very complex question of whether prenatal exposure to SSRIs may be etiologically linked to later diagnoses of ASDs in offspring."
Item Artist Medium Category
00311
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 1 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00311_2
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 2 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00311_3
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 3 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00311_4
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 4 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00311_5
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 5 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00311_6
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 6 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00311_7
Complete original 7-page story art for Weird Science #16, "A Trip to a Star" page 7 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1950). (see 00311 through 00311_7 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 1 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952). (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pa...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_2
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 2 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952). (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pa...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_3
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 3 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952). (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pa...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_4
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 4 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952). (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pa...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_5
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 5 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952). (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pa...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_6
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 6 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952). (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pa...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_7
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 7 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952) (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pag...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00312_8
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #16, "Down to Earth" page 8 (EC, Nov.-Dec. 1952) (see 00312 through 00312_8 to view the other pag...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 1 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_2
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 2 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_3
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 3 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_4
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 4 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_5
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 5 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_6
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 6 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_7
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 7 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
00320_8
Complete original 8-page story art for Weird Science #13, "A Weighty Decision" page 8 (EC, May-June 1952) (see 00320 through 00320_8 to view the other...
Wood, Wally complete story Comic Art
He's making $5 million this season for the Miami Heat and he could be the third string center. What role does Chris Andersen still have with the Heat this season? That's a question that needs to be answered. Because $5 million as a third string center is the reason that the Birdman has been in trade talks.
But, is that where he belongs? At 37 years old, Chris Andersen is well past his prime, and is only good in small spurts. Right now, he's being paid for time served, not what he will bring to the table, and the Heat made good on that as he was paid significantly less during his time while LeBron ran the show.
Now, the Heat have signed Amaré Stoudemire, who is more than capable of playing some time at center, although he prefers PF. The only issue with that is the Heat don't have any time to offer at PF with a depth chart of Chris Bosh, Josh McRoberts and even Udonis Haslem. Stoudemire, if he's going to play, is going to play center.
Hassan Whiteside has emerged as the clear starter for the Heat in the middle for this season. As longs as he doesn't have too many mental lapses or injuries, he's going to stay there. So between Stoudemire and Andersen, where does the time go?
If we are looking at strictly center rotation, which likely won't be the case as Bosh will play some time there, we can expect Whiteside to play about 30 minutes. That seems like not a lot, but considering foul issues and the fatigue of a guy that big, that's going to be 30-33 minutes most nights. That leaves 15-18 minutes per game to be filled behind Whiteside.
Again, some of those minutes will be likely filled be Bosh when the Heat play McRoberts alongside of him. So whatever is left for a back-up seems like it's only going to be left for one back-up, not two. And indications are that it will be Amaré Stoudemire, and not Chris Andersen.
Last year, Andersen averaged 18.9 MPG in 60 games as the primary back-up. He even started 20 games last year. But things have changed. And the hard thing to accept is that I think Bird still has a lot to offer. In 15 minutes, he could be a great addition to any team with the way he attacks the glass.
Chris Andersen is now going to be on the outside looking in for playing time. -HHH
So the question is: Is that right? Is Stoudemire the better option for the Heat behind Whiteside instead of Andersen? I think the answer is yes. Chris Andersen, although we love him, is now going to be on the outside looking in for playing time. He's slower and his offensive capabilities are nowhere near those of even a diminished Stoudemire. This isn't a closed case. There will certainly be times where Bird is going to be more valuable against an opponent that Stoudemire, but it won't be often.
This leaves us with a dilemma. Having Andersen on the bench as depth would be great in most scenarios. But as Micky Arison looks at the roster, is it worth $5 million plus the luxury and taxes? Probably not. That's why you should probably prepare yourself that unless the Heat make some other type of unforeseen move, Andersen is probably going to be traded before the deadline. I don't know what they will get in return, if anything, but it seems like the likely scenario with how the roster is shaping up.
So where does Bird fit into the Miami Heat rotation? Mostly as a third-string center behind Hassan Whiteside and Amaré Stoudmire. In some scenarios, I can see Andersen playing before Stoudemire, but not many. The way this changes is when/if Stoudemire decides rebounding and ball movement are not something for him, which could easily happen.
This is all subject to change, but right now, Chris Andersen won't be racking up the frequent flyer miles as Birdman.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Researchers have made a bizarre discovery - a perfume that smells better the more you sweat.
Scientists from Queen's University in Belfast created a liquid that releases more of its fragrance when it comes into contact with moisture.
This means you could could start to smell fantastic the longer you toil throughout the day.
The perfume was designed by Queen's Ionic Liquid Laboratories (QUILL) - composed of a raw fragrance that scientists "tagged" on to an odourless ionic liquid - salt in the form of liquid.
The resultant "perfumed ionic liquid" emits aroma when it comes into contact with water, allowing more of the perfume's scent to be released on to a person's skin.
The scientists say the perfume also has the ability to remove the bad odours that come from sweat, as compounds responsible for the smell are attracted to the ionic liquid, attaching themselves to it and losing their potency.
(Image: Tom Ford)
The university believes the breakthrough could have major commercial possibilities, potentially providing a new way to develop products for the huge personal care market.
QUILL researchers are working with a perfume development company to identify a number of product ideas that could eventually be sold in shops.
Project leader Nimal Gunaratne, from the QUILL research centre, said: "This is an exciting breakthrough that uses newly-discovered ionic liquid systems to release material in a controlled manner.
"Not only does it have great commercial potential, and could be used in perfumes and cosmetic creams, but it could also be used in other area of science, such as the slow release of certain substances of interest.
"This innovative development demonstrates the drive of researchers at Queen's advancing knowledge and achieving excellence for the benefit of society as a whole."
The research was carried out by Dr Gunaratne, Professor Ken Seddon and Dr Peter Nockemann.
Not a good place for poor people, because the suburbs are greatly lacking in the kind of aid programs you can still find in most cities, and they're usually very sporadically served by public transit, making car ownership more of a necessity than it would be in a city:
Bucking longstanding patterns in the United States, more poor people now live in the nation's suburbs than in urban areas, according to a new analysis.
As poverty mounted throughout the nation over the past decade, the number of poor people living in suburbs surged 67% between 2000 and 2011 — a much bigger jump than in cities, researchers for the Brookings Institution said in a book published today. Suburbs still have a smaller percentage of their population living in poverty than cities do, but the sheer number of poor people scattered in the suburbs has jumped beyond that of cities.
Authors Elizabeth Kneebone and Alan Berube cited a long list of reasons for the shift.
More poor people moved to the suburbs, pulled by more affordable homes or pushed by urban gentrification, the authors said. Some used the increased mobility of housing vouchers, which used to be restricted by area, to seek better schools and safer neighborhoods in suburbia. Still others, including immigrants, followed jobs as the booming suburbs demanded more workers, many for low-paying, service-sector jobs.
Change also came from within. More people in the suburbs slipped into poverty as manufacturing jobs disappeared, the authors found. The housing boom and bust also walloped many homeowners on the outer ridges of metropolitan areas, hitting pocketbooks hard. On top of that, the booming numbers of poor people in the suburbs were driven, in part, by the exploding growth of the suburbs themselves.
The shift caught many communities by surprise, the authors found, with public and private agencies unprepared to meet the need in suburban areas.
"The myth of suburban prosperity has been a stubborn one," said Christopher Niedt, who as academic director of the National Center for Suburban Studies at Hofstra Universityis familiar with the trend Brookings described. Even as suburban poverty emerged, "many poorer communities were so segregated from the wealthy in suburbs that many people were able to ignore it."
A homeowner opened fire on a burglary suspect in a North Side neighborhood Tuesday morning.
Police say a man broke into a home on the 400 block of Millwood around 9:35 a.m. Tuesday. Police say the suspect got into the garage of the home and then entered the kitchen. A woman inside heard a noise in the garage and grabbed her .357 handgun. A police report states the woman and the man then spotted one another, and the suspect ran out of the house. Investigators say the woman followed the suspect to see where he was going and fired one round in his direction "out of fear that he may return."
The woman told police the man fled on foot across the street, but then turned, ran back to her house, jumped the fence, and then ran west towards Mertz Drive. Police searched the neighborhood but were unable to find the man.
The shot fired by the woman damaged a side window at her neighbor's house. Police said it's unknown if the suspect was grazed by the bullet, but no blood was found at the scene.
If you have any information concerning this break-in, please immediately contact CRIME STOPPERS at 210-224-STOP (7867).
If you listened to Jacob's interview with Doug Fine --and, if you haven't yet, what are you waiting for?--then you'll already be familiar with the premise of his book, Farewell, My Subaru: An Epic Adventure in Local Living : World-weary journalist decides to live sustainably, settles down in a New Mexican ranch with two goats and a dog, and all hell breaks loose (just kidding). Now keep in mind that Fine isn't exactly Mr. Green--as he readily admits, he's never grown so much as a single tree or, for that matter, used any farming or ranching utensils (as you soon come to learn). And, in the end, that's perhaps what makes his story so appealing--and, more importantly, believable: After all, if a guy like this can milk his own goats and grow his own peas, shouldn't we all?
Fine's rollicking narrative takes the reader from his very first encounter with the Funky Butte Ranch to his first successful effort to plant his own crops--with all his short-lived triumphs, mishaps and discoveries in between. Whether you're learning the finer points of assembling rooftop solar panels or scratching your head in disbelief over the Kung Pao "smokescreen" (what's a ROAT anyway?), Fine's easy-going writing style and humor will keep you engaged through the end.
The author inserts helpful little eco-friendly messages--dealing with everything from corn ethanol to the benefits of organic produce--and recipes throughout the book, many of which one imagines he cobbled together during his own research living on the ranch. For the liberally-inclined, he peppers his chapters with many thinly veiled political comments about our energy policy and the current administration. Though the political subtext is clear, the gibes never seem forced or too excessive; and, to be fair, he also supplements those with a healthy dose of pop culture references.
By the end of Farewell, My Subaru, it's clear Fine has accomplished his goal: proving that, yes, it is possible to live sustainably--while still enjoying many of life's comforts, including Netflix, Wi-Fi access and a car. And while he doesn't sugar-coat the process, he does make it clear that, with the right intent and dedication, it can be relatively painless to live locally and off-the-grid.
Fine's own experience is, if anything, a vote of confidence in favor of sustainable living: Having completed his one-year "experiment," he decided to soldier on and remains, to this day, a faithful resident of the Funky Butte Ranch. He puts it best here:
Living local and green was not an all-or-nothing proposition. Each day I had another chance to make good choices, to move toward a healthy, independent, sustainable life. My first year's effort was just an initial step. I was going to stay with it. Whether the green fad faded or gas got cheap again. And not just for planetary reasons, but for personal ones . . . Rather because it made life infinitely more joyful. Because it gave that crucial concept of home its depth. It gave me something manageable that I tangibly wanted to nurture into future generations. And I thought that's the greatest good I could do.
See also: ::Dispatches from Butte Ranch: Doug Fine's Bold Experiment in Sustainable Living, ::The TH Interview: Doug Fine--Kiss Your Subaru Goodbye (Part One)
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Newswise — SPOKANE, Wash. – Less than a month after the Gonzaga basketball team's historic season ended within a hairsbreadth of capturing the national championship in a loss to North Carolina, Gonzaga honors math student Hannah Tolson edged Kerry Scott, a Tarheel, to win the national championship in rock climbing.
Tolson, a rising junior from Scottsdale, Arizona, brought her shiny gold medal back to campus after winning the national championship in women's sport rock climbing at the USA Climbing Collegiate Nationals in San Diego last weekend. Tolson, who represented the Zags as a team of one, knows Scott well.
“I have actually been competing against her for many years, so I know what a talented climber she is,” Tolson said. “Going into nationals, I knew that she would be pretty stiff competition, so I couldn't help but hope for a Gonzaga/Tarheels rematch to go in our favor this time.”
Tolson recently formed a competitive club at Gonzaga to pursue her passion, share it with other students, and compete at the event. As rock climbing is not an NCAA sport, the competition was hosted by USA Climbing, the national governing body for the sport of competition climbing.
“It has always been my dream to win a National Championship, and doing so in a Gonzaga jersey was icing on the cake,” said Tolson, a top scholar who is on track to attend medical school.
Because the Gonzaga climbing club is so new, Tolson paid all of her expenses to compete.
“Comically, the day before I left for this competition, I went and bought my ‘jersey' at the Zag Shop,” she said. “I was proud to be able to represent Gonzaga on a national stage. Go Zags!”
Tolson, who has competed in climbing for more than seven years, beat students from colleges and universities across the country at the event that she estimates drew some 500 male and female competitors.
Her goal in climbing “is to continue upward – pun intended,” she quipped.
“Climbing is just part of who I am. It is my passion, my escape – it keeps me grounded. I would love to grow Gonzaga's very new climbing club. Attending nationals where schools brought 30-plus kids has made me determined to bring my world of competitive climbing to Gonzaga on a larger scale,” she said.
Climbers will compete for the first time for gold in the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
“Of course, that is on my radar,” she said. “In the short term, though, I am perfectly content to share, grow, and celebrate a sport that I love so dearly. Plus, I usually have my hands full with schoolwork.”
Once again, a Hindu priest belonging to Gaudiya Vaishnava sect has been hacked to death at a temple in Bangladesh, police and senior administrative officials said.
Hindu Existence Shyamanonda Das, 45, was killed on Friday within his temple named Shri Shri Radhamadan Gopal Moth at Kasthasagora village in the Jhinaidah district, 300km south west of the capital, Dhaka.
“When he was preparing morning prayers with flowers at the temple early in the morning, three young people came by on a motorbike, killed him with machetes and fled away,” Mahbubur Rahman, the head of the local administration, said.
“To make sure he died, they rained multiple blows on his head and neck with sharp weapons”, a witness said. The witness told police that the faces of the killers were covered with ‘gamchha' (a local variant of towel). One of them was carrying a long-bladed machete.
The very Jihadi style of hacking resembles with other brutal killings of so many writers, publishers, free-thinkers, social activists, Hind-Buddhist-Christian priests, atheists, foreigners, professor, nurse and even commoners by Bangladeshi Islamists since past few years. In most of the cases IS sympathizers Islamist organisations or IS directly took the responsibility of these killings. Using ‘machetes' for targeted killing is a popular trend among Bangladesh Jihadis.
Medical examiner: Father Virgilio Elizondo committed suicide Elizondo has denied accusations made in a 2015 lawsuit of sexually abusing a boy decades ago.
This house at 2027 W. French is where an alleged shooting call came from on March 15, 2016. Renowned theologian Virgil Elizondo died Monday and may have lived at this house. A lawsuit was filed in Bexar County last May accusing him of sexually abusing an unidentified boy more than 30 years ago. Elizondo denied the allegation an vowed to prove his innocence. less This house at 2027 W. French is where an alleged shooting call came from on March 15, 2016. Renowned theologian Virgil Elizondo died Monday and may have lived at this house. A lawsuit was filed in Bexar County ... more Photo: John Davenport, San Antonio Express-News Photo: John Davenport, San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close Medical examiners: Father Virgilio Elizondo committed suicide 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO — The Bexar County Medical Examiner determined Tuesday that Father Virgilio Elizondo committed suicide Monday afternoon.
Though details on the circumstances of the priest's final moments are still unclear, the medical examiner released Elizondo's official cause of death as a gunshot wound to the head and his manner of death as suicide shortly before 2 p.m.
According to the San Antonio Police Department, officers responded to a call for a shooting at Elizondo's West Side home fewer than 10 minutes before his official time of death on Monday, according to the law enforcement and county records.
According to SAPD, officers responded to the call at 1:55 p.m. at 2027 W. French Place, a home owned by Elizondo, Bexar County Appraisal District records show. On Tuesday, the Medical Examiner confirmed to mySA.com that Elizondo was pronounced dead five minutes after officers arrived.
SEE MORE: Father Virgilio Elizondo, former rector of San Fernando, has died
SAPD has yet to release a report or any details on the circumstances of Elizondo's death.
Elizondo, 80, had been living under a cloud of suspicion after a lawsuit filed in Bexar County last year accused him of sexually abusing an unidentified boy more than 30 years ago — a charge he vehemently denied.
On Tuesday, Thomas J. Henry, who is representing the plaintiff in the lawsuit filed against Elizondo and another priest, called the priest's death "unfortunate."
"The next stage in this litigation was discovery production and the taking of depositions," Henry said. "The taking of Father Elizondo's deposition could have led us to the truth regarding his actions, and his untimely death at this juncture raises even more questions. We will continue to seek and uncover the facts of this matter."
RELATED: Two San Antonio priests accused of sexual assault of child in lawsuit
A highly respected scholar and author, Elizondo founded the Mexican American Cultural Center, now the Mexican American Catholic College, a research and training center for pastoral leaders who come from all over the United States and Latin America to study. The college's library is named for him.
SEE ALSO: Ex-priest says he's not guilty in death of McAllen teacher
According to several online biographies, Elizondo was the recipient of numerous awards, including the John Courtney Murray Award for outstanding theological contributions from the Catholic Theological Society of America, the Johannes Quasten Award for excellence and leadership in theological development from the Catholic University of America, the Humanitarian Award of the National Conference of Christians and Jews and the Laetare Medal from the University of Notre Dame, which is considered one of the most prestigious awards for U.S. Catholics.
Staff Writer Elaine Ayala contributed to this report.
mdwilson@express-news.net
Twitter: @MDWilsonSA
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We end today's show with part two of our conversation with the chief spokesperson for CIGNA, before that, for Humana, who spoke with us yesterday on Democracy Now! His name is Wendell Potter. In part two, he continues his conversation about the insurance industry's targeting of the Academy Award-winning filmmaker Michael Moore when he announced he would be making a documentary about the American healthcare system, the film, of course, called Sicko. One of the key figures behind the campaign to discredit him was Wendell Potter. He talks about the policy on the part of all the insurance companies in dealing with Michael Moore.
WENDELL POTTER: We were very scared. And we knew that we would have to develop a very sophisticated and expensive campaign to turn people away from the idea of universal care. We were afraid that this might really galvanize public opinion. We were told by our pollsters, in a meeting that was held just days after the premier of the movie, that for the first time ever since they had been polling, that people were —- a majority of people were in favor of much greater government involvement in our healthcare system. So that -—
AMY GOODMAN: Who were your pollsters?
WENDELL POTTER: McInturff, Public Opinion Strategies, Bill McInturff, who's a well-known Republican strategist and who went on to be John McCain's chief pollster. He's been a pollster for the insurance industry for probably two decades. And he had been tracking public opinion for all these years. And this really scared the insurers, the executives. We were all concerned about that, because we felt that this movie would be — have such an impact that it would really pave the way for legislation to be passed that could be very detrimental to the insurance industry. So it was very important for the insurers to attack this movie as fiercely as possible.
AMY GOODMAN: And so, what was the grassroots strategy, if you had one, as the movie came out in the United States?
WENDELL POTTER: Well, one key component was to fund a front group, and that is something that I write about quite a bit in the book, about how special interests, and the insurance industry, in particular, will use premium dollars to funnel thousands and thousands, if not millions, of dollars to big PR firms to set up fake grassroots organizations — astroturf, as we call it — and front groups. And in this case, there was a front group that was set up called Health Care America, and the sole purpose for it to be set up was to attack Michael Moore and to attack the notion of a single-payer system in this country.
AMY GOODMAN: And who were the people who populated Health Care America?
WENDELL POTTER: There were just a couple of people. There was a woman. I think her name was —- I can't remember her name. Sarah Berk, I think, was her name. But the media contact for it was a guy named Bill Pierce, who I had known and worked with in the past. He used to be a PR guy for Blue Cross/Blue Shield Association. At that time, he was in the public relations firm APCO Worldwide. He was listed as a media contact, and if you called his number, you would have reached him at his desk at APCO Worldwide. It didn't have any substance. It was just a -—
AMY GOODMAN: What is APCO Worldwide?
WENDELL POTTER: It is a very, very big PR firm that was started several years ago by a big Washington law firm, Arnold & Porter. The A and P is Arnold & Porter, and they were defending —
AMY GOODMAN: APCO.
WENDELL POTTER: Yeah, and they were defending tobacco companies. So they felt that they needed to have help in the court of public opinion, as well as in the courtroom.
AMY GOODMAN: And what did Health Care America — who did they say they were?
WENDELL POTTER: They said they were representing consumers. And —
AMY GOODMAN: Did anyone expose this at the time?
WENDELL POTTER: No. No one did.
AMY GOODMAN: Did anyone have them on to counter what Michael Moore had to say on television, radio or quote them in the newspaper?
WENDELL POTTER: No. In fact — and I've done a search recently just to find out how they were covered, and they were never exposed.
AMY GOODMAN: But were they quoted?
WENDELL POTTER: Oh, absolutely. They were quoted extensively. They sent out press releases. And they were given status as a legitimate organization, even by the New York Times.
AMY GOODMAN: In what article?
WENDELL POTTER: There was an article that the New York Times wrote as a kind of review of Sicko, not really a review but just a story about the movie actually premiering in the U.S. in June of 2007. And the New York Times story quoted the Health Care America spokesman as saying that this represented a move toward socialism. And there was not an — apparently not an attempt on the part of the reporter, or any reporter that I saw, to disclose the fact that this was funded largely by the insurance industry.
AMY GOODMAN: Let's go to another clip of Sicko, of Michael Moore's film, that they also feared, that they sent one lucky staff member, employee from CIGNA, to the Riviera to watch the film festival where Michael Moore got a standing ovation for 15 minutes, and then have a corporate conference call to report back on what they saw. This is Sicko. MICHAEL MOORE: This guy broke his ankle. How much will this cost him? He'll have some huge bill when he's done, right? NHS HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATIVE WORKER: Here, no. Just everything is free. MICHAEL MOORE: I'm asking about hospital charges, and you're laughing. Even with insurance, there's bound to be a bill somewhere. What did they charge you for that baby? NEW FATHER: No, no, no. Everything was on NHS. NEW MOTHER: This is NHS. NEW FATHER: It's not America. MICHAEL MOORE: So this is where people come to pay their bill when they're done staying in the hospital. NHS CASHIER: No, this is the NHS hospital, so you don't pay that bill. MICHAEL MOORE: Why does it say “cashier” here if people don't have to pay a bill? NHS HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATIVE WORKER: …place, you have — it just means get the traffic expenses reimbursed. MICHAEL MOORE: So in British hospitals, instead of money going into the cashier's window, money comes out. [from Democracy Now!, mooreon”>6/18/07] MICHAEL MOORE: Yeah, they look at me like I'm from Mars when I'm asking the Brits, you know, how much they paid for this, that or whatever. AMY GOODMAN: We're talking to Michael Moore. Let's talk about how we arrived at the system we did in this country. MICHAEL MOORE: Well, you know, my grandfather was a country doctor, actually. He was from Canada. He went to medical school in the late 1800s, which was a year then. You know, it's pretty much what they knew back then. They could teach it in a year. And so, the little village where, you know, I was raised, because my mom was from there, too, because he was there, you know, he was paid with eggs and milk and chickens and things like that. He didn't do it to make any big money. They didn't make big money then. They were comfortable — the local doctor — but they weren't the rich man in the community. We got away from the concept of treating people because it was the right thing to do. The nuns ran the hospital that I was born in. The nuns weren't doing this to turn profit and invest in Wall Street. You know, I mean, they did it because they thought that was their duty to serve God and to serve mankind by opening hospitals and delivering babies. We're a long ways from that now. Somewhere we let profit and greed enter into this. And in the film, I peg a certain date when the HMOs really got their start. And I got very lucky. I had a 23-year-old researcher in my office who worked on the film, who was actually someone I believe that was recommended by Jeremy Scahill, so there's a Democracy Now! connection to this moment in the movie. But he found this Watergate tape — has nothing to do with Watergate, it's one of the Nixon tapes — at the Archives, National Archives, where Nixon and Ehrlichman are discussing whether or not to support this HMO concept. And Ehrlichman says to Nixon, “You're going to love this, because this is private enterprise. This isn't like some freebie thing.” Nixon goes, “Oh, I like that. Tell me about it.” And then Ehrlichman says, “Well, this is how it's going to work, these HMOs. They're going to make more money by providing less care. The less care they give them, the patients, the more money the company makes.” Nixon goes, “Ooh, not bad!” And it's all there on tape.
AMY GOODMAN: Wendell, you were laughing as Michael's describing the Ehrlichman tape, the Nixon-Ehrlichman-Haldeman. You know this tape.
WENDELL POTTER: I do know that tape, and it was, I think, a great find —
AMY GOODMAN: Did anyone ever tell you you look a little like John Haldeman?
WENDELL POTTER: Thank you, maybe. I don't know. But it was important for that conversation — important was really — that conversation was very important because, at that time, Ted Kennedy was trying to get legislation enacted that would have been a Medicare-for-all system, in which we would have had a single-payer system in this country. So Nixon was desperate to find some private enterprise solution that could be used a counter to what Ted Kennedy was trying to do at that time. It's very important.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to go back to Health Care America. This is really important, what you've just been describing, this astroturf organization that's quoted by the New York Times and other publications and media as a consumer healthcare group, that isn't, that's sitting in APCO, made by Arnold & Porter, who represented the tobacco companies. And they're there to kill any idea of public option or anything like that. What other organizations are there? And how successful did you think you were in dealing with Sicko? Did you think you contained the message?
WENDELL POTTER: There's no doubt we felt we were successful in blunting the impact of the movie. We were concerned that the movie would be as successful as Fahrenheit 9/11 had been. And we knew that if it were, it really would change public opinion about our healthcare system in ways that would be harmful to the profits of health insurers. So, it was very important for this campaign to succeed. At one point during a strategy meeting, one of the people from APCO said that if our efforts, our initial efforts, were not successful, then we'd have to move to an element of the campaign to push Michael Moore off a cliff. And not meaning to do that literally, but to —
AMY GOODMAN: Are you sure?
WENDELL POTTER: Well, I'm not sure. To tell you the truth, when I started doing what I'm doing, I was concerned about my own health and well-being, maybe just from paranoia. But these companies play to win.
AMY GOODMAN: Wendell Potter was the chief spokesperson for the insurance giant CIGNA when Michael Moore's film Sicko came out. Now Wendell Potter is a chief whistleblower. His books are called Deadly Spin.
PETALING JAYA: Lawyers for Liberty (LFL) wants the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) to explain its order for Lowyat.net to remove its report on an alleged breach of personal data involving millions of people.
Calling such behaviour undemocratic, LFL added that it was a grave abuse of power and against the “no-Internet-censorship” policy protected in both the Communications and Multimedia Act 1998 and MSC Malaysia's Bill of Guarantees.
“Instead of shooting the messenger, MCMC should be more alarmed at the contents of the report which should be MCMC's primary concern, ie. the personal data security of the communications and multimedia industries and the prevention of online fraud.
“If the report was untrue or inaccurate, then the burden is on Lowyat.net to rectify or remove the report altogether if it cannot be salvaged.
“However, if the report can be substantiated, then it would be wholly irresponsible and shocking for MCMC to order for its removal as this would clearly amount to censorship of internet content and a desperate attempt to stem the flow of critical news and information,” LFL executive director Eric Paulsen said in a statement today.
The report, titled “Personal data of millions of Malaysians up for sale, sources of breach still unknown”, was published yesterday.
However, the portal removed the story within hours following MCMC's request.
Paulsen said MCMC should remember that its “real work” was not to censor news that it did not like or target those who posted critical or “offensive” remarks against the authorities.
“It would be more prudent for MCMC to come to terms with the reality of the Internet and social media rather than resorting to harsh enforcement methods that are inconsistent with modern democratic demands,” he added.
He said unless MCMC could justify its action, all orders against Lowyat.net to remove the report should be immediately revoked.
East Haven police investigate after detective accidentally fires weapon Detective allegedly fired weapon while cleaning it in her home
EAST HAVEN >> Police are investigating after one of their detectives allegedly discharged her weapon by accident while in her home last week and hit a neighbor's house, according to Lt. David Emerman.
“The Department is aware of the incident and is investigating as per Department policy,” said Emerman in an email. “I can provide further information once the investigation has been completed.”
Emerman did not give further details about what the department's policy is for an officer firing his or her weapon off-duty.
According to the neighbor's account, confirmed by Emerman, Detective Shirley Conyers was in her home on Sept. 24 cleaning her firearm when it accidentally discharged, sending a bullet through the window of the neighbor's home.
No one was injured during the incident. The neighbor, who asked to not be identified, said he will not press charges.
Multiple attempts to contact Conyers were unsuccessful.
Neighbors living in surrounding houses said they were not aware of the incident and did not hear the gunshot.
According to John DeCarlo, associate professor and criminal justice researcher at University of New Haven and former Branford police chief, an accidental discharge is possible any time an officer removes the gun from its holster, which is common.
“Very often weapons are presented, usually every day at roll call, so it comes into the holster and out of the holster at least once a day and it adds to the fact that there is an accidental discharge,” said DeCarlo.
Officers are free to bring their firearms home and are taught proper gun care, DeCarlo said, including how to safely clean one, which needs to be done after every time it's fired.
The first step when cleaning a gun is to clear the firearm by making sure there is no ammunition in the chamber and the magazine are removed, DeCarlo said.
“What you would do is disassemble the gun,” he said. “After the weapon is cleared and made safe, you brush the parts and wipe it with a cloth.”
Any time a weapon goes off, DeCarlo said, accidentally or not, the officer will file a report of it and the department will do an investigation. The protocol for towns varies as departments each have their own.
“The fact is that there is no state law that governs an investigation or specific protocol for discharge,” DeCarlo said.
DeCarlo said, statistically, accidents like this are bound to happen because of the number of police officers and weapons.
“In Connecticut, we have about 9,000 police officers,” Decarlo said. “Each one of these officers carry a firearm and it is unavoidable that at times there is going to be an accidental discharge.”
In Infinitude, abstract, geometrical shapes condense into stars, which explode into supernovae, sending an asteroid careening through space towards a nascent Earth. The mixed media short film is the creation of Canadian filmmaker Scott Portingale.
Portingale shot all the visuals in camera using a variety of techniques: time-lapse, stop-motion, light painting, and high-speed photography. He used real, practical effects rather than CGI to create his eye-popping visuals. A rotating fan motor mounted with lights simulated a black hole, while cloud tanks to create those smoky, fluid effects.
Advertisement
He drew a galaxy on an illuminated piece of glass with sand, salt, and spices, and fluids to simulate nebulae. And he found inspiration in his habit of listening to science lectures while working. As Portingale told Vue Weekly:
I wanted to use visual representations of gravity, and fluid dynamics because their patterning speaks to the forces that bring form and animation our surroundings. When you look up into the night sky you see an ocean of blackness and islands of spheres of energy, light and matter. It seems that large amounts of anything will organize itself into the spherical archetype as gravity and the fabric of space pulls/pushes everything to a centre point.
Advertisement
The film debuted earlier this year as part of an immersive exhibit called “Look Up” at Ortona Armoury in Edmonton, Canada where Portingale is the artist-in-residence. Portingale wanted to replicate the stargazing experience, so visitors would enter a black box and lay back on Astroturf in the dark, gazing at the film playing on the ceiling.
You can see all the gory details of how he pulled it off at Portingale's website, including two behind-the-scenes videos. Or you can just let yourself be mesmerized by the finished product.
[Boing Boing]
Too many people are trying to make the web more usable so I thought I'd try the opposite. Below are some user interface elements I designed to confuse, badger, and infuriate users. Enjoy.
1: The Chutton
Part checkbox, part button. Ideally this will initially present itself in the “checked” state, regardless of user intent.
2: To Boggle
Functions as a regular checkbox, but activating the slider simply covers up the checkbox and label. Avoid action-oriented labels such as OK or YES, and instead use vague language and/or the past tense.
3: The Notifuckation
Displays the number of notifications alongside an active radio button. Clicking or tapping on the radio button immediately marks all the notifications as “read”.
4: The Search & Destroy
A standard text entry field, but the user must slide the search button to the left to submit the form. As the search button slides, it deletes the characters it touches.
5: The Homer
This UI element has everything; pre-populated tags that are confusingly named, 2 scroll buttons, a search field with a settings icon, and Windows controls that do nothing!
I've also made the PSD available for download. Please use irresponsibly.
AT THE World Economic Forum in Davos in January 2001, the mood was sombre. The dotcom bubble had burst spectacularly, the Nasdaq stockmarket had crashed, and the American economy was tipping into recession. Yet most continental Europeans were breezily optimistic. The long years of being lectured about their inadequacies by the Anglo-Saxons were over. Europe had wisely skipped the dotcom mania, and its new currency, the euro, was giving the continent a boost. Some Europeans even dreamed of taking over as the motor of the world economy. But it was not to be, as Europe promptly fell into a deeper recession even than America.
Seven years on, the parallels are uncanny. Continental Europe has sensibly avoided America's subprime follies, it is argued. Its banks are in better shape, average euro-area unemployment of 7.1% is the lowest in almost 20 years, the euro is resurgent and, as Joaquín Almunia, the engaging European economics commissioner, insists, there is no sign of a recession. The commission will trim its forecasts later this month, but euro-area growth is likely to stay close to 2% this year. It is true that the European Central Bank (ECB) in Frankfurt has, like America's Federal Reserve, flooded the financial system with liquidity in response to the credit crunch. But unlike the Fed, it has not so far felt the need to bring down interest rates.
Just as in 2001, however, the outlook for the euro area seems to be deteriorating a lot faster than the optimists had expected. After all, the main reason that the ECB has been reluctant to cut rates is not because growth is so robust but because inflation has picked up to 3.5%—the highest in the euro's nine-year existence. Troubles in the region's two biggest export markets—recession in America and slowdown in Britain—are starting to bite. Exports to Asia have been strong, especially from Germany, but in most countries nervous consumers remain reluctant to spend.
And two bigger worries have emerged. The first is the strength of the euro. A weaker dollar is driving an American export boom; a stronger euro is likely to have the opposite effect in Europe. Mr Almunia says the euro is “overvalued” and adds that, although the impact has been moderate so far, “we are at the limits, if not beyond them.” It is a delusion to suppose that euro-area exports can continue to barrel on regardless of their cost.
The second worry is the housing market. Europe may have avoided the American subprime mess, but in several countries house prices have been even bubblier than in America. They are already falling in Spain and Ireland, and, beyond the euro zone, are starting to do so in Britain. A property bust may not produce an American-style mortgage meltdown, but it will surely topple economies heavily dependent on construction (which accounts for 15% or more of Spanish and Irish GDP, for example).
Indeed, Mr Almunia's home country of Spain appears especially vulnerable. He maintains that Anglo-Saxon commentators are excessively pessimistic about Spain's prospects. But the signs of a sharp slowdown are clear even to the re-elected prime minister, José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, who has announced a fiscal stimulus to help Spain weather the “turbulence”. Given that Spain has in recent years accounted for a big chunk of euro-zone growth and close to half of all jobs created in the euro area, its slowdown will be widely felt. And not just in economics. It will be a lot harder to sell the EU's ambitious plans to cut CO2 emissions in a faltering economy, for instance.
The political fallout will be felt in other ways too, because of the differential performance of euro-area economies. Mr Almunia admits that France and Italy are a lot weaker than Germany; soon enough, French and Italian leaders (especially if Silvio Berlusconi wins Italy's imminent election) will squeal ever more loudly about the euro's strength, the ECB's rigid monetary policy and, quite possibly, will demand that their industries be protected from “unfair” competition. Such pressure will be resisted by the Germans, who remain comfortable with the euro's strength and always hate criticism of the ECB.
The dark face of success
Even critics of the euro would concede that it has had considerable success, establishing itself in less than a decade as a genuine rival to the dollar as a world currency. But that success disguises two failings. The first is that some countries have adapted a lot better to the discipline of the euro than others. Germany and the Netherlands have cut labour costs and introduced enough reforms to make their economies more competitive. France, Spain and especially Italy have done less—and are suffering more, from both the euro's rise and the global slowdown.
The second failing is an ironic flipside of success. To qualify for the euro in the late 1990s, countries such as Italy and Spain had to make swingeing fiscal and structural adjustments. Yet by shielding weaker countries from a currency crisis, the euro now relieves much of the pressure on them to keep up reforms. In fact, these are more essential than ever now that countries have lost the option of devaluing their currencies to regain competitiveness and offset relatively slow productivity growth. As Mr Almunia sadly concedes, it has proved impossible “to compensate for the lack of market incentives for reform through policy co-ordination and peer pressure”.
In truth, as the euro approaches its tenth birthday celebrations, it is facing the biggest test of its short life. If Europe follows America into recession, which is quite possible, the pain will be a lot greater in the Mediterranean countries than in Germany and northern Europe. Not surprisingly, the political response from the two regions will also be quite different. Even as it prepares to expand once more to take in Slovakia and later other countries from eastern Europe, the euro is about to show the world that it is not yet an optimal currency area—and the demonstration may not be a pretty one.
Poverty is not solely an economic problem
In a world characterized by an unprecedented level of economic development, technological means and financial resources, that millions of persons are living in extreme poverty is a moral outrage. Poverty is not solely an economic issue, but rather a multidimensional phenomenon that encompasses a lack of both income and the basic capabilities to live in dignity.
Persons living in poverty experience many interrelated and mutually reinforcing deprivations that prevent them from realizing their rights and perpetuate their poverty, including:
dangerous work conditions
unsafe housing
lack of nutritious food
unequal access to justice
lack of political power
limited access to health care
This year marks the 25th anniversary of the declaration by the General Assembly, in its resolution 47/196 of 22 December 1992, of 17 October as the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty. This year also marks the 30th anniversary of the Call to Action by Father Joseph Wresinski — which inspired the observance of October 17 as the World Day for Overcoming Extreme Poverty — and the recognition by the United Nations of the day as the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty.
2018 theme — Coming together with those furthest behind to build an inclusive world of universal respect for human rights and dignity
This year marks the 70th anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. It is important to recall the fundamental connection between extreme poverty and human rights, and that people living in poverty are disproportionately affected by many human rights violations. Read more about this year's theme.
This week, Iran's minister of sports and youth, Mahmoud Goudarzi, appointed Amir Reza Khadem, former wrestling world champion and member of the Tehran City Council as the ministry's special representative in the process of privatization of Tehran's most prestigious soccer clubs, Persepolis and Esteghlal. This appointment was welcomed by leading stakeholders as a positive step in resolving a lasting issue in the country's soccer scene.
Incidentally, the plan to privatize these two popular soccer clubs has been stalled since 2005. In fact, these two entities were put on the privatization list in accordance with the provisions of the fourth five-year development plan. Mohammad Khatami's government then took the first step and authorized the Iran Privatization Organization (IPO) to prepare the two clubs for privatization. However, after the change of government in 2005, the plan was put on hold indefinitely and without any clear explanation.
Since 2009, various attempts to present the clubs for privatization faced administrative and legal challenges, mainly due to the fact that they were both major loss-making entities. In fact, none of these clubs could survive without massive financial support from the government. Transparent and audited accounts and financial reports are a prerequisite for the initial price offering of any entity that is introduced into the Tehran Stock Exchange, hence making it impossible for the IPO to technically start the process of privatization. However, the fact that these two clubs were not profitable had more to do with other inner-government financial practices, especially the nonpayment of broadcasting rights to sports clubs by the Iranian Broadcasting Company.
The change of government in 2013 raised hopes that a new approach could be adopted to this matter, both in terms of sports clubs being paid a fair share of broadcasting proceeds and stadium revenues, but also with regard to privatization plans. However, during his inauguration as minister of sports and youth, Goudarzi stated on Nov. 24, “I don't believe that the problems of Persepolis and Esteghlal would be solved through privatization. We need to prepare the grounds in cultural and social terms. Our goal is to strengthen these two teams, but with a hasty privatization we may actually lose these clubs.”
While this statement irritated many stakeholders, the government produced another surprise by announcing in its documentation for the annual budget bill that both clubs are considered “profit-making.” This announcement has been in sharp contrast to the fact that both were close to being excluded from the Iranian soccer league due to enormously high debts. In the case of Persepolis, the club's debts to its players compelled the players to go on strike last week. As an angry reaction to the players' strike, Persepolis head coach, Ali Daei (himself a soccer legend and a successful businessman) criticized the ministry for failing to provide the allocated funds to the club, and also stated that he could ask “his friends” to come and buy the club and rid it from its financial troubles. This comment confirmed the suspicion that the government was impeding the privatization process.
A sudden sacking of the managing director of Persepolis, Ali Rouyanian, seems to have been in connection with the club's financial situation, which may be a result of mismanagement. Rouyanian, the former chief of the Tehran police, represented the country's military and security network that has always been interested in owning and managing leading sports clubs in the country. The new caretaker managing director, Ali Parvin — himself one of the country's soccer legends — immediately announced that the club's debts stood at more than 600 billion rials (about $25 million), i.e., fourfold the club's annual budget and much higher than the latest valuation of the club that stood at 450 billion rials in 2012.
So, if these clubs are loss-making, why are governments hesitant to privatize them?
The minister's reference to “losing these clubs” points to the important fact that the real value of these entities — and other similar clubs — is not of economic nature. Essentially, the main value of clubs such as Persepolis and Esteghlal is their social base. They can easily attract millions of Iranians in social as well as political processes. Therefore, no government has ever agreed to privatize them. Keeping them financially deprived and dependent on the government will allow the government to control the nonfinancial benefits.
There are two important aspects: On the one hand, losing control over these clubs will allow the new owners — which could be private entities or military and revolutionary foundations — to utilize their social base for economic objectives, and on the other hand, control over the vast social bases that these clubs have could potentially lead to security concerns for the regime as a whole. This concern explains why the country's security network around the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has been keen to control major soccer clubs by appointing former commanders as the managing directors of such clubs. Rouyanian's sacking and Parvin's appointment as the new managing director of Persepolis can be seen as a reversal of the process that was consolidating itself over the past few years.
At the same time, the latest pseudo-privatization of a soccer club transferred the club “Rah Ahan” to the holding company of Babak Zanjani, the Iranian businessman who is currently under investigation for corruption and embezzlement. That transfer in 2011 confirmed another suspicion, i.e., the government would only transfer the ownership of successful sports clubs to its trusted networks and not to genuinely private bidders. (Zanjani was closely affiliated with the previous administration.)
In light of all of these issues, it is interesting that the government has started a new process to prepare these clubs for privatization. Even the IPO has publicly commented on the process. IPO President Abdollah Pourhosseini recently said that the financial accounts of these clubs were incomplete and unaudited, hence the organization needed much longer to prepare the entities for privatization. However, he was hopeful that the clubs would be offered to the private sector by April 10. Also, Goudarzi's decree to Khadem instructed him to provide “transparency of accounts and full cooperation with other responsible authorities.”
This new push may be connected to the ongoing criticism and pressure by the Asian Football Confederation that insists governments have to move out of sports affairs and national soccer federations should be nongovernmental. Evidently, as long as Persepolis, Esteghlal and other major clubs such as Tractorsazi and Foulad remain governmental, soccer affairs will be dominated by the government. At the same time, these concerns will lead to hesitations in a genuine privatization process.
It remains to be seen whether President Hassan Rouhani's government will manage to liberalize the country's soccer affairs. The closed nature of the networks that have dominated this important sport have also increased the suspicion of corruption and mismanagement, which has also overshadowed the social and cultural utility of this popular sport in Iran.
The Paul Ryan-Patty Murray federal budget deal amounts to saving two days of federal spending over the next decade.
That's a sliver of a sliver, and that's assuming future Congresses follow through on today's promises. Of course, this rarely happens because no Congress can force a future Congress to do anything.
Federal spending totaled $3.5 trillion in fiscal 2013 and would rise to $3.6 trillion in 2014 (President Barack Obama wants nearly $3.8 trillion of spending), up more than 40 percent since 2002 even after adjusting for inflation. With spending of approximately $3.6 trillion, the government spends approximately $10 billion a day. The Ryan-Murray deal would let discretionary spending rise by $63 billion over the next couple of years. Over the next 10 years they'd cut it to generate a net savings of $22.5 billion.
That totals approximately two days of federal spending, 1/1,825th of federal spending over a decade at current spending rates.
The deal overwhelmingly passed the House of Representatives a few days ago, and then passed the Senate. House Speaker John Boehner and other Republican establishment leaders have lashed out at conservatives and Tea Party-types who oppose the deal:
They are not fighting for conservative policy. They are fighting to expand their lists, raise more money and grow their organizations, and they are using you to do it. It's ridiculous.
For most years since 2002, when federal spending began its 40 percent inflation-adjusted increase, the self-described “compassionate conservative” Republican George W. Bush occupied the White House, and in some of those Bush years Republicans controlled both the House and Senate. Spending under this GOP power climbed much faster than it has under Democrat Barack Obama -- though this is due in large part to resistance by the Republican-controlled House of Representatives in response to pressure from the Tea Party. In fact, spending under Bush climbed more than under any president since Lyndon Baines Johnson, who bequeathed the nation a huge escalation in the Vietnam War (we lost), Medicare (it's insolvent), and the War on Poverty (we've been losing for decades).
Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, the supposed “fiscal hawk” Republican budget negotiator, voted for the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program that Bush foisted on the nation shortly before he left office, a program that polls showed Americans overwhelmingly opposed. Ryan also supported Bush's huge Medicare expansion for prescription drugs -- the largest entitlement increase since Medicare was created in the 1960s and the first to be done without one penny of revenue designated to pay for it. Ryan supported Bush's failed economic stimulus spending. Ryan supported virtually all the Bush-era spending increases. Now, we get a promise to cut 1/1,825 of federal spending over a decade. Combine this paltry promise with the recent history of federal spending under a Republican president who, for a time, also enjoyed Republicans in charge of the House and the Senate, and who had Republicans in charge of the House for most of his term.
Some people actually believe in limiting the size and power of government. Republican leaders say they believe in it, but when was the last time they acted upon these beliefs?
The Republican base is angry that Republican establishment leaders don't act on their professed beliefs, and the leaders are angry because the base wants them to practice what they preach. Which stance is more honorable?
The plan was simple: Order a pizza, rob whoever showed up to deliver the pie.
But the caper did not go as the four men expected.
That was because Napoleon Harris III arrived with the pizza in hand. Harris is a man of many hats. Not only has he served as an Illinois state senator since 2013, he is the owner of two Beggars Pizza franchises. One of which, in Harvey, Ill., received a call just before closing time on Sept. 6.
Harris is also 6 feet 3 inches tall, and weighs 250 pounds. He was a professional linebacker for several NFL teams, including the Oakland Raiders and the Minnesota Vikings. And he would soon help authorities find suspects in a murder case.
The Tuesday night in question, the 37-year-old ex-footballer told the normal delivery person to head home, deciding to handle any late-night pies himself. A call came, the Daily Southtown reported, to the 15800 block of Paulina Avenue. What Harris did not know was that the house was vacant.
When he arrived, a man on the porch greeted him. Three more men burst forth from the surrounding hedges, according to Sean Howard, a representative for Harvey police, according to the Daily Southtown.
“They were expecting a scrawny 5-foot-9 guy, and got Harris instead,” he said.
Harris starred at Northwestern and was a first-round pick of the Oakland Raiders in 2002. He played seven seasons in the NFL, including two stints with the Vikings, wearing No. 58 from 2005-06 and No. 99 in 2008.
The narrative, to hear Howard tell it, unfolded like the recap of a superhero comic.
“They put a chokehold on the senator, but to no avail. They were really trying to choke him to death, and he was just too strong. He is out-powered all four of them,” he said, according to CBS 2. “As they were all beating on him, one guy just went out of his way and really hit him hard, and Napoleon never moved.”
Howard added, “He just looked at him like Hulk Hogan, and from that the guys knew that we better get out of here, because we can't get this guy down.”
The men stole Harris' wallet as well as the pizza, according to Howard, and fled in a Chevy Tahoe. The senator pursued in his own car, following the Tahoe to a lumberyard. Harris called the Harvey police department, which found the men's car but not the assailants.
But the police also found blood in the Chevy Tahoe. The truck was registered to a Georgia man named Lester Roy Jones. Analysis of the blood revealed it was Jones', too; the man's body was found in an abandoned house in Union City, Ga., a few days later. Georgia police ruled the death a homicide. Three men had kidnapped and killed Jones after luring him with a dating app, police said, according to local Atlanta news Project Q.
Authorities tracked down Harris' four attackers based on the descriptions the senator gave them, as well as the evidence linked to the death in Georgia. Howard told CBS 2 that two of the men had taken a Megabus from Chicago to Georgia. They were arrested on Sept. 15. Malik Mayer was charged with murder and financial transaction card fraud; a security camera caught a masked man trying to use Jones' ATM card. The other person arrested was a juvenile, reports said.
Later in September, a third man, Lawrence Hines, was arrested on charges of murder in connection with the events in Georgia and Illinois. Hines checked himself into a Georgia mental institution, and when officers caught wind the suspect was at the facility they arrested him, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
The fourth suspect in Harris's mugging fits the description of a Gary, Ind., resident, according to Harvey police spokesman Howard. Charges have not yet been filed but are planned, he said.
— Ben Guarino
Hi. We recently created AFH TV, Ambrosia For Heads' streaming video service, because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home, but we need your help to make it great. Please subscribe to AFH TV. It is only $1.99/month or $12/year, and already features some amazing content, but the best is yet to come. Thank you for all of your support.
Hi. We recently created AFH TV, Ambrosia For Heads' streaming video service, because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home, but we need your help to make it great. Please subscribe to AFH TV. It is only $1.99/month or $12/year, and already features some amazing content, but the best is yet to come. Thank you for all of your support.
Afrika Bambaataa is one of Hip-Hop's pioneers. The 58 year-old Bronx, New Yorker born Kevin Donovan is credited with co-founding the Universal Zulu Nation in 1973. In the 43 years since, Afrika Bambaataa has made hit Hip-Hop records such as 1982's “Planet Rock” (with the Soulsonic Force), he has spoken at numerous education institutions, and performed as a DJ across the globe in an effort to promote his Hip-Hop tenants: “peace, unity, love, and having fun.” In the last year, Hip-Hop legends such as KRS-One and Crazy Legs have advocated that Bam' be re-considered as an even more pivotal pioneer in Hip-Hop culture's inception.
However, one Bronx, New York native has come forth to accuse Afrika Bambaataa of molesting him as a child, as initially reported by HipHopDX. Ronald Savage is a prominent figure in the borough. Savage is currently a judicial delegate in the 12th Judicial District in the Bronx, and a former New York State Democratic Committeeman. The single father of three is also a US Press Association journalist, and author. Further, Savage describes himself as a former music industry member. In his Amazon writer's bio, Savage credits himself as having worked with Doug E. Fresh and Showbiz & A.G., among others.
In 2014, Ronald Savage self-published his second book, Impulse Urges And Fantasies: Life Is a Bag of Mixed Emotions, Vol. 1. In discussing his memoir and life, Savage was a guest on Star's (a/k/a Troi Torain) Shot97 show. Star, also an author, was a longtime host of the syndicated Star & Bucwild Show, which was broadcast from New York City's HOT 97 and Power 105, as well as other stations. In a two-part phone interview published March 29, Star asked Ronald Savage about his claims, and his history with Afrika Bambaataa and the Universal Zulu Nation.
Ronald Savage describes his relationship with Afrika Bambaataa beginning in approximately 1977. At the time of the alleged molestation, Savage says he was between the ages of 12 and 14, attending junior high school in the Bronx.
“It took me this long to actually get this out and really talk about it freely,” begins an emotional Ronald Savage. “I wanted to be down with the in-crowd, not really understanding that what [Afrika] Bambaataa was doing to me was actually molesting me. I knew it was wrong. I just had these feelings that was like, ‘yuck.' Over the years, as I was getting older, I wanted to report this. I wanted to come forward. Out of fear of the [Universal] Zulu Nation, out of fear for my family, fear for me, fear of anything that can possibly happen, [I did not]. I was ashamed [and] embarrassed because things like this usually happen to women—to girls. Guys don't really talk about it.”
Until the closing of his aforementioned memoir, Ronald Savage refers to Afrika Bambaataa as “DJ Battle.” Star presses Savage about that choice, given the seriousness of the claims. “I don't really even like to say Bambaataa's name, you know, 'cause of the things that he's done to me. It was uncomfortable [for me] writing the book, [but less so] using the name ‘DJ Battle' as his name. That way, I can really get everything out about what happened to me with Bam', and things that happened to me.”
Star asks the judicial delegate to share with the public what exactly transpired between him and the considerably older Bambaataa in the late 1970s. At the time, Savage says he was introduced to the Universal Zulu Nation by his sister's boyfriend. In joining the Zulus and being given the name “Bee-Stinger,” he says he met the Hip-Hop pioneer.”The very first time that this ever happened to me, I was in school and I was cutting. I needed a place to go, so I called Bambaataa [to see] if I could go and hang out at his house. I had no knowledge of none of the stuff [sic] that Bam' does. When I went over to Bam's house, he had me go over to his room. I was watching television. That's when Bam' came over and he had taken his penis out he had started jerking it off—masturbating. [Then] he asked me to do it. I'm looking at him like, ‘What?' He told me that it was okay. At that time, I have this [famous] guy: Afrika Bambaataa [of] the Zulu Nation…I was confused. I really didn't know what to do, but I wanted to be down. So I did take it out and Bam' told me to jerk it. I didn't know what ‘jerk it' meant at that time. So he actually jerked it for me.”
Savage further reflects, “I remember me being scared. I remember him, after that, leaving out of the bedroom. Then another guy came in the bedroom and he took his penis out. I remember getting up off of the bed and getting out of the house. I remember running. I remember a lady on the highway stopping her car. I got into her car. I remember crying and I told the lady what happened; she dropped me off at my school. That was the first time that that had happened.”
Further in the first segment of the interview, Star asks if this was an isolated incident. Savage later says he estimates that sexual misconduct allegedly happened more than five times. “I remember [a separate] incident of this happening in Bam's car. We were by Castle Hill—that's where I used to live, Castle Hill. It was in his car.” After recounting manual sex in the car, Savage continues, “He ended up making me go down on him. I was scared. At the same time, I was confused. I don't know. From there, it happened many other times of him coming to my house. He came to my house multiple times. The thing that I most remember is him—and it's what really bothers me…it's been bothering me for so long to where I used to…when people touched me, it was just a weird touch. It all stemmed from I remember him having me lay down on the bed. I [was told I] had to cross my legs, and him putting his penis in between my legs, pumping up and down.” At this point in the interview, a deeply emotional Ronald Savage appears to be sobbing.
Star asks if Savage ever initiated the contact with Zulu Nation co-founder. “No. Bam' would contact me. He would call me at my house to tell me that he was coming over. It's not like I was calling him to come over. Come on. He pursued me.”
Further in the interview, Savage recalls an alleged incident with Afrika Bambaataa involving himself and another male minor affiliated with the Universal Zulu Nation. “This is why I didn't know who to turn to [or] who to trust.” Savage recalls performing oral sex on the fellow minor in Bambaataa's presence. “A lot of this is blacked out because I was trying to forget about it. So I don't exactly know how many occurrences it actually happened, but it had to be five or more.” Star asks when the molestation ended. “I honestly don't remember the time-frame.” As Savage recalls, he is the one who stopped contact with the DJ. “I stopped answering my door for Bam' when he came over. At some point in time when I was younger, I just altogether stopped hanging out with the Zulu Nation, when I was younger.” The other prominent figure mentioned in the interview by Savage is DJ Jazzy Jay, who was a prominent turntablist. Savage says he was friends with Jay, who was allegedly unaware of what was happening behind closed doors. “When Bam' would come to the stage to DJ, I would leave the stage. I didn't want to be around him, and I didn't know who to turn to.” Star then asks if Afrika Bambaataa performed sex acts on the pubescent boy. “He went down on me, yes.”
Later in the conversation, Ronald Savage reveals telling a family member. Star asks why Savage's mother and guardian was not concerned with the adult male coming to their home. “When I go to be 20, 21, I did finally tell my mother. She asked me why I didn't tell her this when I was younger, because she would've had Bambaataa arrested. My thing, outta my fear for [my family] and fear for myself, that's why I didn't say anything. Even me coming forward now, I'm afraid.”
Reflecting on his life since the 1970s molestation, Ronald Savage confesses “I went through depression. I tried to commit suicide over this thing.”
Here, Star reveals that he has contacted multiple channels of the Zulu Nation for comment. The radio veteran says he attempted correspondence with Minister of Information of Universal Zulu Nation Quadeer Shakur. “I reached out to him twice on Twitter, via [direct messaging]. I sent an email—no response. I did get a response from the Zulu Nation [United Kingdom] chapter 10 minutes after I sent them a Twitter DM. They said they would forward the information to the proper channels. But to this point right now, [I have received] no response from the Minister of Information.”
While the alleged molestation ended in the 1970s, Ronald Savage recalls a 2015 exchange with Afrika Bambaataa. “The last time I remember seeing Bam' was at Central Park. He was supposed to perform, DJ.” He continues, “I have seen ‘Bam. I didn't speak to him. I just walked past him. He said what's up to me, but I just don't feel comfortable talking to him. I don't like being around him. I remember [that] I left [the event] because Bam' was there.”
Near the end of part 2 of the interview, Ronald Savage reveals that he is using his claims to take action. “Today I had spoken with a member of the New York City Council. I had told her before what happened to me, but was not ready to [go public].” He elaborates, “I told her that it's unfair that I can't bring charges to Bambaataa because of the statute of limitations. I want to be able to fight to make sure that there are no statutes of [limitations]. Because people who have not been a victim cannot say how many years it should be before you come forth. I'm just coming forth now, and I'm able to talk about.”
Savage says that while the Universal Zulu Nation did not respond to Star, he has been contacted to have a sit-down with the man he is accusing. Ronald says that before traveling, Afrika Bambaataa reportedly wanted to arrange the meeting the same day that the interview recorded. “He's willing to reach out to me. But I felt if I would have gone to this meeting before I get my story [out publicly], I probably would have never told the story, because they would have convinced me not to. At this point in time, it took this long to come forth, so I needed [telling the story] to happen [before considering a meeting].”
Afrika Bambaataa and the Universal Zulu Nation have not commented publicly at Ronald Savage's claims at press time.
Related: Afrika Bambaataa Will Receive a Lifetime Achievement Award For Helping to Birth Hip-Hop
CLOSE Williamson County has grown so fast, but public schools funding has not kept up. There is a proposed sales tax referendum to help alleviate the long-term budget crunch. Photos by Mark Zaleski. Wochit
A map of potential development areas in Williamson County identifies county and state-owned roads that will see greater traffic congestion in coming years, particularly in PDAs 7, 8 and 9. (Photo: Courtesy of McBride Dale Clarion)
Facing projections that more than 350,000 people will move to Williamson County over the next 25 years, county officials and residents heard recommendations from traffic experts on how to handle and prepare for future growth on Wednesday.
The first is the creation of a capital improvement projects plan to lay out priority transportation projects for county roads over the next several years.
"Clearly, the biggest issue is the dedicated funding source and ability to build that into a true CIP plan," said Greg Dale, with McBride Dale Clarion.
The second is revisiting the county's comprehensive plan — specifically its land use policies in eastern Williamson County — to consider whether allowing less dense residential development can help "put the brakes" on the influx of new residents.
Funding options
Capital improvement plans don't work without a funding source. Williamson County has no clear mechanism to pay for future capital and operational improvements to county-owned roads.
Without taking state roads into account, $378 million will be needed for those projects.
Williamson County's highway department has a budget of $11.5 million, with $5.7 going toward highway and bridge maintenance alone.
The question of how to generate the revenue needed spurred discussion among county commissioners.
Consultants who compiled traffic strategies for Williamson County's unincorporated areas, where most growth is expected in coming years, presented several funding scenarios, from a countywide property tax increase to a property tax hike coupled with an impact fee that would be limited to unincorporated areas.
While a considerable chunk of drivers who use those roads are just passing through Williamson, the bulk of new traffic in coming years will be generated from new residents in the county's eastern portion.Some commissioners opposed the idea that future tax hikes would be limited to those who don't live in one of the six municipalities.
"Why did anybody even suggest…for only unincorporated people paying?" said Commissioner Barb Sturgeon. "I don't understand why you would even think that."
Sturgeon also asked whether it would be possible to make people who live outside the county to pay for road improvements.
County Mayor Rogers Anderson explained that county property tax revenue isn't used for city road projects, and vice versa.
"Folks in municipalities don't pay for anything in unincorporated areas. Let that sink in for a minute," Anderson said.
"Our experience has been, when you tax everybody, the municipalities are going to ask for their share," said L. Carson Bise, president of TischlerBise.
Three of the five suggested funding scenarios call for a property tax increase. A countywide, nine-cent property tax hike, for example, would generate more than $371 million.
Two other scenarios called for an annual transportation utility fee, but commissioners were put off by the fact that such a fee isn't legal in Tennessee and would require a change in state law.
Land use policies
Consultants also recommended that Williamson County review its 10-year old comprehensive plan and its existing land use policies in eastern Williamson County.
A large chunk of the county is zoned RD-1, which requires no more than one dwelling unit per acre. Under existing zoning, there's a remaining capacity of 23,000 additional units in that area alone.
"That drip of continued development of that area is eventually going to get to the point where its significant contributor to the traffic issue," Dale said.
The question will be whether the county should increase the acreage required for new homes.
"The point is, there needs to be a multi-faceted approach that involves not only identifying what projects to build and where the funding's going to come from, but also revisiting those fundamental (land use) policies," said County Planning Director Mike Matteson. "I don't think there's anybody that's saying what that should result in, but it makes sense to go back out to the community and determine what that should be."
Matteson said the county will likely begin to review its comprehensive plan next summer.
The overall findings of the transportation study will be presented to the full county commission and planning commission later this fall.
Key Findings
Williamson County is projected to gain roughly 353,000 more residents over the next 25 years.
Roughly 35 percent of that new population growth, or 124,000 residents, are expected to move into unincorporated areas of the county.
While existing congestion in unincorporated areas is the highest near Hillsboro and Sneed Road, those same levels of traffic are expected on roadways in eastern Williamson County by 2040.
Currently, about 52 percent of people traveling on county and state roads are not Williamson residents.
Full build out of the county's rural areas could potentially bring up to 58,000 new dwelling units.
Reach Elaina Sauber at esauber@tennessean.com, 615-571-1172 or follow @ElainaSauber on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/local/williamson/2017/09/07/williamson-may-need-tax-hikes-lower-dens-co-road-projects-may-call-tax-hikes-and-lower-density-zonin/639629001/
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has just issued the strongest statement yet among his peers in the technology industry against an executive order on immigration that has sparked widespread condemnation. In a brief statement made on Facebook, Hastings said that President “Trump's actions are hurting Netflix employees around the world, and are so un-American it pains us all.” You can read his full statement below:
Trump's actions are hurting Netflix employees around the world, and are so un-American it pains us all. Worse, these... Posted by Reed Hastings on Saturday, January 28, 2017
President Trump's order has caused chaos today at airports and around the world as refugees and visa holders are being detained, questioned, and denied entry to the United States. Lawyers on the scene at US airports are reporting that border agents have detained foreigners seeking entry, asked for social media details, and in some cases questioned their religious affiliation.
Other technology companies, including Microsoft, Google, Facebook, and Uber have also expressed concerns about the executive order — so far in measured and even deferential statements.
Trump's 'Muslim ban' won't help security
- We noted back in May of this year that there were unconfirmed rumors going around saying Dixie Carter accidentally copied a Destination America executive on an e-mail where she was complaining about the network. At the time, sources in TNA weren't outright denying the rumor but they weren't confirming it actually happened either.
This e-mail incident really did happen, according to The Wrestling Observer Newsletter. It turns out Dixie sent an e-mail to several unintended recipients. Whoever she was sending it to, the e-mail was mostly Dixie complaining about how Discovery doesn't send out information on the +3 ratings, since Impact Wrestling usually does 15% to 20% more viewers when DVR viewership over the following 3 days after it airs is factored in.
Dixie reportedly called Discovery President Mark Graboff some negative names in the e-mail and took a shot at his intelligence in some way. Besides the intended recipients, Dixie also sent the e-mail to Destination America Group President Harvey Schlieff and several other Discovery executives. Schlieff responded to Dixie and said he was sorry she felt that way about Graboff. Graboff was also copied on the e-mails, apparently by Schlieff so he could see what was happening. Obviously this did not go over well with the network and likely added to the problems that the ratings had brought on.
Source: Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Subscribe to The Wrestling Observer by clicking here. Each issue has coverage and analysis of all the major news, plus history pieces. New subscribers can also receive free classic issues.
ES Lifestyle Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
There was a time, around the start of 2009, when it felt like every grand building project in London had stalled. Plans for a multitude of soaring shiny towers, conceived at the very height of the boom years, were filed away, the money to build them having, apparently, disintegrated in an instant. Workmen walked off sites. The skeletons of grand office blocks, only half-constructed and already bankrupt, stood silent; follies, a testament to a bygone era.
How quickly history rights itself. 'As of this moment I'm not aware of any project that's still on hold,' says Peter Rees, the chief planning officer of the City of London. 'People are either on site, in the process of tendering or are concluding deals.'
What's this? A recently beleaguered property industry in bullish mood? Are we, against the odds, at the beginning of a new property boom in London? The straight answer is no. While there are cranes over the City, and a rash of proposals for tall buildings from Vauxhall to Canary Wharf, from Blackfriars to Croydon, these are still difficult times.
It might seem curious that, with a traumatised economy, the property industry would not take time to re-evaluate the schemes it had proposed in the fat times. Perhaps the temples to commerce that skyscrapers represent might feel a little hubristic at this point in the economic cycle. But not a bit of it. That kind of thinking takes too long and renegotiating planning permission is too arduous. It's quicker to dust off old plans than to make new ones. London will get a clutch of tall buildings that were designed for a boom, and delivered after a chastening recession. There are some on site already: the 230m Heron Tower by the London office of American architect Kohn Pedersen Fox (KPF) will finish early next year, and the 310m Shard by star architect Renzo Piano, above London Bridge station, will also be finished in time for the 2012 Olympics.
Rees is measured in his prognosis. 'I don't see this as the start of a new property boom. Developers are simply meeting demand that currently exists, because there is a shortage of grade-A office space in the City. In the longer term, people have significant question marks about the state of the world economy and so on. They're just getting the product there while's demand.'
So it could be that the resurrection of the Walkie Talkie, Darth Vader's Helmet, the Helter-Skelter and all the rest that make up the cast of characters that will compete for attention on the London skyline will be the last of a generation of tall buildings in the City. The two most significant buildings that are currently under construction in the Square Mile are both by the same architect, KPF. The Heron Tower on Bishopsgate is nearly there and has emerged as a pretty regular-looking office building. It has none of the fancy shapemaking of the Gherkin, rather it has straight edges and right angles. Paul Simovic of KPF, the architect in charge of the Heron Tower, says, 'I think it has a very different attitude from the so-called iconic buildings. We focused on having a sensitive approach to orientation and site. The building allows other people to build near it and forms part of the urban fabric rather than elbowing others out of the way. The materials are high quality but nothing that screams, and there's a focus on the ground floor, with a recessed arcade at the front entrance and a pedestrianised area next to it.'
While Heron Tower is one of the buildings in the City that hasn't yet spawned a nickname, that is perhaps because it is trying to be more modest. KPF's other proposal is less so. The Pinnacle tower, which at 288m will be the second highest building in the country after the Shard, will cost £1 billion and will be completed in 2013. Work has just begun on the spiralling form, which has been dubbed the Helter-Skelter.
Paul Katz, president of KPF, says that these towers are a vital part of the identity of London. 'I find it gratifying to see all these towers in London because many years ago, in the
mid-1990s, we were advocating clusters of towers but there was strong opposition. I think the tall building is the building type of the 21st century. I can see why in London there would be concern about tall buildings eviscerating the unique scale of the city. But I think that contrast between high and low and old and new is exciting.'
The other proposals, all of which, I was told by sources in the City, are moving forward, are Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners' Leadenhall Building (nicknamed the Cheesegrater), Rafael Viñoly Architects' 20 Fenchurch Street (the Walkie Talkie), and the so-called groundscraper of the 22-storey Walbrook Square by Foster + Partners and French architect Jean Nouvel (Darth Vader's Helmet, according to some).
The City has been having these debates for years, and every building there is subjected to close scrutiny by English Heritage and other bodies. But perhaps the most noticeable of the forthcoming proposals for towers are those beyond the Square Mile. Building on the various 'clusters' of towers in Vauxhall, Blackfriars and Croydon seems to be progressing, and the skylines of these areas will be transformed.
Vauxhall could have at least five new residential towers of between 20 and more than 40 storeys, if plans are approved on a variety of developments. The Nine Elms area has become prime development land thanks to the recent announcement that the American Embassy will move there and also because of the masterplan to regenerate Battersea Power Station and its surroundings with residential units, shops, office space and even a new Tube link. The pressure is on to develop.
Proposals include Hampton House by Foster + Partners, Carey Jones's Vauxhall Cross eco tower (the Vauxhall Sky Gardens), and Keith Williams Architects' 24-storey residential tower just a block inland from the river at 81 Black Prince Road. Towers in the Vauxhall area have met with opposition from local residents, particularly the Octave Tower, designed by Make Architects, the practice run by Ken Shuttleworth. The project was refused planning permission last year, but the developer has appealed and results of that appeal are due in June. Another controversial scheme is Squire and Partners' proposal for two towers of 42 and 31 storeys at Vauxhall Cross, which is due to go in for planning this summer. Steve Bee, director of planning and development for English Heritage, says that although EH is now comfortable with the plans for Battersea Power Station, the Vauxhall Cross towers are worry-ing. He says: 'These buildings at Vauxhall Cross do give us cause for concern because they affect the backdrop to the Westminster World Heritage Site.'
The south end of Blackfriars Bridge has been touted as a potential location for a cluster of towers for some time, and developer Beetham and Mirax is now seemingly beginning work again on the largest of these (the 52-storey, boomerang-shaped Beetham Tower by Ian Simpson Architects). 'Refinancing has been completed on the project and the developers are now in discussion with funds and other partners with a view to going on site next year,' says Ian Simpson. Although the Number One Blackfriars project (also known as Beetham Tower) was opposed by Boris Johnson, it already has planning permission thanks to a decision by the then Secretary of State Hazel Blears. But Simpson sees his design as timeless enough to endure. 'It is a building that will last for 100 years. Opposing tall buildings is a very easy political win. When most people think of them, they would think of something built in the 1960s and say they don't like them. But if you can allow people to experience them, they see that they can have significant value.' Number One Blackfriars is a hotel and residential scheme, with a public viewing gallery at high level, a mix that Simpson sees as fitting in with other visitor attractions along the South Bank.
Behind the £1 billion Beetham Tower is 20 Blackfriars Road, a site with planning permission for two glassy towers designed by Stirling Prize-winning architect Wilkinson Eyre. Circleplane, the developer of the project, has since dropped Wilkinson Eyre from the project, and its future in its current form looks uncertain, according to sources close to the project.
Vauxhall and Blackfriars Bridge are locations that currently do not have high buildings, but they are hoping. The idea of 'clustering' tall buildings is seen, by English Heritage and the Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment, as the best way to reduce their impact on the skyline.
The City of London's high-rise drive will continue north, with towers creeping up Shoreditch High Street, allowing Hackney and Tower Hamlets to get in on the action and making a cluster of tall buildings, if a cluster it can really be called, more than a mile long from Fenchurch Street to Bishopsgate Goods Yard. Foster + Partners has designed a tower for the site just north of the Broadgate Tower (which attracted objections because of its plan to demolish a listed building on the site). The currently vacant Bishopsgate Goods Yard has a masterplan by Terry Farrell and Partners, now formally adopted by Tower Hamlets, proposing a number of tall buildings, the case for which is aided by the recently opened Shoreditch station.
Canary Wharf continues to spread, with several new towers planned in and around the West India and Millwall Docks, including the soon-to-be-completed 22 Marsh Wall (two residential towers of 140m and 98m) and the massive Riverside South proposal. Canary Wharf does not begin building before it has tenants signed up to occupy the space, and this lack of a speculative approach means it is not certain when many of these projects will happen. There are two sites where work is ready to begin. JP Morgan's new headquarters at Riverside South, consisting of two towers of 37 and 45 storeys designed by Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners, has begun preliminary works on site. Another site, at 25 Churchill Place, is to be subject to another planning application shortly from KPF, although the start-on-site date is not confirmed.
And what kind of city will these towers make London? That's a question few could answer, even among those designing and building them – they're all just grateful for having some work in what promise to be hard times over the next couple of years. When you look at the skyline in five years' time, remind yourself that you are not looking at the architecture of prosperity but of what came after. We'll have to wait to find out what these strange shapes on the London skyline will come to symbolise.
Ten officially licensed off road, four-wheel-drive vehicles to take into the wilderness.
60 exciting courses spread over six different terrain types with varying weather conditions and times of day.
Highly detailed and realistic driving physics so that you feel every crevice, slope and boulder.
Tired of being a Sunday driver? Had enough of the same old rigid road course? Want to get rough and dirty? Climb into your rugged 4x4, get off the tarmac and head into the wild! You'll face steep slopes, sudden drops and dangerous natural obstacles as you navigate through inhospitable terrain at high speeds in order to beat the clock.To become a champion you'll need to battle against the elements in some of the harshest racing conditions you've ever faced. Everything from mud to mountains is accurately recreated in this exciting off road racer. Ground-breaking all-terrain physics modeling and realistic 4WD vehicle handling keep the thrills coming as you trek across a wide range of various terrains and elevations. Take on your opponents and tackle the brutal hinterland in either Free Drive, Championship, Trophy and Pathfinder mode, or leave your friends in the dust in the LAN multiplayer mode. For the ultimate driving experience, you'll need to go where there are no roads...
In the moments where former Clinton advisor James Carville wasn't completely unintelligible in his Sunday morning appearance on ABC's This Week, he was actively undermining the effort to defend Hillary Clinton's controversial email practices.
Due to her stubborn refusal to amend her 2016 campaign rollout schedule, the former secretary of state still lacks a press shop and, as a result, has had to rely on surrogates like Media Matters founder David Brock, former Clinton counsel Lanny Davis, and political advisor James Carville to defuse this scandal in the press. Thus far, they have utterly failed in their mission.
Brock's cartoonish defense of Clinton consists of unconvincingly insisting that former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush's email flap was similar, even possibly worse, than the scandal engulfing the former secretary of state who likely handled American national secrets on unsecure email servers. Davis has taken to engaging in yelling matches with MSNBC anchors, an indication of the extent of the Clintons' bunker mentality on this scandal. Before this weekend, Carville might have been the most consistently cogent member of Clinton's cadre of apologists. He surrendered that claim to competency on Sunday. (hat tip to The Weekly Standard for this clip):
“What this is, is the latest in a continuation, and if you take it all and put it together, and you subtract 3.1415 from pi, you're left with not very much,” Carville began, perhaps as a courtesy to the members of his viewing audience on hallucinogenic drugs.
“And that's — at the end of the day, so the Republicans can't pass a budget, alright, we got another investigation, just like we had the Whitewater, just like you go through the file-gate, you go through travel-gate, you go through seven or eight different congressional committees,” he continued. “And you wonder why the public is not following this? Because they know what it is.”
If you've been able to follow this thought process so far, you might be a political flack-in-waiting. For the vast majority of Americans who do not routinely decrypt hyperventilating Beltway insider, this is indecipherable.
But Carville went on to bury his former boss when he reached just a bit too far for a partisan smoke signal that would ignite the passions of liberal Democrats.
“I suspect she didn't want Louie Gohmert rifling through her emails, which seems to me to be a kind of reasonable position for someone to take,” he said. “It amounts to — just like everything else before it, it amounts to nothing but a bunch of people flapping their jaws about nothing.”
Yes, rabidly liberal Democrats might agree that Clinton is right to try to avoid oversight from the congressional Republicans whom the American public determined should command the levers of legislative government, but that's also an admission of illegality.
James Carville on @ThisWeekABC says he "suspects" @HillaryClinton used private email b/c she didn't want Hill oversight. Quite an admission — Mark Halperin (@MarkHalperin) March 15, 2015
Carville went on to indict the press for manufacturing this scandal and focusing on it so doggedly. He accused the political press of a virulent anti-Clinton bias, an indication of the likely fact that he did not hear himself confess that Clinton's behavior was perfectly scandalous.
Team Clinton is going to have to ask their surrogates to stop helping, and soon. At this rate, Clinton's backers are going to help her right out of the race.
Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg via Getty Images Uber wants former customers to know it's aware it let them down — and that it's trying to improve.
In an email sent to riders in New York City on Friday, the new-age taxi company "failed to prioritize" its various stakeholders. And it laid out some of the "radical" changes it's making to revamp its workplace.
"In expanding so quickly, we failed to prioritize the people that helped get us here," Uber said in the email. "Ultimately, the measure of our success is the satisfaction of our riders, drivers, and employees — and we realize that we have fallen short."
The email was sent to Uber customers in several of its markets who hadn't taken rides recently, according a person familiar with the situation.
The move is likely a bid to win back riders after a tumultuous first half of 2017.
The year kicked off with more than 200,000 customers deleting their account in reaction to the #DeleteUber movement. After a former employee wrote a blog post detailing the sexual harassment and gender bias she allegedly experienced at the company, Uber launched an investigation into its workplace. Later, company CEO Travis Kalanick was caught on video arguing with an Uber driver over pay.
On Tuesday, the crises came to a head when former US Attorney General Eric Holder and his firm released the results of their investigation — a set of 47 wide-ranging recommendations meant to overhaul the company's culture. On the same day, Kalanick, announced plans to take and indefinite leave of absence from the company.
In its note to riders, Uber acknowledged there's more work to be done. Here's its full apology to customers:
The conservative group Project Veritas released a video Wednesday morning showing a glimpse of its long-anticipated undercover video sting inside the Clinton campaign.
“This is just the tip of the iceberg,” says James O'Keefe, the group's founder in the clip.
Filmed by hidden camera by Project Veritas supporters posing as Clinton volunteers, the video shows a Clinton campaign staffer discussing strategies for targeting voter registration efforts. The campaign's policy is to register all those who ask to register, a fact the staffer repeats.
But the staffer is also seen encouraging the “volunteer” to first ask whether the Iowans they encounter are Clinton supporters before asking if they are registered to vote. “We don't want to make our focus be voter registration, because then we have to, like, register everyone regardless of whether they're supporters or not,” the Clinton organizer is shown saying.
Nothing in the video shows the Clinton campaign violating the law, or the campaign's own policy. But Veritas claims, nonetheless, that the campaign is “skirting the law” by first asking whether potential voters are supporters before making the registration offer. This approach to training volunteers is standard operating procedure across field campaigns, according to a Republican field staffer, who requested anonymity.
The Clinton campaign put its offices on alert nationwide last week after catching wind of the Project Veritas effort, warning about the potential for more attempts to infiltrate its campaign. Other schemes identified by the Clinton campaign included efforts to convince staffers and volunteers to accept potentially illegal contributions.
In the video, a Veritas supporter is seen greeting Clinton and posing for a photo with her, though it is not clear whether their interaction yielded anything of note. “Stay tuned Hillary, because we're shortly going to release a stunning story of electoral malfeasance at the highest levels of your campaign,” O'Keefe says. “Check your email.”
The Clinton campaign declined to comment on the video.
Decoding Hillary Clinton's Campaign Photo Ops Justin Sullivan—Getty Images Michael B. Thomas—AFP/Getty Images Justin Sullivan—Getty Images Lucas Jackson—Reuters Don Emmert—AFP/Getty Images Don Emmert—AFP/Getty Images Andrew Burton—Getty Images Jim Cole—AP Mike Blake—Reuters 1 of 9 Advertisement
Read next: Why Bernie Sanders Won't Add Debates Without Hillary Clinton
Download TIME's mobile app for iOS to have your world explained wherever you go
Contact us at editors@time.com.
THE Broncos will have to check on Corey Oates tomorrow morning before he is cleared to take on the Melbourne Storm.
Oates missed training with an illness this morning after he was quarantined from the team.
Jonus Pearson ran on the wing and is on standby if Oates' condition does not improve.
The rest of the Broncos' squad trained in preparation for the big clash at Suncorp Stadium.
Ben Hunt will start the game in the halves with Benji Marshall, with Kodi Nikorima to come off the bench as a utility.
BRONCOS NRL SQUAD
1. Jordan Kahu
2. Corey Oates / Jonus Pearson
3. James Roberts
4. Tautau Moga
5. David Mead
6. Benji Marshall
17. Ben Hunt
8. Korbin Sims
9. Andrew McCullough
10. Adam Blair ©
11. Sam Thaiday
12. Matt Gillett
13. Josh McGuire
Interchange:
7. Kodi Nikorima
14. Alex Glenn
15. Tevita Pangai
16. Herman Ese'ese
Reserve: Joe Ofahengaue
Reserve: Jai Arrow
Reserve: Jaydn Su'A
Coach: Wayne Bennett
Washington (CNN) It's a week away from Super Tuesday -- but tonight is a big evening for politics, too.
The menu for politics lovers starts with a Democratic town hall featuring Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders on CNN at 8 p.m. ET.
Then come the results from the Nevada Republican caucuses, where Donald Trump, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz will battle it out for first place in the last GOP election before 12 states vote next Tuesday.
Here's what to watch on an important night for both parties:
Clinton's Wall Street wobbles
Democrats have already held their caucuses in Nevada and Clinton snatched momentum there against Sanders. The challenge for Clinton is to keep it going.
In the days since her Nevada victory, Sanders has increasingly sharpened his attacks on Clinton. He picked up on an issue he'd previously dropped, with his campaign tweeting Monday about Clinton's refusal to release her paid speeches to firms like Goldman Sachs: "It's been 17 days, 16 hours and 32 minutes since @HillaryClinton said she would 'look into' releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street."
Clinton still doesn't have a good answer to questions about why she gave speeches to the Wall Street firms she now says she'll be tough on -- and why she won't release the transcripts of those speeches.
It's among the reasons exit polls show Sanders continuing to trounce Clinton on the issue of credibility.
She stumbled on the issue during the last CNN Democratic town hall. Tuesday night's forum could show whether she has found a better way to answer those questions.
Sanders courts blacks
The Democratic contest in South Carolina on Saturday is all about African-American votes -- and whether Sanders, who looks all but certain to lose there, can gain enough ground to turn states with similar demographics competitive in the future.
But Sanders' message is sometimes discordant.
In an interview with BET that aired over the weekend, he accused Clinton of pandering to the African-American community by cozying up to President Barack Obama on issue after issue.
Then, Sunday night, he went to a Baptist church in West Columbia and praised Obama's legacy -- particularly the economic recovery.
He'll have to strike the right tone to make South Carolina competitive -- -- as well as southern states such as Texas, Georgia and Virginia that vote on Super Tuesday.
The key for Sanders: Connecting his core message about economic inequality to the concerns of the African-American community, under pressure from Clinton, who has portrayed him as failing to address other forms of discrimination.
Will the Trump train gain steam?
It sounds like a scene out of a movie: The billionaire Trump, on stage at The Nugget Casino Resort in Las Vegas, celebrating a campaign victory.
If that's how Tuesday night plays out at the Nevada caucuses, it'll leave Trump with three firsts and one second-place finish through the four early states -- enough that, any other year, would leave him looking set to run away with the nomination.
He still faces some challenges.
So far, Trump has benefitted from a fractured field. In New Hampshire, for instance, so-called establishment support was divided among Kasich, Bush, Rubio and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.
That's no longer the case.
So the big question for the Republican front-runner on Tuesday night is whether he's somewhere near his ceiling or whether he has room to grow.
If Trump's numbers keep climbing and neither Rubio nor Cruz can stay close, he could be a runaway train bound for the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
Rubio's rise
The nights of Rubio selling third place as a win are over.
Since Jeb Bush dropped out of the Republican race Saturday night, Rubio has quickly worked to lock down the party's establishment -- picking up former Bush donors and releasing a cascade of endorsements from governors, senators and congressmen Monday.
Though Ohio Gov. John Kasich remains in the race, Rubio appears close to locking down the party's more moderate and establishment types. It's a testament to his own political talent, but also a recognition that if the GOP is to stop Trump from winning its nomination, it's now or never.
Now, Rubio has to get voters to buy in.
The Nevada caucuses are the first test of whether Rubio can consolidate the anti-Trump forces within the GOP and become the party's clear alternative.
Timing is crucial: He needs momentum headed into the Super Tuesday swath of twelve states voting on March 1 -- and especially before March 15, when Republican contests become winner-take-all.
Can Cruz come back?
The toll of the persistent attacks from Trump and Rubio -- Cruz is a liar -- became clear Monday when the Texas senator canned Rick Tyler , his campaign's communications director.
Far from clearing up his problems, that move might have only served to underscore the complaints that Cruz's opponents have repeatedly lodged about his campaign tactics and attack ads.
After a third-place finish in South Carolina, and under intense scrutiny, Cruz is now in jeopardy of become the odd man out of the GOP race.
The establishment is rallying around Rubio. Trump has proven he can win over Evangelicals and rock-ribbed conservatives who make up Cruz's base. So who can Cruz win?
His third place finish in South Carolina was a stinging setback for a candidate who is betting his campaign on a strong showing in the South on Super Tuesday. A stronger than expected showing in Nevada could go a long way toward easing the weaknesses that were exposed in South Carolina.
Several people have asked me what's causing the ammunition shortage.
The ammo shortage is nationwide, and pretty much for all calibers. The shortage also includes ammunition components (brass, powder, primers and bullets) and all reloading equipment and supplies.
Part of the problem is that the federal government is purchasing large amounts of ammo, which is stressing an already-stressed marketplace.
However, the larger problem is the difference in elasticity between supply and demand.
The supply side is relatively inelastic. Manufacturers cannot increase production more than 30-40% before they begin exhausting their component suppliers. The component suppliers can't expand more than 30-40% before they max out their material suppliers, all the way to the ends of the many supply chains. This is typical for any type of manufacturing, and applies now in spades to ammunition. Manufacturers are running hard trying to satisfy demand. After all, they're in business and want to sell.
The demand side, though, is very elastic — and driven by Americans' psychological responses to economic and political uncertainties. One supplier says he doesn't have a shortage of ammunition, but a serious surplus of customers. As long as people have discretionary funds available and are stressed by political and economic uncertainty, or even by perceived political and economic uncertainty, demand for ammo will outstrip supply.
The only thing that would turn this around in the near future is if conditions change to remove or moderate the perception of economic and political uncertainty in the U.S. Frankly, my crystal ball doesn't see that happening any time soon. That's unfortunate.
Gary Marbut is a successful citizen advocate, the creator of political efforts such as the Firearms Freedom Act movement, the president of the Montana Shooting Sports Association, and is accepted in state and federal courts as an expert in self-defense, use of force, and firearms safety.
A long time ago (well, May 16) in a City Beautiful, all of the stars geared up to fight a war ... a war to see who was the Best of Orlando.
And now the people of Orlando have spoken! Read of their triumph on the following pages, where we list the victors in the many battles of Local Color, Music + Nightlife, Food + Drink, Arts + Culture, Sports + Recreation and Goods + Services.
We'd also like to hang medals around the necks of the following:
Writers: Tyler Barney, Monivette Cordeiro, Faiyaz Kara, Seth Kubersky, Kyle Eagle, Bao Le-Huu, Thaddeus McCollum, Matthew Moyer, Xander Peters, Colin Wolf and Jessica Bryce Young ate, drank, danced, looked, learned and listened their way through the city for the past year to cull our Writers' Picks. Editors McCollum, Moyer and Young also took on the herculean task of tallying our voters' voices in the Readers Poll.
Fact-checkers: Monivette Cordeiro, Larissa Hamblin, Paola Perez, Xander Peters and Megan Scavo
Photos and design: Photographer Rob Bartlett, who took the out-of-this-world pictures, and Melissa McHenry who put it all together with flair
Locations: Many, many thanks to the proprietors of Orlando Meats, Shots Bar, TopGolf, WestArt District and Woof Gang Bakery & Grooming Conway for allowing us to shoot our section openers in their establishments.
Digital: ... and Colin Wolf uploaded all of it to the website.
The stars of our issue this year is the cosplayers, without whom none of it would have been possible. Endless gratitude to you, Rebels and Imperials both.
STORM TROOPER
Who are you? I am Ashley Kitzman-Ortiz Ball, born in Oahu, Hawaii. I attended the University of Central Florida, where I earned my bachelor's degree in hospitality. Costume designing is my life's passion. When I am not working on my latest creation, I help out as a seamstress with local theaters and enjoy being an entertainment professional throughout Florida. I love my friends, I crave a great brunch and I always keep an eye on the future.
Why do you love Star Wars? My mother had a huge love for Star Wars. So naturally, as a child I was introduced to the fantasy worlds of the movie franchise. Luckily I was to be old enough to understand it and to attend the first theatrical showings of the second trilogy, The Phantom Menace. I have to be honest, I fell in love with the costumes more than anything – Padme Amidala especially caught my attention. Star Wars and its multitude of amazing characters and costumes fired my passion to want to create and wear them. The older I grew the more I loved the overall story and never ending characters from which to emulate.
What is your favorite thing about Orlando? I love that Orlando is always filled with unique events and themed parties, it's never boring. I meet so many amazing people from all over that are just as weird as me.
How did you get started in cosplay? Like any child growing up, I wanted to wear the costumes that my favorite characters on the big screen were wearing. It wasn't until my mother taught me how to sew that I realized I could make my wants a reality. I picked up the skills and made things that I always wanted. My first cosplay creation was Tia Dalma from Pirates of the Caribbean, and after wearing it to my first MegaCon in 2007, I was hooked. I love my attention to detail; I normally make costumes that are very detail-oriented and difficult to do.
JEDI, POE DAMERON
Who are you? I'm Kevin Ball, a Hollywood stuntman who has spent much of my adult life doubling famous actors and pretending to be characters created by professional writers. Though the movie world pays the bills, my second passion is working with global humanitarian organizations. I have been on location in over 30 countries across the world advocating for NGOs in the areas of human trafficking, humanitarian landmine removal and children's surgical missions.
Why do you love Star Wars? I saw A New Hope with my father in 1977 when it first came to theaters. I was 7 years old. Its stories and toys defined my young mind and became a permanent fixture of my adult life. To this day, over 40 years from the films release, I still collect items from the franchise, and I'm excited beyond belief to see new generations of Star Wars fans get lost as I did, in the "Galaxy Far, Far Away."
What is your favorite thing about Orlando? I'm a native to Orlando. As a teen I hoped to move away from my home like many youthful people do, but age brought wisdom to my young mind. Orlando is a cultural melting pot of ideals, passions, arts, food and love. I have traveled across the country and across the globe and have yet to meet our town's equal.
How did you get started in cosplay? Simply stated, my wife introduced me to it. It is an opportunity to shed your everyday image and to don a persona that can remove you from your normal routine. It's adult dress up, and it's fun.
KYLO REN (also BB-8's “owner”)
Who are you? Sam Falco, filmmaker, prop builder and costumer.
Why do you love Star Wars? Star Wars for me is the pinnacle of what fantasy can provide. It whisks you away to an entirely different world full of bizarre and amazing things that both delight you and, at the same time, challenge you.
What is your favorite thing about Orlando? My favorite thing about Orlando is easily the culture. There's just an overwhelming sense of artistic liberty in this city that few other places have. You can drive down the street and see gorgeous graffiti art that has been left in place for years and become a staple of the community. Theater, film, painting, music, it's all embedded into this town, and that's fantastic to be part of.
How did you get started in cosplay? I got started in cosplay as a result of my endeavors into filmmaking, I think. I would make props and costumes for projects I was working on, and really get a kick out of the stuff but I never had a place to showcase them. When I discovered the convention scene, though, that gave me this amazing opportunity to meet other artists like myself and actually show off this stuff I loved to make. It sort of just snowballed from there.
VADER
Who are you? I'm Doug Merritt, Chosen One Cosplay (Instagram: @chosen1_cosplay) –husband, father, friend.
Why do you love Star Wars? I grew up watching the original trilogy. I always loved the story and depth of the Darth Vader character.
What is your favorite thing about Orlando? Its diversity and creative spirit.
How did you get started in cosplay? Through a volunteer charity organization called Guardians of Justice, created to bring smiles to special needs children
R2-D2
Who are you? My name is Aaron Barnhill. I am originally from Nebraska and moved to Orlando in 1984.
Why do you love Star Wars? I love Star Wars for its action, adventure, romance, betrayal, and good triumphs over evil. I also love the toys that Star Wars produced, and how it affects lives in different ways: Like for me, Star Wars and the Southern R2 Builders gave me the inspiration to build a life-size R2-D2.
What is your favorite thing about Orlando? Disney for one, and how much diversity Orlando has.
How did you get started in cosplay? Well, R2 isn't cosplay [Barnhill isn't inside the R2-D2 suit; he runs it by remote control]. It is more of a hobby that brings smiles to everyone.
The archetypal new town is creating jobs faster than anywhere in the UK, but remains maligned for its ordered grids and concrete cows. Outsiders just don't understand the oddities and ironies that give the place its soul
When people talk about Milton Keynes, they tend to mention two things: concrete cows and roundabouts. Why, you might ask, aren't they marvelling over how one can get to Bletchley on the train in four minutes, Leighton Buzzard in 11 minutes, Cheddington in 17? Or how there are two Costas, two Prets and two Starbucks in the same shopping centre? There's little justice in new-town world. Cows and roundabouts are what stick.
MK – as the locals call it – has been popping up in the news of late, whether it's CCTV footage of some blokes driving through the door of the Red Bull Racing HQ and nicking the trophies; plans for the first driverless cars to be tested on MK streets; anticipation of the Rugby World Cup (MK is a host city); or the highest increase in jobs in the country. These stories nearly always come armoured with wry references to the cows (albeit now better-employed cows) and roundabouts. But they never really get MK. Perhaps that's because no one seems to have lived there. The place has an in-and-out sort of vibe.
But I have lived there, and I want to offer an appreciation of Milton Keynes. I'm fond of the place. I grew up in the surrounding area – a 10-minute drive away – and until recently lived in a flat smack in the city centre, above a Café Rouge, opposite a Nando's, a Zizzi, a Las Iguanas, with the Argos headquarters to the rear, a Jury's Inn on one flank and an enormous Sainsbury's on the other. Dear reader, you're right: I was living the dream.
The thing is, MK has its own style. For instance, in MK we all lean to the right. Not politically speaking, but physically. It's those roundabouts again. Just check the tyres on any Milton-Keynesian car – always more worn on the right than the left. So we affect a special lean. That's MK style. Getting lost down a street that looks like the last seven you've covered? Also MK style. Getting palpitations when you go a hundred yards without coming across a roundabout? MK style. A glass-sheeted city of endless reflections: the epitome of MK style.
I'm a writer, a bookish soul, so style preoccupies me. Books offer particular ways of seeing. Their style becomes a perception that we take on. Milton Keynes, then, is specifically a JG Ballard novel – all concrete and chrome; hard-edged; made up of odd juxtapositions. Sometimes it can feel a bit Martin Amis, too – cartoonish, built on extremes, vibrating with a repressed satirical energy. When I was a kid, MK was a Roald Dahl story – lots of hairy-faced men in the shopping centre, the great glass elevator in John Lewis that presumably could fly, and peaches from M&S that, frankly, disappointed.
Living in MK can also feel like living in one big art installation designed by a smirking postmodernist – which I love. There's the Point, opened in 1985, the UK's first true multiplex cinema. It rises from the concrete grid like a pyramid – a rusty skeleton of red bars meeting above a triangular structure of black blocks – but a pyramid for a lesser Pharaoh, like Wazner or Thesh, unremembered and uncelebrated. A pyramid for Rob Lowe or Emilio Estevez. Despite its historical reputation, it feels forgotten and fatigued, like the old man at a party who insists on his significant past (trials for West Ham, more sexual partners than is humanly possible). But no one's paying attention. The glory days are gone.
Then there's the Xscape building (the Point's usurper), a leaden humpback whale washed up in the middle of a big car park. And, of course, those cows, petrified into one long stony moo. Everywhere you go, the energy is offbeat. Maybe it's an acquired taste, but it suits me down to the concrete-gridded ground.
It would be remiss not to mention the city's heartbeat among this list of curiosities: the huge shopping centre, which, to most, justifies MK's existence. It's an ecological and temporal wonder. It has a tropical region (those alien-looking ferns and palm trees that line the concourses); an English pastoral (an oak tree with the flu in the centre – “acute oak decline” to be precise – with the obedient concrete cows huddled beneath its cropped and crippled arms); an artful bronze age (bronze statues nestled in unexpected places); an austere industrial age (up in the multistorey, out back in the humming warehouses); and the dizzying future of its traffic skyscape (look up and you'll see delivery vehicles negotiating the rooftops overhead).
The key to unlocking MK's strange beauty is what Keats called “negative capability” – the ability to exist in contraries. After all, this is a place built on a grid system, configured by dual-carriageways, roundabouts, subways and bridges, yet it's one of the greenest cities you could find, the interstices of said grid blooming with copious trees (some 20m in the urban area alone). It's also a city with an indoor ski range (a bit strange) and, soon, driverless cars (very strange, though this suggests an absent-presence that seems somehow true to the MK experience). And let's not forget my favourite Milton-Keynesian irony: the city isn't a city at all. The centre is invariably referred to as the city centre, and numerous societies and clubs include “city” in their titles. But it's not a city, it's a town (whisper it; this kind of thought is treasonous in these parts). You've got to love the ambition though.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The concrete-and-glass exterior of the Quadrant in Milton Keynes. Photograph: Alamy
MK was designed on utopian principles. The grid, for instance, is meant to give the place order and pattern, what with its fixed map of symmetries and reliable right-angles, its carefully sequenced roundabouts and neat aisles of trees. Every road has its parallel, every spot its coordinate. You always know where you are with Milton Keynes. Above all, utopias are meant to give the sense of a frame within which to live. And Milton Keynes is a place of multiple frames. Because it's a grid.
But frames presuppose something beyond. They create the possibility of stepping outside of the frame. And the real MK, to my mind, is the stuff that does exactly this; the stuff that goes overlooked. It's the little oddities and ironies, the blemishes within the self-imposed symmetries, that give the place its soul. These quiet rebellions are everywhere to be discovered. They're there in the hidden pocket parks, entered through portals between office buildings like Alice through the rabbit hole. They're there in the tumbling ivy and blossoms that pour over the low walls alongside the highways like something from an HG Wells novel.
In MK, the modern and natural co-exist – lines of trees fattened on dual-carriageway mucus, densely vegetated roundabouts like conservation sites. But it somehow feels as if the modern is the older element, and the natural greens and browns and maroons are a newer supplement. New is old and old is new. A place of poetic ironies. That's Milton Keynes. That's the place I love. (And, let's face it, utopias tend to be hells: everyone the same; everything levelled; a general mediocrity. Too many attractive anomalies in MK for that.)
Milton Keynes will always be the home of concrete cows and roundabouts. These are two facts not easily shaken off. But I want to add something else into the mix: Milton Keynes's public art; the many sculptures and statues scattered about the landscape. London might have Nelson's column, the north its angel, Manchester its Alan Turing. But here in Milton Keynes we have: Greg Rutherford … on a roundabout.
There he is, the long-jumper suspended in mid-flight on a traffic island, a man made of metal. As you approach this statue from the east on the A421, something else catches the eye, directly beside Greg's roundabout. A huge industrial unit, painted in a spectrum of blues so that it merges with the sky and looks like the mirage of a pool. Once you've picked this out of thin air, you notice the large “River Island” emblazoned across the side. And then a quintessentially Milton-Keynesian pun (unintentional, made from a random juxtaposition) becomes clear: Greg Rutherford is leaping from his island into an imaginary river. River island, indeed. You just have to look outside the frame. Because outside of the frame is where all the fun is to be had. That's MK style.
The ruling Chinese party reprimanded about 4,300 officials in April citing disciplinary violations, the Communist Party of China's official graft watchdog said Sunday. This comes as President Xi Jinping continues his campaign to crack down on corruption in the country.
In March, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection probed 3,115 discipline violations, conducted inspections across 31 regions, 139 central and state bodies, 106 government enterprises and 15 state financial institutions, according to its statement cited by Sputnik news. More than 1.65 million officials have been punished in the first three months of this year, the report said.
Earlier this month, the commission said it punished 300,000 officials last year amid the corruption crackdown. The watchdog had said that 200,000 party members were given “light punishment,” while 82,000 received “heavy punishment.” However, the number of officials punished in 2015 for corruption is comparatively small given the ruling party's 88 million members.
The commission was formed to fight corruption and other wrongdoing within the ranks of the ruling party. The watchdog carries out internal investigations prior to deciding whether to transfer the case to judicial authorities.
Since Xi assumed office in 2012, he has launched a campaign to fight corruption, mainly targeting high-level officials in the Communist Party, the armed forces and state-run enterprises.
It is a novel lauded in the Netherlands as a modern classic, while its author is a literary titan. But British readers are unlikely to have heard of The Evenings or Gerard Reve.
Nearly 70 years after the novel's publication and 10 years after Reve's death, it has finally been translated into English. Set in Holland just after the second world war, it is a powerful story of an alienated young office worker who is cynical about his loving, middle-class parents and friends.
The novel went on to find such appreciation that it has never been out of print and was ranked by the Society of Dutch Literature as the country's best novel of all time.
Daniel Seton, a commissioning editor at Pushkin Press, which is publishing it in the UK on 3 November, said: “It's taught in schools over there. It's a kind of cultural touchstone … It's highly acclaimed critically and very popular – quite a rare combination.”
The Pushkin edition's jacket bears a comment from Herman Koch, the Dutch bestselling author of The Dinner, who draws parallels between The Evenings and classics by the Americans Jack Kerouac and JD Salinger: “If The Evenings had appeared in English in the 1950s, it would have become every bit as much a classic as On the Road and The Catcher in the Rye.”
Victor Schiferli edited Reve's books when he worked at the Dutch publisher De Bezige Bij. He said of The Evenings: “Maybe you can compare it to The Catcher in the Rye in terms of familiarity among readers. It's [about] an adolescent contemplating how to live so, especially for late teenagers, it's a book that they will read and always remember. Also when you're older, it's a very beautiful book to read.
“There's a cafe in Amsterdam called the Evenings. [The novel] is something we all know. The specific humour we refer to as ‘evenings humour'. It's a very sardonic humour the main character has, a mean way of describing his friends and his family.”
Seton was astonished to discover that the book had not been translated into English. He likens introducing it to British readers to bringing them a new novel by a writer such as Albert Camus.
He said: “It's brilliantly written… strange, funny and sinister, with an unexpectedly beautiful ending… It has a very original use of language, a really innovative mixing of registers… sometimes very emotionally powerful, often very funny.”
When The Evenings were published, in 1947, the nihilism of its protagonist sparked a furore in the Netherlands, prompting Reve to defend himself: “I wrote The Evenings because I was convinced I had to write it. That seems to me a good enough reason. I hoped that 10 of my friends would accept a free copy and that 20 people would buy the book out of pity and 10 others by mistake. Things turned out differently. It's not my fault it caused such an uproar.”
Reve himself was a controversial character. Born into a communist family in 1923, he rejected his parents' ideology, becoming a devout, if unorthodox, Catholic – openly homosexual, and combining eroticism and religion in his writings. In 1966, he was prosecuted for blasphemy, after he published writings in which the narrator has sex with God, incarnated as a donkey.
The Evenings (Pushkin Press, £14.99. Click here to order a copy for £12.29
The German government has been forced to deny it is interested in acquiring nuclear weapons amid calls for it to lead a European “nuclear superpower”.
“There are no plans for nuclear armament in Europe involving the federal government,” a spokesman for Angela Merkel said.
The highly unusual statement comes amid growing calls for the European Union to invest in its own nuclear deterrent in the wake of President Donald Trump's comments that Nato is “obsolete”.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the head of Poland's ruling party, told a German newspaper this week he would “welcome an EU nuclear superpower”.
A senior MP from Mrs Merkel's Christian Democrat party (CDU) has called for Germany to press for a European nuclear deterrent.
Spiegel magazine has questioned whether it is time for Germany to acquire its own nuclear weapons.
And the Financial Times has called for Germany to “think the unthinkable” on the issue.
Aitor Karanka's Boro kicked off pre-season as a Premier League club with a resounding victory against York City at Bootham Crescent.
Karanka's men looked in impressive shape, displaying good passing and movement in cruising to a 6-0 victory in a game that saw 22 players used, with a different XI in each half.
There are absences for a number of players, including new signings Victor Valdes, Bernardo Espinosa, Viktor Fischer, and promotion winners Ben Gibson and Grant Leadbitter, but the 1600 travelling fans will have been delighted with what the saw.
It took just 19 minutes for those fans to celebrate first goal of the summer, Scott Flinders being officially credited despite Carlos de Pena making the vital touch for Boro, and it proved the first of a flurry on the afternoon.
Albert Adomah provided the cross from the right and while de Pena applied what appeared to be the finishing touch, the ball bounced back off the inside of the upright and hit Flinders before bouncing back across the line.
Less than three minutes later it was 2-0. David Nugent and Alex Pattison linked up well in the York half and when Flinders saved Nugent's initial shot, the Boro striker showed a cool head to follow up and double the advantage with a clinical finish.
It wasn't all good news in the first half for Boro with James Husband being forced out of the action before the half-hour mark, clutching his wrist after falling awkwardly. George Friend replaced Husband who headed straight to the dressing room for treatment.
Injury aside, it was a great start to the summer for Boro and it was 3-0 shortly after the half-hour with Adomah and Nugent combining well this time.
Adomah burst from the halfway line and played a delightfully disguised pass to Nugent. The striker's first time shot was blocked by Flinders but he reacted quickly to seize on the loose ball and unselfishly squared for Adomah who converted from close range.
The two combined again moments later with Adomah supplying another good cross, but Nugent lifted his shot over the top.
The second half was a similar story in terms of Boro possession and domination. A completely different XI brought fresh legs and the passing and movement was again bright and lively.
Stewy Downing almost profited from some good build-up play but his shot was just wide. It could have been 4-0 moments later Jordan Rhodes hound himself in acres of space with only the keeper to beat, but he paid the price for hesitating with finish and was denied.
Rhodes made no mistake on 64 minutes when he showed his class with a great touch and swift turn before ramming the ball into the back of the net.
A fifth goal came on 75 minutes with Adam Reach delivering a superb finish. Konstantopoulos sent a long ball forward and Reach, spying the keeper off his line, showed great confidence with a first time finish to make it 5-0.
There was still time for a sixth goal and Rhodes bagged his second of the afternoon three minutes from time with a neat close range finish after good work by Reach.
York City (first half): Flinders, Rooney, Whittle, Kamdjo, Higgins, Fry, Connolly, Heslop, Brodie, Klukowski, Galbraith.
York City (subs): Robinson, Trialist, Clappison, Walton, Nti, Felix, Dixon, Fenwick, Wardle, Kennedy, Thompson.
Boro (first half): Mejias, Nsue, Baptiste, Morris, Husband (Friend 27), Pattisom, Forshaw, Adomah, de Sart, de Pena, Nugent.
Boro (second half): Konstantopoulos, Halliday, Jackson, McGhee, Friend, Clayton, de Roon, Carayol, Downing, Reach, Rhodes.
Att: 2,812 (2,000 Boro - approx)
Barry Goldberg will be a happy man when season three of the ABC comedy returns.
Here's some good news for Big Tasty: AJ Michalka will be sticking around The Goldbergs.
The ABC comedy has promoted Michalka to series regular for its upcoming third season, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
The actress behind Lainey Lewis has been recurring on Adam F. Goldberg's semi-autobiographical comedy since late in season one, playing Barry Goldberg/Big Tasty's (Troy Gentile) girlfriend and Erica Goldberg's (Hayley Orrantia) best friend.
Read more 'The Goldbergs' Creator on Foiled 'Thriller' Episode, Courting Madonna, Next Big Tribute
"Even though my real brother never actually dated much in high school, the minute we cast AJ we knew we found someone special," Goldberg told THR. "She brings such warmth and humor to the only girl brave enough to date Barry Goldberg. We're thrilled that she's willing to put on those ugly neon '80s outfits and tease up her hair every episode this upcoming season!"
Michalka — who, like Orrantia, is an actress, singer and songwriter — will be a series regular for the first time in her career. Her credits include an MTV special with her sister, Aly Michalka, as well as episodes of The CW's Hellcats, CBS' The Guardian and, more recently, HBO's Silicon Valley. She's repped by Gersh, Primary Wave and McKuin Frankel.
In its second season, The Goldbergs — produced by Sony Pictures Television — found its groove as part of ABC's Wednesday night family comedy block. The series improved 23 percent year-over-year and was ABC's No. 3 comedy among the advertiser-coveted adults 18-49 demo. Season three returns in the fall in its same slot on Wednesdays at 8:30 p.m.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
Last weekend, the boys and I were at a bar and we started playing on one of those “parlor game” machines. If you're unfamiliar, they're basically a computer with a touch screen in a glorified case. They're loaded up with dozens of games like “spot the difference”, traditional casino games, and of course X-rated versions of everything. As we were burning cash playing, we started thinking out loud that the game would be “cooler” if you could actually win money back. Games like this do exist in Vegas but they're consequently heavily regulated by gambling related laws. As we were discussing this, someone mentioned building the game using Bitcoin in hopes of skirting gambling regulations. So, how could you go about building a real world game using Bitcoin for payments?
Hardware
The natural choice here would be to run with a WiFi enabled RaspberryPi along with a capacitive touchscreen. I've never done any work with touchscreens but it looks like TigerDirect has 22″ Planar ones for under $300. Couple that with a WiFi RaspberryPi kit for $50 and we should be in business for Authentication
Now things get interesting. Philosophically, I think you do want to enforce authentication so that users can save scores, carry a BTC balance, and generally make the experience “stickier”. The straightforward approach would be to offer a traditional sign up using an email address and password but that would totally sacrifice leveraging social media. Allowing users to easily “sign in” with Twitter or Facebook would allow you leverage their social graphs to find their friends and drive awareness of the game. An issue I've run into in the past is that “kiosks” always ask you to enter you Facebook or Twitter credentials directly on the kiosk – which is a non-starter for most people.
So how can we avoid this? The big idea is that you really just need the user's OAuth tokens for whatever service they want to use – not their credentials. To do this, you'd need to either distribute an app or have a website where the user could “sign in” while already logged in on Facebook or Twitter on their mobile phone. Then, you'd be able to capture their OAuth tokens and log them in to the kiosk.
Getting the Bitcoin
Ok, so the user is logged in, now we need to get them some Bitcoin to play with. I think what you'd want to do is generate a wallet for each authenticated user and let them transfer in to an address as need be. So since their account is unfunded, they'd be presented with a QR code for an address that they can use to fund it. Another interesting idea would be to let users buy BTC in cash from the bartender which would in turn automatically fund their account. To support this, you'd need an app or website where the bartender could transfer BTC into the user's wallet after receiving cash on site.
In terms of software to facilitate this, it seems like bitcoinj would be the best option. Written in Java, bitcoinj is a “client node only” implementation of the Bitcoin protocol that allows it to run without a full local copy of the Blockchain. Because of this, bitcoinj will run in resource constrained environments like the RaspberryPi. In addition, bitcoinj supports “simplified payment verification” so you'd be able to clear transactions instantly without waiting for confirmations to settle.
The Games
Graphically and conceptually, the games are all pretty straightforward so your best bet is probably implementing with JavaScript with HTML and CSS. The benefits would be you're development cycles would be short and you'd be able to develop the games independently of the device itself. With HTML5 hitting it's stride, you'd also be able to enable “multiplayer” versions using WebSockets.
One interesting consideration is that without being able to definitely vouch for the physical security of the kiosk how can you verify that the running code is authentic?
Sending the Bitcoin
The final step in the dance (and what makes it special) is allowing the user to cash BTC out of their account. I think you'd want to offer the option of allowing the use to generate a “send to” address if they have a mobile wallet and also allow them to cash out in person. If they can generate a “send to” address, they'd have to use the kiosk to scan a QR code where their BTC balance would get sent. To facilitate this, you'd need a webcam attached to the RaspberryPi and then use something like ZXing to decode the data in the QR code.
For the “in-person” option, you'd need to build out functionality to allow the bartender to initiate a transfer from the user's wallet back to the bar from the web or mobile app. After it settles, they'd simply hand the user back some cash and the account would be settled.
Is this legal?
Therein lays the rub. It probably is but I'm not 100% sure. Eliminating the option to exchange BTC for cash might help the case for legality. Along with that, if you can side step “making odds” as well it might help your case. Would love any thoughts on this!
Posted In: General
Tags: bitcoin, games, rasperrypi
Construction is underway on a new high-profile mixed use development at the former Holiday Inn hotel site in downtown Huntsville.
Shane Davis, director of urban development for the City of Huntsville, gave an update on CityCentre at Big Spring at last week's City Council meeting. The project, which is being developed by Huntsville-based RCP Companies, will feature two hotels, 240 multi-family units and an artisanal food hall inspired by Ponce City Market and Krog Street in Atlanta, Eataly in Chicago and The Source in Denver.
AC Hotels will make its Alabama debut at CityCentre with a 150-unit, six-story Marriott hotel, which will have a standalone restaurant, bar and rooftop deck for the public and hotel patrons.
"This will be the 10th AC Marriott in the world and they're all custom-designed for their specific location," Davis said. "Not any one AC Marriott looks alike."
Davis said the food hall, designed by Orlando-based The Gravity Company, will include up to 14 food options in a sit-down dining/fast-casual atmosphere that provides customers the experience of seeing their meal prepared.
The CityCentre presentation lists the following concepts for the market-style food hall: seafood, patio, raw bar, biscuit food stand, burgers, Asian tacos, pizza bar, ice cream, creme brulee, torta food stand, olive oil, coffee, chopped salad, and Mexican street food.
"Where you would sit to dine is a very open format kind of like a food court in a mall would be," Davis said.
Another urban-style hotel, which Davis identified as Residence Inn by Marriott, will have at least 100 rooms and begin construction in the third quarter of 2017. Residence Inn currently has an extended-stay facility on 6305 Residence Inn Road in Huntsville.
RCP has not officially announced Residence Inn's expansion at CityCentre.
"As we commit to plans, elevations, designs, and more great tenants, the ground work construction at CityCentre is well underway," RCP Director Odie Fakhouri told AL.com. "While we are in discussions with Marriott to bring another one of their upscale hotels for guests downtown, the AC Hotel by Marriott and the food hall will be entirely new experiences to Huntsville."
The addition of 250 units between AC Hotels and Residence Inn will bring the city one step closer to its goal of attaining 1,000 rooms in the downtown area. Davis said about three more hotels, or 300 rooms, are needed to help Huntsville compete with peer cities for major conferences.
It is unknown at this time if one or more hotels could rise at the vacant Coca-Cola bottling plant at the corner of Clinton Avenue and Monroe Street near the Von Braun Center.
"We've identified some sites," Davis said. "Naturally, it's up to the private property owner to do that, but we think we'll be successful around the VBC area to get that in the next 24 months or so."
A multistory office, retail or mixed-use component could begin taking shape at CityCentre during the last phase of the project. Davis said the final uses will be determined by market demand.
RCP's private investment in CityCentre will top $60 million, Davis said. The city's 20-year return on investment for the project will be as follows:
Lease revenues: $3.6 million ($14.4 million for entire lease term)
Phase II land sale: $1 million
Property tax: $13.9 million
Sales tax: $10.2 million
20-year ROI: $28.7 million
"The city is not performing any work on the site," Davis said. "All site work and construction for the development will be performed by the developer."
As part of the Lowery Boulevard project, Davis said the city will upgrade the sidewalk and streetscape to blend in with construction. It will cost approximately $1 million to upgrade sidewalks and improve connectivity between Lowery Boulevard, Big Spring International Park, and CityCentre, he added.
Huntsville Councilman Bill Kling questioned Davis about landscaping standards at CityCentre. Davis said Urban Design Associates, the Pennsylvania-based master planner for the project, has committed to heavy landscaping, public plazas for recreation and meetings, expansive courtyards and green spaces at the site.
RCP is also building MidCity at Madison Square Mall, which shares similarities with CityCentre at Big Spring. Davis said RCP has submitted 120 pages of MidCity design guidelines, which officials are reviewing and will make minor comments on before presenting a final agreement to the council.
Watch the full CityCentre presentation on YouTube, beginning at 25:30:
Image copyright Paul Wood Image caption Firefighters were called to the blaze at Archway Sheet Metal Works at around 05:00 GMT on 25 November
A fire that gutted the offices of a firm involved a development dispute with Tottenham Hotspur has been described by police as suspicious.
Firefighters were called to the blaze at Archway Sheet Metal Works, on Paxton Road, Tottenham, at around 05:00 GMT.
The factory site is just yards from Spurs' White Hart Lane ground .
The family-run firm is situated on the final piece of land the club has been trying to acquire to start the redevelopment of its stadium.
"An investigation has been launched into the cause of the fire," a Scotland Yard spokesman said. "At this early stage the fire is being treated as suspicious."
No arrests have been made.
Scotland Yard said the fire had been extinguished but Paxton Road remained closed on Tuesday night.
High Court case
The two sides have failed to reach an agreement over the land in north London after seven years of negotiation.
Earlier this year, the Josif family, owners of the company and the land, challenged a compulsory purchase order - triggering a High Court case and a new delay in the start of the project.
Image copyright Paul Wood Image caption The site is yards from Tottenham Hotspur's White Hart Lane ground in north London
In 2010, the Premier League club registered an interest in moving to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford, after growing frustrated by attempts to redevelop White Hart Lane, but lost out to West Ham United.
The club hope moving to the three-hectare site will help increase revenues and improve competition against Europe's top clubs.
London Fire Brigade said six fire engines and 35 firefighters and officers worked to bring the fire under control and there were no reports of any injuries.
But an Archway member of staff said the fire had resulted in "very bad" damage:
"The top floor and offices are all gone and 50% of the bottom floor was on fire," he said. "We don't know anything at the moment.
"We haven't been allowed to go in and have a look so we are just waiting to see what happens."
The company has previously claimed it has received threats and abusive calls from Tottenham fans.
The club plans to build a 56,000-plus capacity stadium next to the existing White Hart Lane ground, which holds just over 36,000.
In a Ziet Online interview, Sahra Wagenknecht, Die Linke vice president and economic spokesperson, says the "The euro splits Europe" and there is no benefit to the EU.
ZEIT ONLINE: Ms. Wagenknecht, what is the biggest advantage of the European Union mean to you?
Sahra Wagenknecht: After the Second World War, the united Europe has brought peace. But ever since the Maastricht Treaty and the Lisbon Treaty, the European Union has developed in a direction that primarily serves the interests of big business and banks. ... Integration reduces the welfare of the majority in Europe along with growing anti-European resentment. We have 19 million unemployed in the south of Europe and a disastrous austerity policies, for which the European Commission is responsible as part of the troika. Entire countries are incapacitated and plunged into the social abyss.
ZEIT ONLINE: Do you agree your life partner Oskar Lafontaine, that Germany should withdraw from the euro?
Wagenknecht: He has not suggested that Germany exit the euro, but that a new currency system with stable exchange rates and capital controls in place of the Euro occurs. The euro as introduced, does not work, but divides Europe.
ZEIT ONLINE: What's the alternative? Return to the D-Mark?
Wagenknecht: It is clear that a resolution of the single currency must not allow exchange rate speculation. There must be institutions that hold the currency market stable. And it needs capital controls.
ZEIT ONLINE: You argue like the AfD.
Wagenknecht: I beg to differ. AfD top candidate Hans Olaf Henkel is a neo-liberal economic lobbyist who throughout his life seeks low wages and welfare cuts. The AFD is not for a social Europe.
ZEIT ONLINE: The Left Party is the AfD for the poor?
Wagenknecht: Nonsense. Even the middle class would benefit from more welfare state and a better wage.
ZEIT ONLINE: Is end the EU the only message of the Left Party before its European Congress?
Wagenknecht: That's not our message. We want a Europe that is socially and democratically and met, for example, the tax evasion by the rich and corporations with uniform tax rates at a high level. We hope that there will soon be a much stronger active resistance from the people of Europe and that the frustration just does not discharge in the election of right-wing populist parties.
ZEIT ONLINE: Will your party discuss how to deal with military operations?
Wagenknecht: Of course. I find the current debate on more military involvement in Germany spooky. We've seen that the military operations in which we have participated, such as in Afghanistan, the people did not benefit. On the contrary, thousands of civilian deaths were the result. Humanitarians do not need bombs. German soldiers have no place abroad.
ZEIT ONLINE: What would happen if there were a new Srebrenica [genocide in Bosnia]? Would the green helmets then stand idly by?
Wagenknecht: Wars are never out of humanitarian reasons. Take a look at how conflicts arise in many conflicts, including in the Congo and elsewhere, European countries have supplied weapons and fueled the civil war. Some of these were proxy wars. And then come the arsonists. That's hypocritical, it's about raw materials and geostrategic positions.
ZEIT ONLINE: Between Left Party and the Greens and the SPD prevails a Thaw. The party leaders of the Left and the Greens meet. SPD General Secretary Yasmin Fahimi was open to joint coalitions. Is a Red-Red-Green coalition in front of the door?
Wagenknecht: It's good that there is finally calls. However, significant political differences remain. When I look at the policy that makes the SPD in the grand coalition, this differs significantly from what we want politically.
Setup to Watch
Eurointelligence had some interesting comments on this development, and I generally agree with the analysis.
We know that Sahra Wagenknecht was always critical of the German government's handling of the eurozone crisis. Now the deputy leader and economics spokeswoman of the Left Party favours the dismantlement of the eurozone. It is not the party's official position yet but her statement as reported in Spiegel Online marks an important political shift for the party.
Germany would then have two parties openly against the euro - the AfD and the Left. Her argument is that the euro splits Europe politically, that it disenfranchises states and impoverishes the majority of the people. As an alternative she is proposing a new fixed-exchange rate system with capital controls.
This is one to watch.
Despite entering a Grand Coalition, the SPD has now officially opened the door for a coalition with the Left Party in 2017 - and that position will either complicate or frustrate that process, or turn into a more general position of the left - depending on the politics of the eurozone crisis in the next few years.
We believe that her arguments are to be taken seriously - Ralph Dahrendorf argued on the same lines well before the euro was introduced. The eurozone has yet to demonstrate that the arrangement will benefit the people in the long run. The real danger to the future of the euro will not come from financial markets. It could come from a broader political realization that the euro has failed to deliver. Not everybody is ready to come to the same conclusion as Wagenknecht, but we should not be surprised to hear more views like this.
The real danger to the future of the euro will not come from financial markets. It could come from a broader political realization that the euro has failed to deliver.
"Eventually, there will come a time when a populist office-seeker will stand before the voters, hold up a copy of the EU treaty and (correctly) declare all the "bail out" debt foisted on their country to be null and void. That person will be elected."
Her arguments regarding capital controls, more regulation, and fixed-rate exchanges are complete silliness.Europe does not need capital controls, nannycrat dictators, or fixed rate exchanges. Fixed rate exchanges cannot possibly work in conjunction with fractional reserve lending and other competitive currency debasement mechanisms.Her arguments should not be taken seriously, but it's likely they will.Nonetheless,did mention the key idea "The euro has not delivered and it will not deliver. It is fundamentally, and fatally flawed. Political bickering over banking unions, fiscal unions, freedom of movement, and literally everything shows the euro cannot possibly be repaired.Repeating what I said in 2011 (and numerous times since):All it will take, is for one charismatic person, timing social mood correctly, to say precisely the right thing at exactly the right time. It will happen.Mike "Mish" Shedlockhttp://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
What Could the Headlines Read Exactly One Year From Today if Donald Trump Is Elected? Take a Look.
President Donald Trump. For many, including the seven out of ten Americans who view him unfavorably, those three words alone bring what some mental health professionals are now recognizing as a source of real and actual stress: "Trump anxiety." The Boston Globe took those three words and imagined what their front page would look like one year from today if what for many is a nightmare now, comes true.
"Deportations to begin, President Trump calls for tripling of ICE force; riots continue," is one headline in the Globe's dystopian fantasy of an America living under President Trump. The headline rings true because it's exactly what Trump has not only promised, but built his campaign, from day one, upon. The nation's top law enforcement official, the Globe predicts, would be Attorney General Chris Christie.
"New Libel law targets 'absolute scum' in press," reads another headline - again, one not far from fantasy, since Trump has promised just that. In fact, all these headlines will likely be true if Trump occupies the Oval Office.
"Markets sink as trade war looms."
"US soldiers refuse orders to kill ISIS families."
Via @GlobeOpinion - The front page we hope we never have to print.https://t.co/CkYtTeXMMA â€” The Boston Globe (@BostonGlobe) April 9, 2016
Calling their fake front page "an exercise in taking a man at his word," The Globe's Editorial Board warns Trump's "vision of America promises to be as appalling in real life as it is in black and white on the page."
They do not shy away from calling for action to stop Trump.
"Action doesn't mean political chicanery or subterfuge," they caution. "It doesn't mean settling for an equally extreme â€” and perhaps more dangerous â€” nominee in Ted Cruz. If the party can muster the courage to reject its first-place finisher, rejecting the runner-up should be even easier."
This is like a college paper's April Fools edition, but with a serious #NeverTrump message https://t.co/AuQkfvB70q pic.twitter.com/PR5XvwmHeJ â€” Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) April 10, 2016
Trump's vision "demands an active and engaged opposition. It requires an opposition as focused on denying Trump the White House as the candidate is flippant and reckless about securing it," the Editorial Board writes.
Globe's faux April 9, 2017 front page: @MegynKelly "placed on a White House blacklist" by Trump administration pic.twitter.com/he1bjuHYxU â€” Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) April 10, 2016
Head over to The Globe for a large version of their fake front page. Below is a smaller one:
Image: Screenshot via Boston Globe
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Update: Perkins later denied making his comments about impeachment on “Face the Nation.”
Family Research Council President Tony Perkins spoke with Iowa-based radio host Jan Mickelson yesterday about the upcoming marriage case at the Supreme Court, which Perkins predicted will end with the court striking down bans on same-sex marriage across the country. Once this occurs, Perkins warned, “it will be open season on people of faith.”
He predicted that the court will issue a ruling similar to Roe v. Wade, further dividing Americans and contradicting “natural law.”
Mickelson suggested that if this happens, members of Congress should try to “remove” the Supreme Court's “jurisdiction” over the marriage issue and “nullify” its decision, sending the message to the justices that “if you try it again we will impeach your sorry keisters.” Perkins heartily agreed: “I think you're absolutely right.”
Mickelson also said that Justices Kagan and Ginsburg should recuse themselves from the case since they have both officiated weddings for same-sex couples, claiming that the two are trying to impose their religion of “secular progressivism” on the country.
“Why should a religious minority like Kagan or Ginsburg, I'm not talking about their Jewish background, I'm talking about their secular progressivism, their form of religion, why does their religion get a seat at the table and everybody else's view gets vilified?” he asked.
The game Krash Karts is a table top game in which 2 to 6 players race to an ever-changing finish line. This is because you design the very track you're racing on... while you're racing on it! How it comes together is up to those playing, and manipulating the track to your advantage or against your opponent's advantage plays a large factor in determining the victor. You can even design your own short-cut to jump to first place!
Coupled with this unique game mechanic, players during the race also gain insane and fun-to-use items; Items like the Booster, which lets you jet ahead of the competition; The Dodge Ball, which whacks your friends and slows them down; The Squirrel, which creates a roadblock forcing players to change course; Or the Bomb which decimates the track and all on it. Plus more items that shift the balance of the game! What's more, some items are left right on the track to benefit or to hinder your friends, and other items can even be used to defend yourself, making each game unique and strategic.
Krash Karts offers a familiar but new experience combining the feeling of kart racing-inspired video games with a simple yet engaging map-building game mechanic that brings a new and exciting hybrid genre of board game to the table.
One even more incredible and truly one-of-a-kind feature that Krash Karts offers, once unlocked via Stretch Goal, is selectable Character Cards with unique abilities that act as your driver. Why is this special? Amazingly, 6 Character Cards are characters from popular independent board games seen on Kickstarter, with the blessing and permission of each individual game's designer. These characters come from games such as Villages, Tiny Epic Kingdoms, Zogar's Gaze, Plague: The Card Game, Hero Brigade, and Tower, with special characters from even more indie table top games that are kept secret until they are unlocked via another Stretch Goal! One bonus character, to support all avenues of this industry, is also included featuring the mascot from the interview blog The Inquisitive Meeple. Further, 2 Character Cards can be designed by you through a special pledge level that will unlock once the first Character Card Stretch Goal is reached at 2k!
It's worth noting though that these Character Cards aren't necessary towards playing the game, as it can be played with or without them! Consider them more of a fun bonus!
Krash Karts is a re-named and slightly re-themed version of the game I designed, originally titled 'Mad Rush Rally'. In a sense, it is the second edition version. The game had refined itself over the almost 2 years it has spent on TheGameCrafter.com, and received favorable success.
Click here to view The Inquisitive Meeple's interview with the designer and learn even more about Krash Karts!
Why is your funding goal so low?
I'm a relatively new designer and take my game and my campaign very seriously, I cannot express that enough. By having a low goal I am hoping to guarantee that I'll get my game out into the world! I have the utmost confidence in my game, and I know it will be a stepping stone towards helping establish my name as a table top game designer, but I also accept that has to start modestly. Further, I've kept my pledge levels relatively simple so as to focus on delivering my game to you swiftly. Once again, I can't thank you enough for your time and consideration!
How to Play
Here is a brief video showing a summary of how the game is played:
Why Kickstarter?
As table top gamers know, Kickstarter.com has proven a fantastic method for an independent board game designer to present a hard-worked-on board game to the masses for a reasonable price. By having your pledges I am able to guarantee you the best price I can by buying in bulk. This allows the cost of the game to come down to a very reasonable price point, which is something I focused on. Thank you for your interest and I hope you consider backing this project!
With each copy of Krash Karts it contains the following. Components can upgrade or unlocked as Stretch Goals are unlocked during the campaign.
Base Game Components:
1) 2-piece Box
2) 1 Full Color Glossy Rulebook
3) 18 Track Cards
4) 5 Short-Cut Cards
5) 1 Starting Line Card
6) 70 Item Shards
7) 6 Plastic Kart Pieces
Unlockable Components:
UNLOCKED! - 9 Character Cards: Unlocked Via 2K Stretch Goal. These cards add a fun layer of extra strategy and intensity to the race. 6 are from independently designed table top games, 1 from a board game interview blog, and 2 are designed by people like you via an unlocked pledge level.
UNLOCKED! - 6 Kart Cards: Unlocked via 3K Stretch Goal. These allow players to keep track of which color they are and help sort their items based on if the items are being played defensively.
UNLOCKED! - 3 More Character Cards: Unlocked Via 5K Stretch Goal. 3 More characters from independently developed games are added to the roster. Their identity was a mystery until now!
LOCKED - Ghost Kart Expansion: Unlocked via 10k Stretch Goal. A Krash Karts expansion for a game with 3-6 players: The 'Ghost Kart' Expansion adds an element of mystery to the race, where all players are criminals escaping the law, but one player is a undercover cop posing as a your fellow criminal. As players race from a bank robbery to a safe location, the cop attempts to arrest them as discreetly as possible without the remaining players cluing in to which player is the traitor! Things get intense when only two remain! A great, unique, and entirely new way to play the game!
Note: The pledge levels below are in Canadian currency. When you bid, your pledge will convert into your native currency upon transfer of funds.
If you would like to add one or more copies of Krash Karts to your pledge, simply increase the dollar amount of your pledge by the following prices listed based on where your shipping address is located. The additional cost of shipping is included in these prices below. After the campaign is over, but before shipping begins, I will send out a survey to ask you what add-on you included in your pledge.
US backers add $23 per additional copy of Krash Karts to their pledge.
Canadian backers add $28 per additional copy of Krash Karts to their pledge.
International backers add $33 per additional copy of Krash Karts to their pledge.
Help Spread the Word!
Help by clicking the 'thumbs up' icon on these pages:
http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1999166/krash-karts
http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1999163/krash-karts
http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1999156/krash-karts
As well, here are some avatars to help spread the word about the Krash Karts campaign on Kickstarter!
Thanks for your support! Let's fund this beast!
Happy New Year 01/01/2015
Follow @eureferendum
In my most recent report on the
At least, though, Merkel has
In her wide-ranging speech, Merkel touched on crises such as West Africa's Ebola outbreak and the conflicts in Ukraine and Iraq and Syria, where the Islamic State group "brutally murders all those people who refuse to submit to its rule".
"One consequence of these wars and crises", she added, "is that worldwide there are more refugees than we have seen since the second world war. Many literally escaped death".
Then, in an obvious rebuke to Pegida, she declared that: "It goes without saying that we help them and take in people who seek refuge with us", referring to the estimated 200,000-odd asylum seekers who have come this year to Europe's biggest economy to ask for a safe haven.
Asserting that immigration was "a gain for all of us", she then mentioned a recent case of a Kurdish refugee who had settled in Germany, saying that it is "perhaps the biggest compliment" for the country to call it a place "where the children of the persecuted can grow up without fear".
Thus we have as clear a statement as can be made on what was the issue of the year for the UK, and climbing rapidly up the political agenda in Germany as well – immigration.
And what amounts to an open declaration of war against Pegida, Merkel has drawn a clear, uncompromising political line, which has had AfD
"She looks down and condemns people she doesn't know anything about", complains Alexander Gauland, AfD Group Chairman in the Brandenburg State Parliament, warning that the Chancellor's criticism will bring the group "even more popularity" than it has previously enjoyed.
With a speech that was finalised some days ago and leaked to the press well in advance, though, one wonders whether her response might have been different had the Blue Sky M" incident happened a few days earlier. In my most recent report on the Pegida phenomenon , I noted that the mainstream politicians seemed to have dived for cover. It was at the time very difficult to find any response from the likes of Merkel or her close associates to the latest round of demonstrations.At least, though, Merkel has remedied this in her New Year's address, branding the Pegida group "pinstripe Nazis", with leaders "rooted in prejudice, coldness, and hatred". Dismissing the group's slogan, "We are the people", she claimed it actually meant: "You're not one of us - because of your skin colour or your religion".In her wide-ranging speech, Merkel touched on crises such as West Africa's Ebola outbreak and the conflicts in Ukraine and Iraq and Syria, where the Islamic State group "brutally murders all those people who refuse to submit to its rule"."One consequence of these wars and crises", she added, "is that worldwide there are more refugees than we have seen since the second world war. Many literally escaped death".Then, in an obvious rebuke to Pegida, she declared that: "It goes without saying that we help them and take in people who seek refuge with us", referring to the estimated 200,000-odd asylum seekers who have come this year to Europe's biggest economy to ask for a safe haven.Asserting that immigration was "a gain for all of us", she then mentioned a recent case of a Kurdish refugee who had settled in Germany, saying that it is "perhaps the biggest compliment" for the country to call it a place "where the children of the persecuted can grow up without fear".Thus we have as clear a statement as can be made on what was the issue of the year for the UK, and climbing rapidly up the political agenda in Germany as well – immigration.And what amounts to an open declaration of war against Pegida, Merkel has drawn a clear, uncompromising political line, which has had AfD come out in defence of the movement."She looks down and condemns people she doesn't know anything about", complains Alexander Gauland, AfD Group Chairman in the Brandenburg State Parliament, warning that the Chancellor's criticism will bring the group "even more popularity" than it has previously enjoyed.With a speech that was finalised some days ago and leaked to the press well in advance, though, one wonders whether her response might have been different had the Blue Sky M" incident happened a few days earlier.
This is the Moldovan-flagged cargo ship, outbound from Korfez, Turkey, a small port town just east of Istanbul, its declared destination Croatia, but with an undeclared manifest comprising nearly 1,000 migrants, many of them from war-torn Syria.
In what is a brazen challenge to the European migration system, what appear to have been people traffickers navigated the ship to the vicinity of Corfu and, while the ship was still in Greek waters, set a course for Italy and abandoned ship.
Once in Italian waters, the hard-pressed Italian coastguards found a ship with the engine-room locked and the autopilot set to ram the ship onshore in the Puglia region, heedless of the safety of its passengers. The coastguards took control of the ship and brought it safely to the port of Gallipoli, on the "heel" of Italy.
Four dead were initially reported, but this seems to have been an error. The passengers, numbering approximately 970, have been disembarked and taken to an empty school in the town, as asylum seekers, making over 2,5000 of such who have sought asylum since Christmas day and topping 160,000 for the year.
The point here is that no system can cope with this sort of influx. For all Merkel's preening, in the first half of 2014, the German Federal Office for Migration and Refugees
With an estimated 200,000 applications by the year end, only a fraction of those will be approved but,
Meanwhile, there are reports that Germany's infrastructure for housing asylum seekers is showing signs of buckling under the pressure, with conditions deteriorating at overcrowded refugee shelters.
New asylum seekers are required to live in a short-term shelter for up to three months after they file their asylum applications. Afterwards, they are supposed to be moved into longer-term accommodation or, in some states, a private apartment, but the shortage of such housing is resulting in longer stays at increasingly over-stretched temporary shelters.
At a Hamburg shelter on Schnackenburgallee, which currently houses about 1,200 asylum seekers, just over 300 were living in tents as of mid-October. Most of the others were forced to live in shipping containers converted into small living spaces with four or five beds.
And if Germany is struggling, there is plenty of evidence that Italy, a smaller and less wealthy country, has long ceased to cope. As a first receiving country under the EU's "Dublin III" regulations, Italy is responsible for processing the asylum seekers that land on its territory.
The country, however, appear to be implementing policies which have the effect of undermining the regulations. Camps set up to receive asylum seekers prior to processing are reported to be primitive, and the treatment of migrants
There are This is the Moldovan-flagged cargo ship, outbound from Korfez, Turkey, a small port town just east of Istanbul, its declared destination Croatia, but with an undeclared manifest comprising nearly 1,000 migrants, many of them from war-torn Syria.In what is a brazen challenge to the European migration system, what appear to have been people traffickers navigated the ship to the vicinity of Corfu and, while the ship was still in Greek waters, set a course for Italy and abandoned ship.Once in Italian waters, the hard-pressed Italian coastguards found a ship with the engine-room locked and the autopilot set to ram the ship onshore in the Puglia region, heedless of the safety of its passengers. The coastguards took control of the ship and brought it safely to the port of Gallipoli, on the "heel" of Italy.Four dead were initially reported, but this seems to have been an error. The passengers, numbering approximately 970, have been disembarked and taken to an empty school in the town, as asylum seekers, making over 2,5000 of such who have sought asylum since Christmas day and topping 160,000 for the year.The point here is that no system can cope with this sort of influx. For all Merkel's preening, in the first half of 2014, the German Federal Office for Migration and Refugees granted refugee status to only 11,828 asylum seekers, out of 60,000 requests, with (then) 112,000 requests still to process.With an estimated 200,000 applications by the year end, only a fraction of those will be approved but, as it stands , the backlog is over 100,000 and it is taking over seven months to process individual applications.Meanwhile, there are reports that Germany's infrastructure for housing asylum seekers is showing signs of buckling under the pressure, with conditions deteriorating at overcrowded refugee shelters.New asylum seekers are required to live in a short-term shelter for up to three months after they file their asylum applications. Afterwards, they are supposed to be moved into longer-term accommodation or, in some states, a private apartment, but the shortage of such housing is resulting in longer stays at increasingly over-stretched temporary shelters.At a Hamburg shelter on Schnackenburgallee, which currently houses about 1,200 asylum seekers, just over 300 were living in tents as of mid-October. Most of the others were forced to live in shipping containers converted into small living spaces with four or five beds.And if Germany is struggling, there is plenty of evidence that Italy, a smaller and less wealthy country, has long ceased to cope. As a first receiving country under the EU's "Dublin III" regulations, Italy is responsible for processing the asylum seekers that land on its territory.The country, however, appear to be implementing policies which have the effect of undermining the regulations. Camps set up to receive asylum seekers prior to processing are reported to be primitive, and the treatment of migrants is described as "appalling".There are suggestions that security is lax and there is little to prevent them escaping and travelling to other countries. In fact, "escape" seems to be encouraged , with some asylum seekers being given food and water and allowed to travel to destinations of their choice.
Some of these find their way to Calais and thence to the UK where they are then housed in temporary accommodation under what is known as the "
But even in the UK there is little room for complacency or even any sense opf superiority. With nearly 20,000 refugees in long-term accommodation, reports abound of
For all that, asylum seekers – despite their high profile and visibility – are a smaller part of the overall immigration surge. For instance, in the year ending
Furthermore, there is more trouble waiting in the wings. Under European law, EEA nationals do not need to obtain documentation confirming their right of residence in the UK.
However, if they want to support an application for a residence card by any of their family members who are not EEA nationals, they must demonstrate that they are residing in the UK in accordance with the Immigration (European Economic Area) Regulations 2006 and are "exercising Treaty rights" in the UK.
In 2013, there were 102,006 decisions on applications for EEA residence documents, 22 percent (18,362) more than in 2012. Grants of permanent residence cards have shown a generally rising trend between 2007 (7,623) and 2013 (22,463).
Thus, we continue into the New Year with the immigration issue already a high profile and which, in an election year, can only intensify. The big question is which of the political parties will be most damaged by the issue, and which will actually gain.
With that, I wish all our readers, friends, allies and supporters, a Happy and prosperous New Year, and end this piece with a promise that we will continue to cover relevant events in detail, and provide information and analysis to support the ongoing political debate.
Best wishes to you all. Some of these find their way to Calais and thence to the UK where they are then housed in temporary accommodation under what is known as the " Compass " scheme.But even in the UK there is little room for complacency or even any sense opf superiority. With nearly 20,000 refugees in long-term accommodation, reports abound of sub-standard conditions , and of illegality and abuse For all that, asylum seekers – despite their high profile and visibility – are a smaller part of the overall immigration surge. For instance, in the year ending June 2014 , 54,000 non-EU nationals immigrated to the UK to accompany or join family members already in the country. The largest proportion came from Pakistan. In addition, there were also 37,315 grants of extension [to permission to stay] for family-related reasons.Furthermore, there is more trouble waiting in the wings. Under European law, EEA nationals do not need to obtain documentation confirming their right of residence in the UK.However, if they want to support an application for a residence card by any of their family members who are not EEA nationals, they must demonstrate that they are residing in the UK in accordance with the Immigration (European Economic Area) Regulations 2006 and are "exercising Treaty rights" in the UK.In 2013, there were 102,006 decisions on applications for EEA residence documents, 22 percent (18,362) more than in 2012. Grants of permanent residence cards have shown a generally rising trend between 2007 (7,623) and 2013 (22,463).Thus, we continue into the New Year with the immigration issue already a high profile and which, in an election year, can only intensify. The big question is which of the political parties will be most damaged by the issue, and which will actually gain.With that, I wish all our readers, friends, allies and supporters, a Happy and prosperous New Year, and end this piece with a promise that we will continue to cover relevant events in detail, and provide information and analysis to support the ongoing political debate.Best wishes to you all.
A left-leaning group, Patriot Majority, has launched a $500,000 ad campaign trying to make an election issue out of conservative mega-donors David and Charles Koch, suggesting the brothers are spending big "to buy this year's elections and advance their agenda," with the goal of electing "politicians who will pass laws that benefit special interests but hurt the middle class."
The half-million dollar ad buy is reportedly the beginning of a long-term, multi-million dollar campaign aimed at raising public awareness of the Koch brothers and conservative special interests.
Although the billionaire Koch Industries heirs are among the country's largest donors to Republican candidates and right-wing organizations like the American Legislative Exchange Council and Americans for Prosperity -- which David Koch co-founded and chairs and which is led by one of his right-hand men -- the pro-Democratic group behind the ads, Patriot Majority, says the brothers have less name recognition among the general public than is warranted. "We believe that the more people learn about the Koch brothers and their agenda, that there is going to be a very positive response," Patriot Majority's president Craig Varoga told Politico. "Instead of complaining about the money that they're spending, we're going to focus on the policies that their front groups are actually pursuing and that is a significant difference from what has been done in the past."
The first round of ads, which are scheduled to run on various cable news networks including CNN and MSNBC, tell viewers that the goal of the Kochs' political largesse includes: "More tax cuts for the rich. Eliminate the minimum wage. Big cuts to our schools, but big subsidies for oil companies. Tax breaks for corporations that ship our jobs overseas."
The ad includes an image of a check made out to the "Greed Agenda" from Koch-funded groups Americans for Prosperity and ALEC, and directs viewers to the website "StoptheGreedAgenda.com."
The organization behind the ads is the 501(c)(4) nonprofit arm of Patriot Majority, which also has a "Super PAC" associated with U.S. Senator for Nevada Harry Reid. The group is run by Varoga, a Democratic political strategist widely credited with Harry Reid's hard-fought victory in 2010. Politico recently described him as the "consummate insider: Most people have never heard of him, but he's had his hand in critical Democratic races for more than 20 years."
As a 501(c)(4), under current rule interpretations, the nonprofit does not have to disclose the identities of their donors, as with other non-profit groups, such as Koch's Americans for Prosperity Foundation and Karl Rove's Crossroads GPS operation, right-wing groups which are poised to spend hundreds of millions of dollars in this election cycle. In response to past criticism that Varoga is playing the same dirty games as right-wing groups, he said, "We have to play the cards we're dealt because otherwise, if we whine and complain, [we] will be completely disadvantaged, and we will lose races that otherwise we should win."
Koch Industries recently issued a response to these ads using an attack they and their allies have repeatedly tried to claim: that, purportedly, opponents speaking are out against them are an "attempt to shut down free speech."
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on Monday ruled against a constitutional plea made by Mohamed Osman Mohamud — a Somali-American who attempted as a teenager to detonate a fake car bomb supplied by undercover FBI agents during a Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland, Oregon, in 2010.
Since his conviction in January 2013, Mohamud has been fighting in court to challenge the government's warrantless collection of his emails sent overseas. With support from the American Civil Liberties Union as an amicus, he contended that the Fourth Amendment should have protected his emails.
However, the panel of three Circuit judges disagreed — deciding that the government has the right under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to make use of American digital communications it obtains incidentally through its overseas surveillance programs, so long as the original target is a foreigner. Mohamud had “diminished” expectations of privacy when he hit send, knowing his correspondence would leave the country, the court said.
Under Section 702, the government doesn't need to obtain a warrant, demonstrate probable cause, or be specific about exactly where and when the surveillance will take place. If the government can use communications from Americans collected under 702, even in narrow circumstances, it sets a precedent that could have lasting implications for their constitutional right to privacy in the digital age.
The court, however, did not believe that Mohamud's case represented a threat to privacy. “Although [Section] 702 potentially raises complex statutory and constitutional issues, this case does not,” wrote Judge John Owens in the Court's opinion.
Mohamud was not a target of the overseas surveillance, and the government did not “query” its database of collected communications specifically for his emails, the judge continued. “All this case involved was the targeting of a foreign national under [Section] 702, through which Mohamud's email communications were incidentally collected.”
The government collected Mohamud's communications because he was emailing someone it was legally monitoring — then went back and got a targeted warrant to surveil his communications.
According to the American Civil Liberties Union, that argument is circular — you can't presume a particular instance of surveillance is legal automatically, especially when reading emails belonging to Americans. The court “said that a warrant is not required where the surveillance is ‘lawful,' but that simply assumes the conclusion,” wrote Patrick Toomey, a staff attorney at the ACLU's National Security Project who argued as an amicus in the case, in an email to The Intercept.
“The very question is whether it is lawful for the government to engage in warrantless surveillance of Americans, on a vast scale, just because its targets are foreigners. The Fourth Amendment does not permit the government to dispense with the privacy rights of Americans so easily,” he continued.
According to Orin Kerr, law professor at George Washington University Law School, the idea that the government only intended to spy on a foreign national, excusing it from monitoring an American at the other end, makes little legal sense. “Section 702 draws a statutory distinction between ‘targeting' someone and merely incidentally collecting that person's communications. But how is that a constitutional distinction?” he asked in a column for the Washington Post.
According to the court, “whether there is a warrant requirement for monitoring hinges on the subjective question of whom the government intends as its ‘target,'” he wrote. “I'm not sure what to make of this.”
But the Ninth Circuit's decision isn't entirely surprising; it reaffirms a previous conclusion by the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon in the summer of 2014.
And the government has repeatedly made similar arguments in defense of a practice that critics argue goes even further against Americans' Fourth-Amendment protections — so-called “backdoor searches” of foreign surveillance databases conducted by the FBI during criminal investigations.
The government has repeatedly argued that it is acceptable to search a database of communications collected solely for the purpose of foreign intelligence gathering — even if the search is done for other purposes — because the data was gathered legally in the first place.
In Mohamud's case, the court said backdoor searches were not at issue, because the FBI did not specifically go hunting for Mohamud's emails. Yet Toomey believes this distinction is meaningless.
“The government is using this surveillance to sweep up Americans' emails without a warrant, amassing them in FBI and NSA databases for years at a time, and then searching through them in ordinary criminal investigations,” says Toomey. “That's the very kind of warrantless intrusion the Fourth Amendment was intended to prohibit.”
Spread the love
“And I was very frightened, and I told him to call the police and he said, ‘I am the police,'” said Poole.
Fresno, California – 78-year-old grandmother Mary Poole was brutally assaulted and pepper-sprayed by a police officer when she attempted to deliver cupcakes to her grandchildren at school.
The children's parents are in the midst of a divorce and custody battle, so Mary wanted to do something nice for the children. She decided to deliver a gift in a neutral setting.
“I hadn't seen my granddaughters for some time and I wanted to see them, and so I baked some cupcakes and bought some cookies for my granddaughters' classroom,” Mary said.
When she arrived at the school she was met by a rude Clovis Unified police officer who told her that she was not allowed to visit the children because there was a restraining order against her. In reality, there was no restraining order against her and no legal reason to keep her out of the school.
The officer was either lying or was totally mistaken about the situation.
Mary obeyed the officer and left the school. She then pulled over to call her son and tell him what happened. While she was on the phone, she was again approached by the officer who became immediately confrontational. As with most police encounters, he refused to hear any explanation that she attempted to give him, but instead demanded immediate obedience.
When she tried to explain her situation, the officer became violent with her. Next he pepper-sprayed the woman in the face twice during the confrontation, as she was struggling to free herself from the attack. The officer must have seen her struggling for safety as a sign of resistance.
“He wouldn't listen to anything I had to say, period. Every time I tried telling him anything…I mean, I was even telling him, ‘I'm 78 years old,' before he grabbed me. He sprayed me with mace twice,” Mary told reporters.
“And I was very frightened, and I told him to call the police and he said, ‘I am the police. He jerked me out of my car with my left arm with such great force, and then threw me onto the pavement. From there he dragged me by my left arm up to the school grounds,” she said.
The officer's attack left Mary seriously injured with several broken bones and a dislocated shoulder.
When all was said and done Mary was taken to the hospital and left with more than $180,000 in medical bills.
Mary Poole filed a lawsuit this week, alleging police brutality and elderly abuse.
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65-chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.
I've been asked to post about some upcoming talks in Nanaimo with archaeological interest. Below I list the talks, which are all co-sponsored to one degree or another between VIU and the Nanaimo ASBC chapter. The linked posters below give you more information about parking, times, room numbers, abstracts, bios, etc. All these talks are free and open to the public. For further information then contact mail@asbcnanaimo.ca .
I know many of you are stuck in other lovely places in the world and can't make it, but for those more local then the details follow.
First up – in just a day or two – is Morley Eldridge of Millennia Research, speaking on his cool uses of digital technology in site recording and excavation. This is really cool stuff and probably the way of the future for at least some scales of archaeological research. There's sneak preview of some of the new methods on the Millennia Blog.
Lecture: A New Methodology for Archaeological Excavation: Mitigative Excavation of GbTo-13 and GbTo-54, Prince Rupert.
Valiant is proud to announce that it is joining Free Comic Book Day 2017 with the VALIANT: X-O MANOWAR FCBD SPECIAL – an all-new, Gold-level offering featuring exclusive stories and never-before-seen preludes to the New Year's must-read new series with X-O Manowar, Bloodshot, Faith, Shadowman, Ninjak, Livewire, and a star-studded roster of Valiant's most formidable heroes present and future!
It all starts here on May 6th, 2017 with AN ALL-NEW PRELUDE to X-O MANOWAR #1, the biggest Valiant debut of all time, from visionary storyteller Matt Kindt (DIvinity, Ninjak, Mind MGMT) and a rotating cast of blockbuster interior artists that includes Tomas Giorello (4001 A.D.: War Mother, Bloodshot Reborn), Doug Braithwaite (Armor Hunters, Bloodshot U.S.A.), Clayton Crain (Rai, Carnage), Ryan Bodenheim (The Dying & The Dead), and Mico Suayan (Bloodshot Reborn)!
Born under the oppressive thumb of the Roman Empire, Aric of Dacia learned warfare at an early age. It was amid such violence that he was abducted by an alien race. Forced into slavery, he survived where others perished. His escape would come from bonding with a weapon of immeasurable power: the X-O Manowar armor. With it, he returned to Earth…only to find himself stranded in the modern day.
But that was a lifetime ago.
Now, far from home on a strange and primitive new world, Aric has begun a new life. Liberated from his past, he tends to his crops. Free from war. Free from violence. Free from the armor.
But the machinery of death marches his way once again. Conscripted into an alien army and thrown into an unforgiving conflict, the fury inside him finds voice as he is forced to embrace the armor once more. With it, he will decimate armies, topple empires and incite interplanetary warfare as he rises from SOLDIER to GENERAL to EMPEROR to VISIGOTH. They wanted a weapon. He will give them war!
Then: comics superstar Jeff Lemire (Inhumans vs. X-Men, Black Hammer) begins the march toward BLOODSHOT SALVATION – a top-secret new series coming in 2017 – with the FIRST APPEARANCEof A MAJOR NEW CHARACTER in AN EXCLUSIVE FCBD STORY that will forever redefine Bloodshot's place in a violent world of heroes, soldiers, and survivors!
Plus: FAITH… HARBINGER RENEGADE… NINJAK… PSI-LORDS… ARCHER & ARMSTRONG… SECRET WEAPONS… RAI… SHADOWMAN… WAR MOTHER… And surprise revelations for HARBINGER WARS 2! Be here on May 6th, 2017 as Valiant's powerhouse heroes come together to begin their biggest year yet with a stunning series of stories, sneak peaks, teasers, and more – only in the VALIANT: X-O MANOWAR FCBD SPECIAL, featuring brand-new cover art by X-O MANOWAR series launch artist and Valiant-exclusive rising star Tomas Giorello!
“Each year, our creators pour an incredible amount of vision and effort into Valiant's Free Comic Book Day releases, but 2017 might just go down as Valiant's single biggest FCBD yet,” said Valiant Publisher Fred Pierce. “From a spectacular new entry point into Matt Kindt's landmark X-O MANOWAR ongoing series to the beginning of a seminal new series with BLOODSHOT SALVATION by Jeff Lemire, this truly will be a launchpad for the next year of Valiant stories, and a phenomenal introduction to the best-reviewed publisher in the industry today.”
But first: A stunning new beginning for Valiant's most enduring icon begins on March 22nd, 2017 in X-O MANOWAR #1, part one of “SOLDIER” – a punishing, three-issue introduction that will push Aric of Dacia beyond the farthest limits of our galaxy…and into the brutal opening salvo of the ultimate X-O Manowar tale ever told!
In the wake of “SOLDIER”'s staggering assault in issues #1-3, X-O MANOWAR then continues in 2017 and beyond as a superstar cast of Valiant's most acclaimed artistic talents ­– including Tomas Giorello, Doug Braithwaite, Clayton Crain, Ryan Bodenheim, and Mico Suayan – chart Aric's path from SOLDIER to GENERAL to EMPEROR to VISIGOTH for a vicious, year-long journey of bone and bloodshed born from the battlefields of a herculean alien empire:
X-O MANOWAR #1 | “SOLDIER” – PART ONE
MATT KINDT | TOMAS GIORELLO
MARCH 2017
X-O MANOWAR #4 | “GENERAL” – PART ONE
MATT KINDT | DOUG BRAITHWAITE
JUNE 2017
X-O MANOWAR #7 | “EMPEROR” – PART ONE
MATT KINDT | CLAYTON CRAIN
SEPTEMBER 2017
X-O MANOWAR #10 | INTERLUDE
MATT KINDT | RYAN BODENHEIM
DECEMBER 2017
X-O MANOWAR #11 | “VISIGOTH” – PART ONE
MATT KINDT | MICO SUAYAN
JANUARY 2018
Mother Finds Out Daughter Masturbates
by Anna Akana
From Anna Akana's other channel.
Date submitted: 27 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 24 Apr 2010
My Cats Review the Licki Brush
by Anna Akana
My Cats Review the Licki Brush
Date submitted: 26 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 2 Feb 2017
Making A Christmas Card with 6 Cats
by Anna Akana
Making A Christmas Card with 6 Cats
Date submitted: 26 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 22 Dec 2016
My cats review wine
by Anna Akana
My cats review wine
Date submitted: 26 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 3 Oct 2016
Kitten porn: Beetle bottle feeding
by Anna Akana
Kitten porn: Beetle bottle feeding
Date submitted: 26 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 19 Sep 2016
Looking for Friends
by Anna Akana
Looking for Friends
Date submitted: 26 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 22 Jun 2015
ALL FEMALE CAST
by Anna Akana
ALL FEMALE CAST
Date submitted: 26 Jun 2017 YouTube date: 18 Jun 2015
Gateway Pundit to Discuss Next Steps and Legal Options After Senate Periodical Press Gallery Stunt
Senate Press Gallery Blocks Another Prominent Pro-Trump Website from Access–
And didn't have the decency to notify Gateway Pundit before a committee member blabbed it to the liberal media.
As TGP previously reported, on Monday, June 12th 2017, The Gateway Pundit's founder and EIC Jim Hoft along with D.C. Correspondent Lucian Wintrich and Media and Ethics Lawyer, Charles Glasser, counsel to Gateway Pundit, met before the Senate Press Gallery Executive Committee.
We argued the implications and the necessity for alternative voices in the room – voices that aren't financed by special interests – but voices that are a specific and genuine reflection of the voices of America and every day Americans.
The Gateway Pundit was one of the largest and most vocal pro-Trump websites before the November election.
We later received a call from a liberal reporter that we did not win our appeal. The committee's decision was leaked to the far left Daily Beast.
We have yet to receive a call or email from the committee. (As of 12 AM Tuesday we have still not been notified of the committee's decision.)
On Monday evening at 7:25 PM the Daily Beast released their report.
You can read their report here.
We went into the hearing on Monday with good faith and with the expectation that we would be treated fairly and that the committee would listen to our arguments.
But we were told by Lloyd Grove at The Daily Beast that the committee rejected our appeal the minute we left the room.
The committee could not block our access due to our funding like they did with other news organizations. They accused us not reporting enough original content. Have they even read their own websites?
Our readers would take offense to that.
The Gateway Pundit has over 15 million pages views a month.
Has over 14 million unique visits.
The Gateway Pundit is listed in the top 10 of most commented websites,
The Gateway Pundit breaks national stories that are regularly cited by The Drudge Report and FOX News.
The committee's arguments just don't hold water.
Update:Tonight when I saw the committee had released their decision to the Daily Beast and has yet to contact us I was furious.
This shows a level of dysfunction and maliciousness that shocked us.
I spoke with our attorney tonight and we are going to discuss legal options and next steps in the coming hours.
Have you ever wanted to look through Galileo's telescope, compare Hooke's illustrations in Micrographia to the specimens he depicted, or turn through the pages of Diderot's Encyclopédie with your own hands? Or to see a first edition of Vesalius' On the Fabric of the Human Body, Descartes' Discourse on Method, and Franklin's Experiments and Observations on Electricity, preferably without having to travel from library to library? Within the Huntington Library's exhibition, Beautiful Science: Ideas that Changed the World, these and many more objects are on view and clamor for your attention. Opening in 2008, the exhibition is beautifully in tune with the recent resurgent interest in Enlightenment and Romantic science, most notably with the success of Richard Holmes' The Age of Wonder. I recently visited Beautiful Science for a tour with its curator, Daniel Lewis, as a student of the California Rare Book School. I later interviewed Lewis about the curatorial choices facing him in developing Beautiful Science and his goals for the exhibition. Below is an edited version of our emailed conversation.
Beautiful Science grew out of an enormous donation of the “Burndy Library,” 67,000 volumes of books and manuscripts from the Dibner family, which then drove you back to the Huntington's own history of science collection. What was the shape of that collection?
The Huntington's history of science collections, as they existed before the arrival of the Burndy, were substantial. A small handful of items is on display in the “New Worlds” section of the Main Library Exhibit Hall, but there was nothing like a public history of science exhibit presence before the arrival of the Burndy collection from the Dibner family. Enlightenment science, however, was certainly of great interest in the research side of things at the Huntington. We are one of the world's great repositories for early modern British history, and the history of science, medicine and technology has been an important aspect of scholarly investigations for at least a quarter-century.
There's a real emphasis in the exhibition on engaging the senses – visitors are invited to look through replica microscopes, reenact experiments with light, and open stoppers to sniff medicinal herbs. Was there something about the material you were displaying that invited this particular approach? Was there any resistance to it?
I wanted very much to find a way for visitors to engage in a very low-level tactile fashion with the exhibit — what I call “interactive light.” I didn't want people to misunderstand the exhibit to be a science center. There's nothing for people to jump up and down on; nothing to throw or no mild electrical shocks to receive. It's a library exhibit, above all else, and almost everything in the exhibit is designed to reinforce this. But that doesn't mean we didn't want to engage people with the olfactory, the tactile, and the experiential.
Speaking of the exhibit's tactile quality, you have on display an original volume of Diderot's Encyclopédie, which visitors can sit down and page through at their leisure – a truly rare event! How in the world did that happen?
One of the most common requests I get when doing show-and-tells for visitors and potential donors, is, “Can I touch that?” The answer is usually no — but I wanted people in an exhibit setting to understand what old paper felt like — its long fibers, its soft, pliable nature, its smell, and any other characteristic that people wanted to investigate (non-destructively!). So I located an eighteenth century work — old enough to be made from old cotton rags, rather than more modern wood-pulp paper — that was very common. Diderot's Encyclopédie was printed in large numbers, and we have three pristine sets — and I thought it an appropriate use for the work to be put on public display.
Do you see Beautiful Science as intervening, or taking a stand, in any particular curatorial or pedagogical disputes? What do you think the public duty of an institution like the Huntington ought to be in the communication or preservation of ideas?
In some ways, Beautiful Science is a love letter to beauty and science. It doesn't particularly critique the very numerous things that science has not done well, or scientific knowledge that has been submerged for various reasons, nor does it make comment on, say, the horrors of modern warfare that science has made possible. But that kind of critique wasn't my goal for the exhibit. The goal really was to show the different ways that science could be beautiful, simply put. I think if I took any obvious pedagogical stance, it's that there's an immediacy to original library materials that can't be replaced by the digital or the analog facsimile, and that to be in the presence of books is to see the power of big ideas that can be widely distributed over space and time.
You mentioned during my visit that an exhibition catalogue is in the works. What particular considerations does the catalogue require?
I've been creating the catalog as a superset of the exhibit — it has the same major themes and subthemes, but I've stretched my legs a bit to show other items in the catalog for which there was no physical room in the brick-and-mortar exhibit. The catalog will also contain considerably more text. Books are different creatures than exhibits, as there are no time constraints on a “visit” to a printed catalog in the way there usually are in an exhibit setting.
The exhibition's rooms each have their own theme: astronomy, light, medicine, and natural history. If you were to add a fifth room, what area would you pick? Are there some alchemy and chemistry holdings in the wings?
I'd have a room full of dusty computers. NOT! I suppose I'd like to have a section on civil and military engineering — both great strengths of ours. Applied science is a beautiful thing.
It struck me when I visited that Beautiful Science was remarkably accessible – that it would be equally appealing to school kids, folks seeking shade while wandering the Huntington grounds, and eighteenth-century enthusiasts. How did you go about striking a balance?
I stared at my computer screen until beads of blood appeared on my forehead. Writing label text that's sufficiently brief, not overly self-involved or navel-gazing, accurate, accessible, and reasonably eloquent is a very difficult task. I'm probably most proud of the text in the exhibit; I conceived and wrote it all myself.
What would you say is the importance of remembering the outmoded ideas on display — the models of the universe we know are incorrect, the animals we know don't exist (I'm looking at you, manticore)?
I think those things reinforce an idea that I make explicit on my title wall text as you walk into the exhibit: that we're on an unknown arc into the future, and that our ideas about the physical world are likely to change, be stood on their head, and then change again.
Are there any particular items that the eighteenth century enthusiasts should be on the lookout for?
Sure, plenty. I suppose my favorites are the early notions of transmutation or fixity of species — the concept that we live in an evolving natural world was actually more widely considered than people give early natural philosophers credit for. But you do have to reach further back before that period to get a more modern view, ironically.
A silly question, but if you were to choose a single favorite historical item on display, what would it be?
That's a tough one, akin to “which of your children do you love the best?” Three leading candidates: Gersdorff's 1517 Fieldbook of Wound Surgery¸for its dramatic and bloody renderings of medical assistance; or Darwin's 1859 On the Origin of Species, for its world-changing views of nature; or the early nineteenth century French natural history manuscript — untitled — by a trio of French illustrators about whom very little is known. The illustrations are absolutely breathtaking.
Daniel Lewis is the Chief Curator of Manuscripts and the Dibner Senior Curator of the History of Science and Technology, at the Huntington Library in San Marino, California. He is also a Research Associate Professor of History at Claremont Graduate University and a faculty member at the California Rare Book School.
Further Reading:
Benedict, Barbara. Curiosity: A Cultural History of Early Modern Inquiry. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2002.
Blom, Philipp. Enlightening the World: Encyclopedia, The Book That Changed the Course of History. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2005.
Dolnick, Edward. The Clockwork Universe: Isaac Newton, the Royal Society, and the Birth of the Modern World. New York: Harper Collins, 2011.
Dugatkin, Lee Alan. Mr. Jefferson and the Giant Moose: Natural History in Early America. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2009.
Hamblyn, Richard. The Invention of Clouds: How an Amateur Meteorologist Forged the Language of the Skies. New York: Picador, 2001.
Holmes, Richard. The Age of Wonder. New York: Vintage Books, 2008.
Hoskin, Michael. Discoverers of the Universe: William and Caroline Herschel. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2011.
Jardine, Lisa. Ingenious Pursuits: Building the Scientific Revolution. New York: Random House, 1999.
Moore, Wendy. The Knife Man: Blood, Body Snatching, and the Birth of Modern Surgery. New York: Broadway Books, 2005.
Porter, Roy. The Greatest Benefit to Mankind: A Medical History of Humanity. New York: Norton Books, 1999.
Ridley, Glynis. The Discovery of Jeanne Baret: A Story of Science, the High Seas, and the First Woman to Circumnavigate the Globe. New York: Random House, 2010.
Shank, J.B. The Newton Wars and the Beginning of the French Enlightenment. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2008.
Shapin, Steven and Simon Schaffer. Leviathan and the Air-Pump: Hobbes, Boyle, and the Experimental Life. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2011 [1985].
Stalnaker, Joanna. The Unfinished Enlightenment: Description in the Age of the Encyclopedia. Ithaca: Cornell University Press, 2010.
Stott, Rebecca. Darwin's Ghosts: The Secret History of Evolution. New York: Spiegel and Grau, 2012.
Withers, Charles W.J. Placing the Enlightenment: Thinking Geographically about the Age of Reason. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2007.
Image copyright AP Image caption Michael Jackson's mother, Katherine, had hoped for a retrial against AEG Live, but lost her bid in January
Michael Jackson's mother has been ordered by a US court to pay AEG Live $800,000 (£480,000) for costs defending the failed negligence case she brought against the concert promoter.
The company was cleared of liability over the 2009 death of the pop star in a five-month trial last October.
AEG Live had sought $1.2m (£720,000) to cover costs, but Katherine Jackson's lawyers claimed it was not justified.
Both parties agreed not to challenge the court's decision, but may appeal.
The exact amount to be paid is expected to be finalised after AEG Live submits an amended list of its costs for items such as court filing fees and travel.
Image copyright AP Image caption AEG Live were the promoters of Michael Jackson's This Is It comeback shows, and hired Conrad Murray to be his personal doctor for the duration
AEG Live's lawyer Marvin Putnam said the court did the right thing "by ordering Katherine Jackson to pay nearly $1m (£600,000) spent in having to defend a matter that she should have never brought in the first place".
Mrs Jackson's lawyer Kevin Boyle said the costs would be borne by her and the singer's three children, all of whom are supported by his estate.
Mr Boyle added a decision on whether to appeal against the order would be made after AEG Live's costs were finalised.
The Jackson family sued the company in 2010 claiming it negligently hired and supervised cardiologist Conrad Murray, who gave the singer a lethal dose of the anaesthetic propofol as a sleep aid during his planned comeback tour.
However, a jury concluded the doctor was not unfit or incompetent to do his job and so AEG Live had not been negligent in hiring him.
Murray - who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter for administering the drug - was released from jail last October.
Thursday was a bloody day for employment at one Indianapolis-based Izod IndyCar Series team, and it came on the heels of staff reductions elsewhere this week.
KV Racing Technology, which at this point will go from being a three-car team this year to having just one car in 2013, released more than two dozen employees, including a pair of racing's stalwarts, general manager Mark Johnson and team manager Tom Wurtz.
Johnson is said to be heading to Dragon Racing, but Wurtz and the rest of the former KV staff members don't presently have leads. Jobs will be difficult to come by in the coming months as IndyCar won't race again until late March. The schedule will be announced Sunday night on Speed's Wind Tunnel program (9 p.m. ET).
The KV slashing is rooted in the expected departures of Rubens Barrichello and EJ Viso. The team does not have sponsorship contracts to replace the drivers. Tony Kanaan's program will remain.
Other IndyCar teams are more in the cost-savings mode. Panther Racing and Ganassi Racing were among those laying off non-essential personnel. But many of those people will be hired back in January as season preparations ramp up.
Kanaan wound up ninth in the points this season. He had said recently the team was burdened by high expectations.
"It's easy to get the right people in place, but then you've got to make all those people communicate well and work well together," he said. "We are not Penske yet, and we are not Ganassi yet."
Contributing: The Associated Press
Melbourne resident Mr Yossi Beklermaszyn points to a picture of himself taken at the Buchenwald concentration camp one month after liberation in June 1945. Guides at the Melbourne Holocaust Museum include such survivors and also others who can point to photos and memorabilia of close relatives on display in the museum. Australian Jews and the Holocaust
The Australian Jewish Community has the highest number of Holocaust survivors in the Diaspora. There are many personal links to that era. Within the community there are societies of Children of the Holocaust, those rare people who managed to survive as children the dreadful years in Europe.
Because of the make-up of the Australian Jewish community, the Holocaust looms large.
LEO ROSNER 26-6-1918 --10-10-2008
One of many survivors within the Jewish Community of Melbourne was the musician Mr Leo Rosner, who played mostly on his personalised accordian at so many family celebrations in Melbourne for over forty years. Almost up to his death in 2008 he was a volunteer guide at the Melbourne Holocaust Museum.
During World War II, Leo and his wife Helen were among more than 1200 Jews saved from near certain death through being placed on the "list" of employees of Oscar Schindlers factory. In the epilogue to the film Schindler's List he can be seen placing a stone on Oscar Schindler's grave in East Jerusalem, walking stride by stride with the actor who played his role.
Leo died in 2008, aged 90 years, mourned by his wife Helen, his two daughters, six grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. Underground School Kovno Ghetto
When the Jewish Community Council of Victoria remembered the Holocaust on Yom Hashoa Day 2009, it issued flyer announcing the memorial service based on this picture taken in the underground school in the Kovno Ghetto, in Lithuania. The theme of the service was "glimmers of hope" and indeed there were. The teacher in the photo, Shmuel Rosenthal survived the war -- and though it is believed all the children in the picture were murdered -- Mr Rosenthal's own daughter, Rona, survived, and is living in Melbourne. Ron was born in the ghetto when such births were by Nazi dictates rendered "Illegal", and as a very tiny baby, was drugged so that she could not scream, wrapped up as a small package, and smuggled out of the ghetto to a willing aryan foster mother. Rona, a volunteer guide at Melbourne Holocaust Museum, has two children and two grandchildren, all living in Australia.
Glimmer indeed. One estimate is of 5,400 children in the ghetto, of whom a little more than 200 survived. An account of two such child survivors is given here. References for the Kovno Ghetto are to be found in this annotated listing. Australian Knowledge of the Holocaust
During WW2 knowledge of the ongoing holocaust in Europe was rather minimal.
Australian troops did not participate in the liberation of Europe in WW2 except in a token, symbolic role. However it is noteable that Alan Moore, official Australian War Artist was present at the liberation by British troops of the Bergen Belsen Concentration Camp on 15 April 1945. Australia as a Sanctuary for Holocaust Refugees
At the Evian Conference, July 6-15, 1938, Australia agreed to accept 15,000 Jewish Refugees. At this date only Germany viewed as refugee source. On September 3, 1939 World War II starts, and escape became impossible, so few admitted under this scheme. Nevertheless, the Australian offer more generous than that of other countries. In total, 1933-1940 8,586 Jewish refugees known to AJWS came. (Excludes the approx 2000 Jewish "enemy aliens" on the Duneera).
In all, Australia, which had before WW2 about 30,000 Jews, admitted 35,000 jewish migrants from 1938 to 1961. These "New Australians" comprised a mix of holocaust survivors, refugees from Arab countries, and those who had taken temporary refuge in such places as Shanghai.
New Zealand admitted very few Holocaust Refugees
From 1933 to the start of World War II, about 1,000 Jewish refugees from Central Europe settled in New Zealand. There were negligible numbers of Jewish immigrants in the immediate post-War years. RESETTLEMENT OF HOLOCAUST REFUGEES/SURVIVORS BY COUNTRY Australia 1933-39 7,000 1940 1,500 1945-54 17,000 1954-61 10,000 Israel 1945-48 250,000 1948+ 150,000 USA 1945-52 80,000 Canada 1945-48 8,000 1948-55 40,000 UK 1945-55 2,000 South Africa 1945-55 1,500 New Zealand 1933-45 1,000 1945+ <300 Notes: Australia, with its modest pre-WW2 Jewish population, was a haven for more than 35,000 holocaust refugees. Only Israel gained a greater percentage of Holocaust survivors.
The 1,500 that reached Australia in 1940 were the internees on the Duneera.
Historian Dr Ann Beaglehole reported (July 2007) with regard to New Zealand as a haven for holocaust survivors: "about 120 permits were issued in the immediate post-war years. About 200 more permits issued by 1948  but not clear if these were part of NZs displaced persons quota or in addition to it.
The figure for Israel 1945-48 includes the "illegal immigrants" deported from "Palestine" to Cyprus by the British; 28,000 of these were held in camps on Cyprus in May 1948. Release from Cyprus internment was slow especially for men of "military age" despite the end of the mandate; not until February 1949 were all returned to Israel. Other Resources
Jewish Holocaust Museum and Research Centre Melbourne collects oral testimony and also publishes memoirs of the Holocaust.
here is one story, without a direct Australian link, of one wonderful child who did not survive, but whose memory and name lives on in space.
The story of Peter Ginz, the schoolboy SF artist of Terezin concentration camp who drew most wondrous views of other worlds. © H. A. Cohen 2010
From Linus Torvalds <> Date Tue, 15 Aug 2017 19:21:16 -0700 Subject Re: [GIT] Networking On Tue, Aug 15, 2017 at 5:52 PM, David Miller <davem@davemloft.net> wrote:
>
> dingtianhong (4):
> PCI: Disable PCIe Relaxed Ordering if unsupported
> PCI: Disable Relaxed Ordering for some Intel processors
> PCI: Disable Relaxed Ordering Attributes for AMD A1100
> PCI: fix oops when try to find Root Port for a PCI device
I would *really* have liked to see an ack on these from Bjorn Helgaas.
Was he even cc'd?
And while singling those commits out, I would also really have liked
to see an actual name there.
The name exists in the sign-off chain:
Signed-off-by: Ding Tianhong <dingtianhong@huawei.com>
but for some reason not in the actual commit author data, where it's
just "dingtianhong".
Pulled, but slightly unhappy.
Linus
THE husband of a mum who died as a lift chopped her in half moments after giving birth has spoken of his heartbreak.
Rocio Cortes Nunez, 26, was killed as she was being transported between floors in the Virgen de Valme Hospital in Seville, Spain, on Sunday. The mum-of-two, of Dos Hermanas near Seville, was being carried to the maternity unit on a stretcher shortly after a C-section – with her new baby daughter in her arms – when tragedy struck. The lift is understood to have started moving upwards before the stretcher was fully inside after a suspected mechanical failure with the automatic lift door. Now heartbroken husband, waiter Jose Gaspar, has spoken out as images emerge of his late wife.
FACEBOOK HORROR: Rocio Cortes Nunez was sliced in half by a lift at a hospital in Seville
“This cannot go unpunished” David Gaspar The husband-of-four-years told ABC: "This cannot end like this. "This time it has been Rocio but tomorrow it could be another person. I'm a total wreck." Rocio's mum, Carmen, added: "My heart missed a beat. I asked after my daughter but no-one was telling me anything. "She had given birth at 11 in the morning so I went to the information desk. "They told me there a young girl had died and then confirmed it was my daughter. What a cruel death she's suffered."
GOOGLE SCENE: The Virgen de Valme Hospital Seville
Local reports say she was literally divided into two in the horrific accident, around 2.30pm. Police and firefighters rushed to the scene along with duty medics but could nothing to save her life. Firefighters took two hours to reach her mauled body after her head was trapped between the lift frame and roof as it started moving upwards and her feet left dangling in the lift shaft. Her devoted family said they would be calling for "heads to roll". Brother-in-law David Gaspar said: "It's incredible. We still can't believe what's happened.
FACEBOOK HEARTBREAK: Rocio had just given birth to her daughter before her death
"Something has to happen. "This cannot go unpunished." Relatives said a hospital porter had gone to change lifts after the door opened and closed twice without anything happening. The started moving upwards before he was able to pull the stretcher with Rocio on it to safety. Regional health minister Marina Alvarez called the accident "quick, unusual and tragic" as she said the lift had undergone checks on August 12 and announced an immediate investigation.
Acid attacks: The HORRIFYING injuries caused by this vile, cowardly weapon The UK has seen a disturbing rise in the use of acid as a weapon. Traditionally used by men on women, this weapon is now being used by gangs in assaults and muggings. 1 / 14 SWNS.com Andreas Christopheros from Truro was sprayed with acid in a horrifying case of mistaken identity
