The joint Inspector General/Office of Professional Responsibility report looking into the December 6, 2006 decision to fire a group of U.S. Attorneys is set to be released on Monday morning, according to sources inside and close to the Justice Department. The credibility of public statements and Congressional testimony of former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales figures at the heart of the report. No word yet on the conclusions that have been reached.
However, in two posts at The Atlantic, Murray Waas gives us a glimpse at the fruits of the probe and a suggestion that some parts of it have yet to wrap up. Gonzales is said to be drawing President Bush steadily deeper into the conflict. In one piece, Waas reports that the late-night hospital visit that Gonzales paid to former Attorney General John Ashcroft was, according to Gonzales's statement to investigators, directed by Bush. In a second, Gonzales reportedly states that Bush directed him to write up a summary of Gonzales's meeting with Congressional leaders—the famed “Gang of Eight.” Waas writes that investigators are focused on the serious inaccuracies in the notes that Gonzales prepared, and on the fact that the notes were written after the fact. Both of these reports suggest that Gonzales and his lawyers are bracing for more bad news next week.
Art by Donato Giancola
There's an amusing running joke in The Tough Guide to Fantasyland, Diana Wynne Jones' faux-encyclopedia/travel guide to fantasy tropes: the entry for “BATH” warns travelers to “take care, however. Baths are the occasion for SEX with one of more of your FELLOW TRAVELERS. No matter how irritating you have found her/him up to then, after or during the Bath you will find her/him irresistible. It is probably something in the WATER.” Later entries for SEX and VIRGIN include a note to “see also BATH.” Travel through the fantasy genre itself, and you'll find that often sex has been reduced to little more than a tired, predictable cliché, usually at the expense of the fairer sex. Female characters are routinely raped in the name of “character development.” Or femme fatales use their wiles to manipulate men. That's assuming readers even get the female perspective; as with the erotically charged “bath”, sex in fantasy may serve as little more than a foregone conclusion for the male hero's relationship arc, at which point the action “fades to black” and whatever happens after seems to be of no import.
Then there's Jacqueline Carey's epic fantasy Kushiel's Dart, which is about sex from the cover: a topless woman artfully concealing her nakedness while showing off the inked marque that represents her indentured servitude and her service to the goddess of pleasure. It's about sex from page 1, in which Phèdre nó Delaunay, “a whore's unwanted get,” is sold into bondage in the Court of Night-Blooming Flowers, facing a similar, if tedious, future as just another warm body in a brothel. It's still about sex 700 pages later, when Phèdre, now a famous courtesan, channels the goddess Naamah by offering up her body to foreign rulers to avert war. But Kushiel's Dart rises above other entries in the genre by first demystifying sex and then tapping into the nuances of the act and how it affects the characters' every other action: celebrations, murders, alliances, battles, and victories.
In Terre d'Ange, sex is simultaneously no big deal and the biggest deal. Seeking out and enjoying pleasure is so ingrained in society that a visit to the Night Court provokes little more than good-natured jabs. Courtesans are among the most revered members of society because what they do is literally a sacred act. And whether you're lying with your life partner or a partner for a night, very little is taboo.
I like to describe Terre d'Ange as the trifecta of non-heteronormativity: queer, kinky, and nonmonogamous. Sexual orientation in Phèdre's world is neither demonized nor agonized over; D'Angelines love who they love, and most seem to be bisexual, though there are certainly those who prefer one gender over the other. Not everyone in the series is into BDSM, but considering this is from Phèdre's point of view, we meet a lot of doms. In keeping with the kingdom's founding precept of “love as thou wilt,” many D'Angelines seem to be open to the notion of multiple partners at any given time; each couple, it would seem, have their own definitions of commitment, from a closed marriage to multiple situational “friends with benefits” arrangements.
The book is not saying that everyone should embody all three of these qualities; it simply offers them up as options.
Despite how much sex pervades D'Angeline culture, Kushiel's Dart is not what the fanfiction community has termed a Porn Without Plot (PWP). First and foremost, the series is about the descendants of angels/gods playing out their mortal games while fielding occasional interference from the angels who founded their land. Those human concerns center on the game of thrones, the interplay between courtly intrigue and clever spycraft. And Anafiel Delaunay hits upon the idea of training young courtesans, with their foundation of social etiquette and capacity for learning, in the covert arts and self-defense. By arming them with knowledge to dissemble and manipulate their patrons, as well as the ability to defend themselves should situations go awry, Delaunay molds Phèdre and her foster-brother Alcuin into spies, gathering intel on the peers of the realm during their assignations. It's kind of genius, actually—in a society as sexualized as Terre d'Ange, it's the equivalent of hiding in plain sight.
Political intrigue, fancy feasts, sumptuous balls, wars, godly interference… What's brilliant about Kushiel's Dart is that it doesn't stray too far from these traditional fantasy tropes; Carey simply imbues those tropes with a sexual dimension. Consider how fantasy is full of mortals suffering through well-intentioned gifts from the gods, fairies, or prophecies; think of Ella Enchanted's eponymous heroine, unable to fight her compulsion to follow orders, or Chosen One Harry Potter, whose mighty reputation not only precedes him but actively trips him up in almost every single interaction. Why should Phèdre's case be any different? Her inconveniences are just more titillating, like when a tattoo session leaves her writhing on the table in bliss from the sharp needles. Or how she occasionally hears the beating of bronze wings, an indicator that her god Kushiel has turned his fierce, masked gaze on her, his anguisette.
But once sex is introduced, it colors how a character, how a piece of work, is perceived. With this emphasis in everything from the worldbuilding to the major plot, er, climaxes, Kushiel's Dart often gets unfairly lumped into romance, with Phèdre uncharitably written off as a shallow erotic fantasy of total submission. When sex is seemingly the most important thing, or at least the most obvious thing, about a woman, it runs the risk of stripping her down to a one-dimensional being, a stock character to be easily categorized and managed. The thing is, Phèdre is a fantasy—she's the fantasy of a woman who can be a sexual being and still be more than that.
Phèdre can enjoy the hell out of sex without being a slut. Her affinity for being whipped has no bearing on her ability to master foreign tongues. During an assignation, she can tremble with the humiliation of enjoying being depraved, but during a diplomatic meeting she can look her fellow ambassador in the eyes unflinching, and these things are not mutually exclusive. What Phèdre does in the bedchamber does not have any bearing on her competency in a nonsexual setting.
Now, to be clear, Phèdre's bedroom romps do have quite a bit of bearing on the plot itself. Her assignations both yield the information Delaunay desires while also putting her into a number of harrowing situations where she's helpless at the hands of people who would have little difficulty staging a murder in the form of an especially rough session taken too far. And let's not forget the latter portion of Dart that can be summed up as “Phèdre's magical vagina rallies the troops to her side.” While she later matures into a more nuanced ambassador, her early days of negotiating do involve a fair amount of physical follow-through.
Yet before you go shouting “Mary Sue!”, Phèdre's position as Kushiel's earthly tool keeps her from being impossibly perfect and getting everything she wants. Pricked as she is by Kushiel's Dart, she's often at the mercy—in a very unsexy, not-fun way—of whatever master plan the gods have not seen fit to let her in on. And despite her beauty and fast-healing skin that make her such an ideal anguisette, there's also no small measure of arrogance; barely out of her teens in Dart, Phèdre regularly overestimates her ability to get out of thorny situations. And sometimes she's just a complete idiot in love, utterly failing Delaunay's training by letting the sex get the better of the spying.
Think of your favorite hero/nemesis matchups: Batman/Joker. Sherlock Holmes/Moriarty. Professor X/Magneto. The Doctor/The Master. These pairings are distorted mirror images of one another, or they're duos who started out with the same background or powers that, if not for a key point of divergence, might have ended up on the same side. Phèdre and Melisande Shahrizai are no different: both clever, sharp-witted, with a love of covertcy and, yes, sex. Both are touched by Kushiel, but in inverse ways: Where Phèdre was “blessed” with an anguisette's capacity for submission, House Shahrizai are scions of Kushiel, both nature and nurture making them doms with a sadistic streak.
You know what makes these two such a compelling pair? You guessed it—the sexual tension. Fans will joke about 'shipping these other heroes and nemeses, scrutinizing their interactions for any possible shred of subtext. Phèdre/Melisande is supertext, baby.
While Alcuin gets his fair share of intel from the bedchambers of D'Angelines, Phèdre is Delaunay's greatest triumph. If not for the red mote in her eye, Delaunay wouldn't have plucked her out of obscurity. Because not only did he see a courtesan-spy in the making, but he also saw the subterfuge in her submission. Her patrons believe that she will be so distracted by the interweaving of pain and pleasure that they will have complete control over her, from the moment she steps through their doors to the moment they release her. Instead, they are the ones distracted, failing to notice the gears turning in her mind even as she takes humiliating lashes of the whip and dangerous branding from a red-hot poker.
Even Melisande, even Phèdre's greatest love (well, one of them) and greatest nemesis, falls prey to this assumption that one who is submissive has no control. But there's a difference, as Phèdre's dear friend Hyacinthe points out, between submission and total surrender: “That which yields are not always weak.”
Carey normalizes all manner of queer sexualities in Kushiel's Dart, crafting an open-minded foundation within which to set this compelling tale. Would that this kind of nuanced representation be the baseline for all fantasy stories. But the most remarkable part of Phèdre's saga is that it's about a sexual woman who is continually underestimated and proves, over and over, that she is worthy of so much more.
For a limited time, get a free ebook of Kushiel's Dart by joining the Tor.com eBook Club! Offer expires July 19th at 11:59 pm, US & Canada only.
Natalie Zutter is so excited you're all picking up Kushiel's Dart. Talk courtesan-spies and sex-positive fantasy with her on Twitter!
In a CNN interview, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton dismissed Republican criticism of a trip by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, to free two American journalists held in North Korea, and said Iran's prosecution of protesters showed that the country is “afraid of its own people.”
In the interview, which will be broadcast on CNN on Sunday, Mrs. Clinton responded to harsh criticism from John Bolton, an ambassador to the United Nations during the Bush administration.
Mr. Bolton had characterized the mission to free the American journalists as “unwise.” In an opinion article published Tuesday, Mr. Bolton criticized the Obama administration for sending Mr. Clinton to Pyongyang to negotiate the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee, who had been sentenced to hard labor for allegedly illegally crossing into North Korea. “Despite decades of bipartisan U.S. rhetoric about not negotiating with terrorists for the release of hostages,” he said, “it seems that the Obama administration not only chose to negotiate, but to send a former president to do so.”
When asked about Mr. Bolton's comments, Mrs. Clinton laughed, noted that similar efforts have been carried out before by presidents and members of Congress and summed up Mr. Bolton's position as an attempt to politicize a humanitarian issue.
“If President Obama walked on water, you'd say he couldn't swim,” she said, according to Fareed Zakaria, who conducted the CNN interview.
Mr. Zakaria also asked Mrs. Clinton about “show trials” for political protesters and journalists in Iran.
“It is a sign of weakness,” Mrs. Clinton said of the trials. “It demonstrates, I think, better than any of us could ever say, that this Iranian leadership is afraid of their own people, and afraid of the truth and the facts coming out.”
Mr. Zakaria interviewed Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday in Kenya. Their discussion will be broadcast Sunday on CNN's “Fareed Zakaria GPS.”
Quote EricMusco Quote: Originally Posted by I checked in with the CM team and it sounds like in general you will see both rarities and collections costs be a bit more expected in the Club Vertica pack!
-eric
Still, this does not address the question on why this was changed without informing your customers PRIOR to the purchase. As Andy put it earlier in another thread, Deception by Omission.
I feel like I bought a Big Mac from McDonald's, like I have been doing for some time, to find no meat and only lettuce. I ask the clerk about it and they tell me they are "trying something new". How would this sit with you Eric. Would it be cool? Or would you ask to speak to the manager or request a refund? My point is, I feel as if this had happened at a brick and mortar operation, I would be able to go in and speak with someone about the fact that i feel ripped off. Instead, it feels like Bioware is hiding behind my monitor refusing to FULLY address this issue.
Why were we not notified BEFORE our purchases? And the statements made thus far fall short of remedying the problem. "In general"? A "bit"? Like they were changed a "bit" in this one? Or were these changes a "lot" and the next ones will be a "bit" less, but not what we have come to expect over the last ~2 years? Please be forthright with the information and less vague.Still, this does not address the question on why this was changed without informing your customers PRIOR to the purchase. As Andy put it earlier in another thread, Deception by Omission.I feel like I bought a Big Mac from McDonald's, like I have been doing for some time, to find no meat and only lettuce. I ask the clerk about it and they tell me they are "trying something new". How would this sit with you Eric. Would it be cool? Or would you ask to speak to the manager or request a refund? My point is, I feel as if this had happened at a brick and mortar operation, I would be able to go in and speak with someone about the fact that i feel ripped off. Instead, it feels like Bioware is hiding behind my monitor refusing to FULLY address this issue.Why were we not notified BEFORE our purchases? And the statements made thus far fall short of remedying the problem.
Hackers can claim subdomains with the help of external services. This attack is practically non-traceable, and affects at least 17 large service providers and multiple domains are affected. Find out if you are one of them by using our quick tool, or go through your DNS-entries and remove all which are active and unused OR pointing to External Services which you do not use anymore.
The team at Detectify has recently identified a serious attack vector resulting from a widespread DNS misconfiguration. The misconfiguration allows an attacker to take full control over subdomains pointing to providers such as Heroku, Github, Bitbucket, Desk, Squarespace and Shopify.
Attack Scenario
Your company starts using a new service, eg an external Support Ticketing-service. Your company points a subdomain to the Support Ticketing-service, eg support.your-domain.com Your company stops using this service but does not remove the subdomain redirection pointing to the ticketing system. Attacker signs up for the Service and claims the domain as theirs. No verification is done by the Service Provider, and the DNS-setup is already correctly setup. Attacker can now build a complete clone of the real site, add a login form, redirect the user, steal credentials (e.g. admin accounts), cookies and/or completely destroy business credibility for your company.
Three things that make this scenario dangerous
It's SUPER easy. Sign up for a new account and claim the domain. Done.
It's completely hidden. The Domain Owner won't notice. The attacker won't leave any traces for the Domain Owner. Good luck monitoring this in an IDS!
The Service Provider is unlikely to be able to fix this in a feasible way.
Now if this wasn't bad enough, imagine this scenario
A Domain Owner points their * (wildcard) DNS-entry to e.g. Heroku. They forget to add the wildcard-entry to their Heroku-app. Attacker can now claim any subdomain they want from the Domain Owner. A Domain Owner will be unaware of the subdomain being exploited.
Technical Details
This attack vector utilizes DNS entries pointing to Service Providers where the pointed subdomain is currently not in use. Depending on the DNS-entry configuration and which Service Provider it points to, some of these services will allow unverified users to claim these subdomains as their own.
In the not so rare case, the attacker can also “inherit” the Domain Owner's Wildcard SSL used inside the Service Provider.
Here's an example of a DNS entry that could be used for this attack:
If x.example.com has no service attached to it, the subdomain could be taken over by an attacker. Below are examples of how some of the services will indicate the existence of this vulnerability:
Affected Service Providers and Domain Owners
We've identified at least 17 Service Providers which do not handle the subdomain ownership verification properly – allowing this vulnerability to be exploited, Heroku, Github, Bitbucket, Squarespace, Shopify, Desk, Teamwork, Unbounce, Helpjuice, HelpScout, Pingdom, Tictail, Campaign Monitor, CargoCollective, StatusPage.io and Tumblr.
We've also identified at least 200 organizations which are currently affected. In many cases, we are talking NASDAQ-listed, top 100 Alexa rank domains that basically allowed us to set up a Hello World on their domains.
We have notified both the affected Service Providers and the Domain Owners under responsible disclosure programs.
Recommendations
Check your DNS-configuration for subdomains pointing to services not in use.
Set up your external service so it fully listens to your wildcard DNS. In Heroku's case, this means running the following command in your App: heroku domains:add *.example.com
Our advice is to keep your DNS entries constantly vetted and restricted.
Update 2017-02-20: The original article states 17 services, we have now identified 100+ different ways that you can be vulnerable to a domain takeover
Detectify's domain monitoring
Detectify domain monitoring is a service for monitoring your subdomains for potential subdomain takeovers. It monitors changes within public DNS resolvers and warns you as soon as we detect any anomalies. Contact us on hello [at] detectify.com for more information.
Notes
This build adds a few new extras. You can now use Find All References to look for all references to an animation. This can be found in the Animation Editor by right-clicking an animation. It'll close the Animation Editor and show all the references to the animation in the project. This makes it easy to find all event references to an animation. Note that when using expressions for animation names, e.g. "Animation" & number, you may get ambiguous results since Construct 3 can't know in the editor whether that would match or not.
There's now also a prompt to update when a new version is available. This won't take effect until the next update, but is useful on mobile, or when running from the desktop without the normal browser UI available to press refresh. There are also a few extra shortcuts in the Layout View context menu to quickly add a new instance variable, behavior or effect. Finally C3 now also has the same Start Page settings C2 has, so you can disable it on startup or make it automatically hide when you open something.
By By JohnThomas Didymus Apr 24, 2012 in World Pyongyang - A new study has shown that North Koreans are on average three inches shorter than South Koreans. The study attributes the observation to stunted growth from years of famine and poor diet. A new study by Professor Daniel Schwekendiek of Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul has presented statistical evidence to show there is difference in height between North and South Koreans. The professor derived his data from measurements of North Korean refugees as they crossed the border into South Korea. According to the study, North Korean men are on average between 1.2 to 3.1 inches shorter than South Korean men. The study claims that a significant difference is also seen among children. The study said: "The height gap is approximately 1.6in among pre-school boys and 1.2in among pre-school girls, and again the South Koreans would be taller. If you look at older Koreans, we now see a situation where the average South Korean woman is approaching the height of the average North Korean man. This is to my knowledge a unique situation, where women become taller than men." Schwekendiek said he has also studied data collected by the North Korean government and by international organizations working in North Korea. He claims that the data supports his findings. The study blames the stunting observed among North Koreans on famines caused by poor harvest, inefficiency of the state-run agricultural system using outdated technology since former leader Kim Sung-Il died in 1994. BBC comments: "There has been no industrialization so there are nearly medieval agricultural conditions, very low in fertilizer and very low productivity because people are so weak. It's a vicious circle and no trade with the outside world to bring food in." Reports say up to 1.5 million people have died in the famine that began in the early 1990s. Experts say that the diet of the average North Korean is very poor being low in animal products and quality grain. The diet, experts say, is lacking in fruits. BBC adds: "So their calorie intake must be very low and it's no surprise they have stunted growth. You don't see a fat North Korean except their leader." Nutritionists say poor diet in early life leads to lifelong stunting. Martin Bloem, head of nutrition at the World Food Programme, said: "Food and what happens in the first two years of life is actually critical for people's height later." The World Food Programme that has been providing food aid to the country since 1995, says: "One in every three children remains chronically malnourished or 'stunted.'" Several claims have been made that there is a marked difference in height between North and South Koreans. In an article in Slate titled, "A Nation of Racist Dwarfs," the late Christopher Hitchens had put the difference in height between North and South Koreans at about six inches. Daily Mail reports Senator McCain referred to a claim that the gap was three inches during a 2008 presidential debate.A new study by Professor Daniel Schwekendiek of Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul has presented statistical evidence to show there is difference in height between North and South Koreans. The professor derived his data from measurements of North Korean refugees as they crossed the border into South Korea. According to the study, North Korean men are on average between 1.2 to 3.1 inches shorter than South Korean men. The study claims that a significant difference is also seen among children. The study said: "The height gap is approximately 1.6in among pre-school boys and 1.2in among pre-school girls, and again the South Koreans would be taller. If you look at older Koreans, we now see a situation where the average South Korean woman is approaching the height of the average North Korean man. This is to my knowledge a unique situation, where women become taller than men." Daily Mail reports Schwekendiek said the difference in height the statistical data reveals could not be due to genetic factors because the two populations are genetically the same. Schwekendiek said: "We're dealing with the Korean people, and Korea is interesting because it basically hasn't experienced any immigration for many centuries." BBC reports Schwekendiek rejects arguments that refugees forced to cross into South Korea are the most disadvantaged and therefore most likely to be stunted. According to Schwekendiek, the refugees "come from all social strata and from all regions."Schwekendiek said he has also studied data collected by the North Korean government and by international organizations working in North Korea. He claims that the data supports his findings.The study blames the stunting observed among North Koreans on famines caused by poor harvest, inefficiency of the state-run agricultural system using outdated technology since former leader Kim Sung-Il died in 1994. BBC comments: "There has been no industrialization so there are nearly medieval agricultural conditions, very low in fertilizer and very low productivity because people are so weak. It's a vicious circle and no trade with the outside world to bring food in."Reports say up to 1.5 million people have died in the famine that began in the early 1990s. Experts say that the diet of the average North Korean is very poor being low in animal products and quality grain. The diet, experts say, is lacking in fruits.BBC adds: "So their calorie intake must be very low and it's no surprise they have stunted growth. You don't see a fat North Korean except their leader."Nutritionists say poor diet in early life leads to lifelong stunting. Martin Bloem, head of nutrition at the World Food Programme, said: "Food and what happens in the first two years of life is actually critical for people's height later."The World Food Programme that has been providing food aid to the country since 1995, says: "One in every three children remains chronically malnourished or 'stunted.'" More about North koreans, south koreans, Famine, Stunted, Shorter More news from North koreans south koreans Famine Stunted Shorter
Hey guys, I'm bawNg, the founder, developer, admin and janitor of Intoxicated Gaming.
My biggest passion has always been related to game servers, since the very first line of code I ever wrote. I've done extensive modding for a number of game engines and hosted tons of servers for over 7 years, before joining the core Oxide dev team and shifting my primary focus to Rust.
I've put in a huge amount of development time and resources into the infrastructure which powers the servers that I host for well over a year now, including the Oxide core and extensions, plugins, game modes, custom hosting platform, master back-end and website. I also have a massive amount planned for the future.
Maintaining large scale game modes for early access games requires a huge amount of time and dedicated servers are not cheap. By helping cover the hosting costs of the servers, you will allow me to spend more time working on things for the community instead of working for an income to cover the server bills, and even expand by launching new servers in the future.
On May 15, 2014, the US Patent & Trademark Office published patent applications from Apple that touch on the iPhone knowing your mood, assisting you while on holidays, understanding your biometric readings, organizing your iMessages with a better interface and advance FileMaker.
Apple's Patent-Pending Invention Relates to Determining Preferential Device Behavior
One of Apple's latest patent applications is titled "Determining Preferential Device Behavior" which covers systems, methods and computer program products for machine learning to determine preferential device behavior.
A user's device may be personalized based on observations of the user's behavior and profile classes or clusters derived from a machine learning process. The user's experience with the device is enriched because the device adapts to the specific preferences of the user and not to a category of users.
For example, a user profile may be created on the client device that may be used to personalize device settings according to, for example, the user's interests or mood. Additionally, information or content displayed, played, or otherwise presented by or on the device may be personalized to the user's interests, mood, etc.
Some examples of unsupervised learning processes include but are not limited to: clustering (e.g., k-means, mixture models, hierarchical clustering), blind signal separation using feature extraction techniques for dimensionality reduction (e.g., principal component analysis, independent component analysis, non-negative matrix factorization, singular value decomposition) and artificial neural networks (e.g., self-organizing map, adaptive resonance theory).
Example of the Machine-Learning System
In one of Apple's examples they note that through continued use of client device 104a, the client device may learn about the home region of the user. A home region is a geographic area where a user lives. It may be a neighborhood, region, city, state, country or hotel one is staying at while on vacation. The Client device, such as an iPhone, may also learn about the language being used in the home region.
When the user exits the home region (e.g., by exiting a geofence established around the user's home region), the iPhone may provide sightseeing recommendations, foreign call-roaming charges and any other information specific to the user's home region.
As soon as the user enters his home region, a wake-up alarm correlated to a previous alarm setting behavior could be suggested to the user. When sending messages to people in the home region, the client device may adapt text message language to the language spoken in the home region.
In Apple's patent FIG. 7A noted below we're able to see a block diagram of an exemplary concept learning process for user mood. In this example, a truth reference may be a perceived mood of the user.
On an iPhone, the perceived mood may be determined using facial recognition technology. For example, an image of the user's face may be captured by the camera and various facial landmarks may be analyzed using facial recognition technology to determine the user's mood.
Additionally, the iPhone may obtain the user's speech and analyze it using speech recognition technology to determine the user's mood. The analysis may occur, for example, while the user is participating on a telephone call. Another opportunity for capturing speech samples could include speaking to Siri.
Other sensors that may be included in the system include a temperature sensor, a biometric sensor, or other sensing device, to facilitate related functionalities. This sounds like it could apply to a health related application and/or device.
Perhaps this is the first of many patent applications to follow over time on this subject matter, because as a standalone application it never really reveals its full purpose, especially in how it relates to a user's mood. If the facial recognition software determines that I'm sad, is it going to get Siri to tell me a joke?
While the patent application provides various scenarios involving people at a mall, people thinking of going to a movie and a person who likes sports, it never provides you with a conclusion as it pertains to this application of determining your behavior. For instance, if I like hockey, will my iPhone lists the games playing that night? I don't know, there's no conclusion as to what the application will actually do for the sporting fan. So perhaps some of these answers will come our way in a follow-up patent filing.
For those wanting to explore this invention further, check out Apple's patent application 20140136451.
Apple wants to help you Organize your Messaging
Your iPhone can display a conversation with one or more contacts. The conversation can include messages to and from the one or more contacts. Although contact names may be displayed, it may not be immediately apparent to a user who the contacts are, and messages may be inadvertently sent to the wrong contacts. If this has ever happened to you, then Apple is working to help you out.
Apple's patent FIG. 2 noted above illustrates a GUI of a messaging application such as iMessage. The GUI can include content (#203) associated with a conversation of the messaging application. One or more contacts may be associated with the conversation, and FIG. 2 illustrates four contacts associated with the conversation.
Names (#205) of some or all of the associated contacts can be displayed in the GUI. Additionally or alternatively, one or more messages can be labeled with a contact name (#207) of the sender of a message.
The content (#203) can be displayed over a background associated with the one or more contacts of the conversation. For example, four contact images (#209, 211, 213, and 215) can each be associated with one of the contacts. Contact image #209 specifically can be a photo or other representation of a first contact of the one or more contacts, and contact image #211 can be a photo of a second contact of the one or more contacts. In some examples, the contact images can be tiled in the background, as illustrated in FIG. 2. Additionally, the size of each image can be adjusted so that all the contact images can fit on the interface. Other arrangements of the contact images are also possible.
For more on this simple invention, see patent application 20140136987.
One last mildly interesting patent application published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office possibly covers advancements being made to FileMaker regarding "Object Connections."
Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. Revelations found in patent applications shouldn't be interpreted as rumor or fast-tracked according to rumor timetables. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Comments are reviewed daily from 4am to 8pm MST and sporadically over the weekend.
Eddie (Fort Worth)
Is Tiger ever going to be the same golfer? Bill Simmons (1:16 PM)
To me, that's a much bigger question than "Where is LeBron going?" Tiger's comeback is going to be the most fascinating running sports story of my lifetime. I really believe that. We only get a handful of truly transcendent athletes per lifetime, he's one of them, and yet, none of them have ever been tested this way.
The only thing that comes close: When Ali returned from 4 years of boxing exile for refusing to serve in Vietnam. (A commenter, who is apparently older than 12, is quizzical.)
An ESPN chat broke out today, and the eventual return to competitive golf of Tiger Woods was discussed. And, as a result, Clio, Muse Of History, gulps 15 'ludes with a fifth of Virginia Gentleman, ties an anvil to her neck, and hurls herself into the Aegean Sea."Really Bill? Ali coming back to win the title after being banned from the sport for religious convictions that prevented him from serving in a war that continues to effect the course of American history today, "comes close" to Tiger missing 5 months for a cavalcade of bimbos and a staged sex rehab?(Which is followed by this, in which actual history has its viscera removed with a melon-baller.)
"S: Here's the big difference though: Everyone was rooting for Ali. He never came even 10% close to facing the scrutiny, vitriol and 24/7 news cycle microscope that Tiger will face."
"Everyone" was rooting for Ali? The FBI certainly wasn't. Federal prosecutors certainly weren't. For that matter, the federal government in toto wasn't too fond of him. Various factions of the Nation Of Islam were dubious at best. He was virtually broke. Half the country thought he should be doing roadwork in a cellblock at Leavenworth because he was a draft dodger, and too many people thought he should have been locked up simply for being a black man who was ungrateful for the blessings of white America. As some of you may recall, the Vietnam War and its attendant traumas were a fairly divisive period in our history, and were well beyond the moment when the helicopters lifted off from the roof of the embassy.
(And, later, he's still digging. Notice how the goalposts have begun to move.)
S: You don't know your Ali history. it's true that White America was against him in the mid-60's, but that shifted as America turned against Vietnam. By the time of the Ali-Frazier fight, Frazier was the "old guard" rep and Ali was the "new guard" rep. He had everyone under 35 rooting for him.
We are now up to "everyone under 35," which is also not true, and is completely irrelevant to the original discussion. Having the support of a bunch of young lefties is comforting, but it doesn't make up for losing your livelihood and having the Feds on your case, even if popular support generally for the war has crumbled, and it certainly isn't equivalent to being embarrassed by tabloid television while you stalk the halls of your mansion, waiting to go out and swing a golf club again. There is a profound difference between being a potential punchline and being an potential inmate. And ambivalence about Ali survived the end of the war. If it hadn't, Sylvester Stallone never would have had a movie career.This isn't hard. This not stuff you have to have lived through. This is stuff you can find out by, you know, reading, which is said to be fundamental. Let us be kind and suggest that young Bill perhaps is unread on the subject of The Sixties, possibly becausewas not set in that era.And, not for nothing, but "cavalcade of bimbos" deserves a shout.
“The flag belongs in a museum, not on our streets.” This is the sound bite du jour in current American politics, with Barack Obama and Jeb Bush among others all claiming in the wake of the Charleston massacre that the Confederate Flag, which flies on the grounds of the South Carolina State House, should be taken down and transferred to a heritage institution in order to remove it from the contemporary and cement it in the past where it belongs. I have however seen several media responses to this that claim the flag has no right to such reverential treatment; that the flag does not belong within the collections let alone on display within a museum.
This of course is not true, a museum collection's objects are deemed “worthy” by the assertion that people can learn from them, not through a perceived affiliation with “good or bad.” As a compassionate and humane individual living in Glasgow, I am all too often sickened by the banner-waving fanfare of the Orange Order. Yet should a time hopefully come when their antiquated iconography can be retired, it is imperative that some of it should be sent to a museum where it can help teach the values of an inclusive society through addressing the uglier elements of the past. The Confederate Flag should now serve a similar purpose.
Most of the objections to the suggested accession of the flag by a South Carolina museum tend to stem from the view that its display would entail some form of celebratory act, and that by accepting it as physical heritage, the ideology it represents will become “accepted” heritage as well. The flag is not the same as other morally dubious historical artefacts though; Adolf Hitler's paintings for example, which have little value as political or social history sources, nor have a relevant position in the art history canon. They have no lessons to teach, whereas the Confederate Flag does.
It cannot teach those lessons if its message is censored however, and no museum should exhibit like that anyway. Exhibiting the dark elements of human history is not an acceptance of the values of the time. The Museum of Slavery does not champion the use of a coffle through their display, nor do the jars or hair and teeth at Auchwitz endorse the atrocities that occurred there. These objects are important museum pieces because they provide a physical dimension to history that cannot ever be forgotten. Physical reminders are important for future generations to literally show them of the realities of the past, helping to instil within them a morality that will not permit similar actions in the future.
The Confederate Flag is not a new problem for museums however. Perhaps most notable is the Virginia Museum of Fine Art, which is housed at Battle Abbey, a former monument to the Confederate Movement of the American Civil War. For many years they were troubled by what to do with the great murals of Confederate General Stonewall Jackson, which they inherited along with the sight. Historical artefacts and great artworks in their own right, but bearing an explicit sentiment not in keeping with the institution or the society it is part of. Additionally, the museum came under fire from parts of its community for the decision to remove the Confederate Flag from its exterior, having flown there for 131 years. The flag, a tradition and again a historical artefact, gave the museum no option however other than censorship due to it's “connotations of white heroism and black docility.”
To fly a flag however does suggest a compliance with its message, whereas to hang the flag in a museum does not. This is why the murals at the Virginia Museum of Fine Art can be displayed, but the flag has never again been run up the pole outside. A flag flown is a triumphant thing, and throughout history has often been the greatest statement a group of people can make. In a museum however, a flag can be contextualised amongst other objects, and its history can be interpreted appropriately. It is reduced from a statement, to simply an object.
However, to reduce the Confederate Flag as such may be more challenging for example than the Nazi Swastika. While there is very little public approval of Nazism now, the Confederate Flag is still widely admired in certain areas of America, and the views that it represents are unfortunately still a problem. An article on Slate.com declares that it is too risky to even hang the flag in a museum because institutions are not yet fully nor demonstrably equipped to tackle the difficult issue of race, far less to surgically remove an active support from something like the Confederate Flag, so deeply ingrained in much of the South Carolina community.
I believe however that these are the challenges museums should be tackling head on. An institution should not exist in fear of discussing an issue because they worry doing so will shed an undeserving light on it, or spread the existence of a message that is unacceptable. Museums should be confident that through effective exhibiting they could alter that message to one of social acceptance and inclusivity. In a more peaceful future I would hope to see the Buddhas of Bamiyan in Afghanistan memorialised, and as part of that, I hope the actions of the Taliban in destroying them will be properly addressed, rather than masked to protect potentially impressionable visitors from an awareness of their extremist ideas. Here in Glasgow, if the marches of the Orange Order were to be rightly banned today, as they have been elsewhere for decades, I too would like to see their history effectively tackled by a museum despite the fact that the protestant supremacist views that they represent would remain a present concern. Taking down a flag does not fix a problem, but a well-presented discourse and education such as a museum provides, can. America has the chance to do this with the Confederate Flag now, and I hope they lead the way in doing so.
Advertisements
Hope you guys had a fun Thursday night, sorry this one's so late! There's still a lot of the day left though, so get out and do something fun! Anybody goes to the Clermont book release thing at the W? Today's list might be a little half-assed, since it's already late, and I'm still hung over. I think I got most of the cool things covered though.
Under The Couch (350 Ferst Drive) over by Tech is hosting the Electronic Music Collective at 6:30, tech students will be showing off their EDM DJ skills all night.
At 7pm, BJ Novak from The Office will be at the Atlanta History Center (130 W. Paces Ferry Road) promoting his new book. Tickets are $40 and come with a copy of the book.
Also at 7, Structures + Surfaces is opening at the Whitspec at Whitespace Gallery (814 Edgewood Ave). No entry fee, and from what I can see online the art looks really cool.
Again at 7pm, The Fratellis are playing a free acoustic set at Criminal Records (1154 Euclid Ave NE), their show at the Masq tonight is sold out so this is a great opportunity to see them. JK, the Fratellis flight was delayed and this was cancelled. They will still be at the Masquerade tonight though.
The Atlanta Contemporary Art Center (535 Means St) is screening a Lou Reed Tribute at 8pm, they're going to be showing rare early footage of the Velvet Underground, so that's probably going to be awesome, tickets are $8.
The Mammal Gallery (91 broad street SW) is holding Broad Street Bash, six local bands playing down on Broad Street, doors at 8pm, $5 cover.
If you're super into drum solos, The Wonderroot (982 Memorial Drive) is having Beat Off, 11 local drummers taking turns one-upping each other at drum solos, $5 cover.
At 10pm, the Beep Beep Gallery (696 Charles Allen Drive) is having the 34th installment of Invent Room Pop, “Six musicians are invited to play in duos and trios determined at random, with names drawn out of a hat.”
There are loads of music tonight!
(Imgur)
In addition to that,
Demi Lovato is at the Philips Arena for $$$
is at the for $$$ Binary EDM Festival is going on at The Basement (1245 Glenwood Ave SE) starting at 7:30 and going until 2am, tickets are $10.
is going on at (1245 Glenwood Ave SE) starting at 7:30 and going until 2am, tickets are $10. Rod Hamdallah (CL's 2011 best of Blues Musicians) is playing a free show at Bone Lick BBQ . Jared Swilley from Black Lips DJing afterwards.
(CL's 2011 best of Blues Musicians) is playing a free show at . Jared Swilley from Black Lips DJing afterwards. Lava Lounge has a house DJ from Amsterdam doing sets tonight up in Midtown.
has a house DJ from Amsterdam doing sets tonight up in Midtown. Opera night club (1150B Peachtree St.) has EDM DJ Borgeous at 10pm, 18+, $15 cover.
There's also all the regular Friday stuff including the Plaza's Rocky Horror Picture Show, and all the ongoing events!
Be sure to follow me on Twitter, put me in your RSS reader, follow me on Tumblr, or, sign up for the email newsletter (now on Mailchimp!), whichever one works best for you! Thanks to everyone who's upvoting/following/signing up/tumblr-ing and helping make this a success so far!
I'll be going to Criminal Records for the Fratellis, and then after that the Mammal Gallery or the Beep Beep gallery both sound like solid choices. The Hospitality show at the 529 will be great, I've been enjoying their album a lot lately, but I don't know if I want to pay a $10 cover. Emancipator at Terminal West would be enjoyable, and if I was in the area and had $10 that Lou Reed film sounds incredibly interesting.
Our trucks at the Eureka Dunes​
I'll start with my trip report and I'm sure others will share theirs.So the much awaited Thu afternoon finally arrives. The gf and I pack a few last min items and hit the highway full of excitement and anticipation of exploring DV. I've done DV once before on a sport bike but that's a very different experience than an offroading trip:After five hours or so we arrive in DV. We topped up in Olancha and filled our 8gals fuel cans. We're also carrying 9gals of water on top of the standard camping gear, food etc. Curiosity got the best of me and I made a quick stop at a Cat Scales along the way to weigh my truck. The report card is in and it says 5260lbs. Just barely within GVWR but almost 1000lbs over the listed curb weight. Onward with the pics:We were staying at PSR this evening. The temps were perfect as we enjoyed a nice dinner on the patio of the PSR restaurant. The gas was $6.50/gal here, still cheaper than many countries but we were glad we filled up in Olancha thanks to the tips from other ExPo members! We grabbed an ice cream bar for dessert and hit the bed after a nice hot shower.We left PSR at about 8AM to meet up with the rest of the gang at Wildrose campground. The gang was dlichterman (Tundra), Captm (Tacoma+Flipac) and lbrito (Rubi UL+M416). We arrived at Wildrose, said our hellos and while Captm was breaking down camp the rest of us decided to go see the Kilns which dllictherman and Captm already explored the previous day:The Kilns were nice, there's a great view of the valley from behind the Kilns. As I got back to my truck I noticed water dripping from the front bumper...then my heart jumped to my throat, oh s#^t! that's coolant. Did I put a hole in my radiator? I popped the hood and sure enough it was coolant as much as I wanted it to be the windshield wiper fluidBy this time others came up and I think everyone had that 'are you f'n serious rightnow??' look. I muttered the ugly words of realization 'welp, looks like our trip is over' and the look on my gf's face was like she just saw a ghost. I decided to let the car cool off and coast down the steep decend back to the Wildrose campground and see what we'll do. May be I limp it to Stovepipe wells where we were headed to pick up our park passes etc. Well turns out that perhaps the radiator cap is bad and not holding enough pressure. I also removed the aux lights from the bumper as they do block some air flow. Looks like we'll be able to make the trip nursing the truck by turning on the heater full-blast as soon as the ScanGuage tells me the water temp is going north of 197deg. A few times even with the heater on full blast the water temps stayed at 202degs but we didn't have the boil-over like at the Kilns.On the way to Stovepipe we took a detour to:Next we picked up our passes at Stovepipe, then headed over to the dunes just about a mile or so up the street for a quick lunch. At lunch we realized we made a pretty good time and decided to do Titus Canyon on Fri instead of Sat and this way those that were heading home Sun could also see the Eureka Dunes and then we'll all head home together instead of Mon. Perfect! So we ran over to Beatty to top up. I picked up a gal of coolant just to be on the safe side and then it was Titus Canyon.We saw a Prius along the way which was begging for mercy- I'm all for exploring and I think Titus Canyon is very doable in just about anything with a bit of ground clearance and the right tires but the media is full of proof how some people get in over their heads, some live to tell about it and unfortunately some don't.After Titus Canyon we headed over to the Mesquite campground for the night. We made camp, dinner, built a fire, watched the stars, roasted cinnabons and went to bed. The next morning wolverine350 found us (thanks to dlitcherman's spotwalla tracking and some good CSI work by wolverine350). I realized how over the years I've met so many people here on ExPo and everyone without exception has been so friendly, helpful and this group was no different. We instantly felt like we knew eachother for a long time, some ribbing, some jokes, some 'my truck's better than yours' but always respectful.
The Sentinel believes in free trade, emphasis on the word “free,” but we don't back fast track authority for TAA, TPP, TISA or TTIP because we don't know what's in them and we have a president who has proven to be untrustworthy. TPP was written by 600 corporations and that is also concerning.
It's hard to trust a president who does not tell the truth, does not follow the Constitution, backs anarchists, communists, and socialists in Ferguson and elsewhere as they demonize police, spends wildly and uncontrollably, and has abandoned our allies to support an Islamist takeover in the Middle East while negotiating a deal with the terrorist nation of Iran.
Mark Levin wants to know why the Republicans are supporting Barack Obama in the trade deal when Obama is destroying our way of life. In the end, Republicans who are opposed to the trade deal are reacting to the fact that it is Barack Obama who would have the authority and people don't trust him.
Republicans supporting Obamatrade are giving their constituency the impression that they only care about getting reelected and are more loyal to their corporate sponsors than the average voter. Sen. Sessions believes they just like any trade deal.
Mark Levin wants to know:
Why do the Republicans time and again persist on assisting an agenda that is both diabolical and destructive? Why did they give Obama the budget he wanted? Why did they stop fighting on unconstitutional executive amnesty? Why did they surrender the treaty provision of the Constitution? Why did they surrender the power of the purse provision of the Constitution? And why now do they seek to give this man, this man who is violating our Constitution, this man who is destroying our way of life, fast track authority?
Many of the Republicans who are pushing this thing did not read it, including some of the GOP candidates. These bills are thousands of pages long and we the people will have to live under them and pay out whatever fines or taxes they require. We are the ones who will be subject to court cases or imprisonment if we don't follow these agreements which are being kept secret from us.
Levin said much the same thing:
“You cannot continue to keep from the people these massive pieces of legislation, these laws under which we're required to live, under penalty of taxes, under penalty of fines, under penalty of imprisonment, and not allow us an opportunity to even know what is in them.”
Levin supports free trade as do most Republicans but he believes we have the right to know what is in it and Republicans should be fighting for our right to know.
“This is not going to create jobs, this is not going to level any playing field. And we the people, more than anything else, we have a right to know what's in this law.”
It's not business as usual but our representatives in Congress think it is.
The St. Louis Blues have always been a physical team, but this season there is something special that has been added to the mix. This season Ryan Reaves, Chris Porter, and Adam Cracknell have combined to become what the St. Louis Blues are calling their “CPR line.”
Perhaps the reason for excitement with this line comes from the bone crushing hits or maybe it is the ability to seemingly outwork every line they have faced in the last month. Maybe it is the ability to score goals that Reaves showed in the last week of the season. No one knows for sure what makes the chemistry of this line so great, but no one cares either.
These three men have banged bodies and played the puck with the best of the players in the league. Against the Los Angeles Kings, the CPR line seems to go above and beyond outworking their opponents on a regular basis. In a series that is just as much physical as it is skilled, the Blues have to be able to wear out their competition in order to stay ahead of the curve. Coach Ken Hitchcock has praised his fourth line saying they are better than most fourth lines in the NHL and some third lines as well. The key difference that Hitchcock notes in his third line is simple, not only can they hit and boost energy, but they can score.
In order to make a long playoff run, teams rely on using all four lines. Last season the Kings had a powerful fourth line that could contribute offensively as well which allowed them to outwork and outplay their opponents. This season the Blues seem to have that very same trait. In fact, the fourth line is playing so well that rookie sensation Vladimir Tarasenko has lost his spot in the lineup (at least for now).
It has never been hard for Blues fans to love their tough guys, and Reaves is no exception. Training in the offseason as a boxer only helps his persona in the NHL, but putting the puck in the net cements your place in the lineup. If Reaves and company can keep their level of play high, it may prove to be the difference between a long playoff run and scheduling tee times for late in May.
So what are your impressions of the St. Louis Blues CPR line? How much of a difference do you think they are making in the Blues playoff run? Let us know in the comments below and on Facebook or Twitter!
LET'S GO BLUES!
-Alex Hodschayan
Hilarion: Love Abounds and Permeates Everything, channeled by Marlene Swetlishoff, October 5, 2014, http://www.therainbowscribe.com
Beloved Ones,
Love abounds and permeates everything.
Tune into this warm and gentle but powerful energy and drink your fill each day. Experiment with different tools and techniques that will help you to do this.
An easy way for most people to do this is to imagine a time or situation in the past where you experienced this feeling that brought a smile, joy and warmth to your heart and then try to bring that feeling into your heart in the present moment.
By this practice you are drawing down the love of the Infinite and bringing it into your own auric field. It is important to keep bringing in these higher energies on a daily basis in order to bring in the new human template and anchor it firmly on Earth within your own bodies which then expands your own light which in turn expands the light of those around you.
As the living conduits for the cosmic energies, you perform an invaluable service for the highest good for all when you do this.
As Ambassadors of the Divine, it is incumbent upon each of you to walk your talk, to BE that which you proclaim and to intend in every thought, word and deed, to serve as living examples of the divine human here on Earth, right here and right now.
Perfection immediately is not an expectation. Rather it is the sincere intent and desire to be that which you in truth ARE – a radiant and powerful being of Light and a mighty force for good.
You are each much too hard on yourselves in your expectations of achieving perfection, or your perception of that which is perfection. We say that each of you must take time out to just BE and to enjoy the many precious moments of exquisite beauty and wonder that surround you within the elemental kingdom, the nature kingdom and the animal kingdom.
These are the jewels that create an extraordinary life experience. It is the little things in life and your notice and observation of these that can help you to expand your own sense of self, and your sense of the part you play in the greater picture.
As each of you rides the waves of love that are currently inundating the planet, you help to magnify and expand this by first experiencing it within yourselves.
In order to know your own divinity, you must have direct experience of it through the natural mirrors you have been provided. The world around you is filled and overflowing with the magnificence and divinity of all life, which has been showing you your own magnificence.
All that you have experienced in your life to this point has been enrichment and empowerment to give you the experiences that your soul needed, to enable you to open yourselves up to greater mastery in many different facets of your lives.
You might say that each of you have become ‘well-rounded souls', able to understand others with love, empathy and compassion in a way that gives what is needed without depleting your own energies.
As you tune into these current waves, you will find yourselves surpassing the former perceptions of limitations, and life will be experienced in a more joyful and harmonious way.
Humanity in vast numbers is now awakening. The hearts of all people throughout the world are opening in a great desire to live in a world that is safe – where souls can experience the wonders around them in peace, harmony and prosperity.
Humanity as a whole is so very tired of the old paradigm of fear, war and strife, and they want to move forward. This heartfelt desire within each person is creating a vibration of Oneness with all living things upon your planet.
This is becoming more and more evident if you but look and observe. The animal and bird kingdom has been emulating this new way of being for quite some time. The ‘law of the jungle' has changed to the law of love and Oneness.
Each of you are deserving of all the good in the world. Open yourselves to receive from the universe that which you have sent out in this and other lifetimes. It is time to become filled with this love and this light that now permeates the atmosphere.
Become like a sponge, soaking up the goodness. Shine, shine your goodness! It is now safe for you to do so. Release the shields around your heart space, take a deep breath and allow the expansion of your divine authentic self to begin.
Until next week…
I AM Hilarion
©2014 Marlene Swetlishoff/Tsu-tana (Soo-tam-ah) Keeper of the Symphonies of Grace. Permission is given to share this message as long as the message is posted in its entirety and nothing has been changed, or altered in any way and Scribe's credit, copyright and websites are included – www.therainbowscribe.com, www.movingintoluminosity.com
Anyone who predicted that today's nerdy eSports players would become tomorrow's mainstream celebrities can feel vindicated: five professional gamers will make guest appearances on CBS's detective drama Elementary next month.
Apart from gaming's conquest of TV, what else does 2017 have in store? Check out the best upcoming PC games.
The announcements trickled in via the Twitter feeds ofElementary's writersand writer/producerJeffrey Paul King. COD playerJordan ‘Jkap' Kaplan will be joined by his colleague from CS:GO Tarik ‘Tarik' Celik. Thefighting game community are represented by Street Fighterer Arturo ‘Sabin' Sanchez,and Smash Bros pros Ryan ‘The Moon' Coker-Welch and Hendrick ‘DJ Nintendo' Pilar.
The writers have tweeted about how cool it's been to learn about the world of eSports, and King in particular seems to be a big fan. Speaking with theScore eSports, he says February's episode will involve a popular streamer getting murdered mid-broadcast. My bet: he or she gets battered to death with a can of Monster.
“As part of the story, Sherlock and Watson end up at a gaming house,” says King. “We decided it would be a cool nod to the eSports world to use actual professionals as extras in that scene, so we're using five guys from four different games.”
This isn't the first time videogames have been featured on Elementary, which to my mind is the best Sherlock Holmes-based drama on TV (1v1 me, Sherlock fans). Last season, the show referenced Atari's ruinous over-order of the 1982 ET game. It is, however, one of the first times the world of eSports, and certainly its competitors, have been so much the focus of a major network show.
The episode will air on February 19 at 10pm Eastern time on CBS. Viewers in the UK can see it shortly thereafter on Sky Living.
The satellite lies in pieces, strewn across the table. It doesn't remotely look like a spacecraft.
“We keep building it, and taking it apart, and tweaking it a little bit…and building it up again, finding an interesting feature, then taking it apart,” says Shaun Kenyon an engineer at Surrey Satellite Technology Limited, a satellite manufacturer based in the southern English town of Guildford.
“We have all the bits,” he laughs, his voice bordering on mild hysteria. “Excitement is a good word to use about how the team's feeling at the moment. Sheer panic might be another phrase.”
Kenyon is the joint leader of the Strand-1 satellite team, a group of volunteers hoping to fly the first smartphone satellite in orbit. Strand, incidentally, stands for Surrey Training Research and Nanosatellite Demonstration – joining a long list of torturous space acronyms. After many months of development, the group is close to finalising a launch for later this year.
At first the idea of putting a phone in space sounds like a stunt. But when you think about it, a smartphone is a remarkable piece of technology.
“You've got this thing in your pocket which has the same computing capability as a supercomputer did in the 1970s,” says Kenyon. “All of that electronics has got billions and billions of dollars of R and D in it, so we're just trying to make use of all that research and see if those electronics will work in space.”
“It's got sensors on it we all use for gaming, it's got the comms, it's got the camera,” Kenyon's colleague, Chris Bridges, adds. “Apart from solar panels, this thing pretty much is a satellite.”
And it's not only the computing capabilities of mobile phones that make them good candidates for spaceflight. Mobiles are remarkably robust, capable of surviving everything – from the extreme heat of a car dashboard in Africa to the cold of an Alaskan winter. They can be dropped on concrete, left in the rain and even survive the washing machine (although not, as I discovered, the tumble drier). In comparison, space should be a doddle.
“We've stuck it in a vacuum chamber and we've stuck it in an oven – literally, my oven at home,” says Kenyon. “We've also stuck it in my freezer, it was absolutely fine.”
Engaged for launch
The phone will sit at the heart of the 30cm- (11in-) long Strand-1 satellite, which will have a hole cut in the side for the camera. Apps include one designed to capture “postcards from space”, another will hope to prove conclusively whether it's true that in space no-one can hear you scream. To do this, the phone will play screams and attempt to record them on its inbuilt microphone. Other apps will exploit the phone's inbuilt magnetometer – used for its compass – to measure the magnetic field around the satellite. It will even use the wi-fi capability.
“We've got another bit of electronics inside the satellite that will pick up the wi-fi signal. So it'll be a wireless intra-satellite link,” explains Kenyon. “That'll be quite an interesting experiment in terms of much larger satellites where the weight of all the cables is not insignificant. So if you could use wi-fi in big satellites, then you're saving a lot of mass.”
When it comes to putting smartphones in space, Strand-1 isn't unique. Phones have already been flown on high-altitude weather balloons and even on rockets. And, last year, an attempt was made to send a phone on a suborbital flight. Unfortunately, a rocket failure resulted in it returning to Earth in pieces. As for orbital flights, Strand-1 has some serious competition from a US project: PhoneSat. Backed by Nasa, and packed with apps, PhoneSat is due for launch early next year.
What's exciting about all these projects is that they involve highly motivated teams of skilled enthusiasts. Often volunteers, they give up their time and share their designs, code and results. However, the big issue they all face is the cost of launch. Builders of these small satellites have to beg, borrow and negotiate “piggyback” launches from the big launcher companies and space agencies. Nasa has a scheme to get US academic projects into orbit, but Strand-1 will be launched with a large commercial satellite. The team won't yet reveal the details but the launch should be ahead of PhoneSat.
Another project hoping to hitch a ride into space soon is KickSat. This small satellite will release a fleet of tiny ‘sprite' satellites, each around the size of a couple of postage stamps. Regular readers will know this is a project we have been following closely ever since we decided to buy one of the sprites that will be blasted onto orbit. The latest news is that the student behind the project, Zac Manchester from Cornell University New York, has secured lab space at Nasa. I hope to visit Zac at Nasa Ames in September, where I'm assured our own sprite is starting to take shape. I also plan to get a look at PhoneSat and see how it compares to the UK effort.
Meanwhile, back at the University of Surrey, work on assembling Strand-1 for the final time is about to get underway. This may be a volunteer project but, if it's successful, the potential of mobile phone technology, and the implications for the future design and cost of commercial satellites, is enormous.
It strikes me that the only thing they're not using the smartphone for is as an actual phone. But, says Kenyon, “the roaming charges from space are a bit high.”
If you would like to comment on this article or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Donald Trump's campaign entered full-on banana republic territory when he threatened to prosecute his political rival, Hillary Clinton, if he is elected president.
“If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to have a special prosecutor to look into your situation,” Trump said. “There's never been so many lies, so much deception. We're going to have a special prosecutor.”
The threat came after a Trump rant about Clinton's e-mail server, but he didn't leave it there. Later on, he interrupted to say that if he was president, she'd be in jail. And, inevitably, on Twitter:
Clinton has been criticized for doing government business on a private e-mail server she kept in her home. But an exhaustive FBI investigation found no evidence that classified information was lost, only that Clinton was careless in her arrangements.
Despite that conclusion, and unprecedented transparency into the details of FBI interviews, Trump and his campaign surrogates have insisted that the investigation was rigged.
But in going so far as to promise the politically motivated prosecution of a defeated political rival, Trump set a new a low for pushing modern constitutional norms in the United States. Few could recall any recent precedent for such a threat. Eric Holder, the former Obama administration Attorney General, said Trump's bluster underscored his lack of qualifications.
These fears resonate doubly around a nominee whose statements on the freedom of press, freedom of religion, and the independence of the judiciary have already led constitutional scholars to fret, in the words of one, that “this is how authoritarianism starts, with a president who does not respect the judiciary.”
The USS Gerald R. Ford, the Navy's newest aircraft carrier, successfully launched and landed an aircraft with advanced digital, magnetic technology, which replaces the older steam-driven catapult system.
The successful missions Friday came less than a week after President Trump commissioned the nearly $13 billion ship in Virginia.
"Today, USS Gerald R. Ford made history," said Adm. Phil Davidson, commander of the U.S. Fleet Forces. "Great work by the Ford team and all the engineers who have worked hard to get the ship ready for this milestone."
Trump suggested last spring that the Navy continue to use the steam-based catapult system to launch and snag aircraft on and off ships' flight decks, amid the continued concerns about the cost to complete the USS Ford.
Prior to Friday's missions, the new technology had been successfully tested ashore at Lakehurst, N.J., according to the Navy.
“This is the first shipboard recovery and launch of a fleet fixed wing aircraft,” said Capt. Rick McCormack, Ford's commanding officer.
The aircraft used were A-18F Superhornet fighter jets, based at the naval base at Patuxent River, Md.
It is a Saturday night as I write this and I am unfortunately not where I intended originally to be, namely the Council on American-Muslim Relations' (CAIR) Champions for Justice 21st Annual Fundraising Banquet. CAIR's aversion to critical observation had foiled my plans to get up close and personal with this Hamas-derived radical group, demonstrating yet again this faux civil rights organization's guardedness.
When a sponsor recently asked to attend and observe this dinner, I jumped at the chance, yet wondered whether CAIR would refuse me admittance, as my extensive writings have not put me on CAIR's good side. Corey P. Saylor, now director of CAIR's Department to Monitor and Combat Islamophobia, had previously emailed me to deny my attendance at a September 2013 CAIR press conference at its Capitol Hill headquarters. He claimed that one website where my material appears, Family Security Matters, is not a legitimate news outlet.
CAIR at the same press conference had ejected Daily Caller reporters, another outlet for which I have written that would be my downfall the second time I tried to enter a CAIR press conference earlier this year. At the conference registration desk outside the Zenger Room of Washington, DC's National Press Club I announced my name to CAIR communications director Ibrahim Hooper and asked if I could attend. Hooper mused “why does that name ring a bell” and asked for the names of the outlets where I have written, whereupon my mention of the Daily Caller prompted him to call this an anti-Islamic “hate site” and refuse my admission.
Former CAIR leader Ahmed Bedier has personally expressed his distaste for me. At a May 2014 press conference in the Zenger room involving various Muslim organizations including CAIR, he unilaterally approached me and complained of my writing being unfair. A grim-looking Bedier also took a close-up photo of me at a June 2014 conference in downtown Washington, DC.
CAIR policies for its events like the Champions of Justice banquet confirm the organization's secretive, suspicious nature. The banquet's website announces that the dinner “is a private CAIR event and CAIR reserves the right to refuse admittance to anyone for any reason” and “to eject anyone from the private event for any reason.” Those ejected “will not receive a refund for their tickets or be compensated in any way. All audio, visual and audio/visual devices and photography, filming, recording and taping are strictly prohibited.”
CAIR's tight control means that unsympathetic observers may only come into contact with CAIR officials when they on rare occasions participate in uncontrolled public events. Before I became so well-known to CAIR, I was able to interview briefly its director Nihad Awad at a January 2014 protest on the Washington, DC, Mall. I have also seen Awad appear on public panels in January 2015 and just this past week.
An October 6 CAIR refund of my $65 PayPal banquet ticket purchase indicated that I would not be seeing Awad again for dinner. Saylor responded to my email query that day by writing that “CAIR will not be able to honor your request to attend our banquet” and has “refunded the cost of your ticket to you and apologize for any inconvenience.” A friend considered me “lucky,” given CAIR's proclaimed “right to reject people for any reason WITHOUT a REFUND” and to “take someone's money and deliver nothing in return…Now I'm asking you, isn't that called ‘stealing'??”
JihadWatch director Robert Spencer has “heard of it happening many times before…that CAIR works to seal its events from all critical eyes.” As Middle East Forum director Daniel Pipes has noted, CAIR closed It's January “Stand with Prophet” event in Garland, Texas, to reporters from Fox News, the Washington Free Beacon, and other outlets. CAIR even threatened United West reporters who had purchased tickets in advance with arrest and imprisonment.
Pipes wonders about this “sudden shyness from a publicity hound” like CAIR. “CAIR, I suspect, shudders at a random Islamist wandering off the reservation” where “live events have unscripted moments.” CAIR's “chairman did this in 1998, announcing in public that ‘Islam isn't in America to be equal to any other faith, but to become dominant,' a burst of bluntness that still today impedes CAIR.” While CAIR event policy “appears to be legal…it's unheard of for an outfit claiming to be a human rights organization.” Such “blatant thought control reflects CAIR's origins in Hamas, the totalitarian Palestinian movement, and points to how Islamists threaten a free society.”
My thoughts can only speculate on what might have been as I look from my building's rooftop across to the Crystal City, Virginia, venue of the sold-out banquet a metro ride away from my residence. Of CAIR's honorees, I could have conversed with Sheikh Omar Suleiman. While he has called homosexuality a “disease” and “repugnant shameless sin,” CAIR has opposed recent religious freedom measures protecting objecting businesses from involvement with such behavior.
Similarly I could have heard Dean Obeidallah, whom Spencer calls a “painfully unfunny ‘comedian.'” He has stated that Republican Senator Rick Santorum sounds like the Taliban and written that Nigeria's Boko Haram jihadist group “has nothing to do with Islam.” I could have asked Nobel Peace Prize laureate Tawakkol Karman about her membership in a Yemeni political party affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood. A late entrant to CAIR's program is also Ahmed Mohamad, the Garland, Texas, high school “clockmaker” whose suspicious encounter with “Islamophobia” provokes more than a few questions.
More than just a social snub, my definitive CAIR banning should also raise questions. What kind of civil rights or political group refuses to engage in critical debates and discussions? Whom does CAIR admit to its events and what boundaries do CAIR impose? If CAIR is not accessible to Americans across the political spectrum, should public authorities look to CAIR as an objective civil society partner? All this and more is food for thought from a disinvited dinner guest.
10 Quick Tips to tighten your Landing Page design
I'm proud to say One-Page Love features over 7000 websites now. Unfortunately, with the continuous push to increase quality, not all submissions get in. These 10 tips form the most common feedback I give users to help improve their Landing Page design:
ps. the awesome “Pencil Knot” cover illustration is by Karolis Strautniekas
Tip 1 – Keep Brand Capitalization Consistent
When a new user arrives at your Landing Page and you've got different case variations of your Brand Name it looks unprofessional and can even be confusing. I'd advise avoiding ALL CAPS but once you've chosen a case style, stick with it and ensure it's consistent throughout your Landing Page.
One-Page Love (correct)
Onepagelove
ONEPAGELOVE
onepagelove
One-Page love
One-Page Love
Onepage Love
Here are some popular ones:
WordPress (1 word, 2 capital letters)
MailChimp (1 word, 2 capital letters)
Stack Overflow (2 words)
Facebook (1 word)
Tip: Visit your live Landing Page, use your browser in-page search and try to find all possible variations of your brand name.
Video Reference: FieldGoal
Tip 2 – Give those lonely orphans a family
This means bringing those floating last words in a paragraph back home by slightly reducing the paragraph font size or even better – boot out unnecessary adjectives like awesome or amazing. Same goes for your Brand Name, if it's comprised of 3 words it must remain 3 words everywhere with no overflows.
Useful links:
Video Reference: The SEO Company Template
Tip 3 – Don't neglect Retina optimization
If anything, you absolutely must have a Retina-optimized logo. A “pixelated” logo can negatively impact a first impression. Retina-optimization basically means offering double sized logos, screenshots and imagery for Retina-screened users. Same goes for your iconography, try use SVG format icons if possible.
Tip: Use ImageOptim for optimizing bigger, rich color images. It's debatable what the ideal page load size is, but optimizing everything is always good practice.
Useful links:
Video Reference: SuperCrowd
Tip 4 – Add Breathing Room
The majority of users are going to skim your content. If you bundle everything together they are going to skim even more. Whitespace is referred to as the breathing room for your content but also the breathing room for the user. This slows them down helps increase focus and in-turn increases conversions.
81 percent of people only skim the content they read online. Usability expert Jakob Nielsen reports the average user reads at most 20 to 28 percent of words during an average visit. (source)
Tip: If you're questioning if you should increase padding, you should probably double it.
Tip: Increase padding but still stick to a grid.
Tip: Reverse engineer your padding allowances by working around the perfect line length (characters per line) based on your font size.
Useful links:
Video Reference: Park & Diamond and Brenner Cycles
Tip 5 – Keep Spacing Consistent
We've just covered adding more padding but what really tightens a design is when this spacing is consistent. The same goes for over overlooked vertical spacing, keeping your section padding consistent throughout your long-scrolling Landing Page. A good practice is spacing and sizing within ratios, for example, all section padding is 60px. all CTA buttons and small spaces are 30px and all small gaps are 15px.
Tip: Keep spacing within consistent ratios. Example: if we set 30px button, then set section title bottom margins also at 30px and section diver spacing at 60px. Consistency is key.
Useful links:
Video Reference: Background Image
Tip 6 – Fewer images, better images
It can take one good image to completely change the emotion of your user. The same goes for one bad image – Good imagery builds trust and trust is the foundation of conversions. Spend the money. Get a photoshoot of your team, your product. your food. The ROI on a professional photoshoot is pretty much guaranteed. Now once you have a good selection, ask yourself if each image truly captures your story or compliments your brand. Eliminate everything non-essential.
“Simplicity means the achievement of maximum effect with minimum means.” ~ Dr. Koichi Kawanaite
Useful links:
Unsplash – Free (do whatever you want) high-res photos
Beautiful Team Images – for inspiration
Video Reference: Dona Rita and Stock Image
Tip 7 – Fewer fonts, more weights
Too many fonts looks messy and also adds to Landing Page load time. Different weights within one font family can really strengthen the visual hierarchy of heading and paragraphs. Try stick to 2 or fewer families and even consider bringing in the users system font as the Sans-Serif typeface.
Useful links:
Google Fonts – over 800 free web fonts
Font Pair – help pairing Google Fonts
Typekit – beautiful premium web fonts
Tip 8 – More text color contrast
Avoid having pure black (`#000000`) text on a pure white (`#FFFFFF`) page background. Soften the blow with an off-white background and a subtle grey text hierarchy. Furthermore why not experiment with completely different color palettes within your Landing Page. A quality color scheme is instantly remarkable and can strengthen your branding.
Useful links:
Contraste – checking the accessibility of web text
Colorful websites – for inspiration
Coolors – great color scheme generator
ColourLovers – massive collection of color schemes
Color Lisa – famous art color schemes
Tip 9 – Juice up those CTA buttons
Ideally your Landing Page is promoting one thing meaning you are after only one type of conversion. So all your CTA buttons should be consistently worded and color-schemed, It will remind the user what you want them to do as they scroll. It's also good practice to choose a CTA button color that stands out within your scheme for example an bright orange button within a blue color scheme.
Useful links:
31 Call-to-Action examples you can't help but click – by Brittany Leaning
Tip 10 – Polish with Text Kerning and Font Smoothing
It's incredible how the smallest kerning tweaks can drastically improve a Landing Page design. Furthermore by adding just a few lines of CSS code you can really polish typography with a more elegant look. Here is the code I use on most of my projects:
body { -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale; text-rendering: optimizeLegibility; -moz-font-feature-settings: "liga" on; }
Useful Links:
Bonus Tip – Declutter Throughout
Earlier we cut down on images but why stop there. We are not trying to convince the user with as much as possible, it's as little as possible.
2 brilliant testimonials – not 8 average ones.
2 highlighted power features, with 4 smaller features below – not a grid of 12.
Your 8 best wedding photographs – not the past 4 years of work.
Remember attention spans are diminishing online so we need to get to the point with our Landing Pages. No jargen. No verbose words. No pop-ups. Create the Landing Page you'd want to see when visitings for the first time.
Tip: Kill those social share icons, especially the embedded ones. If they are essential, hard code them.
Tip: Replace, don't add. When you get new testimonials or images, try to replace the old ones.
“The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.” ~ Hans Hofman
Further Resources
Private Landing Page Feedback – I offer a private feedback service where I record myself speaking while interacting with your Landing Page while pointing out issues and offering suggestions.
Landing Page Inspiration – A collection of over 300 Landing Page references.
Landing Page Templates – A collection of over 100 Landing Page templates to get you started quicker.
Landing Page Hosting – Bluehost has an exclusive deal for One-Page Love readers at only $2.95 per month for hosting.
I hope you enjoyed these 10 quick tips to tighten your Landing Page design. What go-to tip you have done I leave out, hit me up in the comments on YouTube and if you enjoyed this roundup share it with a friend about to launch their next project:)
Much love,
Rob
Twitter: @robhope
Instagram: @rob_hope
Email: rob@onepagelove.com
Uber plans to float on the stock market within the next 18 to 24 months as its bookings are projected to increase almost fourfold to break through $10bn this year, according to a leaked presentation intended for investors.
The document, which was seen by Reuters, showed that global bookings rose by 323pc from $687.8m to $2.91bn in 2014 and are on track to grow by 272pc to $10.84bn this year and more than double to $26.12bn in 2016.
Uber takes a 20pc cut of ride revenues, which would give the San Francisco-based company revenues this year of more than $2bn , rising above $5bn next year.
The document, which did not have a date on it but included figures from as recently as June, failed to shed light on costs or whether the $50bn cab-hailing app is profitable.
Other financial documents leaked earlier this month showed that Uber is heavily lossmaking, losing around $109m in the second quarter of 2014, up from $56.5m in the whole of 2013.
At the time, an Uber spokesperson said, "Shock, horror, Uber makes a loss", calling it "hardly news" and a "case of business 101" that a growing company would be pre-profit.
In response to today's leaked document, an Uber spokesperson said that the company does not comment on rumour and speculation.
The presentation said that an initial public offering would be likely within 18 to 24 months, which would place the company's stock market debut in the first half of 2017.
It also showed that state-owned China Life Insurance and China Taiping Insurance invested in Uber in the last year, as the world's most valuable start-up concentrates on winning the Chinese market.
Chief executive Travis Kalanick has said that China is Uber's "number one priority", expecting it to surpass the US as its biggest market by the end of 2015, and dedicated $1bn to the region this year.
However, the country's sovereign wealth fund, China Investment Corporation, has put its weight behind the country's home-grown taxi-hailing app, Didi Kuaidi, which is estimated to hold more than 80pc of the market.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAYTON, Utah - A Utah police sergeant is recovering after someone tried to poison him, officials confirmed Tuesday.
Authorities said the sergeant stopped by the Subway restaurant on Highway 193 for lunch Monday.
When he took a sip of his drink he tasted chemicals and said he knew something was wrong.
The officer said he came to a red light on his way back to the station and his body wouldn't let him hit the brake, according to KSTU.
He made it safely back to the station and was taken to the hospital.
Authorities said the man's drink tested positive for marijuana, THC and methamphetamine.
Sgt. Clint Bobrowski said the surveillance video from Subway shows what happened.
"The suspect was seen taking the sergeant's order, filling his drink," Sgt. Bobrowski said. "The suspect left the sergeant's drink on the counter and left the picture frame. In the video you can see him returning with something in his hand and then leaning over the sergeant's drink for an unusual amount of time. The suspect then provided the sergeant with the drink."
Officers arrested 18-year-old Tanis Lloyd Ukena after seeing him on the surveillance video.
Authorities said they believe this is an isolated incident.
Subway released the following statement:
And yet, the title story is in its way the most upbeat in the collection, ending on a note of reconciliation, if not quite hope. As the final effort (and most recent: It is like all of the stories here was originally published in the New Yorker), it suggests an arc or movement: from the surreal to the real. Indeed, the rural Southeastern setting, as well as the matter-of-fact evocation of a certain kind of desperation, reminds me of nothing so much as the work of Breece D'J Pancake, who wrote just a handful of bitter, brilliant stories before killing himself in 1979 at age 26. These aren't two writers I generally think of in the same breath. But that, I'd suggest, is the point precisely, an indication of how close to the edge Antrim means to take us — and himself — in "The Emerald Light in the Air."
Introduction to the Kooks Museum
Though I have great affection for kooks, the term is usually used by others on a pejorative basis; the word is often invoked but rarely aimed at oneself. Granted, there are people, self-styled or corporate-styled bohemians, who by virtue of their desire to belong to a particular in-crowd, call themselves kooks as easily as saying, "I'm weird" or "I'm crazy." I am not concerned here with a trendy or self-conscious usage of the term.
Being assigned kook status is inherently a matter of perspective, relative to history and culture. A kook of the 19th century might become a scientific hero in the 20th. Take the example of geologist Alfred Wegener (1880-1930), who hypothesized continental drift. In his day, Wegener's theory was dismissed as a "fairy tale." More recently he is honored for originating the theory of plate tectonics. More frequently, a person presumed to be a genius in a previous century is regarded a kook in today's. In the 19th century, phrenologists were as respectable as psychiatrists are today.
Similarly, the beliefs and mores of one culture are mocked as kooky or even sinister by another. On a large scale, the projection of these attitudes can mobilize millions into warfare or cause governments to deploy military assaults against "cults."
What distinguishes "kook" from other dismissive and stigmatizing terms? The various words denoting insanity -- "crazy," "psychotic," "schizophrenic," etc. -- are not, for my purposes, interchangeable with "kook." An obsessed murderer may be considered psychopathic or crazy, but more often than not these words categorize action, not belief. The obsessed serial killer is not necessarily a kook.
We must also distinguish kooks from quacks, frauds and hoaxers, for kooks are invariably sincere. Their main intent is not to deceive or defraud; to the contrary, they are trying to impart an essential truth. A kook's thoughts rarely turn to profit; some squander personal fortunes to investigate or spread The Word. A New Age personality who channels a wise entity from the Pleiades is not a kook if his channeled voice is designed to attract funds.
Finally, it is important to differentiate a kook from an eccentric. An eccentric is defined as someone with an unorthodox lifestyle, which may or may not include unorthodox beliefs. Is a hermit a kook? Can we call a scatological fetishist a kook? Not necessarily, especially if they haven't codified their own preferences as an eternal truth.
Want your eyes to stand out a little more than they already do? Faking bigger, more open eyes than you actually have isn't as difficult as you think. You just have to get a little crafty in the makeup department. Find out how to ace the look when you keep reading.
Start by using black eyeliner to draw a thin line from the inner corner or your lash line all the way to the outer corner. Optional: thicken the line at the edge of your eye for a more dramatic look. Next, sweep on a neutral eye shadow as a base. Then accentuate your crease with a shadow that's a few shades darker, bringing it down around the outside of your eye and blending it in toward your lash line. An eye shadow duo like Clinique Color Surge in Like Mink ($20) will give you good complementary options. Using a white eye pencil, line your lower waterline. This optical illusion seemingly extends the whites of your eyes, making the entire eye appear larger. To clean up the look and open the eye even more, take the same shadow that you filled in your crease with and swipe it along your bottom lash line with a thin eyeliner brush. Blend the line to soften it and keep it from looking too harsh. Finish by curling your lashes and applying two coats to the top only.
Source: Flickr user A Chilling Soul
PSG have suffered a huge blow ahead of their second leg as Zlatan Ibrahimovic will not make the trip to London.
The Swede was not at his best in the first leg and injured himself in the second half. Laurent Blanc said after the match that it was a muscular pain but unsure on whether it's his calf or hamstring. A hamstring injury requires at least two weeks out so the chances of Ibrahimovic playing next week are looking bleak. The injury news was confirmed from an unexpected source as PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi said that ‘Ibrahimovic will be out for a few weeks'.
It will be a huge blow for the PSG side who were excellent in the first leg and will certainly miss the presence of their best player at Stamford Bridge. The absence of Ibrahimovic would mean a start for either Lucas Moura or Javier Pastore as both of them impressed in their substitute appearance in the first leg.
Microsoft has announced they're working on a proper Outlook Web App (OWA) for Android. Via a blog post announcing several other feautures, Microsoft suggests the new app will mimic their Outlook web app. It's a nice option for those who want similar functionality to their desktop, and likely a seamless experience for those who use the web app.
Does this mean the end of exchange for other email clients, though? Nope. Microsoft says they'll continue to support all platforms, so there is no reason to fear we'll be losing any functionality should we not want to take advantage of their OWA for Android. It's a long time coming, too, since the Outlook app has been available on iOS for some time, now.
It's the first move toward Android for Microsoft since their new CEO took over, and one that's welcomed by many users. Though Microsoft wasn't forthcoming with details on what an Android app would bring to the table, we hope it's as nicely put together as the iOS app (seen above). The Apple-y version allows for all things Outlook, like calendar and notes.
If Microsoft builds a well-tuned OWA for Android, it could coax many users to migrate back toward their service. This also has important, necessary enterprise implications, as many companies still use Microsoft solutions to power their offices. We can't say we prefer it over some alternatives like CloudMagic, but you might — and choice is never a bad thing to have.
Thanks, Dean!
The Link Between Wine and Breast Cancer
Suggested Ways to Reduce Your Risk
Avoid Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT): The Million Women Study found that use of the normal combined form of estrogen and progesterone HRT doubled women's risk of cancer. The good news is that the increased risk goes away once women stop taking HRT.
The Million Women Study found that use of the normal combined form of estrogen and progesterone HRT doubled women's risk of cancer. The good news is that the increased risk goes away once women stop taking HRT. Stop Smoking: Smoking increases cancer risk in women by 32 percent. The great news is that the study found that, "If you give up smoking, within five years your risk of lung cancer has halved," says Professor Valerie Beral, director of Oxford University's cancer epidemiology unit.
Maintain a Healthy Weight: This study found that being overweight, as well as underweight, increases risks. They recommend a body mass index (BMI) of 24.
This study found that being overweight, as well as underweight, increases risks. They recommend a body mass index (BMI) of 24. Stop Drinking Alcohol: Even one glass of any alcoholic beverage can increase your likelihood for breast cancer. The good news from the study states that, "Once you stop drinking, your increased cancer risk starts to melt away."
Even one glass of any alcoholic beverage can increase your likelihood for breast cancer. The good news from the study states that, "Once you stop drinking, your increased cancer risk starts to melt away." Exercise: It will help you to significantly decrease you risk for heart disease.
It will help you to significantly decrease you risk for heart disease. Breast-feed: Using the breasts to feed offspring has been shown to reduce the chances of breast cancer. Having children was also shown to help protect women against breast cancer.
The Million Women Study, an Oxford University-based research effort, is making an attempt to come to a final decision on whether hormone replacement therapy is helping women through some of the more uncomfortable symptoms of menopause , or, in fact, giving them cancer. The Million Women Study is quickly becoming what many experts are calling a "blueprint for women's health."In an article in The Guardian, "A million women can't be wrong," it was announced that the study had found that even a small amount of all types of wine can lead to increases in a woman's risk of developing breast cancer later in life. These are shocking findings, considering that red wine has often been touted as one of the best ways to prevent cardiovascular diseases. The Oxford study also looked at a variety of controversial women's health issues, including birth control medication, hormone replacement therapy, diet, pregnancy, childbearing, as well as menopause. The study, unlike many other small-scale undertakings, involves extremely reliable information, due to the sheer size of the number of women surveyed.While many people look forward to winding down from the daily grind with a glass of red or white wine, the Oxford study clearly indicates that in a study of over one million women, there is a clear link between even moderate amounts of wine and breast cancer. Researchers feel that there may be a relationship between the behavior of alcohol on hormone levels in the body, especially estrogen. And as estrogen is such a key player in the regular reproductive cycle, and increased levels of estrogen have been clearly linked to breast cancer, some studies are looking into the possibility that alcohol may increase estrogen levels in women. The same study also suggests that the intake of alcohol may affect other biological systems related to increased cancer in women.An example of this holistic understanding is that of the liver. It has been found that alcohol inhibits the liver from functioning at optimal levels. If the liver , which is responsible for ridding the body of toxins, is unable to function properly, our body may get overloaded with the carcinogens that the liver was unable to expel. Unfortunately for all of you wine-lovers out there, alcohol may also be acting as a co-carcinogen, meaning it may aid cancerous cells in their growth patterns. The report also looked into many variables that the scientific community has not taken into consideration in regard to women and cancer. The Million Women Study questions participants on everything from whether they use butter or olive oil in their cooking, if they regularly listen to music or paint, and even variables such as stress levels and happiness indicators.Although many of the findings from The Million Women Study are still emerging, the main ways for women to reduce their risks of developing cancer and heart disease are reported from the study as follows:I also recommend regular body cleansing to reduce the risk of developing breast cancer and I highly suggest avoiding mammograms . Use thermography as a safe breast cancer screening device.
†Results may vary. Information and statements made are for education purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your doctor. Global Healing Center does not dispense medical advice, prescribe, or diagnose illness. The views and nutritional advice expressed by Global Healing Center are not intended to be a substitute for conventional medical service. If you have a severe medical condition or health concern, see your physician.
RANKINGS
Cricbuzz Staff • Last updated on Mon, 09 Jan, 2017, 06:59 PM
Following a productive series against Bangladesh, with scores of 73 not out, 12 and 60, New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson has entered the top-five of the latest Twenty20 International rankings for batsmen, released by the International Cricket Council (ICC) on Monday (January 9).
Williamson, who aggregated 145 runs in New Zealand's 3-0 T20I series win against Bangladesh, moved up two positions to be ranked fourth in the T20I rankings for batsmen.
Williamson joined Virat Kohli as the only two batsmen to feature in the top-five of all three formats. Williamson is ranked fifth in ODIs and fourth in Tests. Kohli, who will take over India's captaincy in all three formats following MS Dhoni's decision to step down from limited-overs captaincy, is the No. 1 ranked T20I batsman while he occupies the second position in both the ODI and Test rankings.
Colin Munro also took upward strides in the T20I rankings. The 29-year-old left-hander, who scored a 54-ball 101 in the second T20I against Bangladesh, jumped 20 spots to currently occupy the 19th position.
In the rankings for bowlers in the 20-over format, New Zealand's Mitchell Santner and Ish Sodhi reached career-best 18th and 19th positions respectively while Adam Milne moved up to the 17th spot.
Bangladesh's Mustafizur Rahman took a giant leap, moving up 10 places to enter the top-10 at the 10th position. He became the highest ranked T20I bowler for his country, going past Shakib Al Hasan, who is currently ranked 11th after moving up three spots himself. The T20I bowling charts is headed by South Africa's Imran Tahir, followed by India's Jasprit Bumrah and West Indies' Samuel Badree.
The whitewash New Zealand achieved in the T20I series against Bangladesh has helped them cement their No. 1 position in the T20I rankings for teams. They gained one point courtesy of their series win and have a six-point lead over the second-placed India.
Sen. Richard Gordon said on Monday that he had the support of more than 14 senators in his ethics complaint against Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV.
Gordon filed his complaint against Trillanes in the Senate ethics committee on Monday night.
ADVERTISEMENT
He complained about Trillanes' “continued and unabated unparliamentary acts, language and conduct and disorderly behavior” during the Aug. 31 hearing on the smuggling of P6.4 billion worth of “shabu” (crystal meth) from China through the Bureau of Customs.
“The continuing, schematic and incorrigible abrasive conduct of Senator Trillanes should be dealt with accordingly, maybe a censure is not enough,” Gordon said in his complaint.
Under the Senate rules, the committee could censure, suspend or remove an erring senator.
Emerging from a caucus of the 17-member majority bloc, Gordon said his complaint was being supported by “more than 14” senators.
Except for Sen. JV Ejercito who was on sick leave, 16 senators belonging to the majority bloc attended the caucus led by Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III.
“I never even talked to any senator as God is my witness on the day of my birthday. I never talked to any senator to get their vote,” Gordon told reporters.
Ill treatment
He said Trillanes did not belong to the Senate, citing the way the latter had treated him as chair of the blue ribbon committee.
Gordon also noted that Trillanes had accused other senators of being puppets of the Duterte administration.
The two legislators had a heated exchange at last week's hearing on the shabu shipment from China after the latter asked that Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte and lawyer Manases “Mans” Carpio be summoned to the hearing for their alleged involvement in the attempted smuggling.
ADVERTISEMENT
Gordon said the committee could not just summon anyone based on hearsay.
Trillanes slammed Gordon's panel as a “comité de absuelto” (committee of exoneration).
Trillanes on Monday said it was premature for Gordon to say that he had the support of the majority of senators in the ethics complaint against him.
Political game
“I understand the political game but it's a long process. There will be a hearing. Eventually it will be presented to the plenary and it will be voted on. So it's premature for him to say who is supporting him,” he told reporters.
Pimentel said the Senate had no choice but to tackle Gordon's complaint because what happened was not good. “So, this has to be resolved.”
Pimentel said the complaint would go through the normal process of investigation and recommendation by the committee.
It was the second time Gordon and Trillanes clashed at hearings of the blue ribbon committee.
The first was when Gordon led an inquiry into “extrajudicial killings” in the war on drugs last year.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The people have spoken. On March 12, 2009, Re/Max officially dropped their claim against rehava, which stated rehava's logo looked too similar to theirs.
It's easy to see the logos look nothing alike and in a poll hosted on Charleston.net, 15,763 vs. 221 voters agreed the logos bear no resemblance. Over 90,000 people viewed this article about the logos, igniting a groundswell of social media activity and a PR fiasco for Re/Max. People went ballistic and voiced their outrage at Re/Max, a global real estate giant. Especially when they saw Adam Scoville, Re/Max's legal counsel, explain the logo similarites:
“First of all, both names start with “r” and have logos with accent lines near the letter “e,” he said.
“It goes beyond that,” Scoville added. “If you chop the top off of the ‘h,' you (almost) have the ‘m' in Re/Max. The next letter is an ‘a,' and if you take the ‘v' then you have half of an ‘x.' “
Many felt this was simply a petty attempt by a major corporation to put a small business out of business.
Steve deGuzman, Rehava's broker-in-charge, said, “I think they did it because they're worried about the future of real estate, and they really know that we might be onto something,”
rehava has developed a new model for real estate in which they reward home buyers with a rebate for half their commission.
People on Twitter, various bloggers and those who commented on news sites repeatedly slammed Re/Max for their actions, proving just how powerful the voice of the people – and social media – can be.
Advertisements
Share this: Reddit
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Posted in Agency News, World News
Tags: Advertising, Hook, Hook USA, logo dispute, real estate, Rehava, rehava logo, rehava real estate, remax
Donald Trump on Monday became the first sitting US president to visit the Western Wall in the disputed city of Jerusalem, placing his hand on one of the most sacred sites in Judaism.
Video of the visit is available below, via The Washington Post.
The Western Wall is the holiest site where Jews can pray. Trump, wearing a black skullcap, paused in front of it, then placed what appeared to be a written prayer or note between its stones, as is custom.
He was not accompanied by any Israeli leaders. Security was tight, with the usually bustling Old City, where the Western Wall is located, essentially on lockdown and the plaza leading to the site cleared.
Trump's daughter Ivanka, who converted to Judaism and is married to one of the president's top aides, Jared Kushner, also visited the women's side of the wall.
The president's daughter Ivanka Trump touches the Western Wall on May 22. Credit: Ronen Zvulun/Reuters
Under strict interpretation of Jewish law, men and women must pray separately there.
The Western Wall is the last remnant of the supporting wall of the second Jewish temple, built by King Herod and destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD.
Related: Trump will be in Israel today. Can you find the country on a map?
The visit there drew controversy before Trump even left Washington, when US officials declined to say whether it belonged to Israel.
The status of Jerusalem is ultra-sensitive and has been among the most difficult issues in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.
US first lady Melania Trump touches the Western Wall on May 22. Credit: Ronen Zvulun/Reuters
Israel occupied east Jerusalem, where the Western Wall is located, and the West Bank in 1967 in moves never recognised by the international community.
It later annexed east Jerusalem and claims the entire city as its capital. The Palestinians see east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
The traditional US position has been that Jerusalem's status must be negotiated between the two sides.
Trump's visit to the wall came as part of his first trip abroad as president. The trip includes stops at important sites for Christians, Muslims and Jews.
The first leg of his trip was in Saudi Arabia, while later stops will include the Vatican.
Passengers wait for an Amtrak train to arrive at Union Station in Hartford, Conn. Photo by Dave Collins/AP
Last month, graphic designer and railroad aficionado Alfred Twu published a stunning map of what America would look like if virtually every last nook and cranny of the country were connected by a state-of-the-art, 220-mph rail network. Twu's plan for a national high-speed rail system could get passengers from Cheyenne, Wyo., to Albany, N.Y., in just under 12 hours. It captured an old-school patriotic longing among young tech-savvy Americans for big, prestige projects with a design that was elegant in its simplicity. Online media outlets described Twu as a “visionary.” “This Is What America's High-Speed Rail System Should Look Like” was one typically glowing headline.
Some conservatives had a different description for Twu and his map. “High-speed rail supporter Alfred Twu has gotten a lot of attention for having boldly drawn a map of where he thinks high-speed trains should go,” wrote Randal O'Toole of the libertarian Cato Institute. “Twu's map is even more absurd than Obama's plan,” he wrote, describing the map, and high-speed rail in general, as a “ridiculous fantasy.”
O'Toole's reaction demonstrated one of the principal reasons why American high-speed rail has been mostly stymied: One person's beautiful vision of the future is another's terrifying government boondoggle. The Obama plan to use $8 billion in stimulus money as a carrot to get states to invest in high-speed rail went down in flames two years ago. It failed largely because Republican governors in states such as Florida rejected federal funds. But if there were some way to get beyond partisan politics and legal battles over right-of-way issues, what would an ideally efficient map of an American high-speed rail system actually look like?
To be fair to his critics, it probably wouldn't look like Twu's map. While beautiful in its design, Twu's fanciful vision connects cities that are too far apart to have any kind of reliable passenger base, and it does so with little regard for geographical and engineering constraints. “Between Los Angeles and Denver there are huge segments of not only desert, but also mountain ranges that the high speed rail tracks would have to be built through,” says Dan Schned, a senior planner at America 2050, a national infrastructure planning and policy program. Another flaw in Twu's dream of “the country as one connected city” is that it would serve routes that didn't actually have any passengers. “Even if a Maglev line was built from L.A. to Chicago, you're not going to be able to get the trip times low enough” to convert air travelers, Schned says. And several of these lines pass across vast stretches of unpopulated areas where no new riders would be getting on the train. “Unless you're picking up riders and dropping off riders along the way and keeping that train full, it's not going to work,” Schned says.
But fast, efficient, modern railways don't have to be just a fantasy art project. America 2050 has been heavily involved in attempting to establish which corridors make the most sense for high-speed rail. In 2011, it published a comprehensive report analyzing 7,870 potential high-speed rail corridors in the country's 11 “mega-regions” where 70 percent of the nation's population resides. Typical mega-regions include the Northeast corridor, the Great Lakes states, California and the Southwest, and the Northwestern “Cascadia” region of Washington and Oregon. Using a handful of criteria, including population, employment, the market for air travel, and automobile traffic congestion, the study attempted to establish which routes would be most ideal for high-speed rail construction. Routes with scores of 19 or more were deemed best-suited for the most modern high-speed rail systems, scores of 17 were projected to be well-suited for top-of-the-line systems if population growth were to continue at projected rates, and scores of 10 or below were said to not justify priority federal funding because of their sparse and spread-out populations.
Twu's map included some of the highest scoring routes, including Washington, D.C., to New York City (with a score of 20.15), Boston to New York (19.87), New York to Philadelphia (19.86), Los Angeles to San Diego (19.62), Chicago to Milwaukee (19.38), Los Angeles to San Francisco (17.98), and Portland to Seattle (17.37). But it also included many of the low-scoring routes as well, such as Chicago to Memphis (10.79), Kansas City to St. Louis (9.62), Little Rock to Dallas (10.66), Baton Rouge to New Orleans (8.48), and Birmingham to New Orleans (4.95). Twu also drew four routes connecting Albuquerque, El Paso, Denver, Omaha, and Salt Lake City that all scored between 4.67 and 9.91, and two separate lines in the low-scoring Florida region. “Some of these city pairs are so far apart that we didn't even rank them,” says Schned.
Corridors that couldn't attract sufficient numbers of riders would likely detract from the potential economic and environmental benefits gained from the more sensible routes. “If newly built high-speed rail services do not attract projected ridership over time, they will not only fail to deliver their promised benefits but they may waste energy, resources, and require excessive operating subsidies,” the America 2050 report concluded.
Experts who study light rail often mention a “sweet spot” of between 100 and 600 miles for high-speed rail corridor trips. Shorter than 100 miles, and a rider is more likely to want to take a conventional train, a car, or a bus. Longer than 600 miles and a rider is better off flying.
The potential efficiencies of high-speed rail along corridors with proven ridership figures are getting tougher and tougher to deny. “We have millions of people living right now in this country in places where they don't have adequate inter-city transportation,” says Christopher Barkan, director of the railroad engineering program at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. “They're entirely dependent upon congested highways. They're entirely dependent upon using airplanes.”
If we could connect those people in a way that cuts greenhouse emissions, comes at a lower cost for commuters, allows them to access wireless networks and work during trips, and is profitable, the potential economic and environmental efficiencies would easily be worth the initial investment. But that initial investment would be steep. California is the only state in the country right now that is actively pursuing a high-speed rail plan. Construction of the first leg of a corridor that is planned to ultimately connect San Francisco and Los Angeles is set to begin in July. The cost is projected to be $68 billion, and sources for less than a fifth of that funding have been identified so far.
In the right place, high-speed rail has the potential to be profitable. Amtrak's Northeast corridor service includes the higher-speed (but at a maximum of 150 mph, not high-speed by European or Asian standards) Acela line. A Brookings Institute report this month showed that Amtrak ridership has grown by 55 percent since 1997, that the 100 biggest cities generated 90 percent of that ridership, that 10 cities were responsible for nearly two-thirds of that ridership, and that the Acela line on its own was actually turning a profit of $178 million in 2011. The heavily used routes are subsidizing the less trafficked routes.
“Here's the irony: It could carry more people, earn more money, and cost less per passenger if they had higher capacity out there,” Barkan says of Amtrak's Northeast corridor. “They are a capacity-constrained corridor.”
As anyone who has ever taken a train out of Penn Station could tell you, the biggest current constraining point on the Northeast corridor is between New York City and New Jersey. “Coming from New Jersey to New York there's only two tracks that go into Manhattan,” says Conrad Ruppert Jr. of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, who worked as an engineer for Amtrak for 35 years, mainly on the Northeast corridor. “[Those tracks] are used by Amtrak and by New Jersey transit and they're at, if not above, capacity. Any minor incident that occurs disrupts service in one of those tunnels, whether it's a signal problem or a track related problem, it just entirely shuts down the system.”
So before true high-speed rail can actually be broached in the Northeast—never mind a transcontinental dream line between Los Angeles and New York—critical basic infrastructure improvements need to be made to Amtrak's overstretched system. Acquiring funding for these relatively straightforward projects is a struggle, and because the issue has become so politicized, Barkan worries that maps like Twu's risk being counterproductive.
“I think it has potentially negative consequences because, on the one hand it might cause people to think that it makes sense to build high speed rail over a thousand miles of desert,” he said. “It also gives ammunition to the critics of high speed rail that would then cause them to say that the high speed rail advocates are proposing to spend billions in taxpayer money where it doesn't make sense to build it.”
Barkan's bewilderment at the popularity of Twu's map was echoed by his colleague, Ruppert Jr., who wondered why I was even asking about Twu's map when America 2050 and the Federal Railroad Administration had produced far more realistic ones. What I think the two engineers may have missed was the usefulness of Twu's project as a marketing tool for proponents of high-speed rail. People look at China building the world's longest high-speed rail line in a handful of years and wonder why America no longer seems capable of accomplishing similarly amazing prestige projects like we once did.
Then again, maybe it's not such a great marketing tool. As popular as Twu's map was online, his White House petition fizzled. Perhaps he needs to think less grandiosely with his next map. Or maybe he needs to go in the other direction: While Twu's petition didn't get enough votes to earn a response from the White House, the Death Star petition did. Maybe in order to generate interest, we should be asking how fast high-speed rail can make the Kessel Run? Han Solo's Millennium Falcon ran the smuggling route in less than 12 parsecs. Something to aim for.
March 21, 2016 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Last Tuesday, just five days before President Obama's historic arrival in Cuba on Sunday, the U.S. Treasury and Commerce departments announced significant changes to further normalize relations with Cuba. An American commercial and noncommercial presence in the island nation is now permitted.
Related: Why Entrepreneurs Should Consider Cuba
Included under the feds' green-light rules are export activities, travel and carrier services, humanitarian services and business relationships. A physical presence is now permitted in Cuba, in the form of American companies' offices, warehouses, franchises and agencies.
Since September 2015, the feds have also been saying "¡dalei" ("go ahead") to telecommunications, Internet services, airline flights and, more recently, a limited travel opportunity for U.S. citizens, plus the export of certain goods to Cuba -- and much more.
Companies are already jumping in. Netflix, Airbnb, and Sprint are all adding knowledge of the Cuban market (and probably Spanish-language skills) to their executives' skill sets. Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide has signed a multi-hotel deal. And last month, the U.S. State and Transportation departments announced the re-establishment of scheduled direct air flights between Cuba and the United States.
Not that these moves have been without controversy -- and confusion. One common misperception, for instance, is that the Cuba embargo, imposed in 1962, is over. This is false. The embargo is still very much in place; and only an Act of Congress, rather than any action by President Obama, can lift it.
What's more, because of the history of political friction and distrust between the two nations, U.S. politicians have been promoting the opening of Cuba as merely a "humanitarian" gesture to support the Cuban people. In fact, many of the provisions prohibit certain activities or transactions directly with the Cuban government.
Accordingly, the Obama administration has actually been scorned -- by Cuban Americans in Miami in particular -- for not making a "better deal," since most of the changes favor Cuba. Cuban Americans -- and others -- also insist on human rights improvements and freedom of the press before moving forward with commercial activity.
Yet, there are many reasons the United States would directly benefit from having Cuba as a nearby business ally, including the fact that Cuba imports most of its food.
Cuba, for its part, has been advancing with caution, wary that U.S. businesses' move back onto Cuban soil might signal a return to pre-revolution days, when foreigners basically controlled the island.
Related: What Will Franchising Look Like in Cuba? 3 Clues From Similar Markets.
Still, the legal amendments that have gradually been announced since December 2014, together with the newer regulations last week, now allow U.S. entrepreneurs -- legally -- to:
1. Establish businesses
Individuals may establish certain commercial businesses and a some non-commercial physical presence in Cuba, in the form of offices, warehouses, franchises, agencies and other business relationships.This includes telecommunications and Internet-based services; non-commercial activities that support the Cuban people; humanitarian projects; the export of authorized goods to Cuba; parcel or mail services; and certain cargo transportation and travel services and more. Mail service is being re-established.
2. Export to Cuba
When exporting items to Cuba pursuant to proper authorizations, exporters may now assemble certain items in Cuba.
3. Hire non-immigrant Cuban nationals in the United States
American companies that hire non-immigrant Cuban nationals to work in the United States may now pay compensation without the previous limitation to "living expenses."
4. Conduct U-turn transactions
U-turn transactions in which Cuba or a Cuban national has interest are now allowed. This is a major benefit for banks and businesses which, in the past, have incurred financial penalties for these transactions. (A u-turn transaction occurs when funds are transferred from a foreign bank to a U.S. bank and then on to another foreign bank.)
5. Bank through U.S. institutions
American banks are permitted to open accounts for Cuban nationals in the United States, to receive payment for authorized work.
6. Import
Authorized goods and services produced by Cuban private entrepreneurs for import to the United States now include Cuban-made software applications, such as mobile applications.
7. Conduct third-party trade
Individuals in third countries may now purchase or acquire merchandise of Cuban origin for personal use and consumption.
8. Dock cargo ships
Cargo vessels may now travel to Cuba and continue on to other destinations.
9. Pursue 'educational' travel
Without applying for the licenses previously required, Americans may now self-select the required educational license they want to use, then travel to Cuba independently; they no longer have to submit an application.
Previously, travelers had to follow an educational "People-to-People" itinerary (as the U.S. government calls it) with an authorized organization -- and high fees. Those strictures have been lifted; however, due to the ongoing embargo, outright tourism remains illegal. Receipts and records should be stored for up to five years in case of an audit.
10. Make grants to Cuban nationals
In addition to humanitarian grants and educational grants, scholarships and awards may be offered to qualified Cuban nationals. With its large supply of well-educated but severely underpaid professionals, Cuba provides a labor market bustling with potential and opportunity.
Its market of 11 million people is composed primarily of a highly educated labor force (with a 99 percent literacy rate), many of whom are English-speaking professionals, with an average salary of $20 to $30 per month.This presents plenty of opportunity for U.S. companies to hire Cubans for a variety of services, while saving on labor costs and offering better local wages.
The changes will likely provide unique niche markets that companies and business owners can potentially tap into.
As noted, companies such as Netflix, Airbnb and Sprint have successfully already entered the Cuban market. However, even though a U.S. company obtains authorization to do business in Cuba, the legal procedures there can be tight and slow. Companies such as Florida Produce, AT&T and Carnival Cruise Line, are currently waiting in line for the Cuban government's approval.
It is therefore critical that businesses familiarize themselves with Cuban laws. Gaining U.S. authorization to do business in Cuba is only half the battle. The new regulations might also be revoked, depending on who becomes the next U.S. president, in 2017.
Related: Airbnb Lands in Cuba
Meanwhile, Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes has expressed the Obama administration's intentions to make the new regulations permanent: “We very much want to make the process of normalization irreversible," Rhodes said. "And part of the reason… for going on the trip earlier in the [current] year is to utilize [that event] to accelerate the process of normalization.”
(Content note: Abortion, misogyny.)
Welcome back from Turkey Day! Today I want to talk briefly about something that happened last week over at Ex-Communications and what that situation tells us about where we are as a society.
I Belong To Me is a brilliant post about self-ownership and consent as it relates to Christianity's culture of toxicity. It's no surprise that the religion's more abusive elements have a real problem with consent, and Dani Kelley (whose blog is here) outlines dozens of ways that Christianity struggles to align itself with that new value. Consent is a very important topic to me–I've written about it here, here, and here, among numerous other posts. So you can bet I took particular note of what Dani had to say.
I want you to take a look at her post–not just because it's brilliant but because it also illustrates something I think we need to look at here.
Out of the entire post, which is about 2000 words long, Dani mentions ONE SENTENCE about abortion, which she backs up with a citation regarding the tragic death of Savita in Ireland:
When women are forced to carry pregnancies to term against their will, Christianity has a consent problem.
That's it. That's the one mention she made in the entire post. As a percentage of total output, chances are I talk more about abortion in a given week than Dani did in this post. She talked quite a lot about how women are viewed as property and how children are viewed as possessions to be treated worse than animals sometimes, about how toxic Christians want rights over other people's lives while remaining free of any oversight at all themselves, oh yes, but the one thing that got some of the post's readers hopping was–you saw this coming, right?–that one line about abortion.
There's an internet law that runs thusly: “The comments on any blog post or news article online about feminism justify the existence of feminism.”
And I think we can add to that law: “The comments on any blog post or news article online about abortion justify the need for safe, legal, on-demand abortion.”
We could extend this saying very easily to something else that happened recently, a sort of anti-Dani event wherein Rafael Cruz openly called for the ushering in of a “theocracy” headed by right-wing conservative Christian fundagelicals, the first of whose plans are to totally criminalize abortion. Their rhetoric is painfully familiar (and even more painfully inaccurate–I've never wanted a “citation needed!” tag more than I do now):
Fifty-seven million women are walking around with the emotional scars of abortion, that only Jesus can heal. That's the real war on women, we need to turn it on them. When they talk to you about the ‘right to choose' who chooses for that baby? We cannot acquiesce to their rhetoric.
The link very clearly calls out this misogynistic thinking for what it is: the insistence that Christian-right leaders have, this delusion they enjoy so grandly, is the idea that they have some right to ownership over the bodies of American women, some say in what violates us or does not violate us, the right and obligation to strip us of our liberty and rights the second they think someone else needs our bodies, some calling to take away our bodies' car keys and drive for a little while because we're just too stupid to be trusted with our own bodies. It should not surprise us to hear that they think that the “person” making the demand upon a woman's body–be it a man or a fetus–takes precedence over the consent of the actual owner of that body, because they literally do not think that people own their own bodies anyway. And that was the whole point Dani was making in her post.
The second women's independence and autonomy becomes a hassle for someone else, the second toxic Christians think someone else needs our bodies' use, then all of our rights can be just whisked away… all for our own good. We'll thank them in the end. Our consent is absolutely irrelevant in the name of that greater good. The ends justify the means. That they disguise this utter contempt for both decency and American ideals as compassion for anybody just makes such a display of pure, unmitigated evil all the more grotesque and disturbing.
Really, the most obscene thing here is the evidence of the newest tactic forced-birthers are using: manipulating language to try to make Americans think that the real “war on women” is the one abortion-rights advocates are waging to try to make sure that women have access to all the reproductive options they need. The pure cognitive dissonance here is mind-blowing, but that's where we are now: if they just say something often enough, it will magically become true, and catchphrases like that–uttered by their biggest names, like Sarah Palin (who insists alternately the the real “war on women” is the lamestream media laughing their asses off at her family's drunken brawl recently and abortion rights, depending on how picked-on Princess Quittypants feels this week)–stick very easily in minds that are gloriously uncluttered by simple things like compassion or facts.
And we saw some of that attitude in evidence in the reaction to Dani's excellent piece.
There's a kneejerk reaction among forced-birthers by now about abortion. It's a bit like how Creationists get riled up about any mention of evolution or the age of the universe–the second they see anything about abortion at all, they're already queuing up talking points to zing off. But most of us don't tangle with Creationists all that often; they tend to be fairly insular. Not forced-birthers. They're everywhere. And worse, they genuinely think–despite all the evidence to the contrary–that the anti-abortion fight is about babies or fetuses or women's health or whatever their Dear Leaders are saying this week, and those are of course very important and grand causes that require internet warriors to fire salvo after salvo any time those causes are threatened by ignorant baby-killing feminist sex-hungry sluts.
Whenever abortion gets brought up, people claiming to be lawyers and medical types crawl out of the woodwork to offer their opinions about why abortion should be outlawed and why women's consent is irrelevant. It's so disheartening and dizzying and discouraging: how can these forced-birthers not understand that what they are basically saying is that they own women's bodies and are claiming for themselves the right to make women's personal, intimate decisions for them and force those women to take medical risks against their will? How do they not know that what they are doing is condemning women to a 24/7 imprisonment on behalf of an almighty fetus, generally as punishment for having had unapproved sex? How can they not see that what they're really doing is penalizing poor women, who face the greatest obstacles in a society that condemns abortion and makes it harder to access, while wealthy women will, as they always have, access the care they need in other ways and escape zealots' grasp? How can they not see that they are making women's lives riskier and more dangerous by talking like this, when the evidence has piled up into a tsunami wave that making abortion harder to get kills women?
How can they not see that what they are really saying is that they want sex to be insanely risky so women will quit having it, that what they're admitting is that they really just want the right to punish women who have consensual (and sometimes even non-consensual) sex? How obvious do they have to make it that they are infuriated that women might move beyond their punitive grasp? In reserving for ourselves the right to abort women have thumbed our noses at these controllers' attempts to punish us, and nowhere do we see their fury in evidence more than in how they react when a woman–when any woman–dares to assert her freedom from their control.
I'm glad that Dani talked about what she did. I'm glad she included that line about abortion. It is very clear to me that obviously this was something that needed to be said. This is something we should be talking about.
One of Christianity's most toxic legacies–and one of its most enduring, damn it–is this idea it pushed into our culture that women's bodies are public property and that women's most intimate personal decisions are therefore up to adjudication, judgement, and ultimately negation if someone else finds those decisions inconvenient or counter to the narrative that person holds about women. If someone else needs our body, be it a partner wanting to fuck it or a fetus wanting to gestate in it, we are expected to take second place and let the violation occur no matter how we feel about it. Hell, I've seen entire articles–which I will not list here because fuck them in the necks about how women should just roll over and fuck their (male, obvs) mates on demand because it makes men feel happy to have sex on tap and OMG WON'T SOMEONE JUST THINK OF ALL THOSE SAD, FORLORN LITTLE BONERS GOING TO WASTE? Curiously absent from these pieces are statements from decent, moral, compassionate men who would rather die than discover that the women they love are unwilling and only fucking them out of a sense of obligation. Toxic Christians live in a world where it is far more preferable to gain forgiveness than permission, and where they would rather wreak their odious wills on an unwilling person than not get their way at all.
Men simply don't face that same level of oversight–and why should they? They're men. While they too face a certain amount of ownership/slavery talk, their very bodies and self-ownership rights do not regularly land on the chopping block to be negotiated and adjudicated, their sexual histories pored over, their private decisions negated–unless they too fall outside the narrative by being transgender or gay or acting in perceptibly non-stereotypical ways.
But women are a whole other matter. Women's physical bodies are possessions; under the Christian narrative we belong to someone at every stage of our lives–to a father, to a husband, to a god–in the person of a male pastor, of course–and ultimately to the state if nothing else. We don't just get to decide what we will or won't do with our own bodies. That's a downright dangerous level of self-ownership and self-determination. It threatens absolutely everything about the hierarchical patriarchy that toxic Christians hold dear, and they know it.
Ultimately, you know why the one line that forced-birther commenters seized on to talk about in Dani's post was about abortion?
Because self-ownership is the wellspring from which all the other things she discussed leap. If someone doesn't think that, ultimately, all humans own their own personal bodies, then nothing else there is going to make a lot of sense. If toxic Christians can preserve the notion in our society that someone always owns a woman's body and can always override her personal decisions, then that clears the way for a lot of other equally-grotesque injustices.
That's why they sprang upon Dani, and why indeed they spring upon any woman who dares to assert the unthinkable: that she owns herself, and that she refuses to negotiate that ownership, to concede a single iota of ownership to anybody else, or to discuss any carving-away of her ownership to maintain peace with people who will not be satisfied with an assassinated Archduke at Sarajevo and will settle for nothing less than a total steamrolling of Europe. As Rafael Cruz has so foolishly said in his out-loud voice, what his tribe wants is total dominion over the rest of us, and that's going to be a lot harder to achieve if we all go thinking we own ourselves. They have nothing less in mind than bringing back the 1950s by way of the Victorian Age, where strong-jawed men provided for families containing sweet, submissive, pretty wives and docile, bright-eyed children. They have this idea in their heads of the Happy Christian Nation, and it all hinges on the idea of society working best as a rigid hierarchy where someone's value is based on skin color, gender, sexuality, and wealth.
That's why they paint women's self-ownership in such stark and negative terms.
So… sorry, forced-birthers. It doesn't matter if the entity wishing to use my body is a boyfriend, a husband, a stranger, a doctor, or a fetus. It doesn't matter if what is violating my body is a person's sex organ, a medical instrument, or a fetus. Every single use of my personal and physical body requires my ongoing and enthusiastic consent, which I can withdraw at any point for any reason or even for no reason at all. I'm not even required to tell you why I'm refusing or explain myself to anyone.
I will not negotiate my rights with anybody. I will not concede one single inch. I will not back down. I will not wrangle. I will not argue. I will not make concessions in hopes that maybe one day I'll get my full and equal rights with men. I saw how well that tactic worked for African-Americans and LGBTQ people and I refuse to make that mistake now.
I own my body. It's that simple.
And it blows my mind that it's almost 2015CE and someone still needs to say this shit.
North Korea's daily war bluffs may be (rightfully) ignored by the market, but an unexpected and tragic development comes out of Boston, where local media reports of two explosions and numerous injuries:
Where the blasts occurred, via the WSJ:
What happened:
According to the NY Post there are at 12 casualties so far, although according to the Boston PD 2 are dead and 22 are hurt.
A federal law-enforcement source told The Post there are at least 12 dead and twice as many injured. Law-enforcement sources said at least the first explosion occurred in the lobby of the Fairmont Hotel.
Two explosions shattered the euphoria of the Boston Marathon finish line on Monday, sending authorities out on the course to carry off the injured while the stragglers in the 26.2-mile trek from Hopkinton were rerouted away from the smoking site of the blasts.
A more credible report comes from Reuters:
Two explosions hit the Boston Marathon as runners crossed the finish line on Monday, killing at least two people and injuring 23 on a day when tens of thousands of people pack the streets to watch one of the world's best known marathons.
Boston police also reported another explosion at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library, which is three miles from the marathon's finishing line.
"We are not certain that these incidents are related, but we are treating them as if they are," Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis told a news conference.
Boston police said two people were killed and 23 injured in the explosions on the marathon scene.
Two high-level U.S. law enforcement officials said one or more bombs were responsible for the explosions.
"It sounded like a sonic boom. I haven't stopped shaking yet," said Melissa Stanley, who watched her daughter cross the finish line four minutes before the explosions.
A fireball rose from behind spectators and a row of flags, video posted on the New York Post website showed. Other pictures showed blood stains on the ground and several people knocked down.
Massachusetts General Hospital was treating 19 victims of the explosion in its emergency room, six of them in critical condition, a spokeswoman said.
Witnesses said two explosions hit as spectators were cheering on people finishing the Boston Marathon, which was first run in 1897.
Reporters in the media center heard two blasts.
Mike Mitchell of Vancouver, Canada, a runner who had finished the race, said he was looking back at the finish line and saw a "massive explosion."
Smoke rose 50 feet in the air, Mitchell said. People began running and screaming after hearing the noise, Mitchell said.
"Everybody freaked out," Mitchell said.
Ambulances, fire trucks and dozens of police vehicles converged at the finish line.
U.S. President Barack Obama was notified and directed his administration to provide whatever assistance was necessary, the White House said. Obama was being briefed by Homeland Security Adviser Lisa Monaco and other staff, the White House said.
Authorities tightened security in Washington and New York.
"Blood everywhere, victims carried out on stretchers. I saw someone lose their leg, people are crying," the Boston Globe's Steve Silva reported from the scene, the Globe said on Twitter.
Hundreds of thousands of spectators typically line the 26.2 mile race course, with the heaviest crowds near the finish line. The blasts occurred more than five hours after the start of the race, at a time when most top athletes were off the course but slower amateur marathoners were still running.
The transit agency shut down all service to the area, citing police activity.
Ambulances arrived on the scene within minutes and runners and spectators could be seen crying and consoling each other.
The Boston Marathon has been held on Patriots Day, the third Monday of April, since 1897. The event, which starts in Hopkinton, Massachusetts and ends Boston's Copley Square, attracts an estimated half-million spectators and some 20,000 participants every year.
Earlier on Monday, Ethiopia's Lelisa Desisa and Kenya's Rita Jeptoo won the men's and women's events, continuing African runners' dominance in the sport.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of Labour supporters braved a grey and drizzly evening to hear Andy Burnham speak in London tonight.
There are just three weeks to go until the results of the leadership contest are announced - and the one-time favourite to win is playing catch up to left-wing firebrand Jeremy Corbyn.
But tonight Burnham was supported by an all star cast of backers - including former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott and former Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer.
Even #Milifandom founder Abby Tomlinson - perhaps Burnham's most prized endorsement - put in an appearance.
Here's what we learned from Andy Burnham's London rally.
1. He's got pulling power
(Image: Mikey Smith)
To use a Burnham friendly football metaphor, it was standing room only in St Pancras Parish Church tonight.
Between the pews on the floor and the sizeable balcony, there were easily enough in attendance to fill the 500 seats.
Not Corbyn numbers, but an impressive turnout for a political event on a drizzly August evening.
2. John Prescott is an excellent warm-up man
(Image: Mikey Smith)
The fired-up former deputy PM was on fine form this evening.
He handled the handful of hecklers ably. One, who shouted something along the lines of "what about Iraq" was dispatched with: "I'm coming to that, sunshine" - prompting him to describe the invasion as "wrong."
He took to task senior Labour figures who he sees as causing division within the party.
Starting with old comrade Tony Blair, he slammed the former Prime Minister's suggestion that if Labour members' hearts are drawn towards Jeremy Corbyn they need a "heart transplant" as "stupid and abusive".
And he had a pop at Chuka Umunna and Tristram Hunt, too - describing them as the "gang of two" for their plan to start a "party within a party".
Of Hunt, he said: "He's a fine academic, I'm sure. I wish he'd stayed at university."
3. Andy Burnham is an entertainer
(Image: Mikey Smith)
We're starting to think Burnham might be setting himself up with a career in stand up comedy, should his Labour leadership dreams fail to become reality.
Here's a selection of the jokes he came out with tonight.
"One Direction are splitting up next year - I'm not going to let the same happen to Labour."
"It's been such a long campaign, I can barely remember when I was frontrunner."
"George Osborne's dad wants to frack the desolate North. I think he wants to something else beginning with 'f' to the North"
4. He wants to 'run the Tories ragged'
(Image: Mikey Smith)
Burnham's most repeated phrase through tonight's event was a pledge to 'run the Tories ragged.' He said it at least four times.
He promised the Labour party under his leadership would be the "toughest opposition this country has seen."
"And it will be opposition with a purpose," he added. "It will be opposition not just to take on the Tories, but to kick them out."
5. He says the last Labour government were "out of touch"
(Image: Mikey Smith)
Burnham gave quite a moving speech at the end of the Q&A session in response to a question on a subject close to his heart- the Hillsborough disaster.
He said: "I did go to Anfield in 2009 as culture secretary, to the city of my birth. The place where my family comes from.
"And I did go, I have to say, representing that day an out of touch government...worse, I went representing an out of touch Labour party.
"We were a party that hadn't been listening to our own people - our own grass roots. We were so close to certain vested interests in the media that we couldn't hear a whole city - a Labour city - crying injustice for all of those years."
He went on to say that his roots were in a community which knows how to "stand together and fight together."
"I went back to Westminster," he added. "and I took on that establishment over Hillsborough."
6. And he wants to give the party its hope back
(Image: Mikey Smith)
Borrowing lines from the 2008 Obama campaign is a risky move - but Burnham decided it was worth a punt.
He told the crowd he wanted to "give Labour its hope back."
He said: "We need a Labour party that can think big again. A Labour party that can dare to dream. That can give people hope.
He added: "I don't just want policies that will be hopeless dreams, pie in the sky. I want policies that can win for Labour.
"This party needs some belief back. I've heard people say we can't win next time, so we may as well have taken a gamble and have an experiment with the leadership. It doesn't matter because we can't win.
"We need that belief back in Labour hearts. We're no good to anybody if we're defeatist and downcast. We're no good if we're beating ourselves up, arguing.
"If we give up on winning we give up on the millions of people out there waiting for the Labour party they once knew to rise up again.
"I believe that a Labour government of any complexion is better for this country than a Tory government.
"If you feel the same as me, if you want a party with its pride back, with belief that it can win, then I ask for your support in this contest."
7. He says he's the candidate that can reunite the party - one family at a time
(Image: Mikey Smith)
Burnham renewed his calls for unity within the Labour party - and inadvertently caused harmony to break out between a father and son.
Burnham supporter Paul and his teenage son Julian were having a rather heated exchange of views as they waited for the speeches to kick off.
Paul, a Labour member "on and off" since 1988, was almost certain he would back Burnham in the election, while Julian found himself drawn to Jeremy Corbyn.
After the event, The Mirror caught up with them to see if either of their minds had been changed.
"I went to see Jeremy on Saturday," explained Julian. "And I wanted to come here because I was torn between the two. I feel like they're the lefty ones - obviously Jeremy moreso. I was leaning towards Jeremy."
Paul said: "I just think Burnham's the more electable candidate. The other two candidates are too associated with the Blairite way of doing things. Burnham seems like a fresher way forward - but still quite in the centre left."
Julian admitted he'd convinced by Burnham: "Tonight Andy distinguished himself as being away from the rest of them - the others all seem like the Westminster elite.
"I feel like he represents me a lot more."
As the latest response to the regulatory pressure, Haobtc plans to remove “trading” feature and shutdown of CNY deposit on Monday. Bitkan also chose to stay low by suspending verification of new OTC traders. Chinese traders are seeking genuine bitcoin trade price.
Haobtc released a statement Monday:
in order to formulate bitcoin industrial AML standard and upgrade the AML system of platform, Haobtc will remove the built-in “trading platform” from wallet and no longer accept CNY deposit. Other applications of the site like wallets, mining pools and hashing are not affected. Users may transfer the balance from exchange account to the wallet account by 15th Feb otherwise the transfer will be conducted via system automatically after 16th Feb.
Market price dropped around 30 USD but slowly recovered a little from the hit. 8btc contacted haobtc but received no comments so far. However, Jiang Zhuo'er , offers opinion from an insider's standing:
To cope with regulatory pressure, Haobtc first introduced 5% fee on all CNY deposit in order to deter MMM players. It turns out that MMM traders don't care the mere 5% fee and they find Haobtc the only exchange they can withdraw coins instantly. Another option for haobtc is to split the exchange accounts from the wallet accounts and forbid cross-account transfer. But this option will leave the exchange with 3M users and forex traders, aka the trouble-makers.
So the best option is to shut down the exchange completely.
Haobtc evolves from a wallet and mining pool service provider into an infant stage of exchange. The decision to shutdown exchange will be a great step backward. However it maybe a wise move to protect the integrity of wallet, the foothold in the ecosystem. Earlier today, Haobtc tweets to confirm the reason:
“The decision to close our Exchange is obviously NOT at the behest of PBOC. We are about to do this because HaoBTC is fundamentally a Wallet. Therefore, when the Exchange became a potential risk to the Wallet, we have to close it to make sure that our Wallet is perfectly safe.”
Meanwhile, Bitkan also announced the suspension of verifying new OTC traders.
OTC market in China is weak in the past few years as it has no advantage over the services of exchanges in terms of orderbook liquidity, convenience and security. There are not much OTC options at the moment. CNY trade on localbitcoins is booming . Bitpie qq group now has 538 members and newbies keep on asking how to trade and withdraw. Bitpie features onchain p2p exchange based on multisig technology. Bitcoinworld is even less known to the public. Some even have developed a wechat chatbot to facilitate trading.
There are other more discreet channels for OTC trade like wechat group or qq group to entertain wholesale dealers. It's said that OTC had around 30 USD premium against exchange price, which, however, could not be confirmed. It seems that the general traders have already lost track of authentic bitcoin price during the transition period.
Similar to previous character releases, Omen's Killer Instinct debut will becombined with a number of changes to both the core gameplay mechanics and balance adjustments for the rest of the cast. Iron Galaxy Studio's Kraig “Klaige” Kujawa recently took to the Ultra-Combo forums to share these tweaks with the players who congregate there, providing a nice look at how the title will change later this week.
While a number of bugs are addressed in the patch, it also includes quite a few interesting updates, including a new way for Jago to earn a bit more Instinct meter, increases to the Potential Damage doled out by Fulgore's Devastation Beam, and more. The full list can be found below.
Killer Instinct 2.3 Update Changes System Changes White health healing rates will increase over time if you aren't hit, letting you heal large amounts of white health faster if you play safely.
If throws and projectiles/attacks hit on the same frame previously, the throw would take priority. Now, the projectile/attack will take priority. This should eliminate a number of inescapable setups on wakeup across most characters.
Previously, when a combo ended with the opponent standing after a KO, there was 1 frame in which that character could still be hit and a new combo would start. This has been fixed, removing “deadbody” infinites from the game.
Characters can now tech out during Blowout reactions if their opponent attempts a Counter Breaker.
The window for performing an Auto Double after a jump in attack is now checked dynamically, so it should no longer be possible to perform a blocked Auto Double after a jump in. If it isn't going to combo, you'll get the neutral version of the button you pressed instead.
Fixed a bug that caused character's gravity values to get stuck when getting hit out of the start of their Counter Breaker attempt by an opponent's projectile.
You are no longer allowed to use Ultra Enders during a Grab animation, as this was breaking the attacker out of the animation while the reacting player just got slammed around.
Fixed a bug that allowed players to perform unbreakable combos by canceling into shadow enders during an attack's hitstop. This may make some of your cancels hit a frame or two later than you are used to but was necessary to avoid unbreakable combos.
Fixed a bug where non-comboed sequential wall splats resulted in a blowout.
Fixed a bug where characters could not perform an Ultra following an Opener that started a combo.
Fixed a bug where starting a combo with projectiles lead to not being able to perform and ultra. Jago If Jago completes one revolution of his Around the World auto double series, he generates a little bit of instinct meter for himself. Sabrewulf Fixed a bug where Shadow Eclipse was breakable as an ender following a manual. Glacius Fixed a bug preventing Shadow Hail projectiles from destroying themselves properly if Glacius used a Counter Breaker.
Victims of Glacius' throws are no longer vulnerable to attacks until after Glacius plays his throw damage event. This prevents a game crash that occurred if a projectile hit before Glacius did. Thunder Lowered vulnerable boxes on a number of moves to fix Thunder being able to jump out of Riptor's Flame Carpet, or avoid its combos.
Fixed a missing kara cancel window for Shadow Call of Earth.
Fixed a bug where Thunder's enders were higher priority than shadow moves when canceling a manual attack. Sadira Fixed a bug that prevented Sadira from doing Linkers after Manuals if the combo was opened with an Instinct Web.
Fixed a bug that was preventing Sadira from attempting a counter breaker during the super freeze startup of Shadow Linker Blade Demon.
Blade Demon moves had a bugged amount of hit-shake on block in some situations, causing some characters to vibrate out of control.
Fixed a bug preventing players from inputting their next move as early as other characters during a heavy punch auto double. Orchid Lowered vulnerable boxes on a number of moves to fix Orchid being able to avoid Riptor's Flame Carpet.
Orchid now has collision when falling from her airthrow to make follow ups more consistent.
Orchid can no longer summon Firecat when falling down from an air counter breaker, preventing a few safe counter breaker setups.
Fixed a bug that was preventing Orchid from attempting a counter breaker during the super freeze startup of Shadow Linker Fire Cat. Spinal Fixed a bug that prevented Spinal from doing Linkers after Manuals if the combo was opened with a Heavy Searing Skull. Fulgore Devastation Beam deals additional Potential Damage on hit. It also deals this Potential Damage on block! Devastating!
During Instinct Mode, Fulgore can press HP+HK to perform a Reactor Charge, gaining 1 pip. TJ Combo Fixed a bug that let TJ get medium manuals off of a light Spin Fist Linker.
Fixed a bug that caused enders to be blockable after Light Punch manuals.
Fixed a bug that was preventing TJ from attempting a counter breaker during the super freeze startup of Shadow Linker Flying Knee.
Fixed a bug that prevented Heavy Auto Doubles from comboing in some situations off of Tremor and Flying Knee linkers.
Made it possible to combo into Level 4 Powerline Ender and Level 3 Tremor Ender from a crouching light kick manual. Maya Lowered vulnerable boxes on a number of moves to fix Maya being able to avoid Riptor's Flame Carpet.
Fixed a bug causing Maya to play the wrong animation when being thrown forward by another Maya. Kan-Ra Fixed a bug where Kan-Ra's level 2, 3, and 4 Scarab Swarm enders would not face the opponent if Kan-Ra changed sides mid combo. This frequently happened following a Shadow Dervish. Riptor Run Back HP is no longer counted as airborne until frame 3. This used to allow her to guarantee that, at worst on wakeup, she would take an air hit, meaning only a character with a bit forward moving recapture could punish her.
Increased block pushback on Riptor's crouching flame breath and instinct crouching frame breath to prevent a block infinite.
Fixed a bug that allowed Riptor's heavy shoulder charge and level 2 run to absorb multiple hits with superarmor.
Fixed a bug where Riptor's Shadow Shoulder Charge was not punishable by shadow counters.
Fixed a bug that prevented the ground bounce from Jumping Heavy Kick from working on a crouching opponent.
Ultra Ender is now unblockable to fix a rare case where it could be blocked.
Adjusted the cancel window on Standing Close HP to be closer to the active frames so it feels more natural.
Fixed a bug where Riptor could cancel her Shadow Talon Rake Linker into other linkers, which is forbidden by the combo system.
Fixed a bug preventing Riptor's Level 3 Tail Flip Ender from leaving the ground.
Fixed a bug where Riptor's Level 4 Tail Flip Ender could whiff the first hit.
Adjusted proximity boxes on Riptor's predator stance moves to follow the rules for other attacks.
Fixed a bug that caused the ground version of Tail Flip to not ever have attack boxes while cursed by Kan-Ra.
Fixed a bug that caused players to blow out during Riptor's stage ultra.
Fixed a bug that forced players to break Tail Flip attacks with the wrong strengths.
Killer Instinct will be updated to ver.2.3 this Friday, January 30. Season 2 Ultra Edition owners will be able to play Omen on the same day, but folks who stuck with the Combo Breaker pack will have to wait until February 5.
Source: Ultra-Combo
Joanne Schnurr, CTV Ottawa
Mothers of transgendered children are launching what they're calling a "bathroom movement" tomorrow. It's in protest over an amendment to a bill that they say would prevent their children from using public washrooms.
For Ottawa-area mother Anne Lowthian, this bathroom protest is at the core of her fight for the rights of her daughter Charlie.
‘I have never been in a men's washroom,' Lowthian said from her Stittsville home, with Charlie by her side, ‘I don't belong in men's washroom.'
She says neither does nine-year-old Charlie, who is biologically male but identifies as a female.
‘These six other moms and my mom,' says Charlie Lowthian-Rickert, are all going in the face of danger for us transgender people to save us from living a life of grief.'
That "danger" is using the men's washroom in public places beginning this Saturday until a controversial amendment to Bill C-279 is dropped. Lowthian will be joined by another mother in Ottawa at the Museum of Nature for her noon protest. Two mothers in Toronto and two in Saskatoon will take part in the protest at the same time.
Bill C-279 would essentially protect transgender people from discrimination. That private member's bill passed the House of Commons two years ago. Last month, though, Senator Don Plett introduced three amendments, including a controversial one dubbed the “bathroom bill” that the transgender community argues would prevent them from using public washrooms in federal spaces.
Charlie's mom says if passed, it would prevent Charlie from using the women's restroom, in places like the airport, post offices and military bases even though Charlie identifies as a girl.
Senator Plett did not agree to an interview today but maintained his amendment isn't about access to bathroom; it's about the safety of young children in public bathrooms.
"Whether or not it is called 'the bathroom bill,' he said during Senate debate, "it allows for pedophiles to take advantage of legislation that we have in place."
Amanda Ryan is with a transgender support organization in Ottawa, fighting Plett's amendment.
‘I see it as transphobic,' she says, ‘it makes me a second class citizen, it makes me someone not allowed to use same facilities anyone else in Canadian society and why not? Why shouldn't I be able to use the same facilities? We're not causing difficulties.'
Charlie's mother has vowed to use the men's washrooms in public until this amendment is quashed. It's a fight she's willing to make for the sake of her daughter.
‘We are inspired by our daughter,' says Lowthian, ‘She is a miracle to us and has been since day she was born.'
Health premium increases meet resistance HEALTH INSURANCE
Philip Brouwer (right) of Los Gatos, a claimant in a lawsuit against Blue Shield, talks with attorney Alan Mansfield. Philip Brouwer (right) of Los Gatos, a claimant in a lawsuit against Blue Shield, talks with attorney Alan Mansfield. Photo: Beck Diefenbach, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Beck Diefenbach, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Health premium increases meet resistance 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Hundreds of thousands of Californians covered by the state's largest health insurers are facing double-digit premium hikes, and regulators and consumers are pushing back.
On Thursday, the state insurance commissioner said Blue Shield of California's proposed health premium increases - averaging 11.7 percent for most policyholders, but nearing 20 percent for some - were unreasonable.
"California's health insurers are proposing double-digit increases in spite of the fact the data doesn't support them," said Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones. He said the department's review of the March 1 increases for 268,000 individual policyholders showed Blue Shield overestimated how much medical care its consumers would use.
A day earlier, the Department of Managed Health Care, the state's other health insurance regulator, deemed rate increases by both Blue Shield and Aetna to be unreasonable.
Blue Shield's 11.8 percent increase, which went into effect March 1, affects 27,000 individual policyholders while Aetna's 11.4 percent increase is scheduled to be imposed on 20,000 small-business customers on April 1. In addition, Aetna is seeking premiums averaging nearly 19 percent higher for about 70,000 individual policyholders that, once approved, will also go into effect April 1.
Long string of increases
Health insurers in recent years have hit consumers - particularly those who buy their coverage as individuals or who are covered through small-business plans - with stunning rate increases that were met, like this time, with considerable pushback from consumers and regulators. The insurers say increasing medical care costs driven by doctors, hospitals and expensive new technology have justified their actions.
But this round of requests is especially sensitive in light of the fact that, starting Jan. 1, most Americans will be required to buy health insurance, and insurers will not be able to charge higher rates or reject applicants based on their medical history.
"What we're seeing is advance of health reform - when, come Jan. 1, insurance companies have to take everybody - insurance companies are jacking up rates to push consumers into lower-benefit policies," said Jerry Flanagan, lead staff attorney with Consumer Watchdog.
Flanagan's group is suing Blue Shield on behalf of consumers, alleging the nonprofit San Francisco insurer is violating state law and committing fraud by pushing customers out of some plans by giving them the choice of paying much higher rates or going into another policy with lower rates, higher out-of-pocket costs and skimpier benefits.
Critics' claims rejected
Health insurers, for their part, said they are doing nothing of the sort.
Blue Shield spokesman Steve Shivinsky rejected the accusations. "The rate increase we announced is an accurate reflection of the costs we're projecting for 2013 expenses," he said.
Shivinsky said health insurers aren't the problem when it comes to rising medical costs. "If you want to look at what's driving costs it's the rising cost of delivering the care. It's the cost of hospital, pharmaceutical care, the cost of (medical) implants," he said. "The percentage of costs that can actually be attributed back to the insurer is minimal."
But to consumers like Philip Brouwer, a claimant in the lawsuit against Blue Shield, that reasoning doesn't make sense. He was hit with a 29.7 percent increase when he turned 60 in July, followed by another nearly 20 percent increase later the same year.
"I don't believe for a moment Blue Shield is a nonprofit," said the Los Gatos resident. "It's a hugely profitable formula they've got going on."
Regulators lack teeth
Despite the protestations by California's health insurance regulators, little more than public shaming may come out of the efforts. In California, the regulators lack authority to reject or modify rates.
Still, some insurers, in the face of scrutiny, have agreed to drop proposed increases or reduce the increases. Anthem Blue Cross last month said it would scale back a proposed increase of nearly 18 percent to just below 14 percent for 630,000 members.
A ballot initiative, which is backed by Consumer Watchdog and scheduled for the November 2014 ballot, would give state regulators the authority they lack. On a similar track, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., on Wednesday proposed federal legislation that would give power to federal health officials to act upon rate increases in states that, like California, haven't given their regulators the clout to turn back the proposed increases.
LINCOLN & KENNEDY COINCIDENCES
(last updated April 14-24, 2012)
Readers are invited to add to this developing and evolving compilation of coincidences:
- Lincoln's name has 7 letters
- Kennedy's name has 7 letters
- In Lincoln's & Kennedy's names the vowels & consonants fall in exactly the same place;***
in the order c, v, c, c, v, c, c
- Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846
- Kennedy was elected to Congress in 1946
- Lincoln was elected president in 1860
- Kennedy was elected president in 1960
- Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln
- Lincoln had an aide named Kennedy
- War was thrust upon Lincoln almost immediately after inauguration
- War was thrust upon Kennedy almost immediately after inauguration
- Lincoln ordered the Treasury to print its own money
- Kennedy ordered the Treasury to print its own money
- International bankers may have arranged the assassinations of Lincoln and Kennedy
- Lincoln gave negroes freedom and legalized equality
- Kennedy enforced equality for negroes
- Lincoln delivered the Gettysburg Address on November 19, 1863
- Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963
- Lincoln was loved by the common people and hated by the establishment
- Kennedy was loved by the common people and hated by the establishment
- Lincoln was succeeded, after assassination, by vice-president Johnson
- Kennedy was succeeded, after assassination, by vice-president Johnson
- Andrew Johnson was born in 1808
- Lyndon Johnson was born in 1908
- Andrew Johnson's name has 13 letters
- Lyndon Johnson's name has 13 letters
- Andrew Johnson had a pug nose and slicked-back hair
- Lyndon Johnson had a pug nose and slicked-back hair
- Lincoln was sitting beside his wife when he was shot
- Kennedy was sitting beside his wife when he was shot
- Rathbone, who was with Lincoln when he was shot, was injured (by being stabbed)
- Connally, who was with Kennedy when he was shot, was injured (by being shot)
- Rathbone's name has 8 letters
- Connally's name has 8 letters
- Lincoln's wife held his head in her lap after he was shot
- Kennedy's wife held his head in her lap after he was shot
- Lincoln was shot on a Friday
- Kennedy was shot on a Friday
- Lincoln was shot in a theatre named Ford
- Kennedy was shot in a car made by Ford
- Kennedy was shot in a car named Lincoln
- Lincoln's bodyguard was away from his post at the door of the President's box at the theatre
- Kennedy's bodyguards were away from their posts on the running-boards of the President's car
- Lincoln was shot in a theatre and his assassin ran to a warehouse
- JFK was shot from a warehouse and his alleged assassin ran to a theatre
- Lincoln's assassin had a three-worded name, John Wilkes Booth
- Kennedy's alleged assassin had a three-worded name, Lee Harvey Oswald
- John Wilkes Booth has 15 letters
- Lee Harvey Oswald has 15 letters
- John Wilkes Booth was born in 1839 (s/b 1838)
- Lee Harvey Oswald was born in 1939
- Lincoln didn't die immediately after being shot
- Kennedy didn't die immediately after being shot
- Lincoln and Kennedy died in places beginning with the initials P and H
- Lincoln died in Petersen's house
- Kennedy died in Parkland Hospital
- Booth was shot and killed* in police custody before going to trial
- Oswald was shot and killed in police custody before going to trial
- Kennedy's funeral was modelled on Lincoln's funeral
- Andrew Johnson was a heavy drinker with crude behaviour
- Lyndon Johnson was a heavy drinker with crude behaviour
- There were conspiracy theories that Johnson was knowledgeable about Lincoln's assassination
- There were conspiracy theories that Johnson was knowledgeable about Kennedy's assassination**
- Days before it happened Lincoln told his wife and friends about a dream he'd had of being shot by an assassin
- Hours before it happened Kennedy told his wife and friends it would be easy for an assassin to shoot him from a crowd
- Shortly after Lincoln was shot the telegraph system went down
- Shortly after Kennedy was shot the telephone system went down
- Kennedy's father had been the Ambassador to England at the Court of St James
- Lincoln's son became the Ambassador to England at the Court of St James
- Lincoln and Kennedy were 2 of the greatest presidents of the nation
- Lincoln's wife tastefully and expensively re-decorated the White House
- Kennedy's wife tastefully and expensively re-decorated the White House
- Lincoln loved great literature and could recite poetry by heart
- Kennedy loved great literature and could recite poetry by heart
- Lincoln had young children while living at the White House
- Kennedy had young children while living at the White House
- Lincoln's son had a pony he rode on the White House grounds
- Kennedy's daughter had a pony she rode on the White House grounds
- Lincoln lost a child (12 year old son) to death while President
- Kennedy lost a child (newly born son) to death while President
- Lincoln had 2 sons named Robert and Edward. Edward died young and Robert lived on.
- Kennedy had 2 brothers named Robert and Edward. Robert died young and Edward lived on
- Lincoln let his children run and play in his office
- Kennedy let his children run and play in his office
- After Lincoln's assassination the nation experienced an emotional convulsion
- After Kennedy's assassination the nation experienced an emotional convulsion
- the whole world cried when Lincoln died
- the whole world cried when Kennedy died
- Lincoln's funeral train travelled from Washington-DC to New York
- Kennedy's brother's funeral train travelled from New York to Washington-DC
- Lincoln Assassination conspiracy theories are believed these 140 141 years later
- Kennedy Assassination conspiracy theories are believed these 42 43 years later
- Abraham was the first name of the man who filmed Kennedy's murder in the Lincoln
- The man running alongside Kennedy's car snapping pictures with his 35mm camera was a salesman of Lincoln cars
- Kennedy bought a Virginia home that was the 1861 Civil War headquarters of Lincoln's first general-in-chief, McClellan
- Jefferson Davis was the name of the president of the Confederate states while Lincoln was president of the Union states
- Jefferson Davis Tippit was the name of the police officer killed allegedly by Kennedy's alleged assassin
- Lincoln was famous for his wit and for telling hilarious stories and anecdotes
- Kennedy was famous for his wit and for telling hilarious stories and anecdotes
- Lincoln was sitting in a rocking chair at Ford's Theater when he was shot
- Kennedy had a special rocking chair he sat in at the White House
- Henry Ford bought the rocking chair Lincoln died in and put it in his museum in Dearborn
- Kennedy's seat in the Lincoln he was sitting in when he was shot is in Ford's museum
- Lincoln's seat in the Ford he was sitting in when he was shot is in Ford's museum
- John Kennedy is the name of a character in a 1951 movie about a detective travelling by train
to thwart the assassination of President Lincoln
- John Kennedy is the name of the real-life detective who travelled in the train with President Lincoln in 1860
to thwart his assassination
- In 1863, the Tsar sent the war fleet of the Russian empire to assist President Lincoln during the American civil war
- In 1962, during the Kennedy presidency, a fleet of Russian ships transporting instruments of war
were steaming towards America with less benign intent
- Booth was loyal to the south, whose Confederate president was Jefferson Davis ----------------------NEW
- Officer J.D. Tippit was killed [allegedly] by Oswald 2 blocks south of Davis Street and 1 block north of Jefferson Blvd;
The streets run almost parallel and were named after Jefferson Davis
- The officer's initials "J.D." stand for "Jefferson Davis"
- "Davis" is the last name of the people who lived in the house on the corner of Tenth and Patton ---------NEW
where two empty bullet shells were found in the shrubs after the assassin ran diagonally
across their yard on his way to Jefferson Boulevard
- The handgun Oswald allegedly used to kill Tippit was a .38 Smith & Wesson revolver ---------NEW
- The handgun JFK used to announce his location after shipwreck was a .38 Smith & Wesson revolver
- The barrel of the handgun found on Kennedy's alleged killer was 2 1/4 inches long
- The barrel of the handgun used by Lincoln's killer was 2 1/2 inches long
- There are only two times in USA history that incumbent vice-presidents ran for president and lost: --------NEW
- Incumbent Vice-President Breckinridge lost to Lincoln in the 1860 election
- Incumbent Vice-President Nixon lost to Kennedy in the 1960 election
Hank sends a coincidence about vice-presidents Breckinridge & Nixon
OSWALD HANDGUN SAME JFK .38 REVOLVER (Jackie noticed both revolvers were made by Smith & Wesson)
JEFFERSON DAVIS IN LINCOLN-KENNEDY KILLINGS (Ray sends coincidences about the shooting of policeman J D Tippit)
LINCOLN-KENNEDY & CZAR COINCIDENCES (Erwin sends coincidence about Russian war ships sailing to America during the presidencies of both)
~ Michael found a Lincoln/Kennedy coincidence in the 1951 movie "The Tall Target"
LINCOLN-KENNEDY JOHNSONS ALIKE (James says Andrew & Lyndon each have pug nose & slicked-back hair)
Ondra sends coincidences about Lincoln's and Kennedy's seat-mates being injured, their wives holding their heads, and both not dying immediately after being shot
LBJ AIR FORCE 2 TO 1 (...Glancing at the bronze box, Mrs. Kennedy began to think of Abraham Lincoln. The buoyant, youthful sophisticated John F. Kennedy became fused in the shadow of death with the wary, cavernous man who had sealed the fractures in the union with the blood of its best boys. He, too, had had his Johnson ; he, too, had died on a Friday ; he, too, had been sitting with his wife ; he, too, had been shot in the back of the head ; in death he, too, had turned over the affairs of the nation to a man who was earthy, a vindictive Southerner who was politically alienated from his area.)
Sheila sends coincidence of Robert and Edward being sons and brothers
Marti sends a similarity about the seats JFK & Lincoln were sitting in
Jackie adds the rocking chair coincidence
*** Christian says that 'y' is a vowel, not a consonant
Etaoin sends a Lincoln/JFK coincidence about consonants & vowels in their names
Silvia sends a JFK-Lincoln coincidence about the birthdays of Booth and Oswald
LINCOLN DREAMS JFK FUNERAL ('Who is dead in the White House?' I demanded of one of the soldiers, 'The President,' was his answer; 'he was killed by an assassin.')
LINCOLN, KENNEDY & MONEY (Carmen adds a coincidence to the list)
Rachel sends a coincidence to add to the Lincoln/JFK Coincidences List
Colin sends additions for the Lincoln & Kennedy Coincidences list
Raymond contributes more coincidence additions
Raymond contributes to developing list of strange JFK coincidences
- interesting fact: Lincoln picked Andrew Johnson as his second-term running mate in 1864 . Kennedy, had he lived, probably would have picked Lyndon Johnson as his second-term running mate in 1964 (exactly 100 years later). Both Lincoln and JFK were assassinated during the first vice-presidential terms of men named Johnson.
THE GETTYSBURG ADDRESS (delivered by President Lincoln on November 19, 1863 almost 100 years to the day before President Kennedy's assassination on November 22, 1963 )
*Booth's death is debatable. Some researchers think a red-haired man was shot and buried in his place
**Lincoln's wife Mary wrote to a friend on March 15, 1866, "...that, that miserable inebriate Johnson, had cognizance of my husband's death - Why, was that card of Booth's, found in his box, some acquaintance certainly existed - I have been deeply impressed, with the harrowing thought, that he, had an understanding with the conspirators & they knew their man... As sure, as you & I live, Johnson, had some hand, in all this...")
JFK TRUTHS & UNTRUTHS and JFK & RFK ASSASSINATION PUZZLES & LINCOLN ASSASSINATION THEORIES
The National Identity Scheme will hold data on everyone over 16 in Britain The government should limit the data it collects on citizens for its ID card scheme to avoid creating a surveillance society, a group of MPs has warned. The home affairs select committee called for proper safeguards on the plans for compulsory ID cards to stop "function creep" threatening privacy. It wants a guarantee the scheme will not be expanded without MPs' approval. The Ministry of Justice said it had to balance protecting the public with protecting a right to privacy. The Home Secretary Jacqui Smith told BBC One's Andrew Marr Show that many people welcomed the use of devices such as CCTV cameras. "I know that when as it was then, the Labour-controlled council in my constituency, funded CCTV cameras in the town centre to help to protect people when they wanted to go out and have a night out without being blighted by anti-social behaviour, people supported it. "So I know for example with the DNA database that tens of thousands of crimes have been solved because of the use of the DNA database." 'Ambiguity' The National Identity Scheme is due to start rolling out later this year, and will eventually hold details on everyone in Britain over the age of 16. The select committee said in a report: "It should collect only what is essential, to be stored only for as long as is necessary. "We are concerned... about the potential for 'function creep' in terms of the surveillance potential of the national identity scheme. "Any ambiguity about the objectives of the scheme puts in jeopardy the public's trust in the scheme itself and in the government's ability to run it." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. However, "we seek the further assurance that any initiative to broaden the scope of the scheme will only be proposed after consulting the information commissioner and on the basis that proposals will be subject to parliamentary scrutiny in draft form," it said. Committee chairman Keith Vaz said there could be "potentially disastrous consequences" if data was mishandled. HAVE YOUR SAY ID cards are not a problem in my opinion. The main problem is the Government spying on people who haven't done anything. FJ, Gloucestershire Therefore, he said, the government should draw up a "broad outline of contingency plans" to deal with potential security breaches in the ID cards programme. The report referred to the loss of two discs containing the personal details of 25m people last year. "The minister's assurances that the government has learned lessons, though welcome, are not sufficient to reassure us or, we suspect, the public," it said. The report also urged the government to set up new controls on the National DNA Database to prevent "unnecessary invasions of privacy". It said the system should be changed to make it easier for people whose DNA is on the system to challenge its retention. 'Public trust' Mr Vaz said: "What we are calling for is an overall principle of 'least data, for least time'. "The public don't have much choice over the data held on them by public bodies so they must be confident about how it is being collected, stored and used, otherwise we are in danger of becoming a surveillance society." The government takes the protection of personal data extremely seriously
Ministry of Justice spokesman Information Commissioner Richard Thomas said he welcomed the report. "It is essential that positive action is taken to ensure the potential risks of a surveillance society never manifest themselves in this country," Mr Thomas said. "Every possible step must be taken to ensure public trust in the way that personal information is collected and stored." The report also called for a public consultation on the powers of public bodies, such as councils, to use surveillance powers. In April, there was widespread criticism when it emerged that Poole Borough Council had carried out surveillance on a family accused of cheating the school catchment system. The chairman of the Local Government Association, Sir Simon Milton, said he understood there were concerns over the use of surveillance. ID CARDS TIMETABLE 2008 - Some non-EU nationals will have to get them 2009 - Compulsory for 200,000 UK citizens and EU nationals who work in 'sensitive' airport jobs 2010 - Voluntary scheme for students 2011/12 - Biometric passports issued, applicants can choose to get ID card 2017 - Full roll-out of identity cards "We are working with the government, police chiefs and the surveillance commissioners to clarify some of the details of the legislation and make sure it is clear when and how surveillance should be used," Sir Simon said. A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "The government takes the protection of personal data extremely seriously and is committed to ensuring that information is shared in a safe and secure way. "It is necessary to find a balance between protecting the public and protecting a right to privacy. "Data sharing is not only essential to delivering public service but also has an important role to play in tackling potential criminal activities." The government said it would respond fully to the report in due course.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is it legal for Australia to bomb Syria? Five facts you need to know Read more
Australia will accept an extra 12,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees and will join US-led airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria within a week.
Tony Abbott – who had come under pressure to boost Australia's generosity and initially resisted an increase in the overall humanitarian intake – convened a meeting of Liberal and National MPs and senators to inform them of the developments on Wednesday, and confirmed them in a press conference in Canberra shortly afterwards.
The Labor leader, Bill Shorten, welcomed the refugee announcement and pledged to support the airstrikes, but said he was still seeking assurances from the government and wanted a parliamentary debate on the long-term strategy.
The 12,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees will be in addition to Australia's existing humanitarian intake of 13,750.
It will be one-off increase rather than a permanent increase and the refugees are to be granted permanent residency. The focus will be on women, children and families from persecuted minorities.
Abbott confirmed the intake would include Christians, but not exclusively. Some of the prime minister's colleagues had called for the priority to be Christians, prompting Labor and others to declare that the places should be allocated “on a needs basis, without qualification or discrimination”.
The prime minister said: “There are persecuted minorities that are Muslim, there are persecuted minorities that are non-Muslim, and our focus is on the persecuted minorities who have been displaced and are very unlikely ever to be able to go back to their original homes.”
Poll shows Australians back rise in refugee intake, but criticise Abbott's handling of crisis Read more
The government is also set to provide $44m extra for the UN refugee agency and other agencies, with a focus on assisting the situation in Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan.
The foreign affairs minister, Julie Bishop, said the UNHCR had estimated the funding would support about 240,000 people with their urgent needs including shelter kits, clean drinking water, food, support for women and girls. Bishop said the extra assistance was “very timely” ahead of the northern hemisphere winter.
The government has also decided that Australian combat aircraft would join bombing raids in Syria, extending the existing mission beyond the borders of Iraq where the operations are at the invitation of the Iraqi government.
Up to eight strike fighters were authorised to participate in the Iraq airstrikes but only six are being used at present, the Coalition meeting was told. After the extension the chief of the defence force, Mark Binskin, could utilise all eight but did not envisage doing that, the meeting was told.
Binskin said operations could commence “within the week”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tony Abbott announces the extension of the airstrikes. Link to video
The government has signalled that Australia will seek to justify the legality of the extension by invoking the “collective self-defence of Iraq” against attacks from Isis fighters, who do not respect the border. Abbott emphasised later to reporters the airstrikes would target Isis and not the Assad regime in Syria.
Abbott said the military action was “very much in Australia's national interest” because Daesh – another term for Isis – posed a threat to the wider world.
“We cannot defeat Daesh in Iraq without defeating Daesh in Syria, too. I emphasise that our aircraft will be targeting Daesh, not the Assad regime, evil though it is.”
The defence minister, Kevin Andrews, said the extension of RAAF flights over eastern Syria was “very much a practical and logical extension of the current operations”.
Asked who he ultimately wanted in power in Syria, Abbott said: “What we want throughout the Middle East is governments that do not commit genocide against their own people, nor permit terrorism against ours.”
He said the Assad regime was “not the kind of government that we could ever support” but Australia's military operations would not contribute to removing Assad at this time.
Abbott refused to rule out the option of boots on the ground in the future, saying it was “not appropriate to speculate” about “what might happen in the long-term future”.
Coalition party room 'agrees to accept 12,000 refugees' – politics live Read more
Abbott told parliament of the decisions at the beginning of question time. The prime minister said the government was targeting Isis targets in Syria “under section 51 of the UN charter which gives countries the right of collective self-defence”.
In response, Shorten said he wished to advise “that Labor will support this proportional action within international law on the basis of assisting with Iraq's self-defence”.
The Labor leader said the decision was “not taken lightly” but he added that the methods “must be strategically, legally and morally sound”.
He said Labor was seeking assurances that the operations would be constrained to the collective self-defence of Iraq and limited to halting cross-border attacks and defending Australian personnel. Labor had also sought and received assurances about effective search and rescue plans for Australian personnel.
“Further, the government should formally notify the UN security council of our decision and the government I believe should agree to a parliamentary debate to explain the long-term strategy for Australia's role in Iraq,” Shorten said.
“We say these things because the swamp of terrorism can never be drained by military means alone.”
Abbott's pledge to increase assistance in the humanitarian space following calls from state premiers, federal ministers, government backbenchers and other political parties amid community rallies for Australia to do more to help the plight of refugees fleeing the war-torn region. It represents a backflip for Abbott, who as recently as Sunday said the government would stick to its original figure of 13,750.
“We are proposing to take more people from this region as part of our very substantial contribution to the UNHCR,” Abbott during a press conference on Sunday.
Last year, the government announced that refugees from Syria and Iraq would make up a larger chunk of the overall humanitarian intake, rising to 4,500 refugees, or one-third of the overall figure.
The indication from Abbott that the overall refugee intake would not rise caused unrest within the party, with several MPs publicly calling for the prime minister to do more.
One early suggestion was to allow a greater number of Syrian and Iraqi refugees to enter Australia temporarily, under a safe haven system similar to what the former Howard government implemented for Kosovars in 1999.
The 12,000 figures put forward by the government eclipses Labor's earlier figure of 10,000 permanent resettlement places.
Labor also wanted a funding boost of $100m to international agencies like the UN high commissioner for refugees (UNHCR).
At the Coalition party room meeting on Wednesday, several MPs, including Sarah Henderson and Brett Whiteley, thanked the prime minister for listening to the calls for extra assistance.
Another Liberal MP, Craig Laundy, said: “On Friday I asked the prime minister, the foreign minister and the immigration minister simply: could we please do more. Today I simply say, from the bottom of my heart: thank you.”
The government stripped $1m out of the UNHCR at the May federal budget, amounting to 5% of the money Australia gives to the agency. Since then, it has pledged extra funding to the agency to cope with emerging natural and humanitarian disasters.
Abbott, who flies out to Papua New Guinea on Wednesday afternoon to attend the Pacific Islands Forum, will meet with community and religious leaders, including orthodox Christian leaders, on Friday, to discuss Australia's humanitarian response to the Syrian conflict.
Australia currently has 330 troops in Iraq on a two-year training mission, to help local forces deal with Isis.
Awacs aircraft are being used to assist coalition forces for airdrops and refuelling missions in Iraq, without straying into Syrian airspace.
Abbott indicated in April he would consider extending airstrikes into Syria, saying “no decision” had been made on that.
Australia received a formal request from the US to join the air operation against Isis in Syria late last month.
Photo by Nick Morrish/British Airways
All week, Mark Vanhoenacker will be sharing stories about piloting and planes excerpted from his book Skyfaring: A Journey With a Pilot. Out now from Knopf.
Occasionally one airplane catches the imagination of pilots and cabin crew, or even of the general public. More than a few col­leagues told me they decided to learn to fly only because they wished to fly the 747. I am never surprised when a colleague's email address contains some version of those famous numbers. I occasionally go to an exercise class near the hotel I stay at in Vancouver—exercise is sometimes the best antidote to long-haul air travel, whether because it resets the body's clock or only tires you out into sleeping better, I do not know—and the instructor will often sing out, at the start of a pose in which we are lying on our stomachs but lifting all our limbs: “Lift your arms, lift your shoul­ders, like a 747 taking off.”
It's often assumed that an airline pilot can fly any kind of air­liner. Pilots typically take a set of exams, both in classrooms and in the air in small planes, to obtain a series of licenses that culminate in a general air transport license. Then we obtain a type rating, a separate license to fly one specific kind of aircraft. When we switch to a new aircraft, the new type rating replaces the old one, and usually we are no longer permit­ted to fly the previous type. Some pilots fly a dozen types or more in their career. I may fly only three—the smaller, short-haul Airbus A320 series airliner I started on, the Boeing 747-400, and probably one new type, between the 747's retirement and my own.
A pilot's relationship to his or her aircraft is like how people respond to a prized car they have owned for a decade or two.
Advertisement
The bond between a pilot and his or her current type of airplane is hard to pin down. Language is perhaps the best analogy. Indeed each aircraft type or family has its language, or at least its own dialect, and analogous devices and procedures often have different names on different aircraft. Acquiring these words and their correct usage is a significant part of the work we put into a new type rating. In a phenomenon called type reversion, a pilot inadvertently refers to a term or procedure from a previous aircraft type. There is a friendly rivalry between the pilots of Boeing and Airbus aircraft, which in addition to everything else are two competing realms of language. On the Airbus, the fully stowed position of the flaps is called flaps zero. On the 747, the same position is called flaps up. Once, soon after I switched from Airbus to Boeing, flying with a senior captain, I mistakenly asked him to select flaps zero. Before moving the flaps, he turned to me, with a clearing of the throat and a smile—from over the glasses resting halfway down his nose—that said, What are these youngsters coming to?
We spend much of each day, or night, inside our aircraft type; when we sit down, it will feel like a second home. Our connection to it will even color our experience of travel as a passenger. When I fly as a passenger on the Airbus, it has the familiarity that alienates, like walking past a restaurant where you broke up with someone long ago. In contrast, when I fly on a 747 as a passenger I feel a peculiar comfort or satisfaction that is something more than know­ing what the various noises mean.
Emotionally, a pilot's relationship to his or her type is perhaps simi­lar to how some people respond to a prized car they have owned for a decade or two. But different cars are not as different to drive as different airliners are to fly, nor do they exclude other cars from your driving life.
A Slate Plus Special Feature: How Much Turbulence Is Too Much Turbulence? The Slate staff's questions about flying answered by British Airways pilot Mark Vanhoenacker.
Pilots tend to like powerful planes. I've often heard complaints about one long-retired aircraft type that pilots felt was underpowered; the joke was that it only ever got airborne because the Earth eventually curved away beneath it. In contrast, every pilot I've talked to who has flown the Boeing 757 has mentioned, unprompted, how powerful its engines are. But equally often I hear wide-eyed pilots marvel at the efficiency of a new airplane, after they contrast the amount of fuel burned between an older and a newer, more efficient aircraft on the same route.
Advertisement
The differences in the cruising speeds of airliners are small. Still, some airplanes and their pilots spend their hours in the sky habit­ually overtaking others. It feels good—how could it not?—when you are pulling ahead of other aircraft even while maintaining your most efficient speed.
Other differences between aircraft are so small in the con­text of such Earth-crossing, mile-vanquishing vessels that it feels ungrateful to dwell on them. Airbus cockpits are beloved for their foldout tables, an enormous enhancement to the pilot's quality of life when completing paperwork or a meal; I also found the cup holders and sun visors were more intuitively located on the Air­bus. Some planes have windows that open, a blessed feature when you're dining in the cockpit between flights and wish to feel the breeze on your face, especially if you have flown from somewhere cold to somewhere warm and have only three-quarters of an hour until you must fly home to winter. Some airplanes have a bathroom inside the cockpit; for this reason the 747 is often called the ensuite fleet. (When I started to fly 747s, the cockpit lavatory, a standard airplane fitting, contained a most unlikely feature: a baby changing table that was only later removed to save weight.) Many long-haul planes have pilot bunks. On some airplanes you have to pass through the passenger cabin to reach the bunks or lavatories; on others, like the 747, you need never leave the cockpit area and can move freely between the bunk and the bathroom in your pajamas.
The best proof that the temperature outside is really as polar as the cockpit gauges indicate is the floor of the cockpit. It can be like ice. Some aircraft have foot heaters, and some do not. When I flew Airbus jets that were not equipped with them—my understanding is that they are an optional extra, like those a car salesman might offer to throw in during the last minutes of negotiations—I would sometimes wear heavy socks for unusually long flights. I would be in a hotel in Bucharest, Romania, in the baking height of a continental sum­mer, thinking of the sphere of cold above even the warmest times and places as I pulled ski socks onto my feet. The 747 has foot heaters. The frozen surface of the Arctic Ocean looks better—everything looks better—when your feet are warm.
Aside from foot heaters, new technology plays a perhaps unex­pected role in the preferences of pilots. When I worked in manage­ment consulting, I had the sense that everyone wanted the most advanced tools—laptops, projectors, phones. Planes, like comput­ers and smartphones, differ in the level of technology they incor­porate. Some pilots are early adopters, gravitating to the newest equipment. But it's quite common for pilots to strongly prefer older aircraft. One reason is that in such aircraft, in which fewer tasks are automated or computerized, many pilots feel closer to the simplest mechanics of flying and an older ideal of their profession. Each new generation of aircraft lays down another stratum of techno­logical sediment between the modern pilot and the Wright broth­ers, and the pace of technology is such that some pilots may fear that once they leave a more traditional aircraft type, they will never again have a chance to exercise a certain set of skills in the same way.
Advertisement
Some pilots joke that the appearance of their plane does not matter to them, because they are looking out from the inside of it. Still, the aesthetic qualities of airplanes are a regular topic of contemplation and conversation. Pilots might say that one airliner looks right, or that another looks—vaguely, but definitely—wrong. Or that one plane looks as though the engineers kept sticking bits on, seeking a frustratingly elusive aerodynamic solution, each design amendment then requiring another; whereas other planes look good from the start. Pilots will often remark on a new plane when they see it for the first time, puzzling over whether it looks awkward only because it's new, or because its appearance is genuinely unfortunate. We may ask an older colleague how an old and much-beloved plane looked to them when it first landed decades ago.
Recently I was taxiing a 747 past a portion of the tarmac at San Francisco that was closed off for reconstruction. More than a dozen airport workers, though presumably already accustomed to the sight of airplanes at close range, nevertheless put down their tools to photograph us. On one summer evening when I was flying near sunset over the Netherlands, a different aircraft type passed over us, and the other pilot let out an aerial catcall to our 747, a low whistle over the radio, then: “I hope you have a lovely day on that lovely aircraft.”
Partisans often say that the 747 jet “just looks right.” I agree, but this isn't necessarily what you'd think of a plane with such an unnatural bump (a design that moved the cockpit upward and back, to permit an up‑swinging cargo door to be fitted to the nose). The lines of the 747 may be so satisfying not despite this nosebump but because of it. Perhaps it recalls a natural relationship—that of the head of a bird, a swan perhaps, to a long body and wide wings. Joseph Sutter, the 747's lead designer, was drawn to birds as a child—eagles, hawks, ospreys. He might be pleased to know that his achievement has come full circle, that a writer on the wildlife of Virginia has described the great blue heron as the “747 of the swamp.”
When visitors clutching the latest smartphones come into the cockpit of the 747, they are often so shocked by its relative antiq­uity that they can't help but comment on it. Many pilots take such a reaction as a compliment, and joke that “it's a classic” or “it's steam-driven but we like it that way,” while resting their fingers affectionately on the four stilled thrust levers.
Advertisement
* * *
If the now-familiar form of an airplane still holds the modern eye, it's perhaps because it holds opposites.
The routineness of air travel today, the sometimes weary casualness with which many passengers fly, contradicts the physical grace of airliners. Yet in science fiction movies, when the music rises and we glimpse a craft that is more poetry than machine, a shimmering vessel perhaps without an obvious means of propul­sion, it is the cultural and visual lines of airplanes that filmmakers call upon, rather than actual spacecraft, most of which have no need to be aerodynamic and are therefore unattractive.
There is also the size of an airliner, set against its breathtak­ing reserve of speed. A large airliner, the consummate elider of place, itself possesses the scale of a structure or enclosure we might work in or inhabit. Sutter, the 747 designer, remarked that his airplane was “a place, not a conveyance,” one that an architec­tural magazine would describe as the most interesting edifice of the 1960s and that the architect Norman Foster would name the 20th-century building he admired most. Yet this building, this place, moves nearly as fast as sound itself.
Advertisement
Also in Skyfaring:
Excerpted from Skyfaring: A Journey with a Pilot by Mark Vanhoenacker. Copyright © 2015 by Mark Vanhoenacker. Excerpted by permission of Alfred A. Knopf, a division of Random House LLC. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.
Civilians fleeing an ISIS offensive in northwestern Syria have been prevented by Syrian Kurdish authorities from entering areas under their control in response to rebel shelling of a Kurdish-held area of Aleppo, the United Nations said.
The civilians have been fleeing fighting between Syrian rebels and ISIS that advanced into the opposition-held town of Marea at the weekend, a significant advance by the militants against Turkish-backed insurgents.
The United Nations has expressed concern about an estimated 8,000 Syrians trapped by fighting in northern Aleppo.
All the main parties to the Syrian war are fighting in the Aleppo area, and the Turkish-backed rebels who are battling ISIS north of the city have also been involved in hostilities with the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, which controls wide areas of territory to the west of Marea.
A situation update from the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) said about 2,000 people had managed to evacuate Marea and nearby Sheikh Issa, which were encircled by ISIS on May 27.
“However, an estimated 7,000 civilians still remain inside and unable to leave due to restrictions imposed by Kurdish authorities,” it added, saying that was a Kurdish response to rebel shelling of Aleppo's Kurdish-held Sheikh Maqsoud area.
Meanwhile, opposition authorities in the rebel-held town of Azaz near the Turkish border have issued a directive to not let in any more people fleeing ISIS-held areas.
The court that issued the order cited fears of infiltration by covert ISIS militants posing as internally displaced people (IDPs), after 8,000 IDPs arrived in Azaz, OCHA said.
Concerns rising
Pablo Marco, the regional manager of the charity known by its French acronym MSF, said concerns were rising for a large civilian population less than five kilometers (three miles) from advancing ISIS militants.
"We are talking about 100,000 people who are trapped a few kilometers from ISIS. They are terrified, there is nowhere to go," Marco said in a telephone interview with AFP.
ISIS swept towards the last rebel strongholds of Marea and Azaz in Aleppo province on Friday, forcing thousands to flee towards the northern frontier.
Displaced Syrians pictured in February near the city of Azaz close to the Turkish border, after fleeing a Russian-backed offensive on Aleppo (AFP)
But Turkey has kept the border closed, leaving civilians stuck between the violent front line with ISIS to the east, the sealed border to the north, and the autonomous Kurdish canton of Afrin to the west.
"These people are now in a very small area of four by seven kilometers," said Marco.
"The situation is absolutely unsustainable and unacceptable for this population."
MSF's Marco said many of those who were fleeing the ISIS onslaught in recent days had already been displaced two or three times from other parts of the province.
"You can imagine how hard it is for them."
More than half of Syria's population have fled their homes since the conflict first erupted in 2011, with nearly five million escaping to neighboring countries.
An estimated 6,000 people have escaped the fighting in Marea either towards the border or west towards the Kurdish-controlled region of Afrin.
But with limited resources, Marco said, Kurdish authorities would not be able to take in an influx of displaced individuals.
As the circumstances grow increasingly dire, Marco called on the Turkish authorities to allow safe haven for those fleeing ISIS' speedy advance.
"We know that the Turkish authorities are very concerned about the situation. They have made big efforts as you know, but the situation is so terrible that it justifies (opening the border)."
But he also called on the European Union "to do their part" to both support Turkey and take in more Syrian refugees escaping violence at home.
"All actors who are involved need to find a solution... This is really a shame."
Seizing ground
US-backed Kurdish-led fighters have seized ground from ISIS in Syria, a monitor said Tuesday, as the militants come under attack in their Fallujah bastion in neighboring Iraq.
The Syrian Democratic Forces, who control a swathe of territory along the Turkish border, launched a push south towards the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa last week, capturing a string of villages in the north of Raqqa province.
“The SDF has captured 12 villages... northwest of Raqqa in the past 36 hours,” Syrian Observatory for Human Rights chief Rami Abdel Rahman told AFP.
Abdel Rahman said that the villages lie 80 kilometers (50 miles) or more from Raqa itself but that the jihadists' de facto Syria capital was not the immediate goal.
He said the target of the offensive was the town of Tabqa and its adjacent dam on the Euphrates River, which lie some 40 kilometers (25 miles) upstream.
IS lost 18 fighters in the fighting on Monday, taking its losses since the start of offensive on May 24 to 79, he said.
Among those killed were 24 child fighters from IS's “Cubs of the Caliphate” recruitment program.
The Observatory had no immediate word on SDF losses or any civilian deaths.
The United States has ignored angry protests from its NATO ally Turkey to back the SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters it regards as the most effective force on the ground against IS in Syria.
It has deployed more than 200 special forces personnel to work alongside it.
Ankara regards the alliance's most powerful component -- the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) -- as a branch of the rebel Kurdistan Worker's Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish army.
Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Sunday that Ankara was ready to join forces with Washington for a special operation inside Syria on condition it did not involve the YPG.
(With Reuters and AFP)
Last Update: Tuesday, 31 May 2016 KSA 14:55 - GMT 11:55
Rebecca Moss is the British artist stranded on the Hanjin Geneva owned by the Hanjin shipping line that filed for receivership Wednesday. She was on board as part of the 23 Days at Sea Residency organized by Access Gallery in Vancouver.
The Hanjin Geneva is now somewhere off the coast of Japan near Tokyo. It cannot dock because ports around the world have barred Hanjin ships over concerns that include the payment of port and service fees.
I composed several questions and sent them to Moss via Kimberly Phillips, the curator/director at Access Gallery. Phillips is in touch with Moss by email. Moss's answers have been edited for context and style.
The first story on Moss's situation appeared Thursday in The Vancouver Sun.
Q: When did you hear that the Hanjin Shipping Line filed for receivership?
A: I heard (Wednesday) morning (Sept 1st).
How were you told?
I went down in the morning for my breakfast and the Captain was waiting for me. I poured myself a coffee and he told me to brace myself for a change of plan. He was very matter-of-fact and said he is going to do everything to ensure the passengers and crew arrive safely at a port at the earliest opportunity.
Was it in a group?
A large meeting was held shortly after with everybody on board. I was not at the meeting unfortunately as I was very seasick and had taken myself to bed, but John and Gail (two other passengers who embarked at Seattle) went, and it sounds like the same information was delivered to them. The Captain also told everybody to conserve water and food.
How was its impact explained to you?
Throughout this entire trip I have been acutely aware of the implications of the financial crisis on crew members. Some had already been handed their notice before they boarded the ship, others are expecting it when we are back on shore.
It is a well-known and documented fact among everyone that global shipping firms have been swamped by overcapacity. In terms of the impact of (Wednesday's) news, it was explained to me that we are currently barred from all international ports and that meetings were currently being had to work out a solution for all drifting Hanjin vessels.
How did the crew react?
Resigned, unsurprised, determined to just get on with life on board.
How did you react?
I realized that this would become the aspect of my trip that my work would have to focus upon. All along I had felt the sheer absurdity of this journey, but in the moment I was told we wouldn't even have a destination at the end of all this labour, I felt completely incredulous.
Did the news affect your sleep?
Yes, I didn't sleep well (Wednesday) night as I was trying to mentally work out what I will do when I eventually get back onto dry land.
Did any of the crew say to you that they saw the bankruptcy coming?
Pretty much everybody!
How has the news about the bankruptcy changed any routine you might have had on the Hanjin Geneva?
Before the news, there was always a feeling that we were moving in a line toward a horizon, and there was a real sense of purpose. This was reflected in the way I approached my day — I had knowledge that I had a certain number of days left and I was trying to plan to execute my ideas accordingly.
However, now it feels more like we are a slowly drifting island, a feeling that I am sure will intensify when we actually drop anchor. I have found myself wandering more and feeling more in the present — taking each moment as it comes and not knowing when the end will be.
How has this chance event affected the material you were planning to gather for your residency?
The news has made me reflect on everything I have made so far with a different outlook. When I watch back all of the footage I have of the containers being loaded, for example, with the knowledge they are destined for nowhere in particular, it becomes comic, but also such a tragic waste of labour. Whereas before I was trying to tease out an absurdity, now it is hitting me in the face everywhere I look.
I don't know Henri Bergson's work but as Kimberly explained, she said you're interested in the comedic potential in the clash between systems and nature. This seems tailor-made for that. How do you think it will affect any work you were thinking of creating during the residency?
This is obviously something that my mind is trying to process since I found out the news.
This news frames and contextualizes the residency in a very dramatic set of circumstances. The videos of performances and interventions I have made so far that I feel pleased with (I have only been at sea for a week — I only thought I was a third of the way through!) do not in themselves change, but the scope of them becomes much richer within this new context of a completely futile and pointless journey. However, I also have a compulsion to document everything with these new eyes — even a calendar swinging on the wall because of the motion of the boat becomes suddenly significant and interesting.
What does it feel like to be on a ship with containers full of stuff with no place to go?
I change between emotions of amusement to anger and incredulity. It is a dumb situation. The fact that nobody is rushing to buy these containers off of us shows that they cannot be needed that desperately in Asia. In some ways they feel very valuable
(surely some contain food?!) but apparently they are worthless. Some of the containers contain animal skins. What did they die for?
I can't help but thinking of your situation as a perfect example of a big global event with a particular, individual impact. How is it making you redefine what globalization means?
I need to think about that one.
Twitter.com/kevincgriffin
So the Pagan and Occult world has exploded with chatter this week about an article in Patheos called “A Poor Magician Is A Poor Magician”. The article is pretty well reasoned and doesnt accuse anyone of anything, and just makes some common sense suggestions. The comments in forums, facebook, and elsewhere however have veered into the absurd.
As the author of Financial Sorcery, a book that took a pretty strong position on this issue, I was tempted to start commenting all over the place, but to save time I figured I would just do a post here on the article and on several positions that people have since taken regarding it.
IS A MAGICIAN WITHOUT MONEY BAD AT MAGIC?
It depends. Is money even on their radar? Being a magician means a lot of different things to different people. If their practice is not really much about material prosperity and practical sorcery than I would hesitate to judge them based on that. You see Christians all the time assuming that people with lower means are not as blessed by god, and you see Buddhists blaming the poor for their bad karma. These are examples of people being shitty Christians and Buddhists though, and has little reflection on the spiritual worth of the person they are judging. Let's not have magicians and pagans start doing the same.
Maybe their practice does involve practical sorcery, but they are simply existing at a lower economic stratum than what is normally considered middle class. Jack Faust pointed out in a facebook post that just because he strikes a deal with a fairy to never starve does not mean that the fairy is going to make him rich, and that there is a long history of magic of the lower classes. This is very true, but just because something is tradition does not make it very good or wise. I have been down and out in life, and I have studied magic that is stems from that place in life. Some of the practices and mind-set that comes with that reinforces that state. Is it bad magic? No, there is beauty and power in it, but that doesn't make it good magic for dealing with money either. If you are happy then its good. If you are constantly bitching about you lot in life, then yes, its bad magic – do something else.
As for the person who is a full on Sorcerer, claims that their magic effects material reality, and that betterment of circumstances is part of that success, yet is constantly in financial disarray – yes, that person is a shitty magician. Too many people have taken high titles and bragged about the worldly power that their magic gives them, yet cannot seem to afford even the basics. I judge those people by the criteria that they set for themselves. I cannot seriously take your talk of being one of the “elite” when you cannot afford the payments on your Ford Focus.
This is not to say that good magicians will not have financial woes from time to time. Everyone has problems – It's how you handle them that makes you a good magician and wise person financially.
This is also not to say that people must live opulently. I don't, and chances are that if you are a magician, money is not your first love in life, and thus you may not be working as a hedge fund manager.* No one is saying you need to be rich, I am just talking about not wallowing in fiscal chaos.
FINANCIAL SKILLS
In reading through the responses of many people that felt compelled to defend their lifestyles and lack of financial stability in the face of this article, I found one that made an astonishing statement, that I must quote here.
“Lack of Financial Skills has nothing to do with why people are poor”.
Now I get what this person is hopefully trying to say: that race, class, and the general downturn of the economy places people in shitty positions. Too many people of privilege have thought of the poor as lazy because they truly have no idea what it is to not have opportunity. That said: your financial skills have nothing to do with it? Come on, of course they do.
In almost every situation there are factors that are not in your control, and there are factors that are. We should never let the factors that are out of our control, be an excuse for not working with the factors that are.
I hate it when people on the right say that the poor should just pull themselves up by their bootstraps and work harder – it does not address the root causes of poverty in the country and is an unreasonable response to give to the millions of people that live in poverty in this country. Here's a secret though: It IS good advice to give to an individual with no catastrophic mental or physical conditions.
Thinking that it is only your race, class, age, area, or the general downturn of the economy that are keeping you in poverty is foolish. Those things certainly can be stacked against you, but if you think it is the only thing that matters then you are dooming yourself to your situation because you have removed even the hope of making a better world for yourself. And yes, THAT would make you a poor magician.
THE MONK THING
The original article spoke about those that sacrifice material comfort for spirituality, and specifically mentioned Monks.
“Monks agree to live in great simplicity and at times in deprivation. It's a hard life that's not for everyone, but most of us can recognize the monks' poor material condition is a sign of spiritual maturity, not weakness.”
There are several things wrong here.
First is that the monks poor material condition is not a sign of his spiritual maturity, its a path to spiritual maturity. People become Monks for all kinds of reasons, they may just have no where else to turn. I have seen Buddhist monks sneak out of the gompa to gamble, get into knife fights with each other, and gather at a room to watch porn: trust me the robes and the lack of cash does not make one holy. It can make you holy if you take it as a path, but it is not a sign of your spiritual maturity.
Second is that Monks and Nuns who are serious about it have chosen to REALLY make non-materialism part of their spiritual journey. People that are 40 years old and work a shitty retail job they hate are not expressing spiritual maturity and non-materialism. They are expressing bad choices that they have made and the terrible state of the economy that may have forced them into those choices.
I have a lot of respect for Monks and Nuns, and I have a lot of respect for poor wandering Yogi's. Please do not compare your retail or warehouse job to that kind of commitment.
THE FINANCIAL APOCALYPSE
In the days since the article came out I have seen ever increasing talk of the financial apocalypse. It went from people talking about the “shrinking middle class” to “there is NO middle class”. It went from “fewer opportunities” to “zero opportunities”.
To be sure, the economy is not what it once was, but those of us that have lived in places where there really is no middle class can tell you that, yes, there still is a middle class in America and there will be for quite a while to come. There are still opportunities to be had. There are still ways to move upward. Yes, they take more will and skill and determination than they did for earlier generations but the opportunities are there.
In the last week I have seen way to many people treat the economy as an excuse to do nothing. The irony is that for all the privilege middle class white people have in this country, and trust me we have a lot, it is largely white people born to middle class families that I have seen use the economy as an excuse. African Americans and immigrants are already used to not having the world handed to them on a platter, and so maybe are not quite as quick to use these factors as an excuse.
YOU CAN DO EFFECTIVE MAGIC AND STILL BE A BAD MAGICIAN
Getting back to the original topic of magic – if your magic is not creating opportunity for what you are aiming at, then yes you are bad at it. If you are aiming magic at improving your financial situation and you are living in a constant state of abject poverty and chaos then yet, you are a bad magician.
Since writing Financial Sorcery and getting to talk with a lot more people on this topic I have discovered that there are a lot of people who fall into a category that some people do not even know exists: those who can do effective magic, but are still bad magicians.
You see, being a magician is about more than just effective spells. It's about using it to attain things that will be useful. Its about making your mundane efforts meet your magical ones. It's about moving along a path and not just zapping situations willy nilly.
I have met magicians who conjure work almost instantly, but refuse to place any magic towards job training. I have met magicians who can conjure exact amounts needed in an emergency but would never even think of conjuring for money to be put into savings. I have met magicians who are so incredibly effective at enchanting minds, and situations that they have been stuck in the same shitty relationships, jobs, and hovels for DECADES longer than they should have because they were able to use magic to keep the statues quo. That is a danger of magic worse than any demon.
THE ONLY QUESTION THE MATTERS
Are you a poor magician? I dunno. Do you like your life?
Thats what it really boils down to: DO YOU LIKE YOUR LIFE?
If so then no matter what your financial state, you are probably a good magician.
If you don't like your life, and you hate living in financial chaos, but you resent being thought of as a poor magician because of that then the question is: WHAT DOES MAKE YOU A GOOD MAGICIAN?
*Though since writing Financial Sorcery and starting doing consultations I am FLOORED at the amount of Hedge Fund Managers, Brokers, Investors, and High-end Accountants that are really VERY good magicians.
LEWISTON — City officials are checking vacant properties and stepping up police patrols to try to prevent another fire in a downtown neighborhood where three major fires have gutted nine buildings and left nearly 200 people homeless since April 29.
A fire burned two vacant four-story apartment buildings on Bartlett Street early Monday morning, setting already shaky residents on edge in the densely populated neighborhood now dotted with burned buildings.
Videos Additional Photos Firefighters work at the Bartlett Street apartment buildings that burned Monday morning. Photo by Matt Byrne / Staff Writer Lewiston officials plan to check and secure vacant properties in the area within the pink line, and police will step up patrols, in the wake of three fires in eight days. Firefighters work at the scene of a fire that destroyed two vacant apartment buildings on Bartlett Street in Lewiston on Monday morning. Fire Chief Paul LeClair said it took firefighters nearly four hours to bring the flames under control. Tim Greenway / Staff Photographer Firefighters spray water on what's left of the roof of a vacant apartment building on Bartlett Street in Lewiston on Monday. Tim Greenway / Staff Photographer Firefighters spray water on the roof of a vacant apartment building on Bartlett Street in Lewiston on Monday. Tim Greenway / Staff Photographer A firefighter checks for hot spots on the front of a vacant apartment building on Bartlett Street in downtown Lewiston on Monday. Tim Greenway / Staff Photographer Authorities say more than 100 firefighters responded to the scene of a blaze on Bartlett Street reported at about 3 a.m. Monday. Police and firefighters are on the scene of a three-alarm fire in downtown Lewiston on Monday morning. Tim Greenway / Staff Photographer Related Headlines Governor offers Lewiston residents little hope of funding assistance
Fear has some ready to pack up and leave city
12-year-old's family faced eviction
Fires unveil crisis in Lewiston's housing stock
Interactive map: Abandoned and condemned buildings in Lewiston
Police say a 12-year-old boy set a fire on April 29 in a recently condemned nine-unit complex at 105-111 Blake St. The fire heavily damaged three buildings and displaced 75 residents.
On Friday, a fire allegedly set by another 12-year-old boy heavily damaged more apartments in four buildings on Bartlett and Pierce streets. More than 100 more people were left homeless.
Investigators have not determined the cause of Monday's fire, said Fire Chief Paul LeClair. No one was seriously injured. Firefighters took nearly four hours to bring the flames under control, he said.
Police Chief Michael Bussiere said police have questioned witnesses, but have not yet determined how the fire started. Lewiston police are being assisted by the state Fire Marshal's Office and investigators from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
“The fact we've had three major fires downtown in a week is a major concern for us,” Bussiere said.
He said his department has stepped up patrols in the neighborhood and is taking other measures to prevent future fires, but he declined to elaborate.
“The hammer is coming down,” Lewiston Mayor Robert Macdonald said at a news conference Monday afternoon. “We're not going to put up with this anymore.”
In response to the fires, the city has established a public priority response area, a roughly 35-block area around the fire sites. Vacant properties in the area will be checked and secured by the city's staff, officials said. Representatives of federal and nonprofit aid agencies have met to coordinate services, and the city will issue 30-day dump passes to let people dispose of bulky or unwieldy waste.
The city will host a housing fair Wednesday to help resettle the scores of residents who have been displaced, and will work with nonprofits to collect household items and infant supplies, including 15 cribs.
Holly Stover, acting director of multicultural affairs for the state Department of Health and Human Services, said 27 families have been displaced by the fires, including 23 large refugee families.
Gov. Paul LePage, who grew up in Lewiston, will visit the city Tuesday to meet with Macdonald and view the fire damage. State lawmakers from Lewiston have asked the governor to declare an emergency and release funds from the governor's emergency fund to help Lewiston residents who have lost their homes in the fires.
Phil Nadeau, the deputy city administrator, said city officials are working to determine the cost of responding to the three fires.
Monday's fire was spotted by a police sergeant who was on patrol in the neighborhood, Bussiere said. First responders quickly evacuated nearby buildings. During the evacuations, an officer was injured slightly while kicking in a door.
When firefighters arrived, fire was showing from the rear of the buildings at 114 and 118 Bartlett St., LeClair said. He said the buildings are a total loss and will be demolished.
Gil Arsenault, Lewiston's director of planning and code enforcement, said the buildings are owned by LJM LLC, a company operated by a Lewiston landlord who has significant holdings.
“He was mothballing them,” Arsenault said of the unoccupied structures.
Lewiston fire investigator Paul Ouellette said police have questioned two people in connection with the fire.
Shannon McWilliams, who lives nearby on Pierce Street, said she watched as police took a man, identified as Brian Morin Sr., into custody after the blaze began.
Morin, 29, who was released later Monday morning, said he was returning to an apartment where he was staying with friends near the fire site about 3 a.m. Monday, around when the fire began.
He said he tried rousing people in a neighboring building, but couldn't wake anyone. Soon after, police arrived and he was taken into custody for questioning. He was released about seven hours later.
“(The police) asked why I did it, and what I used to set it,” said Morin, who was convicted in 2001 of unlawful sexual conduct.
He said he will take a polygraph test Tuesday and believes it will show his innocence. “I'm not going to admit to something I didn't do,” he said.
Officials would not say whether Morin has been ruled out as a suspect, or whether anyone else has been identified.
Nadeau, the deputy city administrator, praised the community response to the fire and encouraged people to continue to pass tips to police.
“The message needs to be clear. … We are exhausting every opportunity and every resource to make sure people feel safe,” he said. “We hope people who live in this city can go to bed tonight feeling safe.”
But people who live in the neighborhood said they don't feel safe.
Jenn Ahlberg, who watched from a stoop Monday morning as firefighters mopped up on Bartlett Street, said she was shocked by the timing of the fires.
“It makes me wonder which building is going to be next,” she said.
Gillian Graham can be contacted at 791-6315 or at:
[email protected]
Twitter: grahamgillian
Matt Byrne can be contacted at 791-6303 or at:
[email protected]
Share
NBN Co has taken in $225,000 in application fees from customers applying to switch their homes to a better access technology, but only one in ten users is committing to upgrade once a quote is received.
The conversion rate is contained in a series of documents published this week that provides a far more detailed view of NBN Co's technology choice program than was provided at senate estimates last week.
It shows most users are baulking at the size of the quotes to upgrade provided by NBN Co.
The highest instance of this was a quote of $61,600 to move from fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) to fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP). The applicant declined to proceed.
As at March 23, NBN Co indicated it had received 221 applications for individual premises switches. It did not say what access technology most wanted to move from and to.
The company said it had made $225,305 in application fees from the 221 home or business owners. The cost to apply is between $600 and $1000, but the total $225,305 figure shows users are paying around the higher amount.
Of the 221 applications received, only 113 proceeded to receiving a quote from NBN Co, and of those, just 30 went through with construction by March 23, NBN Co said.
At that rate, only 13.5 percent of those that apply for an upgrade actually end up with one.
It is likely there has been some change in those figures between March 23 and now.
NBN Co CEO Bill Morrow told an estimates hearing last week that 54 applicants were moving from fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) to fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP) connections.
At those rates, up to 25 percent of applicants are seeing their switches through to construction, although it is unclear how many more applications have been received over April and May.
NSW residents are by far the most likely to try to avail themselves of technology choice: 122 have applied, and 67 have moved through to quote.
The next most popular states for upgrades are Queensland and Western Australia; the other states and territories have numbers typically in the single digits.
Overall revenue from the technology choice program is growing. At November 7 last year, NBN Co had earned $356,236 from individual premises switches; that amount included all fees from application through to build.
Around five months later, the company has booked revenues of $596,895 for individual premises switches.
It had built revenue as at March 23 of $371,590. However, this is inflated by one project where a user upgraded from fixed wireless to FTTP at a cost of $157,126.
That means Bill Morrow's assertions at estimates last week that the costs normally ranged from “sub-$1000 to tens of thousands of dollars” are broadly accurate.
The average cost per premises, based on these new figures, is around $7395.
NBN Co is likely to have made more from technology choice in total, as it also offers an option for area switches. The last revenue reported for that was $297,804 in November last year.
Last year, NBN Co said that as of November 7 it had only 15 individual premises switches that had progressed to construction.
It has now revealed where they are in the rollout.
The six NSW-based premises come from Armidale, Picton and Boambee; Queensland's three premises are in Beaconsfield, Bundaberg and Bundaberg North; and Western Australia's three premises are in Dayton, Pinjarra and Meru.
Of the others, one each progressed in Victoria (Bacchus Marsh), South Australia (North Brighton) and Tasmania (Deloraine).
It is possible a larger number of NBN users are wanting to avail themselves of the program. However, under NBN rules, they must wait until NBN Co has been through their suburb and declared it ready for service before an upgrade can be applied for.
Slovenian Arex and Slovakian Grand Power have almost simultaneously announced that they are developing competition versions of their handguns. The Grand Power's pistol is shown on the top image of this article. It is called X-Calibur Match. The Arex's pistol is based on their Rex pistol design and it will be called Alpha (see the image below). Both pistols are in the prototyping stage.
Maybe, the announcement of each of these pistols separately is not anything significant in the industry. If industry leaders release even slightly modified versions of their firearms, it becomes a really interesting information, because many people own the products of the top brands. In the case of these European companies, neither Arex nor Grand Power are industry leaders and the announced pistols are nothing completely new, but just competition versions of the existing models.
However, the fact that they announced about developing competition pistols literally with a difference of several hours is the interesting part of the story. I assume the competition between two brands should be pretty high. That must be the reason why as soon as one of them announced about the new pistol the second one came with an immediate response revealing its own design. Probably, they just don't want to let their potential customers to get attracted by the competitor. Now the “winner” should be one who manages to release its pistol to the market first.
Summary: Nocebo effect becomes more pronounced over time when people believe they are exposed to a more expensive medication, researchers report.
Source: AAAS.
People receiving an inert treatment believed they experienced more severe adverse side effects when the dummy drug was labeled as expensive, scientists report.
The researchers say brain regions responsible for higher-order cognition can influence primal pain sensing at the spinal level.
To study the neurological causes for the so-called nocebo effect (where people in clinical trials sometimes report negative side effects even though they received inactive substances), Alexandra Tinnermann and colleagues developed a new functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) method for simultaneous activity measurements in the entire central pain system throughout the cortex, brainstem, and spinal cord.
For the nocebo treatment, the scientists enrolled 49 people in a trial for a supposed anti-itch cream that, in reality, contained no active ingredients.
All participants were told that increased pain sensitivity was a potential side effect for the inert cream, but some were informed that they were receiving an expensive ointment and others were led to believe that the lotion was cheap (the scientists even created two different packages for the balms, indicating high or low price).
People treated with the “expensive” cream reported greater sensitivity on a heat-tolerance test, and the nocebo effects became more pronounced over time.
The researchers identified portions of the spinal cord that became activated during nocebo effect pain, and determined that altered sensations due to perceived price were associated with differences in two brain regions – the periaqueductal gray and the rostral anterior cingulate cortex.
A related Perspective by Luana Colloca gives additional examples where patients' expectations alter placebo (positive) or nocebo effects, advocating for more research into the physiology underlying these phenomena for better clinical trial design.
About this neuroscience research article
Source: AAAS
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com image is in the public domain.
Original Research: Abstract for “Interactions between brain and spinal cord mediate value effects in nocebo hyperalgesia” by A. Tinnermann, S. Geuter, C. Sprenger, J. Finsterbusch, C. Büchel in Science. Published online October 5 2017 doi:10.1126/science.aan1221
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago AAAS “The High Price of the Nocebo Effect.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 5 October 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/nocebo-effect-psychology-7673/>. AAAS (2017, October 5). The High Price of the Nocebo Effect. NeuroscienceNews. Retrieved October 5, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/nocebo-effect-psychology-7673/ AAAS “The High Price of the Nocebo Effect.” http://neurosciencenews.com/nocebo-effect-psychology-7673/ (accessed October 5, 2017).
Abstract
Interactions between brain and spinal cord mediate value effects in nocebo hyperalgesia
Value information about a drug, such as the price tag, can strongly affect its therapeutic effect. We discovered that value information influences adverse treatment outcomes in humans even in the absence of an active substance. Labeling an inert treatment as expensive medication led to stronger nocebo hyperalgesia than labeling it as cheap medication. This effect was mediated by neural interactions between cortex, brainstem, and spinal cord. In particular, activity in the prefrontal cortex mediated the effect of value on nocebo hyperalgesia. Value furthermore modulated coupling between prefrontal areas, brainstem, and spinal cord, which might represent a flexible mechanism through which higher-cognitive representations, such as value, can modulate early pain processing.
“Interactions between brain and spinal cord mediate value effects in nocebo hyperalgesia” by A. Tinnermann, S. Geuter, C. Sprenger, J. Finsterbusch, C. Büchel in Science. Published online October 5 2017 doi:10.1126/science.aan1221
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
Italian artist, Denis Medri, created a series of concept sketches that present an amazing interpretation of The Dark Knight as he might exist in the '50s. The main influence for the design of the characters comes from the '50s rockabilly music culture. The aesthetic look of the characters is entirely grounded in this world. The consistency of his theme, across all works, just makes the entire series that much stronger as a whole.
The aspect I love most about the concept of Batman, as presented throughout publishing history by DC Comics, is his versatility when it comes to alternate reimaginings. I never get tired of picking up and reading trade collections from the Elseworld imprint, which was especially popular in the '90s. Batman: Gotham by Gaslight was the first Elseworld story to be told in 1989. It was written by Brian Augustyn, with art by Mike Mignola and edited by Mark Waid. In that one shot, Batman was featured as a hero from the 1890s Victorian era on a case to track down Jack the Ripper, who had come to Gotham City. Alternate Batmans within the Elseworlds were a common thing.
Grant Morrison even injected some of this alternate concept fun into the ongoing continuity. In Grant's “Return of Bruce Wayne” story arc, Bruce Wayne is depicted as a prehistoric Batman, a pirate Batman, an inquisitor Batman and a cowboy Batman–into modern continuity no less! What Medri offers here holds up as the groundwork for its own miniseries. Unfortunately for all us drooling onlookers, all this work was done simply for fun and will never see life within DC Comics proper. At least we all have our imaginations!
A major conflict of interest looms over the Rose Garden, whether it spells the end of the Trump administration or not, has yet to be determined. Genie Energy is the name of this corporate conflict of interest. Jared Kushner's activities in the White House have brought with them, speculation, that his presence may in fact be ulterior. This appears to be the case through the corporation's Ira Greenstein.
U.S. President Donald Trump & his administration are inherently subjugated by Genie Energy. When commencing with hostile military action on Syria, they did so while having a direct conflict of interest, primarily related to these business ties. This, along with political dealings with the Israeli government, has gone part & parcel to the destabilization of Syria.
On April 6th, 2017, the U.S. launched [59] Tomahawk cruise missiles at Syria. Targeting Shayrat Airbase (FAA LID: OS65), numerous aircraft were destroyed, primarily Mig-23ML & Su-22M3 models. These being the same [Parent] models which had been involved in operations over Daraa, which is a choke point near the Golan Heights, it remains as of this posting as being under the control of the FSA & ISIS.
James Mattis would later claim that 20% of the Syrian Arab Air Force (SyAAF) was destroyed.
To get to the very heart of the matter, we have to go back to the presidential transition period, when Newark lawyer Ira Greenstein was a member of ex-Congressman John Sweeney's "Tiger Team."
This made him an official transition team member for the Trump administration.
Times Union:
Sweeney is conducting interviews alongside three transition team members, lawyers all: Martin Silverstein, U.S. ambassador to Uruguay under President George W. Bush; Ira Greenstein, president of Genie Energy Ltd.; and financier Anthony Scaramucci, founder and co-managing partner of the hedge fund SkyBridge Capital.
On this team he directly oversaw government applicants including for senior national security positions:
Fueled by coffee and chicken salad sandwiches from the Trump Tower's cafe, Sweeney and three other high-powered Trump partisans have completed more than 300 interviews thus far. They're conducting 30- to 60-minute interviews of applicants for jobs including senior national security and intelligence positions, ambassadors, undersecretaries and top-ranking officials in nearly every federal agency. They conduct interviews by phone or in person and rank finalists 1 through 5. The final hiring is done by senior Trump aides following background checks.
After which, final hiring was done by Trump's senior aides, which would undoubtedly include Jared Kushner within the Office of the Chief of Staff within the Office of the Chief of Staff. This gave an American-Israeli energy corporation a prime directorate in deciding on who to put into power, who would oversee national security policies & ultimately be in a position to pick favorable people. This represents a rather rather grave conflict of interest, as Greenstein was still the President of Genie Energy when the U.S. attacked Syria & given his role within the White House may have contributed to pushing for military action.
One social media post to Instagram shows that Ira Greenstein, not pictured, had given a tour of the White House around March 10th, 2017.
Following military action on Syria, it was then alluded to that Steve Bannon had lost out to Jared Kushner in the decision making, on whether to attack or not.
A disturbing issue arises regarding this situation due to the Golan Heights being occupied Syrian territory, wherein there is precedent that drilling new wells, which Genie Energy has done after approval from the Israeli government — may in fact be illegal under international law. This means Ira Greenstein & subsequently Jared Kushner are involved in an ongoing criminal conspiracy.
This also means they would have been risking American lives, while killing numerous Syrians, to protect business interests which are inherently criminal in nature.
Ira Greenstein has long been an associate of the Kushners, described as a close family friend, especially to Charles Kushner.
Politico:
Charlie Kushner might be keeping the Trump administration at arm's length, but he has some old pals working in government under his son with whom he also stays in touch. One example: Ira Greenstein, a former Newark-based executive and longtime Kushner family friend, who quit his job as chairman of IDT Corp. and now works out of the Old Executive Office Building on Kushner's team as a lawyer working primarily under Liddell and Cordish.
As some will recall, top Democratic donor Charles was previously sentenced to federal prison for the crimes of "tax evasion, witness tampering & making illegal campaign donations."
Like former Deputy Assistant Sebastian Gorka, Ira Greenstein is on the high end of the spectrum when it comes to salaries, earning $155,000 at the White House.
Ira Greenstein was past President of IDT Corporation, while they donated to the Central Fund of Israel (CFI), which has supported individuals that advocate for the killing of children on the basis of race.
Another issue is the timing regarding donations to Trump's campaign, Ira Greenstein donated exactly $10,000 to Make America Great Again, in late August of 2015. This occurred just a few weeks after substantial oil was discovered at the Ness-3 drilling site, in the Golan Heights.
Ira Greenstein previously communicated with Wall Street attorney Jay Clayton, before he was appointed Chairman of the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC).
Reuters:
Clayton also disclosed in his written responses that he communicated with others, including Rebekah Mercer, a Trump donor whose father, Robert Mercer, founded the hedge fund Renaissance Technologies; Genie Energy Ltd President Ira Greenstein; venture capitalist Darren Blanton; Martin Silverstein, a lawyer who is senior counsel with the law firm Greenberg Taurig and who was ambassador to Uruguay for four years under President George W. Bush; Trump's current chief strategist Steve Bannon; and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, the documents show.
The CEO as well as Chairman of one of Genie Energy's largest external shareholders, BlackRock, visited the White House a few days after the airstrikes. Larry Fink & the very large firms behind him, such as Goldman Sachs, stand the most to gain monetarily from these aggressive moves.
Another point of subjugation within Trump's administration is IDT Corporation's Michael Glassner, chief strategist, including for the reelection.
Ballotpedia:
Lewis Eisenberg advisor
From 1998 to 2001, while still informally advising the retired Dole, Glassner moved to New Jersey to work under Lewis Eisenberg, chair of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Glassner was Eisenberg's chief of staff. In 2001, near the end of Glassner's time at the Port Authority, he was involved in the deal that privatized the lease of the World Trade Center to the Silverstein Group. In July 2001, Glassner left the staff of the Port Authority to work for IDT Corporation, a global telecommunications company. According to ABC News, "At IDT, Glassner was chief of staff to the company's CEO, handling external communications as well as government and investor relations."
With IDT Corporation being the parent company of Genie Energy, as well as being composed of the very same individuals, it presents another angle by which this group retains control of the White House.
Senator Joe Manchin previously met with Genie Energy's chief scientist, Harold Vinegar, on behalf of the American Israel Educational Foundation — referred to as the "charitable arm of AIPAC."
Jewish Insider:
Meeting with Dr. Harold Vinegar, chief scientist of Israeli Energy Initiatives at Genie Energy, and Binyamin Zomer of Noble Energy, to discuss the importance of energy to the economies of Israel, the United States, and West Virginia.
Manchin would later be the only Democrat to vote in favor of Jeff Sessions & Steven Mnuchin.
Genie Energy's founder, Howard Jonas, donated to Senator Bob Menendez (D) just a few days before attacking Syria — as well as only a few days after tightening sanctions on Iran. Menendez would later approve the strikes.
Jonas has also donated to the campaigns of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the past.
Haaretz:
According to material collected by the State Comptroller's Office, one of the names, which Netanyahu had ranked “No. 2,” was of someone with whom the public may not have been familiar until recently: “Howard Jonas, IDT Corporation, New Jersey.” Jonas, who has donated to Netanyahu's primary campaigns in the past, is the founder and owner of Israel Energy Initiatives, a company established in 2008 to develop oil shale in Israel.
All of this comes on the heels of H.R.672/S.198, of which the former, Senator Nita Lowey — has previously received donations from Genie Energy's Howard Jonas (Then: IDT Corporation). The latter, Senator Marco Rubio, has previously received donations from Genie Energy's Michael Stein.
It is worth mentioning that a coordinated effort went in to confuse people regarding this topic & sandbag Ira Greenstein himself. Thomas Wictor, an e-celebrity of sorts, tried to assert that the individual did not even exist. While another, Brian Cates, attempted to confuse people by taking an info graphic out of context & said that Ira Greenstein was implied as being Rupert Murdoch. Clearly such claims are entirely unfounded.
For one, Ira Greenstein is correctly denoted as President on an archive of Genie Energy's website, contradicting claims. Secondly, the main photo of this individual that was found, is corroborated by an auxiliary photo from the Jerusalem College of Technology.
Ironically, Sebastian Gorka called him out on this very thing, when it regarded Mustafa Javed Ali. As did Mike Cernovich, obviously, it is not coincidental that Ira Greenstein would not be mentioned under the same circumstances.
✠ Anime Right News | Gab | Patreon | Twitter | WrongThink | YouTube
William Palmer Heyser, 51, pleaded not guilty Tuesday morning to killing his cousin and neighbor Arthur James Palmer III, 46, outside their homes in Northeast Portland.
Heyser appeared Tuesday in Multnomah County Circuit Court to face a two-count indictment charging him with murder with a firearm constituting domestic violence and felon in possession of a firearm in the March 28 incident.
North Precinct officers were called to 73 N.E. Morris St. at 1:09 a.m. on a report of a shooting.
Police and emergency medics found Palmer's body in the front yard of Heyser's home.
Officers learned that the two men had been arguing before Heyser shot Palmer once with a shotgun.
Heyser remained at the scene with other family members and was taken into custody. A shotgun at the scene was seized by police.
Heyser told officials that he had been drinking the night before, and that the shooting was an accident, according to court records.
A Multnomah County grand jury indicted Heyser on the allegation that he "unlawfully and intentionally'' killed Palmer.
According to court papers, Heyser worked for Rose City Cab and has lived on Morris Street in Portland for 20 years. He has had eight felony convictions since 2000, including for burglary, robbery, theft and possession of cocaine.
Heyser is being held at Inverness Jail on no bail. A trial date tentatively was set for May 15.
-- Maxine Bernstein
503-221-8212;
boom and bust This could be the end of Canadian tar sands
The Canadian oil sands are one of the world's largest sources of climate pollution and America's biggest source of imported oil. And they may be about to go bust.
Canada's oil sands, also known as tar sands, are the world's fourth-largest reserve of crude oil. Mining them unleashes massive volumes of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, easing the way for global warming to blow past 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F) — levels considered “dangerous” under the Paris climate agreement.
The future of the Canadian oil sands industry is clouded with uncertainty because of simple economics. In today's marketplace, there is little confidence oil prices will rise high enough to keep the oil sands profitable. And a flood of U.S. oil — one of the biggest reasons gasoline and crude oil have been cheap over the past two years — is sucking the life out of Canada's oil industry.
“Frankly, for this reason, and because of longer-term trends toward cheaper renewables coupled with carbon pricing, the oil sands is likely a dead industry,” said Thomas Homer-Dixon, chair of global systems at the Balsillie School of International Affairs in Waterloo, Ontario.
And then there's the Trump factor: President-elect Donald Trump is promising another renaissance for America's oil industry, possibly flooding the market with even more U.S. oil.
Oil sands may not be a common household name, but they're one of the dirtiest fossil fuels on earth. A thick and mucky clay-like substance laden with a hydrocarbon called bitumen, tar sands have to be strip-mined from the remote boreal forest of east-central Alberta before being sent thousands of miles to refineries that can handle them. The production and consumption of one barrel of tar sands crude releases 17 percent more carbon dioxide than a standard barrel of American oil, according to U.S. government statistics.
But the true climate cost of oil sands is potentially much greater because U.S. statistics don't fully capture the carbon emissions involved in the mining and processing of oil sands, Homer-Dixon said.
The expansion of the oil sands industry in Alberta has led to significant deforestation in Canada's boreal forests, which store vast amounts of atmospheric carbon and are threatened by climate change. More than 2 million acres of boreal forest have been lost or degraded because of oil sands mining.
Destruction of carbon-dense forests such as the boreal is a major contributor to climate change because the carbon stored in tree trunks and roots will eventually find its way back into the atmosphere after trees are cut down.
Strip-mining the boreal to extract the tar sands and processing the oil makes the sands much more damaging to the climate than conventional oil.
“I believe the carbon intensity of extraction and processing for the oil sands is about double that of conventional oil,” Homer-Dixon said.
If all the oil sands were extracted in Alberta, the emissions would be equivalent to burning all the oil in Saudi Arabia — the world's largest oil producer — and all the carbon contained in the oil would end up in the atmosphere, making climate change worse.
And with the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline under construction, Canada seemed poised to do just that. Keystone XL would have carried crude oil from Alberta's tar sands mines to refineries in Texas. From there, it would have been consumed in the U.S. or shipped to ports around the world.
The Obama administration shelved the pipeline running through the U.S. in 2015 because it said that easing the way for polluting oil sands to reach refineries would make it more difficult for the U.S. to be a global leader on climate policy. At the time, Canada's oil industry projected that oil sands would account for a 43 percent increase in Canadian crude oil production through 2030.
Worried about the damage expended oil sands development could do to the climate, more than 100 scientists called for a moratorium on new tar sands mines in 2015, saying that more mining would make it difficult to prevent global warming from exceeding 2 degrees C.
But the scientists may not have needed a moratorium to slow oil sands extractions. Low crude oil prices may have stopped significant oil sands expansion all on their own.
The reason is simple: It's really expensive to mine oil sands.
Oil prices need to be above $80 per barrel for oil sands mining to be profitable. Today, oil prices sit around $52, and there's little confidence they'll rise much higher despite Middle Eastern oil-producing countries' recent agreement to cut their production to boost prices.
Carlos Murillo, an economist at the Conference Board of Canada, said those countries are unlikely to comply with that agreement, keeping oil prices from rising much higher.
Part of the reason is that Middle Eastern countries haven't fully caught on to the idea that a lot of oil can be produced with fracking, said David Keith, a Harvard physicist and public policy professor.
Fracking is a method of drilling that allowed energy companies to access oil locked in solid shale rocks beneath North Dakota, Colorado, Texas, and other places — oil that was once thought to be too expensive to drill.
Today, shale oil can flood the market — especially in the U.S. — when oil prices are $50 per barrel, Keith said.
That means that almost no one is expecting big investments to flow into Canada's oil sands, even though the Canadian government's recent approval of two major oil sands pipelines — and Trump's possible support of the Keystone XL Pipeline — could give the oil sands a boost in the coming years.
“In general, we don't expect to see any new wave of investment that you saw in 2010,” when oil prices were rising rapidly toward $100 per barrel, said Jackie Forrest, director of research for ARC Energy Research Institute in Calgary.
Oil sands growth isn't guaranteed even if the Trump administration approves Keystone XL because there could be an undercurrent of nativism or protectionism in U.S. energy policy, said Warren Mabee, Canada Research Chair in Renewable Energy at Queen's University University in Kingston, Ontario.
Get Grist in your inbox Always free, always fresh. The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you. See our privacy policy
“Recall that President-elect Trump has said that Keystone XL should be built, but that he wants a ‘piece' of it,” Mabee said.
“What does this mean? New tariffs or taxes?” Mabee said. “It's not clear that Canadian companies will benefit hugely from the new administration.”
Seventeen major oil sands projects were canceled after oil prices crashed in 2014, as companies took major losses, Forrest said. Major investors in the oil sands have begun to leave, including Norway-based Statoil, which pulled out of the oil sands in December because it couldn't make money there.
Oil sands companies were also hard hit by last year's Fort McMurray wildfires, causing more than $3 billion in losses — the costliest natural disaster in Canada's history. Suncor, one of the largest oil sands producers in Alberta, suffered a $735 million loss to its operations.
Though low oil prices will keep new investments away, some remaining oil sands projects that companies had invested in before the 2014 oil crash will soon become operational and boost Canadian oil production over the next few years, Forrest said.
“We'll see half a million barrels of growth in oil sands through 2020,” she said. “After that, growth is less certain. Over 17 projects have been canceled. We're going to probably see a real slowdown in the rate of growth post-2020.”
Until the trajectory of oil prices and Trump administration policy on Keystone XL become more clear, the oil sands industry is holding its breath.
“A lot of players have left, and other production has been mothballed,” Homer-Dixon said. “The industry is in a holding pattern.”
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- Veteran Patriots defensive tackle Vince Wilfork said he feels as strong as ever and that his previously injured Achilles injury is an afterthought. Through 14 training camp practices and one preseason game, Wilfork feels good, and the player he matched up with Tuesday -- Eagles center Jason Kelce -- relayed that Wilfork is as tough as ever.
"I did not notice anything -- he was not any slower, or any less explosive, that's for sure," Kelce said after Tuesday's practice. "As a matter of fact, the first one-on-one he did, I was expecting [something different], and I set him on the line, and he hit me with a good swim move that I wasn't expecting. So he still has that explosiveness, still looks like the same great player that he's always been."
Kelce (6-3, 295) took us deeper into the matchup with Wilfork (6-2, 325), who had torn his Achilles Sept. 29.
"The first thing you notice going against him is that he's very intelligent," he said. "He's a guy that's really going to get every edge he can on you, and he's a guy that has a multiplicity of maneuvers. Everyone thinks he's a big, powerful guy and he only has one facet to his game, but he's actually pretty quick for his size and he has great technique, and it felt like the same old guy I've been up against before, which is never an easy task."
Six million confined to their homes with only essential workers exempt, while volunteers go door to door handing out soap
Some 6 million residents in Sierra Leone hunkered down at home on Friday as the country began a three-day lockdown aimed at raising awareness about the deadly Ebola virus.
The normally crowded streets were empty in the hilly capital, Freetown, with only security officials and essential workers with government passes allowed out. "Freetown is looking very lonely. We are all just staying at home waiting," said taxi driver Salifu Conte.
The dramatic measures came as the United Nations said the outbreak, which has infected some 5,300 people largely in Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia, was a threat to world peace. Health workers have struggled to stem the spiralling numbers as residents in rural areas have fled or attacked them. On Thursday, nine members of an education team in Guinea were found with slit throats after panicked residents thought they had come to attack them.
Almost 30,000 volunteers have been trained to hand out soap and raise awareness in the campaign known locally as "hose to hose tok" (house-to-house talk), but there were delays across the capital. "We volunteers have been waiting since 7am, but the health officials haven't come yet. We're ready to go, we want this Ebola to end, but the planning has not been the best," said Ade Kamara in Freetown.
Elsewhere teams of four began to fan out across the country, where they are expected to reach around 1.5m houses by Sunday.
In Kailahun, the eastern region hardest-hit by the outbreak, health worker Vandy Cawray prepared to be cut off for three days as he headed to remote villages he believes may not yet have received any education on the outbreak. Villagers in the northern district of Mayera vanished when education workers arrived to greet them on Thursday.
"It shows we still have work to do," Cawray said grimly. He shrugged off safety worries amid news of the team killed by residents in Womey, a Guinean village deep in the dense tropical forests that also spill into neighbouring Liberia.
"We have to do this properly. They've seen this terrible thing is happening and we need to help them," he said. Most people he had spoken to were more worried about lost earnings and feeding themselves, he said. "I tell them they just have to manage however they can, because we have to kick Ebola out."
Sierra Leone's president said if the population heeded the volunteers' advice, it would "help to reverse the increasing trend of the disease transmission and become a very big boost to our collective effort to stop the outbreak".
In a message broadcast on television and radio, Ernest Bai Koroma said: "These are extraordinary times and extraordinary times require extraordinary measures."
Others echoed that message. "This is an opportunity to hear from families what they want to know about Ebola," said Roeland Monasch, head of Unicef, which has helped train volunteers. "If people don't have access to the right information, we need to bring life-saving messages to them, where they live, at their doorsteps. The fight against Ebola needs to happen in every household, in every community and in every treatment centre."
But some health organisations worry the lockdown could drive already panicked communities into further isolation. Médecins sans Frontières also expressed concerns about where potential new cases would be treated.
"We're quite worried about the management of this campaign. Every single treatment centre in the country is full," said Christina Falconi, country coordinator for Sierra Leone.
Government officials said they expected to discover as many as 20% more new patients, who would then be taken to hospitals. But an official medic told the Guardian that a new surge could lead to confirmed cases and suspected cases being held together amid a lack of capacity. "It is a worry. There is a quite rigorous testing process before you can confirm the cases, and many of the early symptoms are the same as ordinary illnesses like malaria or food poisoning," the source said.
There are other worries. Hazel Chandler's organisation has turned its music and art studios into a temporary shelter for the street youth it normally trains. "A lot of them survive by sweeping or carrying things for people on the streets, so they've lost their hustle. Nobody seems to have made any plans for those people who don't actually have a home to be locked down in," said the director of Freetown-based WAYout.
Rating A Location The McKinney Avenue Contemporary 3120 McKinney Ave.
Dallas, TX 75204 Dates Open through Feb 12
I have a couple daughters, and we like to read fairy tales together, especially ones where scary or heroic talking animals feature alongside little girls. My girls are certainly frightened when we read stories like these, but not so much that they won't listen. They are listening for the part when the girl defeats the beast, as so often she does. But they also are just really interested in the beasts – those wicked and complicated bad guys. And because I have daughters (and am one myself), I know that girls are beasts too. Fairytales, among other things, certainly act as parables about conquering our own demons.
There are various incarnations of she-beasts and otherwise in a show called Beasts and Bunnies at the MAC through February 12, which features work by Helen Altman, Frances Bagley, Celia Eberle and Margaret Meehan – a group of female artists whose work explores animal themes in fantastical ways. Individually, these artists each can fill a gallery with an air of wonder-terror; together here, the gallery is effectively another world.
The large gallery is populated largely with sculptures, both free-standing and wall-mounted. Most notable (or perhaps noticeable) is a life-size, cream-colored, footless foam zebra by Frances Bagley. It's frozen in a gallop, with metal rods jutting out from its unfinished legs. His black stripes, made with felt, are only complete on one side, while the other half of the body remains shrouded in black. His eyes are covered in cheap packing foam that seems to billow in the pantomimed motion of the creature. He's a kind of half-made Franken-beast, come to life mid-way through his creation. Many of the contributions by the four artists propel the same vibe: a kind of gothic, man-playing-god-and-getting-it-all-wrong theme that makes for some haunting conceptions.
Margaret Meehan's sculpture Pelt is a crouching heap of deep purple-black faux fur studded with fake teeth. Meehan teases expectations in this piece by lumping the fur in certain places to suggest a body part, but then doing the same elsewhere, adding teeth willy-nilly and confounding any sense of the beast's body; you can't tell head from tail. The shape of the thing, and all those teeth¸ make it seem like some kind of cystic aberration: cells adding to cells, fur mounting fur. The monstrous thing is terrifying in its simplicity, with powers in it that threaten, even if the thing is inert. One of my daughters, who tagged along to see the show, wouldn't go near it. “It has too many teeth,” she said.
Bared teeth are always threatening indicators in stories with animals and people alike. Nothing is so chilling as a wolf's sharp snarl, or a mean grown up's. Meehan employs teeth quite often in her work. The human prosthetic teeth she uses always change something that could be benign — like the Victorian photo of baby, Molly, pictured in this show, whose mouth has been made up in a pinched set of pearly whites– into something malevolent and corrupt.
Some of Celia Eberle's work does something quite the opposite. Her cluster of three small wall sculptures called Petrified Forest is made from bone and coral – things that would be corrupting somewhere if not for the artist employing them. Atop the bone, Eberle has created little vignettes with the coral serving as trees or branches, with small animal figures made of jet perched on or peering out of it. These are sensitive little pieces, though cryptic too, that counterweight Meehan's forceful hazards.
Helen Altman's contributions to the show are varied: a skull made from anchovies, a fish tank with fake goldfish tethered to weights, plush toys that twist together, a blanket printed with a dog's portrait, among others. She plays with notions of warmth, comfort and familiarity while tweaking our relationship with familiar things into something untouchable and bizarre.
The small square gallery has been turned into a habitable landscape by the four artists — a collaborative installation called Call and Response. A low fence has been constructed on either side of the space, creating a narrow “lane” that one walks down to get through the gallery. Behind the fence on the left side is a smattering of odd little constructions, sculptures and readymades cluttering the ground behind a tall cut-out tree. Bats, birds and butterflies dangle from the ceiling, and a foam squirrel eats a nut somewhere up above. There's a tick-tock sound that fills the space, made by a cuckoo clock and two glockenspiel-type toys that spin small animals on plates, knocking tiny balls at each rotation. On the right side of the gallery, casts of hands project a wolf shadow puppet on the wall. On the floor here, too, are bowls of odd collections.
The placement of objects throughout the installation, and the laying of the tick-tocking over the experience, acts like a collage of narratives set to the pace of growing fear. There's an austerity to the space, too, as much as there is confusion. Much of the dimension of the installation is actually created by shadows.
The room – executed poetically and with intuitive deftness – feels just as those old Grimm's' fairy tales can: magical, but potent with horrors disguised as loveliness. Trickery, you're certain, abounds behind each artful oddity, as expected from this bevy of women with such seismic imagination and steadfast concern for their craft.
Image at top: Celia Eberle, Petrified Forest (three pieces), 2008. (detail) Bone, coral, jet.
WASHINGTON — A federal court issued a preliminary injunction today effectively blocking interim final rules issued by the Department of Health and Human Services and other federal agencies that would have allowed employers and universities to deny their employees and students insurance coverage for contraception due to religious or moral objections. The decision by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania was issued in a case brought by the commonwealth of Pennsylvania; the ACLU's suit challenging these rules is currently pending in California.
Louise Melling, ACLU deputy legal director, had this reaction:
“It is a good day when a court stops this administration from sanctioning discrimination under the guise of religion or morality. The Trump administration's rules stripped women of birth control coverage — a benefit guaranteed to them by law, and meant to advance their health and equality. We applaud the order to enjoin the enforcement of these discriminatory rules.”
CHICAGO -- It has taken Derrick Rose more than a year to recover from the physical effects of a torn ACL in his knee, but his mentality appears to be in midseason form.
When asked by CNN's Pedro Pinto in an interview who the best player in the NBA is right now, the former MVP did not hesitate with his answer.
"Derrick Rose," the 24-year-old said confidently.
The fact that Rose responded that way won't surprise those close to him. Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau and general manager Gar Forman both said recently that the star point guard is feeling great and is ready to start the season.
"There will be an adjustment period, but I'm not anticipating there being any problems," Thibodeau, in an interview with ESPNChicago.com last week during the Las Vegas Summer League, said of getting Rose back into the swing of things during the preseason. "His overall strength is terrific. He's put a lot of work into his body. I know he's anxious to get out there and play. He's played some pickup but not a lot, but he feels great, and that's the most important thing."
Thibodeau also noted that Rose likely would play the regular starters' minutes during the preseason.
A little while ago, Beer Street Journal mentioned that Great Divide (Denver, CO) would announce a new “Yeti” in the infamous series. Looks like we have our answer- Oatmeal Yeti. The base beer for each of the Yetis is a big imperial stout. From there, coffee, chocolate, or special barrel aging occur to make each one unique. For Oatmeal Yeti, rolled oats and raisins allow this beast to stand out.
Much like its legendary precedessors, this Yeti is big, bold and dark. The addition of rolled out softens Yeti's notoriously roasty backbone, and the small amount of raisins add in the brew kettle creates a unique dark fruit character. Just as admired as those that came before it, Oatmeal Yeti Imperial Stout is a gentle beast.
Style: Imperial Stout (w/ Oats, Raisins)
Availability: 22oz bombers, Draft
Arrival: TBA
9.5% ABV
The IceCube project has constructed a giant detector in the Antarctic ice to find subatomic particles. It could reveal where cosmic rays come from – and their cause. We meet the scientists at the South Pole
Spencer Klein is holding a thick glass ball the size of a watermelon and it is stuffed with electronics. For 10 minutes or so, he turns it over in his hands and talks through what it does, how it works and the brutal environment it can withstand. This last point turns out to be key. Over the past half-decade, more than 5,000 of these objects have been shipped to the South Pole, strung together like beads, and buried deep in the Antarctic ice sheet.
Klein is a physicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory that sits high on the hills overlooking the University of California's Berkeley campus and beyond to San Francisco Bay. The glass ball in his hands is a "digital optical module" (DOM), an exquisitely sensitive light detector that lies at the heart of what must be one of the most ambitious projects in the history of science. By freezing these modules into the ground around the US Amundsen-Scott South Pole station, on the high plain of Antarctica, Klein and his colleagues have turned a cubic kilometre of pristine polar ice into an enormous cosmic observatory.
The $272m (£170m) IceCube instrument is not your typical telescope. Instead of collecting light from the stars, planets or other celestial objects, IceCube looks for ghostly particles called neutrinos that hurtle across space with high-energy cosmic rays. If all goes to plan, the observatory will reveal where these mysterious rays come from, and how they get to be so energetic. But that is just the start. Neutrino observatories such as IceCube will ultimately give astronomers fresh eyes with which to study the universe.
The frigid conditions at the South Pole meant construction teams could only work on IceCube between November and February each year when ski-equipped planes can safely make the 1,800-mile round trip to the research station. The DOMs are designed to run on precious little power, a measly 5W each, but even so, it takes 10 planeloads of fuel to run IceCube for a single year.
The final digital optical module (DOM) is prepared for the telescope.
The final piece of the observatory was put in place a week before Christmas when engineers used a hot-water drill to melt the last of 86 holes in the ice. The holes reach a depth of 2.5km (1.5 miles) and down each is lowered a string of 60 DOMs that are locked in place when the water in the hole refreezes. The pressure is so great at these depths that air bubbles are squeezed out of the ice, leaving it almost perfectly transparent.
Physicists on the IceCube project are now completing a series of checks on the latest additions to their bizarre instrument to see if the equipment survived the ordeal of being installed. Assuming it has – and only a couple of DOMs have failed in the project's history – the instrument will soon swing into action and its search for cosmic rays will begin in earnest. "Our best calculations show that we need an instrument this size to have a good chance of seeing these cosmic ray sources," says Klein. "Now we're done, we have it."
An Austrian-born scientist called Victor Hess discovered cosmic rays 100 years ago. In a series of hot-air balloon flights, Hess measured the radiation around him at altitudes up to and beyond five kilometres. As he rose up through the atmosphere, radiation levels initially fell, but then rose steeply until they were double that at sea level. Hess reasoned that radiation must somehow reach Earth from outer space.
Cosmic rays are now known to be highly energetic particles that originate in outer space and bombard our planet from all directions. Most are made up of charged particles, such as metal ions, but these are of little use to space scientists hoping to discover the origins of high-energy cosmic rays. Charged particles are deflected by magnetic fields as they race across space, making it hard, or impossible, to retrace their route and locate their cosmic birthplace.
Neutrinos are different. Produced alongside cosmic rays in outer space, neutrinos are uncharged and pass through normal matter almost entirely unhindered. Instead of being pushed and pulled around as they head towards Earth, neutrinos move in a straight line, giving scientists a good chance of tracing them directly back to their origins.
The most energetic cosmic rays seen in nature pack far more punch than any particle accelerator has ever achieved on Earth. "Some carry the same amount of energy as a well-hit tennis ball," says Klein. "To put that in context, if you wanted to build an accelerator that energetic, with the same technology they use at the Large Hadron Collider [at Cern, in Switzerland], you would need a ring of magnets the size of Earth's orbit around the Sun."
Scientists have some ideas about what cosmic events might produce these extraordinarily energetic cosmic rays. They could be driven by shockwaves emanating from exploding stars, or be propelled from supermassive black holes that sit at the centres of galaxies, gobbling up stars and other objects in the vicinity. In one scenario, cosmic rays stream out when a black hole collides with a neutron star.
"The biggest puzzle about cosmic rays is that they are the highest-energy particles we can see in the universe and yet we don't know what makes them. We have ideas, but it remains one of the outstanding mysteries of physics. What we want to find out is, how is nature doing this?" says Subir Sarkar, an astroparticle physicist at Oxford University and leader of the British team that works on IceCube.
IceCube is not the first neutrino observatory to be built by scientists, but it is by far the largest. In 1987, three neutrino detectors, constructed in caverns in Japan, America and the Caucasus, became the first to spot a few handfuls of neutrinos that sprayed out of a supernova called 1987A, which exploded in the Large Magellanic Cloud, a neighbouring galaxy to ours. In Siberia, a Russian-German team has lowered cables carrying 192 light sensors into the clear depths of Lake Baikal, turning 10 megatonnes of water into a neutrino detector. Another neutrino observatory, Antares (Astronomy with a Neutrino Telescope and Abyss Environmental Research), was built off the coast of Toulon in France in Mediterranean waters 2.5km deep. Antares complements IceCube as a northern hemisphere-based observatory.
Even with an instrument the size of IceCube, scientists expect to see only a few hundred neutrinos a day. The elusive particles reveal themselves on the rare occasions that they collide with the nuclei of oxygen atoms in the ice. When this happens, a neutrino produces a particle called a muon, a heavy relative of the electron. These muons travel faster than the speed of light in ice and release a shockwave of faint, blue light that is picked up by IceCube's light sensors.
In a lab on the surface, signals from DOMs throughout the IceCube observatory are combined and analysed to work out the direction and energy of neutrinos that left their tracks. The scientists will look for muons that move upwards through the ice, as these are produced by neutrinos that passed through the Earth before reaching the detector. Far more downwards-moving muons are produced by charged particles in the atmosphere above the detector, but these don't point back to the sources of cosmic rays. "We essentially use the Earth as a giant filter to absorb all the particle junk that is made locally," says Sarkar.
Over time, the IceCube observatory will build up a "neutrino map" of the sky and with luck find hotspots in the heavens where high-energy cosmic rays appear to come from. By comparing this map with those already made by optical, infra-red, radio and x-ray telescopes, scientists may finally learn where, and even how, cosmic rays are made.
Recently, the IceCube team signed an agreement with the Nasa scientists who operate the Swift satellite that scours space for gamma ray bursts, the most violent events in the universe. Whenever Swift spots one, Nasa tells the IceCube scientists so they can immediately check that part of the sky for neutrinos.
Klein says about 90% of the urge to understand cosmic rays is intellectual, but unravelling the natural processes that propel particles around in space could be used to transform technology on the ground. "If we can learn how cosmic rays are produced, we might learn something useful for building accelerators on Earth," he says.
One region of space that is a likely source of cosmic rays is a galaxy 10 million light years away called Centaurus A. There is little to see through an optical telescope because the galaxy is obscured by dust, but infrared images from Nasa's Spitzer space telescope cut through the haze to show a spiral galaxy falling into a black hole at the centre of Centaurus A. When Nasa's Chandra space telescope took x-ray images of Centaurus A, it saw huge jets erupting from the centre of the galaxy.
"Centaurus A looks different at every wavelength we've tried. The question is, what will it look like through a neutrino observatory?" says Sarkar. With neutrinos, scientists may finally be able to look deep into the heart of a galaxy and see what Sarkar calls the "central engine" that churns out cosmic rays.
Even as IceCube goes into action, scientists have begun work on prototype neutrino observatories that are larger still. The Arianna neutrino observatory will turn 100 cubic kilometres of the Ross ice shelf in Antarctica into a colossal neutrino detector.
Francis Halzen, IceCube's lead scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, turns to Marcel Proust when asked how neutrino observatories such as IceCube might give us new insights into the workings of the cosmos: "The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes."
As the short summer and its 24-hour days of sunlight come to an end at the South Pole, work on IceCube has turned to upgrading computer systems and packing up the hot-water drill for long-term storage. Now the scientists face a waiting game: it is time to see if the Antarctic ice can catch their elusive quarry.
Since 2006, the federal government has supplied local police departments across the U.S. with roughly $2.2 billion in military equipment, including armored vehicles, helicopters, machine guns, and even 5,638 bayonets, according to a newly released report from the pro-government transparency group Open The Books.
Since 1997, surplus military equipment has been transferred to local PDs under the Department of Defense (DoD)'s 1033 Program, but with the increase in military spending post-9/11/01, and the subsequent scaling back of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, the U.S. military has far more equipment than it needs, which means police in cities big and small can load up on state-of-the-art war machines, tactical gear, guns, and explosives.
One of the report's authors, Adam Andrzejewski, wrote in an article for Forbes that America's militarized institutions include "park districts, forest preserves, hometown police departments, junior colleges, universities, county sheriffs, natural resource and public safety departments, state police." The report is based on data compiled from Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests from IllinoisLeaks.com.
Andrzejewski summarized some of the 1.5 million items transferred by the Pentagon to local agencies:
7,091 trucks ($400.9 million); 625 mine-resistant vehicles (421.1 million); 471 helicopters ($158.3 million); 56 airplanes ($271.5 million); and 329 armored trucks and cars ($21.3 million)
83,122 M16/M14 rifles (5.56mm and 7.62mm) ($31.2 million); 8,198 pistols (.38 and .45 caliber) ($491,769); and 1,385 riot 12-gauge shotguns ($137,265)
18,299 night-vision sights, sniper scopes, binoculars, goggles, infrared and image magnifiers ($98.5 million); 5,518 infrared, articulated, panoramic and laser telescopes ($5.5 million)
866 mine detecting sets, marking kits, and probes ($3.3 million); 57 grenade launchers ($41,040)
5,638 bayonets ($307,769) and 36 swords and scabbards.
Virginia, Arizona, Tennessee, California, and Texas all received more than $100 million in military gear between 2006-2015, but all of them were dwarfed by Florida, which alone received over $300 million in surplus Pentagon equipment. Other highlights of the report include the Washington, D.C. Metro Police's acquisition of 500 M16/M14 rifles and over 134 pounds of explosives, including C4 and TNT.
Despite President Obama ordering a review of the 1033 Program after public outcry over the heavy-handed manner in which Ferguson police treated protesters in 2014, and calls from politicians like Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) to end the militarization of police, Andrzejewski writes "federal data shows that 2014 and 2015 were peak years" for local law enforcement agencies receiving military gear.
You can read more Reason coverage on the DoD's 1033 Program here.
The first 10,000 league commissioners that create a Full League prior to 2nd March 2015 will receive a 2015 AFL Live Pass for the length of the premiership season right up until the end of November, valued at $67.28. Prizes Page
Ensure you create a classic league, not an elite league
There are no further details that I have found that tell you when/how the subscription will be sent to you.
Once a league is created, as the owner you can add 10 celebrity players automatically, thus only needing 5 other 'real' players (apart from yourself) to fill the league.
Thanks to GaelicAU this is how to add celebrity teams:
Click 'Classic' Click 'Leagues' To the right of your league, click the Cog / Settings icon. Under 'Manage League', click 'Players' Click 'Add a Celebrity Player' (big blue buttton)
Here's the link to the important part of the image from the email.
http://tds-email.s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/afl/launch2...
(tidied up midday 29/1 for clarity - as of editing, there are 4300 clicks through to the Fantasy site and 6300 comments here.. so likely easily half of the 10,000 leagues and subsequently at least half of the 10,000 passes on offer are gone or close to it! Get cracking on filling you league if it's not already full.)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Richard Symonds, one of Britain's top Wikipedia contributors, explains why he finds updating the online encyclopaedia so addictive
Wikipedia is celebrating its 10th anniversary and has long been a refuge for those avoiding homework by getting lost in an ever-burgeoning string of tangential morsels of knowledge. But how much can you learn from Wikipedia in one hour?
It's easy to get lost while wandering through Wikipedia.
Perhaps sitting at home one evening, a tax return needs to be filled in, or a new shed picked and ordered. Instead there is a sudden desire to immerse oneself in Wikipedia-aided trivia.
Most trips to Wikipedia start off legitimate, in a genuine effort to garner pertinent information for the task in hand, but then a link catches the eye. Was Matilda genuinely queen of England, and what exactly happened in the Milli Vanilli scandal?
But perhaps we should celebrate what might be termed wiki-chaining or wiki-crack, depending on one's perspective.
Image caption Aristotle was the human Wikipedia of his day
You can learn a lot in an hour on the world's biggest free encyclopaedia.
1000 GMT It seems appropriate to start the journey with Aristotle who, as his Wikipedia entry notes, was "probably the last person to know everything there was to be known in his own time". He was, in a sense, a classical human Wikipedia.
A huge influence on subsequent philosophical thought, Christian theology and medieval science, Wikipedia notes that his views on the physical sciences were ultimately superceded by Newtonian physics.
1003 GMT Clicking on "Newtonian physics" actually takes you to the entry on "classical mechanics".
It is defined as: "The set of physical laws governing and methodically describing the motions of bodies and aggregates of bodies geometrically distributed within a certain boundary under the action of a system of forces."
It seems Isaac Newton got it going, building on the work of Johannes Kepler, who in turn followed Tycho Brahe.
Criticism of Wikipedia Lacking authority
Factual errors on specialist articles
Vulnerable to vandalism
Vulnerable to attack by vested interests
Liberal bias
American-centric
Anonymity of editors
Dwells on trivia
Source: Wikipedia Wikipedia: Criticism of Wikipedia
1005 GMT It's hard not to click on a name like Tycho Brahe. He was a Danish astronomer brought to Prague, and among his achievements was spotting that new stars cropped up in space, contrary to the received wisdom.
The heading "Tycho's nose" draws the eye. He lost part of it in a duel and "wore a realistic replacement made of silver and gold". There may also have been a bit of copper in there, but one wonders just how realistic it was.
1007 GMT Prosthetics. an artificial item that replaces a missing body part. A heading on cognition leads to "executive function".
1010 GMT Executive function. The executive system is a theorised cognitive system in psychology that controls and manages cognitive processes, according to the authors of this entry. The rather curious sounding "Stroop task" is one of the tests used to measure it.
Image caption Tycho Brahe's nose may have had some copper in it
1012 GMT The Stroop effect is a demonstration of the reaction time of a task. Named after John Ridley Stroop, it's a test where one might write the word "red" in blue ink and ask the subject to name the colour. It typically takes the test subject longer with greater likelihood of error than if the ink matches the word.
Wikipedia reveals that Stroop's original paper is one of the most cited in the history of experimental psychology.
We don't have a lot of money - we are running a website with 408m visitors on just over $20m Jimmy Wales, Wikipedia founder Wikipedia 'too tough for many'
1015 GMT Grapheme-colour synaesthesia. One of the more common forms of synaesthesia, those who have it typically see letters and numbers and associate them with colours. The physicist Richard Feynman is said to have had it.
1017 GMT Richard Feynman. A physics genius, a populariser of science, and an all-round colourful character, there is much to be fascinated about in the life of Feynman. A brief line about his synaesthesia - he saw equations in colour - is in the "personal life" section.
The section also details his use of a topless bar as a second office where he made sketches and wrote physics equations on placemats. When the authorities wanted to close the bar, he was the only customer who would speak in its defence. He argued the bar fulfilled a public need.
The corrector Wikipedia is very big and encourages anybody to put information on. The result is that anybody does add information whether they know or not. It's never quite certain that the information on it is reliable. There are two particular problems. One is that the person writing may believe the information but it may not be true. The other is the person writing doesn't believe it. It may be vandalism. The good thing is that it is self-correcting. There are pages that don't get looked at by anybody that cares to correct them for a long time. I've come across and corrected bits of vandalism and I've found it's been there for months or more than a year. Much visited pages are corrected very quickly, within seconds or minutes. It is good in that it encourages people who probably wouldn't have done any factual writing. You may be the first to hear that someone has died or a major earthquake has happened and you can put it on.
This section on his personal life also holds his last words: "I'd hate to die twice. It's so boring."
But who else had synaesthesia?
1022 GMT Synaesthesia. Wassily Kandinsky is one of the most famous synaesthetes, but who else? Wikipedia produces a rather interesting painting by Carol Steen. But who is she? There is no link, and searching for her name throws up references but no dedicated entry.
Nikola Tesla is another of the synaesthetes.
1024 GMT Nikola Tesla. What an entry on the man responsible for the work behind the birth of the alternating current powering your desktop computer.
The "personal life" section is again a mine of information. We learn he could speak eight languages, would only stay in a hotel room with a number divisible by three and was revolted by pearl earrings and fat people.
He loved his childhood cat, was friends with Mark Twain and said he was visited by a specific white pigeon every day towards the end of his life.
Oh and he was a proponent of eugenics.
Image caption Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening is one of the longer article titles
1029 GMT Eugenics has a lengthy entry. Wikipedia's editors have furnished it with plenty in the way of proponents of eugenics. But what about opponents? English writer GK Chesterton is mentioned as an early enemy of the science of improving the human population.
1031 GMT GK Chesterton's entry includes a description of him as the "prince of paradox", a man who tried to find a third way.
"The whole modern world has divided itself into Conservatives and Progressives," he is quoted as having said. "The business of Progressives is to go on making mistakes. The business of the Conservatives is to prevent the mistakes from being corrected."
There's an entry on something called the The Chesterbelloc. This was a term coined by the playwright George Bernard Shaw for Chesterton's collaboration with the poet Hilaire Belloc. They both criticised capitalism and socialism and favoured their own doctrine: distributism.
1034 GMT Distributism. "A third-way economic philosophy formulated by such Roman Catholic thinkers as GK Chesterton and Hilaire Belloc to apply the principles of Catholic Social Teaching."
Among the examples of its modern influence is the Mondragon Cooperative Corporation.
Image caption Rome has lots of obelisks, Wikipedia reveals
1037 GMT Mondragon Cooperative Corporation. A federation of worker cooperatives founded in Mondragon in 1956, the corporation is the seventh largest Spanish company by turnover. The spur for its creation was the arrival in 1941 of a young Catholic priest José Maria Arizmendiarrieta to the town of Mondragon, then suffering the effects of the Spanish Civil War.
1039 GMT Spanish Civil War. Sometimes wiki-chaining can take you down through more and more obscure entries. But it's also good to open out into a big one every so often.
Using the headings list to get to the section on "atrocities", there is a discussion on how many civilians were killed by the Nationalists and the Republicans. There are figures from four different sources, which the reader can use as a jumping off point.
A notable victim listed is Federico Garcia Lorca.
1043 GMT Federico Garcia Lorca. Poet and playwright. Met his death in August 1936 at the hands of a Nationalist firing squad. He was a friend of Salvador Dalí, among others.
1044 GMT Salvador Dalí. When lost in Wikipedia, one often finds oneself clicking on entries for people and things already well-known, and still finding new nuggets of information or link fodder. Clicking down to the "symbolism" section, and there's a bit on the painting Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening. It's a sufficiently famous painting to have its own entry.
1045 GMT Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening. Like all Dali paintings, there's plenty to analyse, and one of Wikipedia's citations mentions a "surrealist interpretation of the Theory of Evolution". In the painting, an elephant on long thin legs carries an obelisk.
The journalist We teach our journalists to take full advantage of Wikipedia and of the search engines, but we also do tell them to be careful and not to regard any source as something you can entirely rely on. It is terribly useful but it's patchy. You can see a Wikipedia entry with a lot of page references and links to other articles and can treat it with some confidence but I wouldn't encourage them to cut and paste. They have grown up with the technology, they are quite sceptical. When you have got something like Wikipedia they don't have the kind of structure in place to do the kind of fact checking (news) agencies do. Journalists have a really important role as mediators. Richard Tait is a former BBC Trustee
1047 GMT Obelisk. Poetically referred to as "a petrified ray of the sundisk", here we have a slew of factlets about these mysterious monuments. The tallest Egyptian obelisk is in the square in front of the Lateran Basilica and stands 105.6ft tall and weighs 455 tons. The emperor Theodosius put one in Constantinople in 390 that still stands.
And there's a delightful little anecdote about the time when Pope Sixtus V decided to re-erect the obelisk in St Peter's Square. Architect and engineer Domenico Fantana presented the pope with a tiny wooden model of a crane and a miniature lead obelisk. The pope was able to wind the tiny winch with his finger and raise the little obelisk. Fontana got the job.
1051 GMT Domenico Fontana. It took 900 men and 75 horses to raise the 327-ton obelisk. One can read about the astonishment that Fontana's use of "statics" prompted. But the entry has no link to "statics" and there's a break in the chain that requires the use of Wikipedia's search engine.
1054 GMT Statics is, apparently, the branch of mechanics concerned with the analysis of loads on physical systems in static equilibrium. In the section on hydrostatics, the contributors have namechecked Pascal, Archimedes, and Galileo, but also the apparently enigmatic Abu Rayhan al-Biruni.
1056 GMT Abu al-Rayhan Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Biruni. A polymath from what was then the Samanid empire, al-Biruni helped to establish the experimental method in mechanics and travelled as far afield as western India to further his education. He produced 146 works, including al-As'ila wal-Ajwiba (Questions and Answers), in which he attacks the physics of Aristotle.
1100 GMT Aristotle.
Link to this page: https://www.socialistparty.org.uk/articles/18627
Posted on 15 May 2014 at 15:59 GMT
TUSC meeting at POA conference
35 delegates attended TUSC's excellent fringe meeting at this year's Prison Officers' Association union conference in Southport, not long after New Labour's shadow prisons minister received some sharp words from POA general secretary Steve Gillan for failing to address the key issues of union rights, retirement age and reversing privatisation.
Speakers from the POA and TUSC emphasised the need for "a left-wing alternative for working people", as POA and meeting chair PJ McPartlin said. Tony Mulhearn, speaking on behalf of Merseyside TUSC, outlined the austerity that is hammering wages, contracts and public services, with Labour complicit, leaving the working-class effectively disenfranchised.
With this year's huge electoral challenge by TUSC, said Tony, if we hold our nerve and have some vision about what is possible then we can build the outline of a new mass force. POA assistant general secretary Joe Simpson declared: "I'm standing for TUSC because I'm sick and tired of the thieving rob-dogs running this country. We're being robbed and yet the trade unions are still filling the coffers of a Labour Party that has done nothing to defend us. We need an alternative because Labour has totally forgotten about working class people". Brian Caton, former POA general secretary and the meeting convenor, called on POA members and branches to get involved with TUSC, and to sponsor TUSC candidates especially in key areas where we could make a major impact.
Closing the meeting, PJ McPartlin pointed out that the title of the meeting was "Politics and the POA" and that the two are inseperable. With several POA members like Brian and Joe standing as TUSC candidates this year, support for TUSC will continue to grow in the union.
by Paul Kennedy @pkedit, Nov 6, 2014
[U.S. SOCCER]
John Hackworth
Hugo Perez
John Ellinger
Wilmer Cabrera
Five months after he was fired as the Philadelphia Union's head coach,is back with U.S. Soccer as the head coach of its under-15 boys national team. Hackworth had previously been U.S. under-17 national team coach through two World Cup cycles (2004-07). He replaces, who worked for two years as the head coach of the '99 age groups that was last year's under-15 national team. The former U.S. World Cup player was relieved of his duties as U-15 coach two months ago.In this new full-time position, Hackworth will work on transitioning under-17 players as they move up to the under-17 national team.“When I heard about this position becoming full-time, I was excited not just for myself but for U.S. Soccer,” Hackworth said. “I think it's a position that will truly advance our player development in this country. The U-15 coach's job is to prepare a large pool of players early in the developmental cycle of the youth national teams, and expanding our focus in this area is significant. One key component is taking the messages from the senior national team and keeping them consistent throughout all the programs, so that players know what is expected at the highest level and we are properly preparing them to advance through our national teams.”Hackworth first became an assistant coach for the U.S. under-17 men's national team under former head coachin 2002. He then took the USA to the 2005 U-17 World Championship, where the U.S. advanced to the quarterfinals, and the 2007 U-17 World Cup, at which the USA fell in the round of 16. After being replaced by, Hackworth worked an assistant coach with the men's national team until 2009 and then served as the inaugural technical director of the U.S. Soccer Development Academy before spending the last five years at the Union, first as its youth development coordinator and then head coach.
In Hackworth's first cycle, late bloomers included Jozy Altidore, Omar Gonzalez and Neven Subotic, who later played for Serbia at the World Cup. The 2007 crop was less productive.
Hackworth's first camp with the U-15s will take place in December and include 36 players and will take place from Dec. 13-20. The U-15s will travel to Gradisca, Italy, for a tournament in the spring.
Hackworth will coach the U-15s -- the 2000 age group -- in 2015 before they graduate next fall into the next U-17 cycle that ends with qualifying for the 2017 U-17 World Cup. In the fall of 2015, Hackworth will begin to work the 2002-born group for a two-year cycle.
Chip Kelly wants to hear UCLA's pitch before he makes a decision on Florida, according to our sources and various media outlets.
Apparently, the reason Kelly hadn't signed a deal with Florida is because he was waiting on the UCLA job to come open. Speculation is that UCLA pulled the trigger on Jim Mora, in fact, so they could pitch Kelly before he made a decision over Florida.
Florida representatives visited Kelly at his home in New Hampshire Sunday night, and the feeling was that the deal was on the verge of getting done. But it appears UCLA has, at least, made Kelly hold off until he hears their pitch.
Reportedly, Kelly will meet with UCLA soon, possibly as early as Monday.
For more tidbits of information and some insider speculation, go here:
Spiking rates of heroin and opioid abuse in Pennsylvania are filling up the state's hospitals at an ever-rising rate, producing a snapshot of just who is abusing these potent drugs in the Commonwealth.
According to the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council, the face of the state's opioid crisis, based upon hospital data collected statewide, is that of a 33-year-old person when it comes to those hospitalized for heroin.
The analysis of heroin-related hospitalizations from last year showed about 70 percent of Pa. patients were 20 to 39 years old, with an average age of 33.
Still the heroin crisis is reaching down to younger Pennsylvanians as well, with 2 percent of last year's patients between the ages of 15 to 19.
Meanwhile, those Pennsylvanians overdosing on prescription opioids were much older, with an average age of 54, according to the report.
Most concerning of all is the fact that the statistics only track those people admitted to hospitals.
Those Pennsylvanians who overdose on heroin or opioids and are treated in emergency rooms and then released without a hospital admission -- a very large percentage of overall opioid overdose victims -- aren't counted by the Cost Containment Council report.
Use of illegal heroin, as well as abuse of legal opioids like prescription pain killers, contributed about evenly to the Pa. hospital admissions. But the Rx opioids were a slightly larger contributor to hospitalizations, perhaps because these abusers tend to be older.
Over all, admissions to Pennsylvania hospitals for opioid abuse have increased four-fold since 2010 and cost an estimated $27 million last year, with the sharpest increases in admissions coming in the most recent years, the report showed.
"These new findings continue to stress the devastating impact of drugs on Pennsylvania families, communities and taxpayers, regardless of age, race, gender, income level, or where one lives," Joe Martin, executive director of the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council, said in a statement.
NOTE: This story has been updated to reflect the differing demographics between those Pennsylvanians hospitalized for heroin overdoses and those admitted for opioid prescription abuse.
The tug-of-war between AIADMK's Panneerselvam and Sasikala factions to claim the party's two leaves symbol has not gone unnoticed by anyone. While the OPS faction was allotted an electric pole, the Sasikala camp settled with a hat.
But the tussle for power and claim to Jayalalithaa's rightful legacy still continues in Tamil Nadu. The poll panel has now extended the time allotted to both the factions till June 16 to submit all documents, replies and evidence in relation to the case.
Rampant corruption led to the cancellation of the RK Nagar bypolls following raids in which money to lure voters was seized.
Various AIADMK leaders paid several visits to the national capital. One faction of party leaders filed affidavits and petitions with the Election Commission, alleging the rival camp was indulging in corruption.
WHAT DO OPS, SASIKALA CAMPS CLAIM
The Panneerselvam camp stakes claim to the 'two leaves' symbol and has demanded that Sasikala's appointment as party general secretary be annulled. The Sasikala faction led by Thambidurai claims that the AIADMK was one party headed by Sasikala, who was elected by a constitutional procedure. "There are minor differences within the party and they will be resolved soon. There is only one AIADMK and the 'two leaves' symbol is ours", Thambidurai said while addressing the media after meeting the Election Commission on April 3.
However, the Election Commission froze the 'two leaves' symbol before the RK Nagar bypolls.
The 'two leaves' symbol is important to both factions of the AIADMK as that symbol truly represents former party chief J Jayalalithaa and the true AIADMK. This is also the same symbol over which AIADMK's Amma faction Deputy General Secretary TTV Dinakaran has been accused of bribing election commission officials.
Also read | OPS, EPS camps ready with AIADMK merger plan: VK Sasikala, Dinakaran to be 'completely sidelined'
Also read | Get Sasikala family's resignation for AIADMK factions merger, demands OPS camp
Also read | Acceptable leadership, not merger of Sasikala-OPS factions, solution to AIADMK's problem
ALSO WATCH VIDEO
“I'm wanting to tell wives and mothers that there is so much inherent goodness in the call to work and that we needn't pit certain types of roles against each other,” Beaty said. "There are ways to be a devoted wife and mother and a devoted CEO. In the church, we need to make space for women who feel called to both at the same time.”
The 31-year-old Beaty wasn't always so outspoken about this idea. Three years ago, she broke off an engagement with her fiancé and was promoted to managing editor on the same day. With her dreams of marriage and motherhood sidelined at least temporarily, she embraced her leadership role. But Beaty said she has experienced some resistance as a result of her gender.
In meetings with Christian men outside of the company, she often feels invisible. Sometimes it is as subtle as the way someone establishes eye contact; other times, she is blatantly ignored by her male peers. Beaty recalls attending a recent gathering with other Christian leaders in Kentucky where she was the only woman representing the evangelical viewpoint. As she and several male leaders stood in a circle chatting, another man entered the room and aggressively shook every attendee's hand—except hers. The man didn't even look at her.
“No one's explicitly said to me, ‘I don't want to talk to you because you're a woman,' or ‘I don't value your insights because you're a woman,'” she said. “It's all in body language and subconscious symbols of who has the power in a room and who doesn't.”
In addition to experiencing the tensions many religious women face, Beaty was transformed by the fulfillment she discovered in her work. Before her promotion, Beaty said she would not have hesitated to quit a job if she got married and had children. She once believed staying at home with children is a mother's “central call”; she would have happily relegated the task of financial provision to her husband. But her thinking has changed.
“If that were to come to pass now, I'd be more proactive in finding a workplace culture that supports, in actual policy, the perfectly good desire that women have to hold their jobs, take maternity leave, and be a mother,” Beaty said.
As for most evangelicals, the Bible has played an important role in forming her beliefs. After carefully studying the scriptures, she concluded “there is a very strong biblical argument for the notion that women and men are equal in worth and dignity.”
Among the non-religious and those from more progressive faith traditions, the most surprising thing about this statement may be that anyone would consider it radical. But Beaty is making a bold claim, at least in some circles: She argues not just that God permits some women to work, but that God intends every woman to work. Her theology of work is connected to her beliefs about cultural impact.
Illinois State Rep. Daniel Biss positioned himself as a fresh face Monday as he jumped into the Democratic primary for the state's 2018 gubernatorial election. But his ties to the state House's powerful speaker show the difficulties for candidates looking to distance themselves from the establishment in a state long dominated by political machines.
Launching his campaign, Biss promised to move the state away from the "billionaires and machine politicians," adding that House Speaker Michael Madigan, the dean of Illinois Democratic politics, has "been there too long."
“We need to take our system back from the billionaires and the machine politicians whose voices are heard while the rest of us have been locked out,” Biss said in a Facebook Live video kicking off his bid.
But Biss, like most Illinois Democrats and his gubernatorial primary rivals, has benefitted from a lot of money from Madigan and those in his orbit.
ADVERTISEMENT
And Biss led the Illinois-based super PAC “Leading Illinois for Tomorrow,” or LIFT, last year, which filled its coffers with millions from Madigan and his top allies.
The group started in September, two months before Election Day. In that short amount of time, it raised and ultimately spent $10 million hammering current Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner by tying him to then-Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, who lost the state by nearly 20 percentage points.
Biss told The Hill on Friday that the PAC “was a completely unified Democratic effort because the Democratic Party was under attack.” He added that his work for the PAC is consistent with his values as a “loyal Democrat who has been usually critical of the Speaker as a Democrat in this legislature.”
“I'm a lifelong progressive Democrat and I fight for Democratic values and candidates, but I also fight to reform the Democratic Party,” Biss told The Hill in an interview Friday.
“I don't just think those things can coexist, they have to coexist.”
The super PAC's contributors list doubles as a who's who of donors in Madigan's circle, including the speaker himself. Madigan has been the state House speaker since 1983 and also serves as the state party chair, so he has his fingers on the pulse of all things Democratic in the Land of Lincoln.
Madigan's campaign committee gave the group $500,000, the largest donation from his campaign to a political organization aside from the state Democratic Party, according to data compiled by The Illinois Campaign for Political Reform.
The campaign committee for Illinois attorney general Lisa Madigan, speaker's daughter, gave another $150,000.
A host of other well-connected Democrats are also on the group's donor list too.
There's the $10,000 donation from Roger Kiley, Madigan's former law partner, according to the Chicago Tribune, and the former chief of staff to iconic Chicago Mayor Richard Daley.
Then there's a $1.5 million check from Democratic mega-donor Fred Eychaner, as well as two $10,000 checks from Cook County assessor Joe Berrios and his campaign account. Both Eychaner and Barrios are considered reliable Madigan allies.
And the super PAC's coffers were also filled with a slew of donations from unions and union-backed groups, many of whom have long served as allies to Madigan and other Democrats over the years.
For a state-level super PAC, even one targeting a presidential candidate, LIFT punched far above its weight.
It made a $2.9 million ad buy against Trump in late October, an individual anti-Trump buy larger than one made by any other group except Priorities USA, according to data synthesized by ProPublica.
Priorities USA, the primary outside group supporting Democrat Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's presidential bid, spent more than $190 million in 2016.
For many Illinois Democrats, the opportunity to tie Trump around Rauner's neck was likely an intriguing proposition. It could help dent Republican favorability statewide in the 2016 election while also softening up Rauner before the pivotal 2018 governor's race.
But raising $10 million in six weeks would have been nearly impossible for a state senator without help from high places — even a state senator like Biss, who is well-respected in Democratic circle.
“There is no question that [Biss] was working hand-in-glove with Madigan's allies,” one Illinois source with knowledge of conversations between the two parties told The Hill.
Biss told The Hill in December that Madigan was “walled off from the committee's message because of his role with the Democratic Party.”
That division was a nod to federal and state super PAC laws that don't allow candidates to coordinate spending. But those laws don't bar a politician from soliciting donations for a group not spending in their race.
On Friday, he noted that Madigan hadn't supported him in 2010, when he ran for state legislature and added that one of his first bills once he won was in support of term limits.
“The Democratic Party was under attack, its values and priorities were under attack, so people were united,” Biss said about LIFT's aims.
One Illinois Democratic operative told The Hill that while any observer of state politics could see that LIFT was a “Madigan joint,” he believes it's unlikely any Democrat would hold the connection against Biss, even though he has positioned himself as the candidate who will bring a new direction to the state government.
Some of Biss's primary opponents also contributed to LIFT, making attacks on the super PAC even less likely during the primary.
Chris Kennedy, the son of Robert F. Kennedy, donated $50,000 and has since declared his own gubernatorial bid that will put him. And billionaire J.B. Pritzker, who is weighing an entry in the race, gave the PAC $350,000, on top of a $550,000 donation from Jabodon PT Company, a company linked to his family.
“Would anyone be able to say Biss is unclean because of his work on LIFT? I don't think that would work,” the Democrat said.
“The notion that he was involved in a group that was dumping on Trump and Rauner, that's going to play well in a Democratic primary,.”
The strategist noted that LIFT appeared to be a “classic case of no permanent friends, no permanent allies.” But he added that it's unlikely that Biss will receive the same significant monetary support in a crowded Democratic primary.
“I'll be very interested to compare how much LIFT was able to raised as opposed to how much money Biss will be able to raise,” the strategist said, noting the deep pockets of both Kennedy and Pritzker.
Biss admitted during his Monday announcement that he may not have the same resources as his rivals, but dug in on his populist pitch.
“I'm not the millionaire or billionaire in the race, but I think Illinois is facing a moment where what we need more than anything is a movement of people,” he said.
“I'm running for governor to be a part of that movement.”
MAKE NO MISTAKE, the world will be watching what Ireland does tomorrow.
As the first country in the world to decide on same-sex marriage by popular vote, Ireland will irrefutably show how the country feels about a social issue that is being debated the world over.
Sky News is one of many international outlets in Ireland right now. Source: Sky News
Ireland makes international headlines more frequently than other countries of our size. But when we do, it's usually because of two things.
One is Northern Ireland and The Troubles. Predictably, for example, the handshake between Gerry Adams and Prince Charles was covered beyond Ireland and the UK.
The other reason the world likes to pay attention to Ireland is often because of something that makes Ireland looks like a backward little nation.
The awful Tuam babies controversy was given prominence on news pages and websites worldwide. Ireland's history of bowing to Roman Catholic dogma was again being discussed far and wide.
That's another the reason people are interested in what Ireland has to say tomorrow. Or more precisely, that's why they're interested in who Irish people are now listening to.
If there's any doubt about that, a few minutes scrolling through the international coverage of the referendum will confirm it.
Take Time Magazine, who this morning published this article.
Source: Time Magazine
The short piece provides a Q&A to its international audience about what they should know about Ireland's vote.
Right near the top is the question that many reading it will probably be thinking.
Source: Time Magazine
They're not the only ones.
BBC Newsnight dedicated a segment of the show to Ireland's vote on last night's show. The piece also focused heavily on the declining influence of the Catholic Church and conducted a vox-pop of mass-goers.
Coming up on Newsnight: Ireland will vote on marriage equality on Friday. Will it be the first to pass same-sex marriage by popular vote? — BBC Newsnight (@BBCNewsnight) May 20, 2015 Source: BBC Newsnight /Twitter
John Waters spoke on the programme and even he criticised the narrow focus on religion, arguing that many objections to the referendum are constitutionally-based.
Newsnight reporter Katie Razzall instead spoke of a “new generation” of Irish people who “preach a message of tolerance”.
One of example of this, she said, was the “irreverent comedy duo the Rubberbandits”.
Blind Boy, complete with plastic bag, was interviewed about Irish views on homosexuality and marriage. He said that the vote is a watershed moment for the Catholic Church.
‘Horse Outside' even got an airing on the BBC before actress Simone Kirby advocated a Yes vote in-studio.
Presenter Evan Davis repeatedly expressed surprise at the speed at which marriage equality could be introduced in Ireland.
Given, he said, that homosexuality was decriminalised relatively recently and divorce more recently still.
Newsnight
Decriminalization in UK: 1967
Marriage equality: 2013
Decriminalization in Ireland: 1993
Potential equality: This week
WOW#MarRef — Love, Wolfie 🏳️‍🌈 (@Golden_Gaytime) May 20, 2015 Source: Wolfgang Schmitt /Twitter
Sky News has also been reporting from Dublin throughout today and have had live interviews with Yes campaigners Donal Óg Cusack and Colm O'Gorman.
Their Ireland correspondent also spoke to engaged couple Seamus Clancy and Lee Stinton. They told him that “the world's going to still keep turning” if the country votes Yes.
Source: Sky News
Channel 4 are getting in on the act with an interview with Irish author Colm Toibín.
Further afield, both Mashable and Vice have prominent articles about Ireland's decision.
Source: Mashable
Source: Vice
Fox News is even sending a reporter to Dublin to cover the result.
And just to hammer the message home that the world is watching, Google News is chock-full of international coverage.
Source: Google News
Linkedin Hans A. Petersen from his Linkedin profile. Hans A. Petersen from his Linkedin profile. (Linkedin)
UCSD Steve Dowdy (UCSD)
Facebook Ron Fletcher from his Facebook page Ron Fletcher from his Facebook page (Facebook)
A biotech executive who led several startup companies is accused of embarking on an early morning rampage through a La Jolla neighborhood Wednesday, shooting and wounding two men — a former business partner and an estranged brother-in-law — before being subdued by a blow to the head.
La Jolla Shooting with Debbi Baker La Jolla Shooting with Debbi Baker SEE MORE VIDEOS
The victims, prominent UC San Diego cancer biologist Steven Dowdy, 53, and real estate investor Ron Fletcher, 50, were hospitalized for gunshot wounds and are expected to survive.
The suspect, Hans A. Petersen, 49, who lives in University City, was treated for head injuries and arrested on suspicion of attempted homicide, shooting into an occupied building and burglary. He is being held without bail.
San Diego police Lt. Kevin Mayer said the investigation has revealed potential motives behind the attacks but said more details would be released Thursday. Police were working to obtain at least one search warrant Wednesday night.
The violence began about 3 a.m., when Dowdy was awakened at his home on Waverly Avenue near Bird Rock Avenue by the sound of gunfire, police said.
When he got up, a bullet pierced a French door window, striking him in the lower back. His sleeping wife was not injured.
The shooter was last seen running away through a back alley.
Public records show Petersen at one time lived in the one-story bungalow-style home next-door to Dowdy, and both were investors in a biopharmaceutical company that filed for bankruptcy last year.
Then at 6:40 a.m. on Cottontail Lane near La Jolla Mesa Drive, Petersen is accused of smashing out a window with a rock and breaking inside the home of Fletcher, the brother of Petersen's estranged wife.
Fletcher was shot in the abdomen, but he was able to subdue the gunman in a struggle. Fletcher got a hold of the .45-caliber weapon and clobbered his attacker in the head.
The victim's two daughters were also in the home, but they were not injured, police said. Petersen's estranged wife was not at the home.
Fletcher, a Mission Beach real estate agent who sells, owns and manages property around the county, was reportedly in stable condition. He is a fourth-generation real estate broker, descended from the Fletcher family who developed several communities throughout San Diego County.
Peggy Peattie A shooting occurred this morning in La Jolla on Cottontail Lane. A 43-year-old man was wounded in the torso and taken to the hospital with non life-threatening injuries. The shooting occurred just a mile from another shooting at approximately 3 a.m. A shooting occurred this morning in La Jolla on Cottontail Lane. A 43-year-old man was wounded in the torso and taken to the hospital with non life-threatening injuries. The shooting occurred just a mile from another shooting at approximately 3 a.m. (Peggy Peattie)
Linda McGowan, 70, who lives next door, said she heard three or four “pops” before 7 a.m. but thought the noises might be from construction projects in the area.
She didn't realize it was gunfire until police knocked on her door 30 minutes later.
Another neighbor, Kristen Pernicano, said she woke up around 3 or 4 a.m. when her motion sensor lights went on outside.
“I noticed a man pacing back and forth in the street. It looked like he was trying to make a decision,” Pernicano said. “There was something menacing about that. That's when I called the cops.”
She said he appeared to grab something from the car, then walk down the street.
She said another neighbor, an emergency room doctor, was coming home around that time when he was confronted by the gunman. Police didn't provide information about the reports or how officers followed up with the sightings.
Police impounded Petersen's car but did not say where it was found.
Public records detail Petersen's connections to both victims and suggest turmoil within both sets of relationships.
Court records show Fletcher's sister, Bonnie, filed for separation from Petersen in June 2012 after 12 years of marriage. At the same time, she requested a temporary restraining order in which she described drunken, angry and abusive behavior by her husband. In one incident, he hit her in the face while she was driving, according to the affidavit. Another time, he put her in a stranglehold in an Oregon hotel room, the records state.
She wrote that she was afraid of him and that his mixture of medications and alcohol made him act “erratically and violently.”
The restraining order expired in January.
The couple's apparent ongoing legal separation has been punctuated by battles over property they owned, including a home on Bainbridge Island, Wash., and at least two in La Jolla.
Bonnie Fletcher's divorce attorney, Lori Clark Viviano, said the divorce is not final, but the couple are separated.
On Wednesday a judge granted Bonnie and her family a restraining order against Petersen, “given that he went to her brother's home, probably with the intent to kill her,” Viviano said.
Petersen has also had a long relationship with Dowdy, a highly regarded cancer biologist who is known for finding easier ways of turning adult skin cells into a more basic type of cell, which can then be used in attempts to treat everything from Alzheimer's disease to spinal cord injuries to cancer.
Petersen went on to cofound Traversa Therapeutics, a La Jolla biotechnology company that tried to advance technology that Dowdy developed at UC San Diego and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Traversa's work was primarily aimed at people suffering from ovarian cancer, leukemia and glioblastoma, a type of tumor that can form in the brain and spinal cord.
Traversa filed for bankruptcy last year, federal court records show. After the company folded, some of the intellectual property survived in licenses through Dowdy's company, Solstice Biologics.
The current nature of their business relationship was not immediately clear.
Petersen's LinkedIn page shows he has since tried to move onto other business ventures, including forming Bays Four Corp., a bio-repository database that would predict human characteristics through whole genome data.
Dan Walshaw, who lives across the street from Dowdy, described his neighbor as a well-liked family man who surfs and who loves his profession. “I hope Steve's OK. He's a great guy,” Walshaw said.
Seattle police continue to investigate reports of gunfire and a disturbance that preceded a police pursuit and fatal crash early Thursday on Lake City Way.
Shortly after 3:45 AM, police received a 911 call near 130th and 32nd Avenue Northeast. 911 operators could hear an argument involving at least one man and a woman in the background of the call and dispatched officers to the scene.
A few minutes later, police received another 911 call from two residents in the same area of Lake City, who reported hearing two men screaming and arguing, followed by a gunshot.
The first patrol officer to arrive at the scene spotted a silver Honda speeding away. The officer turned around and followed the Honda, which sped through stop lights and signs in the neighborhood. The driver of the Honda then pulled onto Lake City Way and drove southbound at high speed. Officers followed the Honda for about three minutes, until the driver crashed into two parked vehicles in the 7800 block of Lake City Way.
The collision happened out of view of officer's in-car video cameras. Police arrived at the scene of the crash to find one deceased man–currently believed to be the Honda's driver–on the roadway and another injured man in the rear of the vehicle.
Detectives continue to investigate the case and are asking anyone with information about the incident to call the Traffic Collision Investigation Squad at (206) 684-8923
Microsoft this week decided to turn off its Windows Live Messenger service for five countries: Cuba, Syria, Iran, Sudan, and North Korea. All five of these countries have a few things in common, but the one that apparently concerns Microsoft is that the US has put embargoes on each of them. Users in these countries get the following error: "810003c1: We were unable to sign you in to the .NET Messenger Service." The user is not informed as to the actual reason for the block. Currently, it's not clear how broad the block is or how long it will last.
A possible workaround for this issue is actually quite simple (though I have heard it hasn't worked for everyone). Using the same credentials you use for Windows Live Messenger, login to account.live.com, click on Registered information, and under Home location change your "Country/region" to anything that isn't one of the five countries listed above (and preferably that speaks a language you understand). I believe that Messenger first looks at your account information (as opposed to using your IP address) because this lets Microsoft make decisions like this one at the account level as opposed to the application level. Restart Messenger and the problem should be fixed. If you are experiencing this problem, let us know in the comments if this worked, or if you have discovered something else that does.
This issue is a very odd one: it's not clear that Microsoft was ordered to make this change, so what made the company decide that US-embargoed countries aren't worthy of Messenger? Why now? To my knowledge, other Microsoft applications and websites still work (and if they don't, it likely isn't Microsoft doing the blocking), so what makes Messenger special? It's actually quite disappointing that a large company as influential as Microsoft would make such a controversial move: Messenger is a medium for communication, and the citizens of these countries should not be punished from such a basic tool because the US has problems with their governments' policies.
I was hoping to get more insight from Microsoft, but unfortunately, "due to US economic sanctions," all a Microsoft spokesperson could send over to Ars was the following statement: "Microsoft has discontinued providing Instant Messenger services in certain countries subject to United States sanctions. Details of these sanctions are available from the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control."
Earth Bones Climbing pads are premium-quality bouldering crashpads individually handcrafted in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Our pads are built for toughness. Each taco-style pad features a lower surface constructed from 1050-Denier Cordura ballistics nylon, and a 1000-Denier Cordura nylon landing surface. Inside, you'll find a robust core of cross-link polyethylene closed-cell foam, sandwiched between three layers of 105-pound compression open-cell foam.
All of our products feature military-grade hardware and heat-sealed inner seams for maximum durability. Our pads feature a wrap-around flap of tough, high-contrast 1000D Cordura nylon. When you carry your pad, this flap helps to keep your gear securely inside, and increases your visibility. When the pad is in use, the flap provides a clean, dry place to spot, and to clean debris from your shoes (we've included a removable patch for this purpose). Folded underneath, the flap protects your shoulder straps and waist belt from dirt and abrasion.
Our pad's carrying system features four points of adjustability. Whatever your height, you'll be able to adjust your pad for comfortable carrying in a matter of minutes.
Earth Bones Climbing pads were designed and developed by an experienced industrial textile designer, and are individually hand cut and sewn in Nova Scotia, Canada.
At Earth Bones Climbing, our mission is to provide Canadian-made premium-grade bouldering pads at competitive prices. Through our Kickstarter project, we hope to raise enough money to build the material inventory we need to continue building top quality bouldering pads and accessories.
Please share, and thank you for supporting Earth Bones Climbing!
In this June 26, 2014 photo, a man being booked into the Cook County Jail grabs the fence of a holding pen after he was arrested the night before in Chicago. (Photo11: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP)
CHICAGO — A federal judge has ordered that detainees with a history of exposing themselves and masturbating in front of courthouse personnel must be handcuffed and wear special jumpsuits during appearances at Chicago-area courthouses.
The preliminary injunction issued by U.S. District Judge Matthew Kennelly on Tuesday comes weeks after female public defenders and Cook County Sheriff's deputies filed three separate federal lawsuits alleging that authorities have not done enough to stop male detainees from exposing themselves and masturbating at courtroom lockups and the Cook County jail.
The sexual misconduct by some detainees, which Sheriff Tom Dart and the head of the Cook County public defenders office, Amy Campanelli, acknowledge has become a frequent problem over the last two years, often occurs as the assistant public defenders and legal aides confer with their indigent clients at the city's Leighton Criminal Court Building and other suburban courthouses.
As the lawyers try to talk to their clients ahead of court hearings in lockups, other detainees — who have direct view of the public defenders — routinely expose themselves or masturbate, according to a lawsuit filed by six public defenders earlier this month. A group of detainees calling themselves “Savage Life” is behind directing these sexual assaults, according to the lawsuit.
More: Masturbating detainees menace attorneys at Chicago lockups, lawsuit alleges
Kennelly's injunction orders that starting Wednesday “all detainees with a reported incident of indecent exposure, or masturbation, or sexual misconduct will be handcuffed at all times during transport from the jail to the court.” In addition, the judge ordered the sheriff's department to outfit detainees with a reported incident with a special jumpsuit that is designed to “thwart indecent exposure and masturbation.”
Dart agreed to the preliminary injunction. The order will be in effect until at least early January, when attorneys are scheduled to be in court for a hearing on the matter.
Campanelli's aides have pointed blame at the sheriff's office for the disturbing behavior by some inmates persisting. Dart added deputies to the lockup areas in May to help thwart the problem but eventually wound down the extra presence.
Cara Smith, chief policy adviser to the sheriff, said earlier this month that the public defenders office has rejected other potential efforts to try to deter the assaults — including bolstering punishment for repeat offenders who expose themselves and having detainees make court appearances for some hearings through video conference. The perpetrators of the misconduct are often men who are awaiting trial on serious charges such as murder and aggravated robbery.
Sheriff's department officials have attempted to use the specially designed jumpsuits in the past, but some problem inmates have attempted to set the uniforms on fire.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2zAzUdH
A Norwegian naval base in the Arctic converted into Russian-leased facility
At a cost of 40 billion Kroner in Norwegian and NATO funds ($6.67 billion), Olavsvern Naval Base was built on the Ramfjorden in northern Norway near Tromsø. From 1967 until 2002, it operated as a high security, nuclear attack resistant submarine base for the Royal Norwegian Navy. Not your usual naval base, it was literally carved out to the mountain, with underground submarine pens, barracks, and industrial facilities. Independent systems for power, water, and waste disposal were included. The base provided Norwegian and allied submarines with ready access to the Barents Sea and other Arctic waters, which was considered vital during the Cold War. Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the perceived value of this unique and expensive asset was considerably lessened. With NATO approval, the Olavsvern Naval Base was deactivated in 2002 and officially closed in 2009. The Norwegian Government sought to dispose of its unwanted facility. It was offered for sale in the Norwegian version of eBay for an asking price of 105 million Kroner. The Government eventually accepted a bid from a group headed by the Norwegian businessman Gunnar Wilhelmsen at the knockdown price of 38 million Kroner. His firm announced plans to market the facility as a maintenance base for offshore oil and gas rigs and their associated equipment. The firm, Olavsvern Group AS, advertises that this site offers 25,000 square meters of caverns; 13,000 square meters of buildings (offices, storage halls, workshops, canteens, and a commuter hotel [barracks]); 3,000 square meters of ISPS-approved deepwater quay; and 106,000 square meters of rear areas. The facility is currently under lease to Russian companies linked to Gazprom, the Russian oil and gas conglomerate, and has lately been servicing Russian seismic survey vessels. The Norwegian defense lobby is alarmed at these developments, citing increased maritime operations in Arctic waters and heightened tensions with the Russian Federation.
The Senate Republicans' health-care plan, like the House Republicans' health-care plan, is objectively terrible.
It would result in 22 million Americans losing insurance. It would dramatically raise premiums for the poor and old. Its Medicaid cuts would harm people with disabilities, nursing home residents and even babies.
But we knew all that was coming.
The surprising thing about this bill is not that it forsakes the indigent, elderly and vulnerable. It's that it forsakes so many of the Republicans' own vaunted values.
As cases in point, here are three Republican health-care principles violated by the Republicans' own health-care plan.
Principle No. 1: Return power to the states.
For years Republicans complained that Obamacare crimps states' style. Federalism must reign supreme, they argued, and so they promised to enhance state sovereignty.
And it's true that the Senate bill makes it easier for states to opt out of some Obamacare rules designed to protect consumers (e.g., capping out-of-pocket spending).
But in some critical ways, it also severely undermines state sovereignty.
The most important of these has to do with insurance plans that can be purchased by small businesses. Under current law, an association of small businesses (e.g., a bunch of dental practices) can market insurance to its members. The coverage must be regulated by the state insurance department under the rules of the state in which it's sold.
Not so under the Senate bill, which allows this same association to choose any state it wishes to be its insurance regulator. It can choose, for example, to be regulated by states that no longer require coverage of prescription drugs.
This would create a race to the bottom. It would also mean states would no longer have a say over what plans were sold within their borders. State officials might not even be able to block the sale of an insurance plan in their state if the insurer were insolvent, explains Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington and Lee University School of Law.
This is hardly the only way in which the Senate bill would take power away from states. For instance, it would also place new restrictions on how states can finance their own Medicaid programs.
Principle No. 2: Emphasize access to health care, not health insurance coverage.
Republicans have long bellyached that rising insured rates are misleading. Their argument: Having insurance coverage is meaningless if your deductible is so enormous that you can't afford to see the doctor!
It's a fair point. But the Senate bill does nothing to improve access to care. In fact, it places care further out of reach.
It does this not only by causing people to lose insurance coverage and raising after-tax premium prices, but also by making “insurance coverage” an even less useful gauge of whether a person can afford to see a doctor.
That's because the bill pegs subsidies available on the individual market to plans that cover a much smaller fraction of expected health costs (58 percent, rather than 70 percent under Obamacare). In more practical terms: Out-of-pocket costs for people with insurance are going to go way, way up.
For example, for those near the poverty line buying plans on the individual exchanges, deductibles would rise more than 2,000 percent, from $255 to over $6,000, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation analysis.
Some health experts have wondered aloud whether this means doctors, fearing bad debt from people in these ultra-high-deductible plans, would refuse to even see such patients. Such a problem would be made worse by the fact that Republicans plan to blacklist the country's largest provider of reproductive health services.
Which brings me to the last major principle they've violated . . .
Principle No. 3: Give consumers more choices.
Forget making sure plans offer an adequate number of “choices” of doctors. This bill would lock millions of people out of the “choice” of Medicaid.
It would make individual market premiums, even after including subsidies, prohibitively expensive, effectively locking millions out of the “choice” of individual insurance, too.
In fact, for some unlucky people, subsidized individual plans would disappear entirely. That's because the Senate bill says that people offered any employer coverage would become ineligible for subsidized insurance on the exchanges — even if they can't actually afford the plan their employer offers.
I suppose lots of sick people will newly have the “choice” of buying an expensive plan that covers none of the services they need. So there's that.
When all's said and done, there's just one major Republican health-care principle this bill remains loyal to: tax cuts for the rich.
That's not actually a health-care principle, you say? Could have fooled me.
Hello! Brandon here, reporting the results from the first survey in the new Feedback Program. If you didn't get a chance to participate, let me fill you in. We've started a new program to get direct player feedback every month on a variety of topics. Once we collect that information, I'll share the results and what those results mean going forward. For this first survey, we asked a series of questions about Battle for Zendikar online Prerelease events. Thank you to everyone who took the survey—your feedback is greatly appreciated! Without further ado, let's jump into your answers.
Battle for Zendikar Prerelease Events
The first question asked players to rate how the Battle for Zendikar Prerelease went for them. This is an important baseline question; before we start considering changes, we want to know how players feel about the current state of affairs.
While I want those orange and pink sections to be even larger, it's very useful to know that almost 60% of you are happy with Prerelease events. Now we can dig into the nitty-gritty of Prerelease events to investigate where we can make more specific changes.
The Battle for Zendikar Prerelease was different from those of the last several years, in that players were not required to purchase a special Prerelease item. Instead, players could directly enter into events with either tickets or Play Points. Though this was done to mirror paper Prerelease events, we definitely wanted to know if this change was a positive one for players.
Awesome! Glad to know that for almost 80% of you, this change made Prereleases better. Let's move on to the next two questions, which asked about preferred deck building times for Prerelease events.
No strong consensus on these questions, but your answers give us some areas to explore further. Prior to this survey, I suspected that more experienced players would prefer shorter build times and newer players would prefer longer build times. However, this theory was proved to be wrong! We saw no correlation between these answers and how long players said they had been playing Magic Online. More investigation is needed on our end. In a similar vein, the next question asked for preferred round lengths for Prerelease events.
Here we have a clearer winner in what players prefer. Before the survey, this was a change we suspected we would not make, but we wanted to be able to let players weigh in. We'll keep this option in mind, but we're glad to see that the majority of players prefer the way events are currently set up.
The last two questions looked more in depth at different aspects of Prerelease events. These are critical questions that let us judge how to set up events based on what players most enjoy about Prerelease events.
The first thing that strikes me here is the feedback on avatars—it's clear these are missing the mark for many of you. I see a real opportunity to find alternative incentives for participation in Prerelease events that more players would find rewarding.
The other big takeaway here combines the data from the above charts with free-response comments that players wrote in at the end of the survey. A lot of players feel that the prize and entry structures of Prerelease events could be improved, and especially feel this structure is unfair when compared to release events.
What's Next?
To be fully upfront, I can't share exact details, nor can I promise that we will in fact change anything.
However, I can tell you that all options are on the table—we are looking at entry options, prize structures, participation prizes, event structure, promotional aspects, and everything else under the sun to try to make Prerelease events as awesome as possible. If the question is "Have you thought about doing it this way," the answer is almost assuredly yes.
There are two big-picture takeaways that I can share from our discussions so far that illustrate our thought process as we examine your feedback.
We want Magic Online Prerelease events to feel special.
For some players, Magic Online Prerelease Events are the first chance they have to play with the cards from a new set. For others, it's just the first time they'll play with the new set online. Either way, we want the overall experience to be unique. Our goal is that the Prerelease is an exciting time for players of all experience levels and something that players actively look forward to participating in. So while there are still those who don't feel that way, we will continue to look for ways to achieve this goal.
There's no question that there's something unique about the experience of going to your local game store to participate in a Prerelease. Prereleases mark one of the few times all year for some players that they will even attend an event, and there is a social element to paper Prereleases that is difficult to replicate online. This is an area we need to continue to innovate on to try to achieve that special feeling for Magic Online.
We want Magic Online Prerelease events to feel special for you.
When we consider different event offerings, we look at lots of data and use it to inform how we expect players will behave with the proposed offerings. We have to have enough options to satisfy our wide player base—ranging from brand-new players who just want to try out Magic to professional players preparing for the Pro Tour. We try to find the right balance to appeal to this player base without splintering each event offering too much. And when it becomes clear that we aren't achieving these goals, we look for ways to make changes. Whoever you are, however you play, we want you to be excited for Magic Online Prereleases.
Wrapping Up
Thank you again to everyone who participated in this survey. Your feedback truly does help us make Magic Online the best it can be. As we continue this conversation, please keep us informed on your thoughts. If you have any feedback about this survey program or Magic Online in general, please shoot us an email at magiconlinefeedback@wizards.com.
Our next survey is scheduled to come out in early December and will be all about Play Points and Leagues. See you then!
Brandon Kreines
Assistant Digital Product Manager—Magic Online
Artwork in solidarity with Standing Rock and the water protectors. (Leila Abdelrazaq)
Palestinians are expressing support for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their months-long resistance to the US government's plan to install an oil pipeline on their land.
“The people of Palestine support you and all those standing with you right now in North Dakota to protect your tribal lands and resist the desecration and destruction of your sacred burial sites at the hands of the Energy Transfer Partners corporation and the Dakota Access Pipeline they are building,” the Palestinian BDS National Committee said on Friday.
In another statement issued on Friday, individual Palestinians around the world say they “recognize the multitude of ways that Native American and First Nation struggles to protect indigenous territories have ultimately been struggles on behalf of all of humanity.”
Their full statement is below.
The Dakota Access Pipeline, which was approved by the US Army Corps of Engineers, is planned to run under the Missouri River, a natural water supply for the tribe.
The pipeline would also run through sacred areas of Sioux land not recognized by the US government as part of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.
“When we look at Standing Rock, we also see the attempts of authorities with a still-prevalent colonial mentality to vilify, criminalize and ultimately disappear indigenous people on their own land,” the BNC said. “The Palestinian people have firsthand experience with a colonial power desecrating our burial sites, destroying our indigenous communities, appropriating our culture and otherwise gradually erasing our centuries-old heritage.”
The BNC, the largest Palestinian civil society coalition that leads the global boycott, divestment and sanctions movement, referred in particular to Israel allowing the US-based Simon Wiesenthal Center to build a so-called “Museum of Tolerance” on top of Mamilla Cemetery, destroying a Muslim burial ground and holy site in Jerusalem that historians date to the seventh century.
On Friday, a US federal court ruled against a request filed by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe to stop construction of the pipeline.
However, in what the Sioux call “a stunning move,” three federal agencies say the Army will “not authorize” construction of the pipeline in one area until the government “can determine whether it will need to reconsider any of its previous decisions” regarding construction on tribal land.
“This federal statement is a game changer for the tribe and we are acting immediately on our legal options, including filing an appeal and a temporary injunction to force [the Dakota Access Pipeline] to stop construction,” the Standing Rock Sioux said.
The tribe was never consulted about the matter before the plan was approved by the Army Corps of Engineers, which the tribe says violates US law.
G4S, which contracts with Israel to incarcerate Palestinians, admits it is one of several private security companies working to guard the pipeline.
Activists at Sacred Stone Camp, a flashpoint of protests, say that resistance is growing.
Security firms protecting the pipeline have used dogs and pepper spray to attack protesters.
Palestinians around the world have signed this statement of solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe.
Statement of solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe
We the undersigned Palestinians – artists, academics, activists, elders, laborers, musicians, authors, businesspersons, attorneys, students – hereby declare our unqualified and heartfelt solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their epic struggle to protect what remains of their ancestral lands, waters and sacred sites. As an indigenous people whose lands have been robbed and pillaged, and who face existential settler-colonial expansion in Palestine, we recognize that Native American and First Nation peoples have endured centuries of violent settler colonialism that has dismantled and robbed them of home, heritage, dignity, security, narrative, land, language, identity, family, trees, cemeteries, animals, livelihoods and life. We recognize the multitude of ways that Native American and First Nation struggles to protect indigenous territories have ultimately been struggles on behalf of all of humanity to save the Earth we share from toxic globalization of neoliberal and capitalist ethos that threaten our collective survival. We also heed the wise leadership of a people who first conceived of mountains and rivers as sacred, who look upon a prairie with reverence, who consider trees as family and who risk their lives to protect the water and the integrity of their ancestral lands. With respect, love, solidarity and hope, Leila Abdelrazaq, author and artist Rabab Ibrahim Abdulhadi, senior scholar, Arab and Muslim Ethnicities and Diasporas Studies, SFSU Rinad Abdullah, human rights and international law attorney Tarek Abuata, executive director, Friends of Sabeel North America Susan Abulhawa, writer Ahmad Abuznaid, human rights attorney and organizer Iyad Afalqa, Vice-chair of Arab American Caucus of CA Democratic Party Ghada Ageel, University of Alberta, Canada Lena Alhusseini, executive director of the Arab American Family Support Center Enas I. aL-Muthaffar, film director and producer Dina Alzeer, journalist Issa Amro, human rights activist, Youth Against Settlements in Hebron Lamis Andoni, journalist Iman Annab Huwaida Arraf, civil/human rights attorney and activist Mariam Arraf, Detroiter Hanan Ashrawi, PLO Executive Committee Sa'ed Atshan, academic George Awwad, human rights activist Hana Awwad Zeina Azzam, writer and educator Sam Bahour, Palestinian-American writer, businessperson and activist Rana Baker, student and journalist Mariam Barghouti, activist and writer Ramzy Baroud, journalist and author Iyad Burnat, Bil'in Popular Committee Diana Buttu, human rights attorney Shirien D. Wafai Dias Lamis Deek, human rights attorney Azzam Elder, attorney Nazmi Elder Shareen Elder Joeseph Elder Jasmine Elder Laila Elhaddad, author, activist and journalist Reem El-Khatib, humanitarian Ismail El Zabri Philip Farah, co-chairman, Washington Interfaith Alliance for Middle East Peace Reem Farah, CCD Hala Gabriel, filmmaker and activist Tamar Ghabin Budour Hassan, writer Zaha Hassan, human rights lawyer and writer Thayer Hastings Taher Herzallah Saleh Hijazi, human rights activist Gus Hussein Ramzi Jaber Nour Joudah Alaa Juma Andrew Kadi, steering committee of US Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation Remi Kanazi, poet and organizer Hanna Kawas, journalist and activist Tanya Keilani Suhad Khatib, artist and community organizer Noura Khouri, writer and activist George Khoury, Nakba survivor Samia Khoury, Palestinian elder, author, and university trustee Nerdeen Kiswani, NYC Students for Justice in Palestine Amr Madkour Dalell D. Mohmed Yousef Munayyer, executive director of US Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation Jumana Musa, human rights attorney Izzaddine Mustafa Khalil Nakhleh, PhD, Palestinian anthropologist, researcher and author Lois Nakhleh, botanical artist Tania Tamari Nasir, singer/writer Amira Nassim, student Mary Nazzal-Batayneh, barrister and activist Ali Omar, activist and academic Mazin Qumsiyeh, professor and director, Palestine Museum of Natural History Fadi Quran Tareq Radi, artist and student Beesan Ramadan Tamara Reem, human rights attorney Nadia Saah Samah Sabawi, poet and activist Mahdi Sabbagh, architect and urbanist Steven Salaita, scholar and writer May Seikaly S.R. Shafie RPh. Dina Shana'a, US Palestinian Community Network Halla Shoaibi, assistant professor of law, Birzeit University Samee Sulaiman, PhD student Sandra Tamari, St Louis Palestine Solidarity Committee Steve Tamari, educator Karimah Tarazi, RN BS MFA Randa Wahbe Maysoon Zayid, comedian and disability advocate Hurriyah Ziada Raya Ziada
Editor's note: This list has was updated on 14 September.
CLOSE Since January journalists David Plazas and George Walker IV have examined how pro-growth policies have prepared Nashville for prosperity, but it has been paired with growing inequality in their "Costs of Growth and Change in Nashville" series. Wochit
Buy Photo The Airways Motel on Lebanon Pike advertised three-hour rates. (Photo: Joey Garrison / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
Hotels and motels in Nashville that let customers pay for rooms by the hour might soon be forced to halt their hourly rates.
The Metro Council is considering legislation that would prohibit rentals at hotels on an hourly basis, a push the bill sponsor says is meant to crack down on a form of temporary lodging that he says enables prostitution and drug use.
The ordinance would prevent any hotel, motel, or other similar establishment from offering any discount or rebate for early checkout of a room for a period of less than 10 hours.
"Their business model is such that it encourages prostitution, illicit drug use, and no good economic development happens around them," said Donelson-area Councilman Jeff Syracuse, who has introduced the bill.
"A perfect example is the one that I drive by everyday called the Airways Motel, that was actually a pretty swanky place in the 1950s, when it first opened up. It is now some place that you want to shield your eyes when you drive by."
The ordinance cleared a procedural first of three votes last week and will be considered on a key second reading on June 20.
Syracuse said he's counted 17 hotels and motels in Davidson County that offer hourly rates for less than 10 hours a day.
The Tennessean was unable to retrieve a comment from Airways Motel — the hotel on Lebanon Pike that Syracuse cited by name — despite multiple phone calls and a reporter's visit to the motel in an attempt to talk to a manager.
A sign outside the Airways Motel advertises three-hour stays for "$28.00 and up" and free adult movies.
Read related stories:
More: Nashville's long-dormant Dickerson Pike on cusp of growth
More: Nashville police raid The Thrifty Inn after hundreds of service calls
Council attorney Mike Jameson said multiple cities have prohibited hotel rentals on an hourly basis, with a pending ordinance in Jefferson Parrish, Louisiana being the most similar to Nashville's proposal.
Other cities, including Memphis, limit hotel stays at no less than 10 hours.
In addition, Memphis and other cities such as Cincinnati have separate regulations for "adult motels" — a special classification that is not under consideration with Nashville's proposal.
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld that a 10-hour minimum for hotel stays is constitutional, according to Jameson, if the city has identified a reasonable basis that hourly rates at hotels lead to an increase in crime and other unwanted "secondary effects."
Nashville allows short-term renting via Airbnb and other online hospitality companies, but stays must be at least 24 hours and no less than 30 days.
The homeless in Nashville often use cheap hotels and motels for short-term lodging.
Rachel Hester, executive director of Room In The Inn, a nonprofit that serves the homeless, said she had not reviewed the ordinance but said any measure that could reduce potential illegal activity at such hotels and motels would be a positive.
"Typically, the people I serve aren't looking for one hour of sleep here and there," she said. "They're looking for a good 10 to 12 hours. So, I would think it would make it better for them because maybe it would open up some of those rooms.
"It would also change some stereotypes. If I'm really trying to have a good night sleep, and the room next to me is every hour on the hour running a business, that just plays into that."
Syracuse likened his ordinance to legislation he successfully pushed through the council last year that prohibited so-called "flex loans" from payday lenders in Nashville. The payday industry had used the terminology to get around new Metro rules that restricted where new cash advance and payday loan stores can open.
With his latest bill, Syracuse said his hope isn't to shut down motels but to "clean them up."
He said ideally they can fill a niche in Nashville for affordable lodging, but in a way that doesn't encourage illegal activity.
"Hopefully, it will give these hotel owners an opportunity to rebrand a little bit and perhaps offer a lower cost option for those visiting Nashville that are finding a hard time finding a place that is not so expensive," Syracuse said.
Reach Joey Garrison at jgarrison@tennessean.com, 615-259-8236 and on Twitter @joeygarrison.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2017/06/12/nashville-consider-banning-hourly-room-rentals-hotels/382192001/
Oakland Local: From prison to Phi Theta Kappa: How one Oakland youth is helping change the juvenile justice system
June 6, 2013
By Jon Leckie
When Jonathan Roach graduated from high school, he was thirsty for higher education, but as an inmate in Alameda County's Juvenile Hall, the opportunity didn't exist. Yet despite his lack of resources, Roach became the first person in Alameda County to begin his college career while still a prisoner of the juvenile justice system.
In 2010, Roach was arrested and charged with armed robbery. He was only 15, living life in poverty with his single mother and five other siblings.
“I made a mistake,” he admits. “I was on the wrong path, wasn't going to school and ended up making a big mistake and going to prison.”
During the two years Roach spent in juvenile hall, he got back in school, attending daily classes and taking on independent study before accumulating enough credits to earn his high school diploma. But as Roach reached this major milestone in his life there were no caps, no gowns and he had little to look forward to except extended hours in his jail cell.
“After you graduate you're just in your room because you don't have to go to school,” he said, “and what you have is a lot of violent young men without anything to do.”
Roach, however, was not about to sit around letting time pass him by. Eager to continue his education, he sought out avenues that could lead him from his cell to college commencement.
On his search, he would eventually meet Dr. Siri Brown, chair of Merritt College's African-American studies department.
“The Department of African-American Studies at Merritt College has a long history of understanding the connection between academics and community organizing,” Brown said. “Two years ago we started offering college courses in juvenile hall. Students take correspondence or online courses, we use volunteer student tutors and try to create an environment where there is an intellectual exchange.”
Brown learned about Roach from Amy Cheney, the head librarian inside juvenile hall. After attending an event put on by Merritt's African-American Studies Department on issues related to prison and death row, Cheney reached out to Brown about an inmate who wanted to go to college.
“I was looking for great speakers to talk with our youth. I had met Dr. Brown years ago and we had talked about her coming up and doing presentations,” Cheney said. “The situation taking place with realignment and the California Youth Authority shutting down created a situation in which there are kids here for a longer period of time.”
With the help of David Muhammad, Oakland's former chief probation officer, Brown and Cheney developed a program to bring higher education to youth incarcerated in the juvenile justice system, and, in May 2011, Roach became the first inmate in Alameda County to earn college credit while inside juvenile hall.
To read more.
In an attempt to break a stalemate in a war that has passed to a third president, the move will be the largest deployment of US manpower under Trump
The Pentagon will send almost 4,000 additional American forces to Afghanistan, according to a Trump administration official, an attempt to break a stalemate in a war that has now passed to a third US commander-in-chief.
The decision by defense secretary Jim Mattis could be announced as early as next week, the official said, and will be the largest deployment of American manpower under Donald Trump's young presidency.
Trump's defense chief admits struggle in Afghanistan: 'We are not winning' Read more
It follows Trump's move to give Mattis the authority to set troop levels and seeks to address assertions by the top US commander in Afghanistan that he does not have enough forces to help Afghanistan's army against a resurgent Taliban insurgency. The rising threat posed by Islamic State extremists, evidenced in a rash of deadly attacks in the capital city of Kabul, has only fueled calls for a stronger US presence, as have several recent American combat deaths.
The bulk of the additional troops will train and advise Afghan forces, according to the administration official, who was not authorized to discuss details of the decision publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity. A smaller number would be assigned to counterterror operations against the Taliban and Isis, the official said.
Although Trump has delegated authority for US troop numbers in Afghanistan, the responsibility for America's wars and the men and women who fight in them rests on his shoulders. Trump has inherited America's longest conflict with no clear endpoint or a defined strategy for American success, though US troop levels are far lower than they were under presidents Barack Obama and George W Bush. In 2009, Obama authorized a surge of 30,000 troops into Afghanistan, bringing the total there to more than 100,000, before drawing down over the rest of his presidency.
Trump has barely spoken about Afghanistan as a candidate or president, concentrating instead on crushing Isis in Syria and Iraq. His predecessors both had hoped to win the war. Bush scored a quick success, helping allied militant groups oust the Taliban shortly after the 9/11 attacks, before seeing the gains slip away as American focus shifted to the Iraq war. In refocusing attention on Afghanistan, Obama eliminated much of the country's al-Qaida network and authorized the mission that killed Osama bin Laden but failed to snuff out the Taliban's rebellion.
Mattis' deployment of more troops will be far smaller than Obama's.
While military leaders have consistently said more forces are needed, a decision had been tied up in a lengthy, wider debate about America's long-term military, diplomatic and economic strategy for ending the war. Gen John Nicholson, the top US commander there, has said the troops are necessary to properly train and advise the Afghan military and perform work handled at greater cost by contractors. Afghan leaders endorse the idea of more US troops, having lost significant ground to the Taliban in recent months.
Obama set a cap a year ago of 8,400 troops in Afghanistan after slowing the pace of what he hoped would be a US withdrawal.
Nevertheless, there are at least another 2,000 US troops in Afghanistan not included in the official count. These include forces that are technically considered temporary even if they have been in the war zone for months.
Trump's decision on Tuesday to give Mattis authority to set force levels in Afghanistan mirrored similar powers he handed over earlier this year for US fights in Iraq and Syria. The change was made public hours after Senator John McCain, the Senate armed services committee's Republican chairman, blasted Mattis for the administration's failure to present an overarching strategy for Afghanistan. McCain, speaking during the defense secretary's testimony before an armed services committee hearing, said the US was “not winning” in Afghanistan, and Mattis agreed.
The finality of the decision isn't entirely clear. While Trump has handed over the troop level decision-making, there is nothing preventing him from taking it back.
Mattis has repeatedly stressed that increasing the number of US troops in Afghanistan would take place within a broader, long-term strategy for stabilizing Afghanistan.
While the new troops could raise fears of mission creep, Mattis told lawmakers this week that he did not envision returning to the force levels of 2010 to 2011, when Obama thought he could pressure the Taliban into peace talks.
“Reconciliation” remains the goal, Mattis told a House appropriations panel on Thursday, along with reducing Afghan government corruption.
“We're not looking at a purely military strategy,” he said. “All wars come to an end. Our job is to end it as quickly as possible without losing the very mission that we've recognized, through several administrations, that was worth putting those young Americans on the line for.”
There have been almost 2,400 US military deaths in Afghanistan since 2001. Three US soldiers were killed and another was wounded in eastern Afghanistan this weekend in an attack claimed by the Taliban.
It's not the Olympics, but Canada's medal-less showing at the IIHF World Championships should be an eye opener for Steve Yzerman and the selection committee as well as Canadian hockey fans with the 2014 Sochi Games less than nine months away.
Sure, Canada was missing key pieces to their roster with the likes of Sidney Crosby, Jonathan Toews, Drew Doughty, Duncan Keith, Brent Seabrook and others still competing in the Stanley Cup playoffs, but so was every other country including Sweden, who won gold without Henrik Lundqvist and Henrik Zetterberg, two players who will likely play major roles in Sochi.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Canada's Olympic roster (of course if the NHL goes to Sochi) will undoubtedly be more powerful than the one that took the ice at the World's, but they may actually be somewhat of an underdog heading into Russia as the other four international hockey powerhouses are stronger between the pipes.
Sweden, Finland, Russia and the United States (sorry, Switzerland, whose silver-medal effort at this year's world was of the shocking type) all have at least one goaltender that was considered to be one the top five in the NHL in 2013. It would be tough to argue the same for Canada.
Heading into the shortened 2013 NHL season Carey Price was seen as the favourite to lead the Canadians in goal and though he was strong in the first half of the season, he put up a 2.86 goals against average and an .891 save percentage in the latter half of 2013. Those numbers aren't exactly Olympic worthy.
Cam Ward is another name that's been thrown out as as a potential starter for Canada, but he only played 17 games this season due to a knee injury and his career statistics – a 2.74 GAA and .910 Sv% – aren't necessarily what you'd want to put the country's gold medal hopes behind.
Story continues
And then there's Roberto Luongo, the goaltender who helped Canada to gold in 2010 (and it's important to use helped and not led, as many would argue that Canada won in Vancouver in spite of their goaltending. Cue up the sequence that led to the Americans tying goal late in the third period of the goal medal game in 2010 for more on that point) and the one who's likely the favourite to win the job for Sochi. Much of that decision will be based upon how well he plays with what will likely be a new team to begin the 2013-2014 NHL regular season.
Outside of the three aforementioned names there are a handful of goalies, ranging from veterans like Martin Brodeur, Mike Smith and Marc-Andre Fleury to younger names like James Reimer and Corey Crawford, who could make a push for one of the goaltending roster spots depending on, like Luongo, how they play in the early stages of next season. In Crawford's case, should he lead the Chicago Blackhawks to a Stanley Cup this season you'd have to think he'd suddenly be a much more attractive candidate for Yzerman and Co.
There was a time when Canada's goaltending would have been considered the strongest in the world, but as Steve Simmons pointed out in a column for the Toronto Sun in January of 2012, that time has come and gone. Of the last 18 Vezina Trophy winners only seven have been Canadian, and Brodeur had four of those.
Other than Price and Fleury, there are no star-calibre Canadian goaltenders in the NHL right now and that's if you even consider Fleury, who isn't currently starting for the Pittsburgh Penguins in the playoffs, a star anymore.
There doesn't appear to be any up-and-coming Canadian goaltenders who can take the torch from the likes of a great like Brodeur and carry Canada through the next decade of international competition either.
Malcolm Subban and Matt Hackett are perhaps quality prospects, but neither have proven anything at the professional level yet and it may be years before they do so.
It won't be an easy decision for the selection committee to make and the first few months of the 2013-2014 season will likely only make that decision more complicated, but the goalie who Canada goes with in Sochi could prove to be the difference between a gold medal repeat and disappointment.
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra police on Thursday monitored social media messages that could disturb the communal harmony and the law and order situation in the state, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis told the assembly in the evening. “The police and I were on alert. Also, security was tightened in Mumbai and Nagpur,” he said.The security establishment took note of the wave of angry outbursts in social media by youths from the minority community over the execution of Yakub Memon These posts—with messages such as ‘two rules for justice in India' and ‘Muslims can never get justice in India'—are a reflection of the “misplaced sense of victimhood” that the hanging has created in the minds of the minority youth, intelligence agencies believe.Union home ministry sources said the trend is being watched with great concern as radical elements may exploit such vulnerabilities and precipitate both social trouble and terrorism. “The development is worrying because such posts are large in volume; they don't talk about the case on legal merit. The common refrain is that Muslims can't get justice in India. Many have brought the contrast of sentences to the riot accused and Memon to argue this. As most of these posts are coming from youth, it's being seen as a cause for worry,” said a home ministry official.In 2012, the social media had been used by anti-social and communal elements to foment trouble in Assam, resulting in large-scale violence.
Introduction For as long as I can remember, I have kept a diary. I have had little books with shiny locks and cartoon characters on the covers. I have used spiral notebooks. I have had beautiful sketchbooks from France and Switzerland. Each page of every book was covered with doodles, poems, confessions, rants, essays, phone numbers, and wishes. I wrote for the sheer joy of it. Many a Sunday afternoon found me with colored pencils in hand, transferring my hopes and dreams from the space in my head onto the paper before me. Through the years, my journals have become an integral part of my life. They provide a means of creative expression as well as a safe place to unload all of the random thoughts that bounce around in my head on a daily basis. This web site is designed to introduce you to the art of daydreaming on paper. I want to take you beyond diary, journal, sketchbook, and notebook into a concept that is an imaginative hybrid of all these. I take a very playful approach to journaling, and I want to share with you some techniques that will help you unleash your own creative potential. Whether you are a closet poet or a meticulous record-keeper, you are sure to find something here that you can use. If you're new to creative journaling, here are some ideas about how to get started. If, like me, you've been keeping notebooks for years, go straight to the monthly theme page, where you'll find new prompts and exercises each month. Visit the Random Prompt Generator for prompts to get you writing and drawing right away. You can find little information about me on my bio page. Be sure to bookmark this site and come back to visit often. Drop me a line to let me know how you like it, or just to say "hi". Happy scribbling!
COLUMBIA (WACH) â?? One man is dead after a shooting Wednesday night at the Deer Park Apartments off Two Notch Road.
Police say the shooting happened around 9 p.m. when two groups of young men got into an argument in the parking lot of the apartment complex.
Police say the victim was shot multiple times in the upper body.
Police say the man was holding his three-year-old daughter when he was shot, but the girl was unharmed.
"He actually was holding his daughter in his arms when we got to him, so someone came and got his daughter and got her away from his body," said Jeremy Johnson who lives at the complex and went to the parking lot when he heard the shots. "So we just stayed by his body, and I was checking his pulse to see if he was still breathing, and he had a pulse, but it slowly faded away."
Investigators are questioning witnesses to find out who shot the man.
Anyone with information on the shooting is asked to call CrimeStoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC. Tipsters remain anonymous and may be eligible for a cash reward.
Nearly four months after release, the new 12-inch MacBook is starting to become available for personal pickup in Apple Stores in the United States. Previously, some stores have had sporadic stock for walk-in customers, but it now appears that stock is substantial enough for Apple to offer personal pickup.The personal pickup option isn't universal yet however, with only select configurations at select stores being available. For example, the 256 GB Silver MacBook is not available for personal pickup in New York, NY while the 256 GB Space Gray is widely available.While some Apple Stores and Best Buys have had sporadic stock for walk-ins, most Apple Stores around the world have only had the unit on display. In the MacRumors' forums, users have been reporting which stores around the world have had the new MacBook on display, whether they were available to purchase or not and how many units they had left in stock.The MacBook is currently showing shipping estimates of at least 1 - 2 weeks when ordered online. Comparatively, both the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro are showing shipping estimates of at least 1 business day.Pricing for the 12-inch MacBook starts at $1,299 for the entry-level model with 256 GB of storage while the higher-end model starts at $1,599 with 512 GB of storage and a slightly faster dual-core Intel Core M processor.
The G-20 summit highlighted a transition in geopolitical power that has been developing for years. The process has escalated in recent months since President Trump took office, but its roots go much deeper than Trump. Europe is tired of the US spying on its leaders and creating a massive refugee crisis from its chaos creating wars. Russia and China are being pulled together as the US threatens both with missiles and bases on their borders. Now Trump seeks more money from everyone to reduce the US trade deficit and holds the world back on the climate crisis. The United States is losing power, a multi-polar world is taking shape and people power is on the rise as the world unites for people and planet before profits.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the President of the European Council Donald Tusk, and US President Donald Trump (Reuters)
The G-20 bordered on being a G-19, with the US a loner on key issues of climate change, trade and migration. These are some of the biggest issues on the planet. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been saying lately “We as Europeans have to take our fate into our own hands.” This is an indication they no longer see the US as the leader or even a reliable partner on key issues. In a summation of the G-20, Politico writes: “Hamburg will also go down as a further mile marker in Europe's slow emancipation from the U.S.” We may be witnessing the beginning of the end of US Empire.
The United States Loses World Power
At the same time that Europe is setting its own course, Russia and China have been moving toward each other and acting in tandem, often with positions opposite the United States. While Washington was trying to isolate Russia, it has been building new friendships and alliances.
Presidents Putin and Xi have met on more than 20 occasions over the past four years. Xi now refers to Russia as China's foremost ally. In that time, the United States built a wall of bases and missiles around both countries, intruded on China's maritime space in the Asia Pacific and fomented regime change in Ukraine to turn that country against Russia. US aggression is backfiring and creating a multi-polar world. After meeting with Russia, President Xi met with Chancellor Merkel to sign trade deals.
Vladimir Putin (R) and Xi Jinping following the talks at the Kremlin, July 4, 2017 (Reuters)
Presidents Putin and Xi met before the G-20 to continue to build their alliance. Putin and Xi made deals on trade agreements and energy sales, created a $10 billion joint investment fund and came to a common approach regarding North Korea. Their approach: “dialogue and negotiation”, coupled with firm opposition to the THAAD missile system being installed by the US in South Korea.
North Korea is another issue where the US is out of step with the world. While the US was lobbying for an aggressive confrontation with North Korea over nuclear weapons, other countries were not joining in and Russia and China were urging restraint and diplomacy. The Los Angeles Times reports “White House officials have been dismayed to see China and Russia teaming up to advocate for a ‘freeze for peace' strategy in which North Korea agrees to stop moving forward with its nuclear weapons development, in exchange for the international community easing sanctions and making other concessions.” Even Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has been a lap dog for the United States, called on China and Russia to help mediate the Korean crisis.
US B-1 Lancer nuclear bombers
Instead of diplomacy, President Trump sent B-1 Lancer bombers capable of delivering nuclear weapons toward the North Korean border where they released 2,000 pound inert bombs. Others in Congress are suggesting more economic sanctions, including sanctions that will negatively impact China and other countries. These actions are driving North Korea to develop ICBM nuclear missiles in order to protect itself from the United States, and driving other nations away from the US.
North Korea responded by calling the US' action a dangerous provocation that could lead to nuclear war. “More of the same” will not only continue to raise tensions but misses a tremendous opportunity to transform the relationship with North Korea and end the Korean War. Russia sought to reduce tensions by providing the United Nations with information demonstrating North Korea did not produce an ICBM, but only a mid-range missile. The world knows that North Korea is not the real threat to world peace, the United States is the problem, as William Boardman explains.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in waves from a car after inauguration (Reuters)
President Moon, the new president of South Korea, wants a ‘sunshine policy' of constructive engagement with North Korea, including building economic ties. Already divisions are showing between the US and South Korea, especially over the THAAD missile system. The system was rushed into Korea during the recent elections, despite Moon's warnings. Moon has said that South Korea must take a lead role in reducing tensions. He ordered an investigation of bringing THAAD equipment into the country.
Globalization is Leaving the United States Behind
While Trump is calling for trade that puts America first; i.e., decreases the massive US trade deficit through trade protectionism, other countries are taking a different approach. Pepe Escobar reports: “At the BRICS meeting on the sidelines of the G-20, they called for a more open global economy and for a rules-based, transparent, non-discriminatory, open and inclusive multilateral trading system.”
Throughout the Obama term, trade negotiations were bogged down because the US was out of the mainstream, calling for greater transnational corporate power than other countries would accept. This was one reason why negotiations slowed and the TPP was killed under election year pressure that made the agreement toxic. Now Trump wants to be even more extreme in favoring US corporations.
As Finian Cunningham writes, the world understands US economic problems better than US leaders. He writes the world knows that US “trade imbalances with the rest of the world are not because of ‘rotten deals', as Trump would have it, but rather because the American economy has ruined itself over many decades. The off-shoring of jobs by American corporations and gutting of American workers with poverty wages are part of it.”
Some Good News
One potential piece of good news this week was President Trump meeting with President Putin for more than two hours. The meeting overcame the Russia-phobia put forth by a barrage of anti-Putin, anti-Russian propaganda that has been produced for many years. The US desperately needs a positive relationship with Russia, not just to avoid conflict with a nuclear and economic power, but because the US is becoming isolated. While not a lot came out of this first meeting, it did provide a good start for the potential resolution of many conflicts – Syria, Ukraine, North Korea, Iran and nuclear weapons (where they should work to achieve the goal of no more nuclear weapons voted for in the UN), to name a few.
President Vladimir Putin and President Donald Trump at the G-20 Summit
The meeting produced a small step that could grow into a significant positive change. The US and Russia announced a ceasefire in part of southwestern Syria that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov have been discussing for weeks. This could allow the US to play a positive role in Syria, in a war it has been losing.
But, this is also a test for President Trump – is he in control of the US government? Ray McGovern, a CIA analyst for 27 years, who led the Soviet Foreign Policy Branch and gave the daily intelligence briefing to multiple presidents, asks whether the Trump-Tillerson ceasefire will survive better than an Obama-Kerry ceasefire also negotiated with Putin-Lavrov. In the Obama case, four days into the ceasefire, the US air force attacked Syrian troops, sabotaging the agreement. McGovern asks two questions critical to the lives of Syrians and the future of Europe and the Middle East:
“Will the forces that sabotaged previous ceasefire agreements in Syria succeed in doing so again, all the better to keep alive the ‘regime change' dreams of the neoconservatives and liberal interventionists?”
“Or will President Trump succeed where President Obama failed by bringing the U.S. military and intelligence bureaucracies into line behind a ceasefire rather than allowing insubordination to win out?”
The RussiaGate myth was the top priority of the media and bi-partisans, rather than the potential Syria breakthrough. While the propaganda on alleged Russia interference continues, the US political class ignores the positive potential of the cease fire in Syria, closes its eyes to the potential undermining of the agreement by the Pentagon and talks about the myth that Russia elected Trump. As each new Russia-Gate is published, it is shown to be false.
People Over Profit
Finally, another lesson from the G-20, people around the world are angry at political leaders who are failing them, including Donald Trump for holding back urgent action on climate change, fed up with globalization that puts people's needs far behind the profits of transnational corporations, and are demanding changes to a system that does not listen.
G-20 German riot police clash with protesters on July 6, 2017 (By Fabrizio Bensch for Reuters)
Protests began before the summit and grew in size and anger as the summit progressed – always met with extreme police violence. The protests in Hamburg were large and loud. The rioting got a good deal of attention, but people expressed their concerns on multiple issues in many ways. Srecko Horvat writes about the importance of protests to show opposition and power, but also the need to continue the work of building alternatives to the current failed systems.
A growing political movement is expressing what is so desperately needed. People look at world leaders posing in group photo to show an image of success as false emperors and empresses wearing no clothes. Angel Merkel, the host of the event, was careful not to exaggerate, summing up the meeting merely saying “The summit took place.” The realities are growing inequality, increasing impact from climate change and political systems that are less responsive to the people and more corrupted by transnational corporate power.
The root problem for the G-20 is they are unable to break from free market neoliberalism that is bringing devastation to the world. The people must force them to face the reality that transformation to economic democracy is needed — a new economy where people share the wealth and have influence in the direction of economic policy.
This new global alignment is a positive. The US has dominated the world for too long and must learn to become a cooperative partner. And as US power is waning on the world stage, there is an opening for people power in solidarity across borders to grow.
Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) are a concern for a number of reasons. When consumed, GMOs have been shown to cause gastrointestinal problems, increase cancer risk, and even silence human genes, not to mention their harmful effects on the environment and endangered species such as bees. Within the US, there is also a dearth of safety testing as most tests that show that GMOs are “safe” are short-term studies, lasting only a matter of months. Longer-term studies, even those conducted for just a few months longer than industry-funded studies, have found that the consumption of GMOs causes serious problems, such as an increase in tumor risk. For those US consumers who are rightly concerned about the presence of GMOs in their food, mandatory GMO labeling is one solution that gives consumers the right to know what is in their food while not affecting the GMO food purchases of those who support biotechnology. A handful of US states have successfully passed GMO labeling laws such as Connecticut, Maine, and Vermont. Similar initiatives in other states, like California, only failed due to the massive amounts of money funneled to the opposition by Industrial Agriculture and Food companies as well as the corporations who create GMO seeds and associated agrochemicals, such as Monsanto.
Some Congressmen, however, have been working to undermine the ability of individual states to determine how they label GMOs in recent years. First, Representative Steve King (R-IA) tried several times to introduce the Protect Interstate Commerce Act, which would allow states without labeling laws to sell unlabeled products in states that do. However, the measure was never voted upon. Then, HR 1599, also known as the “Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015,” was introduced, which despite its pleasant-sounding name, would make GMO labeling “voluntary” nationwide and would essentially make the mandatory labeling laws of several states null and void. The measure was authored by Representative Mike Pompeo (R-KS), who President-Elect Trump has chosen to lead the CIA. However, the bill passed the house, but not the senate, keeping GMO labeling laws on the books for the time being.
Not to be stopped by Congressional interference, the agriculture and food corporations soon sought other means to undermine state labeling laws once and for all. While most Americans were distracted by the constant upheavals during the most recent US election as well as geopolitical events such as Brexit, the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry quietly “struck a deal” known as the “bipartisan agriculture biotechnology compromise solution.” Beyond its newspeak title, the text of the legislation makes it clear that this “compromise” effectively bans all GMO labeling laws passed by states. However, it goes even farther. This bill declares that no foods shall be labeled as containing GMOs for two years. After this two year moratorium on labeling, the USDA will then create a national rule for a scannable QR code on labels which would say whether or not the product is GMO. However, QR codes are only readable by smartphones, leaving those without expensive cell phones unable to read the labels. More disturbing still, it gives the USDA the right to declare foods non-GMO if less than 50% of its content is bio-engineered. It also would not require animal products derived from animals fed GMO grains to be considered bio-engineered either.
The bill, under the title S.764 or “A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes,” skipped a house vote and was voted on by the Senate on July 7th, a month after it had been introduced. Obama signed and enacted the legislation a few weeks later on July 29th with little fanfare. All of this took place while media attention was focused on Brexit as well as the Republican and Democratic National Conventions, marking the opening stages of the general election. Regardless of how one feels about GMOs, the passage of this law in such an under-the-radar manner is a chilling blow to state's rights. The nullification of state laws, especially one passed in several states, should, at the very least, be an issue debated upon by the entire Congress and the American public at large. However, some senators, and the president himself, chose to pass this law without so much as peep while the populace was conveniently distracted by the US election circus.
What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news!
This article (While You Were Distracted By The US Election, The Senate Outlawed GMO Labeling Nationwide) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
I've always wanted my own supercomputer. Let's be honest, what self-respecting geek doesn't? Unfortunately, I'm usually poor, and I live in a space that's ~300 ft^2 (that I share with someone else), so actually owning anything considered a supercomputer is out of the question. Fortunately, “Supercomputers” from the 1980's weren't actually all that complicated, and cheap FPGA boards have gotten pretty good. And thus, I give you the Non-Von1.
What is the Non-Von 1?
For those out there that love both retro computing and weird computer architectures, this one is for you. The “Non-Von” was a “Non-Von Neumann” computer that came out of Columbia University in the early 1980's. Most computers are considered “Von Neumann” computers, and consist of a unified memory, holding instructions and data, that a computer repeatedly fetches and processes from. The Non-Von works like a content-addressable memory, with lots of very simple processors, each having their own local memory. It is a single-instruction/multiple-data (SIMD) machine, with instructions being simultaneously broadcast to all of the processing elements (PEs) in the machine. The PEs are arranged in a binary-tree structure, with each PE connecting to a parent and two child nodes. The top of the tree connects to a typical computer that executes instructions on the Non-Von cluster.
The Processing Element
Each PE is a very simple 8-bit microprocessor. It has 64 bytes of RAM, 8 8-bit registers, 8 1-bit registers, an 8-bit comparator and a bit-serial ALU. It also has 3 network connections, one going upstream to a “parent” node, and left and right downstream links to “child” nodes.
My Non-Von 1
After reading a paper about this wonderfully weird machine, I decided that the architecture was simple enough that I could probably actually build one myself. I also needed an excuse to practice Verilog, and just sitting down and programming is the best way to do that. And I wanted to be able to say that I owned my own 1980's supercomputer =)
The final implementation is a 31-node Non-Von1 in a Spartan3E-1200 FPGA board (a Digilent Nexys2). It uses a 19.2 kbps serial link and a simple FSM to interface with a computer. It implements the full instruction set of the original Non-Von1, although I guessed on the actual binary encoding of instructions, so it is likely not binary-compatible with the original. It also leaves out some of the reconfigurable-switch features that allowed PE's to communicate directly with their “neighbors,” rather than through a common parent node. If I get around to it, I'll add this in later.
The Nexys2: The FPGA board used for this
How do you talk to it?
As mentioned earlier, the 31-node cluster can be communicated with via a 19.2 kbps serial link. I wanted a way to actually program it, without resorting to typing in lots of 1's and 0's, so I also wrote a python library for it. This allows me to just type in the actual instructions, and python translates this into binary and handles the communication. This was invaluable for debugging because it not only allows me to easily write code for it, but I can interact with the machine in real-time from a command line.
What are you going to do with it?
Beats me. It was originally designed to be a super-fast database machine, with each “record” having its own processor and with final implementations using up to 1-million nodes (man, I wish I had a bigger FPGA!). Mine only has 31 nodes, so I could use it as a way to store roughly half of the phonebook in my cell phone. I think I could also code up a pretty sweet game of Asteroids for it, but I haven't played around with it much. At the moment, all I have is a bit of test code I wrote to verify that everything worked more or less than it should. I can read/write to all 31 nodes, and the ALU and RAM are all working properly. I also really want to build a nice looking case for it and set it out on my desk to look pretty.
How about programming it?
Here is the instruction set.
ENABLE – Enable all of the PE's
RECV8 [LC,RC,P] – A8 <= IO8 from LC, RC or P
RECV1 [LC,RC,P] – A1 <= IO1 from LC, RC or P
LOADA8 – A8 <= [other reg]
LOADB8 – B8 <= [other reg]
LOADA1 – A1 <= [other reg]
LOADB1 – B1 <= [other reg]
STOREA8 – [other reg] <= A8
STOREB8 – [other reg] <= B8
STOREA1 – [other reg] <= A1
STOREB1 – [other reg] <= B1
READRAM – A8 <= RAM[MAR[5:0]]
WRITERAM – RAM[MAR[5:0]] <= A8
ADD1 – {C1,A1} <= A1 + B1 + C1
SUB1 – {C1, A1} <= A1 – B1 – C1
ROTRA – Rotate-right A8
ROTLA – Rotate-left A8
ROTRB – Rotate-right B8
ROTLB – Rotate-left B8
Logic1 – class of logic instructions (occupies 1 5-bit opcode) CLEAR SET NEGATE AND OR XOR EQUAL NAND
LOGIC2 – class of logic instructions (occupies 1 5-bit opcode) NOR
BROADCAST8 – A8 <= incoming byte from master computer
BROADCAST1 – A1 <= incoming bit from master computer
REPORT8 – Master computer receives A8 of only enabled PE
REPORT1 – Master computer receives A1 of only enabled PE
SEND8 – [LC,RC] IO8 <= A8 of Parent node
SEND1 – [LC,RC] IO1 <= A1 of Parent node
COMPARE – A1 <= (A8==B8), C1 <= (A8 > B8)
RESOLVE – This is one of the most important instructions. If the PE's are numbered like a binary tree, for all PEs are still enabled AND have A1==1'b1, the lowest-numbered PE in that subset will remain with A1==1'b1, and all higher-numbered PEs will have A1<= 1'b0. This is how you can make sure that only a single PE is still enabled when you issue a “REPORT” instruction.
What if I want to build my own?
Yay open-source! The code isn't exactly polished, but in the interest of promoting weird retro computer architectures, I've provided the python library I wrote for it and the verilog code for the Processing Elements. Wire together as many as you'd like! Use it to catalog all of your WhiteSnake and Duran Duran tapes!
Python Libary
nv.py
Non-Von 1 Processing Element
nonvontop.v
Scientists have found evidence that cavemen near the U.S.-Mexico border were butchering gomphotheres, elephant-like beasts from the Ice Age, that were believed to be nearly extinct in North America by the time humans appeared there.
Signs of man, Ice Age beast found together in Mexico MEXICO CITY  Scientists have found evidence that cavemen near the U.S.-Mexican border were butchering gomphotheres, elephant-like beasts from the Ice Age that had been believed to be nearly extinct in North America by the time humans appeared there. Researchers from the University of Arizona and Mexico's anthropology institute say they found the bones of two young gomphotheres — along with blades, a scraping tool and stone chips from making spear tips — at an 11,000-year-old site in Mexico's Sonora state. The finding adds fuel to a debate over whether overhunting by humans helped drive prehistoric animals such as mastodons, North American horses and gomphotheres into extinction, said Vance Holliday, a University of Arizona archaeologist on the team. "This is the first time we've found gomphotheres and humans together in North America," Holliday said. "Maybe they killed it, maybe they scavenged it, but it's something completely new." Gomphotheres are distant relatives to elephants but had wide snouts and long jaws like a crocodile. They stood 9 feet tall. Some varieties had four fearsome-looking tusks, though the species found in Sonora had only two. Gomphotheres were common in North America 12 million to 2 million years ago, then began declining in number. They survived longer in South America, and there is evidence that humans hunted them there, said Guadalupe Sánchez, an archaeologist at Mexico's National Institute of Anthropology and History and one of the dig's leaders. In North America, gomphotheres were mostly gone by the time the first humans arrived, probably about 14,000 years ago. "This is the first kill site I've ever heard of in North America. That's a pretty important discovery," said David Lambert, a gomphothere specialist at the Louisiana School of Science, Mathematics and the Arts. Gomphotheres liked wet, coastal areas — places that probably disappeared underwater when the Ice Age glaciers melted. That makes it hard to trace gomphotheres' contact with humans, Lambert said. Sánchez said the bones were discovered in 2007 at the site, which was given the code name "World's End" to protect its exact location from scavengers who might steal the fossils. Researchers originally thought they had found mastodons, Sánchez said, but this summer, they uncovered teeth and a jaw that confirmed the animals were gomphotheres. Radiocarbon-dating confirmed the bones are from 11,000 years ago, the same era as the encampment, Sánchez said. The researchers presented their findings in October at the annual meeting of the Geological Society of America in Portland, Ore. Sánchez said researchers need to find more sites before knowing whether gomphotheres were widely hunted. "I don't think there's enough evidence yet to show that people wiped out the animals," Holliday said. "It's a raging controversy, though." Hawley is Latin America correspondent for USA TODAY and The Arizona Republic Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Uber's SVP of business Emil Michael is under pressure from the board of Uber to resign, rather than being fired, several sources told Recode.
Last night, Recode reported that the top executive at the car-hailing company — and CEO Travis Kalanick's closest confidant — was in the "crosshairs" of the directors, due to an investigation that is about to be released that shows a hostile workplace fraught with a retaliatory atmosphere and few systems in place to counter pervasive sexism and sexual harassment as well as other corporate mismanagement.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier today that Michael was planning to resign, but that is not accurate. In fact, sources say he's not yet decided what to do, although he is considering doing so under pressure from the board, as part of the recommendations from the investigation by Covington & Burling. He might also be fired.
As part of the investigation, former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder — a partner at the firm — interviewed people inside and outside the company about a number of incidents that involved Michael, including a now notorious visit to a South Korean escort bar. These people were asked details like who proposed the trip, the name of the venue, and how the women, who wore numbers, were seated, according to sources.
Michael, as Recode also reported, was also involved in an incident where an Uber executive he managed directly named Eric Alexander obtained the medical records of a rape victim in India. He also came under the spotlight when he suggested digging up dirt on journalists to BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith in 2014.
While the results of the investigation — which the board is discussing today — didn't bode well for Michael, many are surprised that he, who was otherwise deemed untouchable at the company, would step down. He is a close adviser to Kalanick — who is also considering a leave of absence — and played a crucial role in bringing in funding, as well as making deals like the acquisition of self-driving trucking company Otto and Uber's exit from China.
But many said the board has recognized that it's in need of a complete overhaul of its culture and its leadership. In the lead-up to the Holder report, the company was seeking a new COO to serve as Kalanick's business partner. The $69 billion company also hired well-regarded Harvard Business School academic Frances Frei to be its SVP of leadership and strategy, as well as former Apple marketing executive Bozoma Saint John to be its first chief brand officer.
If Michael does decide to step down, Uber will be without a new head of business in addition to the vacancies in the COO, CFO, CMO, general counsel and senior vice president of engineering roles.
For a company in crisis, that lack of management could be devastating.
Donald Trump and his White House have tried to blame President Barack Obama for Trump's incredibly poor decision to hire Michael Flynn. It's an absurd deflection, given that Obama fired Flynn. But a new report shows it's even more ridiculous than that.
Donald Trump continues to defend his hiring of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, despite the mounting pile of evidence that he and his team knew Flynn posed a threat to America's national security.
Among the Trump administration's many defenses of the decision to hire Flynn, despite the knowledge that he was a foreign agent and had accepted payments from foreign entities, the White House and the president himself have tried to place blame for this decision on President Barack Obama.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration – but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017
There are two major problems with that. First, Flynn did work under the Obama administration and was granted national security clearance. But Obama also fired Flynn — a fact the Trump administration conveniently omits.
But now there is a second and even bigger problem with this defense. According to NBC News, Trump was specifically warned not to hire Flynn — by none other than President Obama himself:
The warning, which has not been previously reported, came less than 48 hours after the November election when the two sat down for a 90-minute conversation in the Oval Office. … According to all three former officials, Obama warned Trump against hiring Flynn. The Obama administration fired Flynn in 2014 from his position as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, largely because of mismanagement and temperament issues.
Trump has criticized and attacked Obama for years, dismissing all of his accomplishments and claiming repeatedly on the campaign trail that Obama and his entire administration were idiots who didn't know what they were doing. So it was never a believable excuse that on this one issue — the matter of granting Flynn access to highly classified information — Trump would defer to Obama's judgment.
But the fact that Trump hired Flynn despite Obama's explicit warning not to prove what an incredible lie the whole thing is. Trump wanted Flynn on his team, no matter what the facts were, no matter what the truth was, no matter what the sitting president told him about the danger Flynn posed to national security.
Trump did what he wanted to do, and he has no one to blame but himself.
This fandom has some amazing comic artists. On the English side of things (not even going into all the amazing comics we've translated because we'd be here all day), you have Weaver, who is able to take something sexual and silly and make it heart-wrenching (or the other way around). You have Mead, whose series are so emotional you need to buy new tissues every time he releases something new.
And then you have the brother-sister duo of Ask The ZPD and Quirky-Middle-Child, who provide much needed comic relief among all the feels. They're especially great at crossovers, which shows just how versatile the cast of Zootopia is- you can make Bellwether and Lionheart into Yzma and Kronk, or get Nick to do a Hula, and it still makes some sort of sense.
And they don't just have to do cross overs with Disney- Dreamworks has plenty to offer in the crossover department as well! So without further ado, get “Holding Out For A Hero” ready, because it's time for Nick and Judy to re-create the epic climax scene from Shrek 2!
Get it after the break!
The Cast
The Comic
Those looking to obtain a driver's license in Maryland no longer have to prove they can parallel park without crushing an orange cone.
The long-required maneuver was eliminated from the state's driving test course Tuesday after Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration officials determined the skills required to perform it are sufficiently tested in another reverse turning maneuver, said Buel Young, an MVA spokesman.
"We constantly re-evaluate and reassess our test, and when looking at the noncommercial Class C driver's skills test, it was determined that we were testing individuals several times for the same skills," Young said.
Parallel parking will continue to be taught to new drivers as part of the state-controlled curriculum for driver's education courses in Maryland, Young said.
Other states, including Virginia, also do not require parallel parking as part of their driving tests.
The skills — including "backing, braking, use of mirrors, steering, speed control" and others — are also evaluated during what is known as a "two-point turn," Young said, in which drivers pass beyond a nonparallel parking spot and then back into it.
The MVA has been struggling for more than a year to diminish long waiting periods for people trying to take the state's driving test. Young said he did not know of any connection between that effort and the removal of parallel parking, and couldn't speculate as to whether the removal of the maneuver would decrease the average amount of time a driving test takes.
"I don't know if it will shorten the amount of time," he said. "We don't have any data right now because we just instituted [the change] yesterday."
In fiscal 2014, 47 percent of the 154,526 people who took the driving test in Maryland failed, but Young said the MVA does not have statistics on the number of people who failed because of their inability to parallel park.
krector@baltsun.com
twitter.com/rectorsun
HOUSTON – The Houston Dynamo got a goal each from striker Omar Cummings and midfielder Boniek Garcia in a 2-0 win over the Chicago Fire on Saturday at BBVA Compass Stadium, keeping their Eastern Conference playoff hopes alive another week.
With the win, Houston (10-13-6, 36 points) closed the gap between them and the postseason red line to five points behind the New York Red Bulls, who play at the LA Galaxy on Sunday night.
Hope is fleeting now for the Fire (5-8-16, 31 points), who missed suspended starting defenders Bakary Soumare and Lovel Palmer and are winless in their past four games.
Houston struck first just after the quarter-hour on a textbook display of crossing and finishing. The Dynamo attacked the left side, and midfielder Ricardo Clark got the best of Fire veteran Logan Pause before firing a cross to the back post. Cummings split Gonzalo Segares and Jeff Larentowicz for a simple sliding finish and his fourth goal of the season.
COMPLETE LINEUPS AND BOXSCORE
The Dynamo finished what Cummings started on a perfectly played team goal in the 67th minute. Defender Kofi Sarkodie hit a cross from the right side to midfielder Brad Davis, who headed the ball to a wide-open Garcia inside the box. The picture-perfect volley was his second goal of the season and marked a welcome return to the lineup after he missed last week's match against the Philadelphia Union with a concussion.
Garcia also nearly set up Giles Barnes in the 37th minute. He hit a perfectly placed ball over the top that Barnes chipped with the outside of his foot, but Fire goalkeeper Sean Johnson got a hand to the shot and tipped the ball off the crossbar to keep the Dynamo out.
Not to be outdone, two minutes later Fire forward Quincy Amarikwa forced Houston goalkeeper Tyler Deric into action. The forward hit a low shot to the far post that looked destined for the inside of the post, but Deric stretched out to push it away to preserve his club's 1-0 halftime lead.
LATEST MLS STANDINGS
After the half, Houston continued to push early and came close to adding to their lead.
In the 52nd minute, the returning Garcia showed his ability to ignite the attack, holding off two defenders 35 yards away from goal to play Barnes into a one-on-one with Johnson. The US international was again up to the task, however, stuffing the chance after Barnes took a bad touch. On the resulting corner, Johnson again came up big for the Fire, making an athletic play to get to and slap away an AJ Cochran header that was destined for goal.
The Dynamo travel to play the Red Bulls in a crucial match at Red Bull Arena on Oct. 4, while the Fire play at Philadelphia on Oct. 2
MLSsoccer.com Men of the Match
By Mike Krieger of Liberty Blitzkrieg
Introducing the Gigantic and Dangerous Wall Street Loophole You've Never Heard of
This spring, traders and analysts working deep in the global swaps markets began picking up peculiar readings: Hundreds of billions of dollars of trades by U.S. banks had seemingly vanished. The vanishing of the trades was little noted outside a circle of specialists. But the implications were big. The missing transactions reflected an effort by some of the largest U.S. banks — including Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, and Morgan Stanley — to get around new regulations on derivatives enacted in the wake of the financial crisis, say current and former financial regulators. The trades hadn't really disappeared. Instead, the major banks had tweaked a few key words in swaps contracts and shifted some other trades to affiliates in London, where regulations are far more lenient. Those affiliates remain largely outside the jurisdiction of U.S. regulators, thanks to a loophole in swaps rules that banks successfully won from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in 2013. Many of the CFTC employees who were lobbied in these meetings went on to work for banks. Between 2010 and 2013, there were 50 CFTC staffers who met with the top five U.S. banks 10 or more times. Of those 50 staffers, at least 25 now work for the big five or other top swaps-dealing banks, or for law firms and lobbyists representing these banks. The lobbying blitz helped win a ruling from the CFTC that left U.S. banks' overseas operations largely outside the jurisdiction of U.S. regulators. After that rule passed, U.S. banks simply shipped more trades overseas. By December of 2014, certain U.S. swaps markets had seen 95 percent of their trading volume disappear in less than two years.
– From the excellent Reuters article: U.S. Banks Moved Billions of Dollars in Trades Beyond Washington's Reach
The following story is guaranteed to make you sick. Once again, we're shown that following trillions in taxpayer funded bailouts and backstops, TBTF Wall Street banks immediately went ahead and focused all their attention obtaining loopholes in order to transfer risk and make billions upon billions of dollars in the financial matrix, as opposed to adding any benefit whatsoever to society.
From Reuters:
NEW YORK – This spring, traders and analysts working deep in the global swaps markets began picking up peculiar readings: Hundreds of billions of dollars of trades by U.S. banks had seemingly vanished. “We saw strange things in the data,” said Chris Barnes, a former swaps trader now with ClarusFT, a London-based data firm. The vanishing of the trades was little noted outside a circle of specialists. But the implications were big. The missing transactions reflected an effort by some of the largest U.S. banks — including Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, and Morgan Stanley — to get around new regulations on derivatives enacted in the wake of the financial crisis, say current and former financial regulators. The trades hadn't really disappeared. Instead, the major banks had tweaked a few key words in swaps contracts and shifted some other trades to affiliates in London, where regulations are far more lenient. Those affiliates remain largely outside the jurisdiction of U.S. regulators, thanks to a loophole in swaps rules that banks successfully won from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in 2013. For large investors, the products are an important tool to hedge risk. But in times of crisis, they can turn toxic. In 2008, some of these instruments helped topple major financial institutions, crashing the U.S. economy and leading to government bailouts. After the crisis, Congress and regulators sought to rein in this risk, and the banks fought back. From 2010 to 2013, when the CFTC was drafting new rules, representatives of the five largest U.S. banks met with the regulator more than 300 times, according to CFTC records. Goldman Sachs attended at least 160 of those meetings. Many of the CFTC employees who were lobbied in these meetings went on to work for banks. Between 2010 and 2013, there were 50 CFTC staffers who met with the top five U.S. banks 10 or more times. Of those 50 staffers, at least 25 now work for the big five or other top swaps-dealing banks, or for law firms and lobbyists representing these banks. The lobbying blitz helped win a ruling from the CFTC that left U.S. banks' overseas operations largely outside the jurisdiction of U.S. regulators. After that rule passed, U.S. banks simply shipped more trades overseas. By December of 2014, certain U.S. swaps markets had seen 95 percent of their trading volume disappear in less than two years. While many swaps trades are now booked abroad, some people in the markets believe the risk remains firmly on U.S. shores. They say the big American banks are still on the hook for swaps they're parking offshore with subsidiaries. Still, the banks' victory on the swaps loophole leaves a concentrated knot of risk at the heart of the financial system. The U.S. derivatives market has shrunk but remains large, with outstanding contracts worth $220 trillion at face value. And the top five top banks account for 92 percent of that. In 2009, President Barack Obama tapped Gary Gensler, then 51 years old, to chair the CFTC. Liberals grumbled about Gensler's résumé. The son of a cigarette and pinball-machine salesman in working class Baltimore, Gensler, at 30, had become the youngest banker ever to make partner at Goldman Sachs. Among other jobs, he oversaw the bank's derivatives trading in Asia. Later, as an undersecretary of the Treasury, Gensler helped push through the 2000 law that had banned regulation of derivatives markets. Kenneth Raisler, a former Enron lobbyist representing JP Morgan, Citigroup, and Bank of America, argued in a letter that the CFTC should allow U.S. banks to do things overseas “even if those activities were not permissible for a U.S. bank domestically.”
“Kenneth Raisler, a former Enron lobbyist representing JP Morgan, Citigroup, and Bank of America.”
You just can't make this stuff up. Gold Jerry, gold.
Meanwhile, Obama was hard at work as always proving himself to be a capable banker coddler in order to ensure his payday upon leaving office.
In his place, Obama nominated a long time aide to Democratic Senator Harry Reid, Mark Wetjen. Gensler and other pro-reform allies assumed that the veteran Democrat would vote with the Democrats on the commission. Wetjen, a derivatives newcomer, was not a conventional liberal. He came with an endorsement from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, an opponent of the Dodd-Frank Act. As his policy adviser, Wetjen hired Scott Reinhart, former in-house counsel at the structured credit products division at Lehman Brothers – the bank whose collapse in 2008 set off the financial crisis. Rosen, the banks' lead lawyer, discussed Wetjen often on calls with his bank clients. The newcomer, Rosen told them, was key to swinging the commission in the banks' favor. Banks got dramatically more face time with commissioners after Wetjen's appointment. In 2010, Gensler had met with the top five U.S. banks 13 times, and in 2011, 10 times. That was still more than any other staffer or commissioner at the CFTC. In the year after Wetjen's appointment, Wetjen aide Reinhart met with the top five banks 36 times, more than anyone else at the CFTC. Wetjen himself met with the top banks second-most often, 34 times. Gensler met them less than half as frequently, as did nearly every other commissioner and staffer, according to the records. In June, Reinhart left the CFTC to join Rosen's practice at Cleary Gottlieb. Gensler had little patience for the bank-friendly Wetjen, former CFTC officials say. As their disagreements sharpened, Wetjen's pro-bank views seemed to harden, these people said. “Mark was struggling a little with the substance,” one former CFTC official said. “Gary treated Mark like he was a moron, and then Mark refused to budge.” “The fight over this provision was one of the biggest policy fights in all of Dodd Frank,” said Kelleher, of the think tank Better Markets. “Once the banks got that loophole, then a lot of that predatory behavior migrated overseas to wherever there was less regulation.” Goldman had already started moving to restructure its trading operations to get around Dodd-Frank. In March 2012, it sent out a four-page letter to its derivatives clients with an unusual demand. Goldman wanted clients to sign off on giving the bank standing permission to move a client's swaps trades to different affiliates around the world, whenever and wherever the bank saw fit. Goldman called the letter the “Multi-entity ISDA Master Agreement.” It meant that a client might strike a derivatives deal with Goldman in New York in the morning, and that afternoon, with no disclosure, a Goldman office in London or Singapore or Hong Kong could take over the deal. With each shift, the trade could fall under different regulators.
Perhaps I should ask John Hilsenrath whether it is “anti-Semitic” to point this out.
Just in case you need a reminder of how incredibly putrid and corrupt Banana Republic America has become…
The global inter-dealer market for interest rate swaps in Euros is one of the largest derivatives markets in the world. U.S. banks' monthly share of the market had plunged nearly 90 percent since January 2013, from over $1 trillion to $125 billion, according to ISDA. The data were misleading. U.S. banks were still trading as vigorously as ever. But their trades, booked through London affiliates, without any credit guarantees linking them back to the U.S., were now showing up in the data as the work of European banks. In mid 2014, the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, a banking lobby in Washington, circulated a private memo to its members. The memo consisted of talking points banks could use to justify the de-guaranteed contracts and shifting of trades if questioned by regulators and lawmakers.
Where have you heard about the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, or SIFMA, before? Recall the following from the post, Ex-NSA Chief Keith Alexander is Now Pimping Advice to Wall Street Banks for $1 Million a Month:
So what is Mr. Alexander charging for his expertise? He's looking for $1 million per month. Yes, you read that right. That's the rate that his firm, IronNet Cybersecurity Inc., pitched to Wall Street's largest lobbying group the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), which ultimately negotiated it down to a mere $600,000 a month. In case you need a refresher on how much of a slimy character this guy is, I suggest you read the following posts…
What would we have done without the bailouts…
For related articles, see:
Why Obama Allowed Bailouts Without Indictments by Janet Tavakoli
Why Bailouts are Anti-American in One Minute by Max Keiser
“Bank Lives Matter” – Obama Administration Makes Another Move to Protect Profits of Criminal Mega Banks
Wall Street Moves to Put Taxpayers on the Hook for Derivatives Trades
Cronyism Pays – Eric “Too Big to Jail” Holder Triumphantly Returns to His Prior Corporate Law Firm Job
The U.S. Department of Justice Handles Banker Criminals Like Juvenile Offenders…Literally
Why Obama Allowed Bailouts Without Indictments by Janet Tavakoli
Elizabeth Warren Confronts Eric Holder, Ben Bernanke and Mary Jo White on Bankster Immunity
Even Washington D.C. Insiders Admit Eric Holder is a Bankster Puppet
Enterprises over the last decade have devoted large portions of their IT budgets to collecting, securing and analyzing huge volumes of big data. Or at least trying to.
But heading into 2016, the increasing complexity of networks, and the sheer number of connected devices that are constantly streaming data over those networks, will create a paradigm shift in how enterprises secure and manage information and systems.
Consumers' desire for more control over their privacy, enterprises' efforts to analyze data in real time and the Internet of Things (IoT) trend will create opportunities for startups, threaten the dominance of tech industry stalwarts and compel enterprises to focus on operational technology (OT) over traditional information technology (IT).
These business drivers will also affect our personal lives in ways you may not anticipate. I apologize in advance for frightening you if you've recently watched any of the Terminator movies. Nonetheless, here are my fearless predictions for 2016:
A New Security Startup Will Empower You To Take Control Of Your Data Privacy
We live in an era where big companies are sparring with government over access to your personal data, and where data breaches make regular headlines for exposing your most sensitive personal and financial information to thieves.
Meanwhile, we're adding more connected devices to the arsenal of gadgets we carry every day. Consider how many new smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and fitness trackers will be unwrapped this holiday season.
Privacy is top-of-mind for a majority of consumers. According to a recent study by customer identity management provider Gigya, more than 90 percent of consumers are at least somewhat concerned about data privacy and how companies are using their data.
Big companies are sparring with government over access to your personal data.
The established security software vendors focus on helping companies harden their security postures to thwart the bad guys both inside and outside of the network. Protecting your privacy is a different concern, and requires a different approach, and that creates fertile ground for an entrepreneur to build a company with the mission of empowering you to take control of your data privacy.
You could, for example, have access to a detailed record of every big company that has a copy of your data and creates a trail of how these companies use it, including who they share it with and for what purposes. You will have more visibility and control, conflating the concepts of security and privacy in a way that has not been done yet.
Barbarians At Cisco's Gates
Enterprises that were once wary of cloud computing are increasingly migrating their applications and systems out of their data centers. Some 84 percent of enterprises surveyed for the Verizon Enterprise Solutions 2016 State of the Market: Enterprise Cloud report say their cloud use has increased in the past year, and half say they will use their cloud for at least 75 percent of their workloads by 2018.
Combine that with the fact that more employees now work in remote locations than work in the typical enterprise's home office and you understand why the network has become more complex and difficult to manage than ever. Thankfully for both the IT team and users, Moore's Law is commoditizing the dedicated switching hardware space.
The traditional way to build networks is to buy a lot of hardware, then over-provision by installing more bandwidth than you need, which leads to an operating expenditure (OPEX) explosion. All those Cisco-certified network engineers won't work for free.
A new architecture known as software-defined network (SDN) is gaining traction. SDN enables an enterprise to replace the system of routers and switches spread out across the network with a hyper-converged infrastructure that projects apps and data from the data center. You'll still have big iron, but you don't need the same kind of dedicated hardware. The payoffs are dramatic reductions in capital expenditure (CAPEX) and operating expenditure (OPEX).
SDN represents a transformation from dedicated (and expensive) hardware systems stored in closets to inexpensive computers and mobile devices that all feature low-cost processors. We'll see more compute companies try to move into Cisco's space during 2016 to meet enterprises' goals of OPEX and CAPEX reduction.
Focus On Data Streams Instead Of Data Lakes
Having amassed huge piles of big data, enterprises are discovering a new challenge: turning that data into actionable intelligence. This is made even more difficult by the fact that the data just keeps coming.
Analyzing big data means looking at historical data and analyzing patterns over long periods of time. That has led to conversations around storage metrics, i.e., how many petabytes, or even exabytes, a company is trying to manage. It's all about volume and trying to examine that entire volume for nuggets of information we can use to improve our business processes.
In 2016, those conversations will be driven less by Hadoop and just how much data we are storing. Analyzing big data will remain a priority, but the focus will shift to also examining multiple pipelines of data streaming in from specific sources. Again, we see the incredible disruption that IoT creates for businesses.
More employees now work in remote locations than work in the typical enterprise's home office.
We will leverage sensors on connected devices to pinpoint where data is coming from and who is using those devices, similar to the real-time analytics the marketing department can perform with their website analytics tools. As the Harvard Business Review reported in its October 2015 issue, “The relationship a firm has with its products — and with its customers — is becoming continuous and open-ended.”
For example, smart thermostats, water heaters and other “smart” appliances can transmit back to manufacturers data about how homeowners use them. A car can send data about its operation, location and environment to its manufacturer, who can then push out software updates that enhance the user experience and the car's performance, and even avoid problems before they occur.
Enterprises in 2016 will focus on analyzing these data pipelines that provide real-time information directly from their sources. But big data is not going away. The information from these data pipelines will move into big data lakes in order to provide companies with the ability to identify long-term trends they can use to improve sales, enhance customer service and grow their businesses.
Moving through and beyond 2016, we will see more connected machines communicate and share data with one another, leaving people out of the process entirely. That leads me to my next prediction.
Rise Of The Machines: Operational Technology
Enterprise IT departments work to ensure the machines they manage deliver the information users need to get their work done; hence the title, “Information Technology.”
IT is a people-centric operation accountable for consumable services delivered to employees. In 2016, we'll start to see priorities shift away from people and move toward the growing number of — you guessed it — IoT devices. That shift will place more emphasis on operational technology (OT) over IT. For technology professionals, this will create a different kind of accountability, scale and technical challenges.
Gartner defines OT as “hardware and software that detects or causes a change through the direct monitoring and/or control of physical devices, processes and events in the enterprise.”
In other words, enterprises are implementing a number of IoT machines and automation technologies to make businesses hyper-efficient without having to add more people. This means there are infrastructure issues that go far beyond “Help, my email is down” or “I can't access Salesforce.”
In 2016, we'll start to see priorities shift away from people and move toward the growing number of IoT devices.
Consider factories utilizing networked machines that operate autonomously. A machine can detect a potentially dangerous malfunction before it happens, shut down other equipment that could be damaged and direct maintenance staff to the problem. This scenario is the perfect illustration of the difference between IT and OT.
In an IT environment, someone has to monitor the status and operation of all the machines to ensure they're operating at peak efficiency. In an OT environment, the machines monitor themselves, take proactive measures to prevent problems and tell people how to fix them.
The OT professional will service millions, even billions, of devices, not thousands of employees. They won't spend their time rolling out new services to employees, which will remain a big IT challenge. They will be performing tasks such as upgrading a million sensors for a global oil-extraction business.
Putting Hollywood's typical apocalyptic visions aside, we will see the true “rise of the machines” as OT starts to become the center of attention over IT.
Random Musings
Now, let's have a bit of fun and consider how these technology trends will affect how you interact with your friends, family and even your favorite devices:
You'll uninstall from your smartphone at least five social networking apps that you never use.
You'll uninstall from smartphone at least five social networking apps that you never use. You'll take 200 percent more pictures of food with your smartphone (and finally realize you should always take a picture of your airport and mall parking locations).
You'll take 200 percent more pictures of food with smartphone (and finally realize you should always take a picture of airport and mall parking locations). You'll see a civilian drone somewhere you least expect.
You'll see a civilian drone somewhere you least expect. You'll consciously try to ”disconnect” from the Internet for a whole week…and fail.
You'll consciously try to ”disconnect” from the Internet for a whole week…and fail. You'll get a 2016 Christmas present made on a 3D printer.
I'm not saying you'll love your 3D-printed gift, but at least it will have a personal touch. Unless, of course, the person who gave it to you printed multiple copies for other friends and family members. Either way, smile and look impressed — it's the thought that counts!
I may believe in women's reproductive rights and LGBT equality and background checks for gun purchases, but I also took childhood naps each Thanksgiving under the watchful glass eyes of my cousin's prized deer head mount. And I may now work in the white-collar journalism world, but I spent my formative summers wandering around my Illinois hometown's “Bagelfest”, an homage to one of our community's several factories and its working-class heritage.
That's all to say: the American electorate is complicated. But there is a narrow perspective that many liberals in my adult life use to paint the people from my hometown, and from the thousands of other places like it.
In that painting, it's just the people reached on landlines that admit they plan to support Donald Trump who actually do. And those Trump voters time and again are given a suspiciously similar face: white; male; blue collar. And then those less neutral descriptors: racist; sexist; uneducated. The first three are often shorthand for the second set.
Millions of ordinary Americans support Donald Trump. Here's why | Thomas Frank Read more
The Democratic party – and by that, I mean the party gatekeepers with power to wield media influence, which worked out great for the Brexit vote – are writing off those hardcore racists as an overblown minority that is making more noise than they can translate into votes. But overlooking “regular Joe” moderate voters like the ones who filled my childhood could be our undoing.
My party has gotten cocky, and I fear that condescending mentality will lose us this election. Because for all of his divisive bluster, Trump has gotten one thing right time and again: small-town America is not doing great.
Don't get me wrong: I sure as hell won't be casting a ballot for Trump this November. But I have watched this primary season unfold through a different lens than my very liberal coworkers and fellow New Yorkers, who live in a world that's largely bounced back from the recession.
Where my family lives, factories are closing. Schools don't have enough money for teachers, and all of Barack Obama's hope and change hasn't done much trickling down in the last eight years. And just because the moderate voters living in these areas aren't showing up at Trump rallies or plastering your Facebook wall with tirades about Muslims doesn't mean they're planning to support Obama's heir apparent come November.
That's a hard truth for a lot of liberals with white-collar jobs and HBO subscriptions to process, but it's a truth nonetheless. It's a truth that is driving Trump fans who really do want to build a wall and “punish” women who have illegal abortions, but it's a truth for millions of other middle America (yes, mostly white) voters who are overlooked once the primary race bunting comes down and the bandshells empty back out.
What would electing Donald Trump be like? Like Brexit | Richard Wolffe Read more
Especially in this election, minorities are being courted by Democrats – and considering how many Trump lines they have to choose from, the sell is pretty easy. For everyone else, it's a disconcerting binary: either you're a racist homophobe or you're obviously not voting for Trump, so great, we don't need to even bother paying lip service to your concerns.
Even if Clinton does win in a landslide, what I fear most is the elitism my party is embracing, and its ultimate cost.
Some of the people I grew up with are racist. Plenty more are sexist. And a lot of these mainly white midwesterners ventured no farther than the state college. But those are descriptors that also work on plenty of the liberals I've met in Boston, Chicago, New York – they just keep those views to themselves while living in much more diverse places. And that lets them off the hook. It sets up that insidious dismissal of anyone who doesn't live like them, who doesn't think like them.
The stakes for our country are too high to tip those voters toward Trump and then shrug as though that was a preordained result. I believe in the Democratic party's ability to break barriers – it's why I wore a “Hillary is my Homegirl” T-shirt to high school back in 2008. The last thing we need right now is more walls.
22nd November 2015
Genetically modified salmon approved by FDA
For the first time, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved genetically modified fish for human consumption.
AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on enhancing productivity in aquaculture, announced this week that the FDA has approved its application for the production, sale and consumption of "AquAdvantage Salmon". This Atlantic salmon has been genetically enhanced to reach market size in less time than conventional farmed Atlantic salmon.
Ronald Stotish, Ph.D., CEO of AquaBounty, commented: "AquAdvantage Salmon is a game-changer that brings healthy and nutritious food to consumers in an environmentally responsible manner without damaging the ocean and other marine habitats. Using land-based aquaculture systems, this rich source of protein and other nutrients can be farmed close to major consumer markets in a more sustainable manner."
The U.S. currently imports over 90% of its seafood – and more specifically, over 95% of the Atlantic salmon it consumes. AquAdvantage Salmon will create the opportunity to grow an economically viable, domestic aquaculture industry. Through greater efficiency and localised production, AquaBounty claims it can increase productivity while reducing the costs and environmental impacts of current salmon farming operations. Land-based aquaculture systems can provide a continuous supply of fresh, safe, traceable and sustainable GM salmon to communities across the U.S. and do so with a lower carbon footprint. This offers an alternative approach to fish farming that does not exploit the oceans.
Jack Bobo, Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer at parent company Intrexon, stated: "The U.S. Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee encourages Americans to eat a wide variety of seafood, including wild caught and farmed, as part of a healthy diet rich in healthy fatty acids. However, this must occur in an environmentally friendly and sustainable manner. FDA's approval of the AquAdvantage Salmon is an important step in this direction."
The AquAdvantage fish program is based on a molecular modification that results in more rapid growth during early development. A gene responsible for growth hormone regulation is taken from a Pacific Chinook salmon, combined with a promoter from an ocean pout, then added to the Atlantic salmon's 40,000 genes. This makes it grow year-round, instead of only during spring and summer, without affecting its ultimate size or other qualities. The GM fish grows to market size in 16 to 18 months, rather than three years.
The AquaAdvantage program has other qualities that improve its sustainability credentials. The fish require 25% less feed than other Atlantic salmon on the market today. When farmed in land-based facilities close to major metropolitan areas, they will travel only a short distance to the consumer. Not only will this make them the freshest fish on the market, it will significantly cut the transportation distance from farm to table. Unlike salmon imported from Norway and Chile that travel thousands of miles by airfreight and are then trucked to markets, AquaBounty's salmon will have a carbon footprint that is 23-25 times less.
The FDA determined that the approval of the GM technology would not have a significant environmental impact, because of multiple and redundant measures taken to contain the fish and prevent their escape into the wild. These measures include a series of physical barriers placed in the tanks and in the plumbing that carries water out of the facilities to block the eggs and fish. Furthermore, the AquAdvantage Salmon are reproductively sterile, so that even in the highly unlikely event of an escape, they would be unable to interbreed or establish populations in the wild. The FDA will maintain regulatory oversight of the production and facilities and will conduct inspections to confirm these containment measures remain adequate.
Despite a lengthy and detailed review process, however, the FDA's approval has provoked an angry response from some, who have questioned the safety aspects and object to the fact that no labelling will be required to indicate the fish were genetically engineered. The Centre for Food Safety (CFS), a non-profit organisation working to protect human health and promote organic food methods, has already announced plans to sue the FDA and prevent the modified salmon being sold in the U.S.
"The review process by FDA was inadequate, failed to fully examine the likely impacts of the salmon's introduction and lacked a comprehensive analysis," said executive director Andrew Kimbrell in a press statement, citing the 2 million people who filed public comments in opposition, the largest number of comments the FDA has ever received on any issue. "This decision sets a dangerous precedent, lowering the standards of safety in this country. CFS will hold FDA to their obligations to the American people."
Globally, traditional "capture" fisheries have been on a plateau since the late 1980s due to unsustainable yields. Aquaculture is now among the fastest growing industries in the agricultural sector and is projected to supply the majority of the world's seafood by the mid-2020s, overtaking wild catch harvests by weight. With fisheries collapsing from over-exploitation, pollution, climate change and other problems, aquaculture is likely to become a sustainable and vitally important industry of the 21st century.
Comments »
Mike Wallace has been absent so far from the Pittsburgh Steelers' training camp but he's expected to return by the time games count.
The wide receiver, who wants a long-term contract and hasn't signed his tender offer from the Steelers, is expected to report to the team before the regular season begins, people who have spoken to him told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter on Tuesday.
The Steelers refuse to negotiate with Wallace on a new deal until he shows up and signs his one-year, $2.7 million tender.
Wallace, a starter in the Pro Bowl last season, did not take part in any of the Steelers' offseason workouts or minicamp.
Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger told 93.7 The Fan in Pittsburgh last week that the holdout wide receiver is staying in shape.
"I gave him a call to wish him happy birthday and see how he was doing," Roethlisberger said. "And Mike's training hard. He's training with his helmet on just like he'd be here. So he's doing a lot of things. And I have confidence he'll be here and ready to go for the season."
Ahhh, Monument Park. A magical place at Yankee Stadium where not quite immortal players become, well, immortal.
The New York Yankees have retired so many numbers that they no longer have any single digits left (well, except this one). Which made us wonder: With David Ortiz getting his jersey retired in Boston, which Red Sox stars of the past would have plaques if their team handed out the honor as liberally as the Bombers do?
In an attempt to answer that question, we sent Red Sox beat writer Scott Lauber and Yankees beat writer Andrew Marchand to an alternate universe -- an imagined infinity where Beantown and the Bronx are one and the same -- to debate the merits of certain Sox in relation to their pinstriped counterparts.
Lauber: The numbers say Posada (42.6 WAR, 121 adjusted OPS) was closer to being as good as Yogi Berra (59.6, 125), Bill Dickey (55.8, 127) and Thurman Munson (46.0, 126) than Varitek (24.4, 99) was to being as good as Posada. But Monument Park is no place for statheads -- or any logical reasoning, for that matter. Bill James' kind isn't welcome there. Varitek caught four no-hitters, won two World Series and wore a big, red C on his chest. If the Sox were the Yanks, hanging up No. 33 wouldn't be enough. They would bronze the mitt Varitek stuffed into Alex Rodriguez's mug.
Marchand: The Yankees are a little, shall we say, lenient in celebrating their past successes. Posada was not a Hall of Famer, but there was a legitimate debate about whether he deserved a place in Cooperstown. You can't say the same about Varitek. "Sado," as his best buddy Derek Jeter called him, was on five championship teams. The only reason to give Varitek the edge in this comparison is that Varitek never asked out of the lineup after being demoted to the No. 9 hitter's spot. There is a case for why the Yankees should have abstained from retiring No. 20, but a better case exists for why No. 33 is still in play at Fenway.
Lauber: For years, the Red Sox applied two rules to number retirement: A player had to spend his whole career with the club and be in the Hall of Fame. Monument Park has fewer rules than the Thunderdome. Pettitte left the Bronx and came back, and hasn't been retired long enough to see his name on a HOF ballot. But while Pettitte was the last Yankee to wear No. 46, four Red Sox have worn No. 38 since Schilling. That's OK. In lieu of a number, maybe the Sox could retire Schill's sock -- still bloody, of course.
Marchand: Pettitte was named in the Mitchell report and still had his number retired, a discrepancy that speaks to his dynamic personality. He was popular among teammates, coaches, fans and the media. While Schilling certainly didn't command that kind of magnetism, he was perhaps most responsible for breaking the Bambino's curse. I think if you're going by the Yankees' standard of number retirements, Schilling deserves to be honored at Fenway.
If Bernie Williams ... then Dwight Evans?
Lauber: By any measure, and not just the everyone-is-welcome Monument Park standard, Evans' number should be retired. He checks enough boxes: 19 years with the team, a three-time All-Star, eight Gold Gloves, 66.9 career WAR, 127 adjusted OPS. All Dewey is missing is a ring. Hard to hold that against him, though, considering he batted .300 with three homers and a .977 OPS in the Red Sox's seven-game World Series losses in 1975 and 1986. The Yankees would've honored Evans the second he called it quits. The Red Sox gave out No. 24 to Manny Ramirez and David Price, among others.
Marchand: That seems crazy to me. Why isn't Evans' number retired? Oh yeah, the Red Sox are much stricter about that particular ritual than the Yankees. I think Williams' number should be retired. Again, not a Hall of Famer, but he stacks up better than you would think historically and is without a doubt a legendary Yankee. It is nuts to me Evans' number has been worn again. Maybe they can retire No. 24 for all three jersey wearers. Well -- maybe for two of the three, I suppose.
If Joe Torre ... then Terry Francona?
Lauber: Pop quiz: What number did Francona wear during his eight years as Red Sox manager? Tito led the Sox to a 744-552 record, five playoff appearances and two World Series crowns, including the Curse-buster in 2004. But he also wore a long-sleeve pullover rather than his No. 47 jersey because of problems with his circulation. That wouldn't stop the Yankees. No uniform? No problem. Monument Park would still have a place for you.
Marchand: That's a tougher one. Francona wasn't Torre -- who led a dynasty -- but Torre didn't break any legendary curses. I could see the case for honoring Francona because he wasn't exactly sent out the right way. The Yankees and Torre also didn't end on good terms, but after they buried the hatchet, Torre has been immortalized as a Hall of Fame manager -- by way of Monument Park.
If Don Mattingly ... then Nomar Garciaparra?
Lauber: Like Mattingly, Garciaparra experienced a short stretch as one of the best players in the game. And like Mattingly, Garciaparra didn't win a World Series. But the similarities end there. Donnie Baseball captained the Yankees and was a beloved figure in history of the franchise. The Sawx traded Nomah midway through their historic 2004 season. How can a player whose departure actually made his team better deserve to have his number retired? Even for the Yankees, that would probably be a deal-breaker.
Marchand: Donnie Baseball is beloved. He is like the Godfather of the Dynasty, instructing Derek Jeter on how to run off the field as a young player. Beyond that, Mattingly was the best player in baseball for a short -- but distinct -- period. He is not a Hall of Famer, but he is a one-team player who is still adored throughout the Five Boroughs.
If Ron Guidry ... then Luis Tiant?
Lauber: Talk about a couple of pitchers who married substance with style. Yankees fans are still bitter that Jim Rice, not Guidry, was crowned AL MVP in 1978. But there can be no denying that Louisiana Lightning was fun to watch, with his high leg kick and the way he bounced off the mound. El Tiante had a longer peak and just as much flair, turning his back to home plate as he uncoiled in his delivery. That alone would get him into Monument Park, but being one of the best pitchers in Red Sox history should get his number retired.
Marchand: Might be time for the Bostonians to move on from an MVP race that is nearly four decades old, but I guess some people can't let bygones be bygones. I loved Tiant's style, so I would give him the honor of having his number retired.
If Babe Ruth ... then Babe Ruth?
Lauber: The Babe's career in Boston actually predated uniform numbers. So, how about retiring a hot dog -- and not just any hot dog, but a Fenway Frank -- in his honor? That's the way the Yankees would've done it.
Marchand: "No, No, Nanette" should be retired for Ruth. I mean, The Babe was such a part of the Red Sox history -- in a good way, let's not forget -- that maybe having a playbill adorning a wall at Fenway would be just.
Those with jobs are working slightly more and have less leisure time
While the overall figures run counter to the notion that Americans have less free time, those with jobs are working slightly more. On weekdays, Americans with full-time jobs spent 8 hours and 8 minutes a day working or traveling to work, five minutes more than a decade earlier.
Dr. Sayer, a sociology professor, said the survey's underlying figures show a widening split. Those without jobs and those with less education are spending more time sleeping and watching television, offsetting increased time on the job for many better-educated workers.
Those with jobs dedicate 8 hours and 52 minutes to sleep and personal time on weekdays, a figure that increased by seven minutes from a year earlier. But they still sleep much less than those without jobs, who spent more than 10 hours per weekday sleeping or on personal care. “Not employed” people include those who are looking for work and who are retired or otherwise choose not to work.
The jobless spend three hours more each day than working adults watching television or other leisure activities. That group, however, dedicates more than an hour a day to education, versus almost nothing for those with a job, and twice as much time on household activities.
First I cut a circular piece of wood from a piece of scrap using a 4 inch holesaw. Make sure you use clamps here or the wood can fly off. Next widen the centre hole using a wood bit, it needs to be the same size as the bolt you are using, I used M6 bolts but you can use whatever you have lying around. Then drill another hole in the wheel near the rim and fit another bolt and lock it in with a nut on the other side.
Then make a push rod by taking a piece of wood about 12 inches long and drill a hole at either end. Your holes need to be big enough to let the bolts at either end rotate freely but not so big as to allow too much play. To keep the push rod in position on the bolt thread use a technique that will be familiar to anyone who has ever adjusted caliper brakes on a bicycle - thread two nuts onto the thread to just beyond where you want the push rod to sit and tighten them into each other using two pairs of pliers. This will prevent the nuts from moving up and down the thread in operation. Fit the pushrod and use another pair of nuts on the other side to hold it in place. Again the fit around the push rod should be snug but not so snug as to prevent it rotating freely.
Finally you need to fit a bolt in the other end of the pushrod, again locked in place with a pair of nuts. The free end of this bolt will operate the jaw mechanism.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The capsule returned to Earth carrying an unusual cargo
A space capsule has returned to Earth, ending the first commercially contracted re-supply mission to the International Space Station (ISS).
The capsule was sent by the California-based company SpaceX, the first of 12 missions it will perform for US space agency Nasa.
It landed in the Pacific Ocean west of Mexico at 12:22 local time (19:22 GMT).
Nasa is looking to the private sector to assume routine transport duties to and from low-Earth orbit.
The robotic Dragon ship lifted off on 7 October, with 400kg of food, clothing, experiments and spares for the orbiting platform's six astronauts, and docked three days later.
On its return, the capsule carried broken machinery and medical samples gathered by the astronauts aboard the ISS over the course of the past year.
SpaceX's next mission is expected in January, although the company will need to satisfy Nasa before then that the cause of an engine anomaly experienced by Dragon's launch rocket during its 7 October ascent has been understood, and that corrective action has been taken.
International Space Station The International Space Station (ISS) is larger than a football pitch
The first module called Zarya was launched into orbit in 1998
It took 13 years to complete at a cost of around $100bn
There is a permanent crew of six astronauts onboard who carry out space environment research Watch NASA astronauts describe the unique view from the ISS
New destinations
Nasa has given SpaceX a $1.6bn contract to keep the ISS stocked with essentials, restoring a re-supply capability that the US lost when it retired its shuttles last year.
The terms of the contract kicked in following a successful test of Dragon's systems in May.
That demonstration saw the capsule berth with the ISS - the first commercially designed and built vehicle to do so - and then return safely to Earth.
Nasa hopes a second company can also soon begin operational cargo deliveries to the station.
The Orbital Sciences Corporation (OSC) will shortly test its new Antares rocket before undertaking its own ISS demonstration with a robotic vessel called Cygnus.
If that mission - tipped to take place next year - goes well, it will trigger a $1.9bn contract for Orbital.
Nasa's aim is eventually to put astronaut transport in the hands of the private sector too.
SpaceX says it is just a few years away from being able to provide an astronaut "taxi" service.
Nasa's policy of outsourcing its cargo and crew transport needs is intended to find savings that can be ploughed back into building a rocket and capsule system capable of taking humans to more challenging destinations.
Nurses is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 14, 1991, to May 7, 1994, developed and produced by Susan Harris as a spin-off of Empty Nest, which itself was a spin-off of The Golden Girls.[1]
Synopsis [ edit ]
The series revolved around a group of nurses working at the same Miami hospital as Empty Nest's Dr. Harry Weston. Initially, the main characters were strong-willed nurse Annie Roland (Arnetia Walker), sarcastic nurse Sandy Miller (Stephanie Hodge), dim-witted nurse Julie Milbury (Mary Jo Keenen) and Latina nurse Gina Cuevas (Ada Maris) who frequently reminisced about her homeland, the fictional San Pequeño. Also in the cast were arrogant Dr. Hank Kaplan (Kip Gilman), wise-cracking orderly Paco Ortiz (Carlos Lacamara) and flaky nurse Greg Vincent (Jeff Altman). In addition, Florence Stanley had a recurring role during the first season as Dr. Riskin.
However, changes were made after the first season. In an effort to boost ratings, David Rasche joined the cast in the second season as Jack Trenton, a slimy white-collar criminal forced to perform community service at the hospital, and in the final season Loni Anderson joined the cast as new hospital administrator Casey McAfee. Other changes included the addition of Markus Flanagan as hunky orderly Luke Fitzgerald for the second season only, the changing of the show's theme song in seasons two and three, having nurse Gina and Dr. Hank Kaplan get married (Gina being pregnant with Dr. Hank's child). Nurse Greg Vincent was also written off after season one.
In the series' final season, nurse Sandy was gone, and the series' focus moved increasingly from the nurses to Casey McAfee's adjustments in running the hospital under a new HMO, and the antics of Jack Trenton and his sidekick Paco the orderly. [2]
Although ratings improved somewhat, NBC still cancelled the series after its third season.
Cast [ edit ]
Episodes [ edit ]
Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired 1 22 September 14, 1991 ( ) May 2, 1992 ( 1992-05-02 ) 2 24 September 19, 1992 ( ) May 1, 1993 ( 1993-05-01 ) 3 22 September 25, 1993 ( ) May 7, 1994 ( 1994-05-07 )
Crossovers [ edit ]
The following is a list of Nurses episodes featuring characters from The Golden Girls and Empty Nest.
Season One
Episode 2: "A Lesson in Life" – Laverne Todd from Empty Nest
Episode 6: "Mother, Jugs, and Zach" – Harry Weston from Empty Nest
Episode 9: "Begone with the Wind" – Rose Nylund from The Golden Girls and Laverne Todd from Empty Nest
and Laverne Todd from Episode 20: "Moon Over Miami" – Blanche Devereaux from The Golden Girls and Charley Dietz from Empty Nest
Season Two
Episode 2: "In My New Country" – Laverne Todd from Empty Nest
Episode 7: "Playing Doctor" – Carol Weston from Empty Nest
Season Three
Episode 1: "The Eagle Has Landed" – Harry Weston from Empty Nest
Episode 4: "Jack's Indecent Proposal – Charley Dietz from Empty Nest
Episode 7: "The Bridges of Dade Country" – Harry Weston from Empty Nest
Episode 9: "Temporary Setbacks" – Sophia Petrillo from The Golden Girls and Empty Nest , and Carol Weston from Empty Nest
and , and Carol Weston from Episode 10: "The Birth of a Marriage" – Harry Weston from Empty Nest
References [ edit ]
Sony are aiming to get the follow-up to the PS3 (currently dubbed Orbis, even as just a codename) out before Microsoft get their next console out, sources are claiming.
The report, which says that the PS4 has been in design planning stage for about two years (something we were told on the phone last week) says that Sony are confident “it will have the console at market ahead of the next generation Xbox next Christmas.”
“Sony are completely in the belief that they have the jump on Microsoft this time,” the source said. “You should be watching the timing of next year's E3 keynotes, and who's going to go first.”
It's believed that some publishers (Ubisoft are named, for example) and developers know all about the PS4, or whatever it's called, whilst others are likely to be briefed over the next few months.
Things were going better than Greg had imagined they would.
Tel had walked over to ask Felicia Finnegan to dance. She smiled at him and said something, he had said something and sat down beside and they'd been talking now for half an hour.
Greg went around the dance floor once with Sonya Pasco and then with one of the Costello twins, and then edged over towards his brother and overheard Tel say, “Of course, there is nothing that can compare with the feel of Mulberry,” as Felicia nodded vigorously.
“Yes! Yes! I told my father that, and what did he bring home to me? China silk! ‘You get what you pay for,' I told Papa. ‘Buy cheap get cheap.””
Tel shook his head over Felicia having to cope with china silk. “You have to know about these things before you invest in them,” he said. “As I've said repeatedly to Scott Bonney, there's absolutely no substitute for high quality.”
Ah, thought Greg. Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one.
Greg looked over the room. One would think the Finnegans would send a chaperone with Felicia. One would think her older sister would accompany her, but he could see no sign of Felda. He'd planned to intercept her if she hovered too close to Tel and Felicia, be a good brother and make sure Tel could have a relatively private conversation with Felicia. He'd ask Felda if she'd read The Well Beloved. That should result in at least ten minutes of good conversation about Hardy. In fact, he had planned a list of books to ask her about, since they'd not really spoken since that awkward meeting in the library. it was written down on a slip of paper in his pocket, and he'd looked over it before walking to The Rose with Tel. They would be friends again. He'd have someone on this damned island he could really talk to.
Now it looked as if that effort would go to waste.
She was probably home with a good book. He imagined Felda curled up in one of the armchairs in that room of shelves, lost in Doyle or Wilde or Kipling. It would be so pleasant to be there, to be able to ask her, one more time, “What do you think of it?”
And to hear what she thought and then read it again and see something new, something he'd missed.
Oh well.
He looked again at Tel and Felicia. They still a little apart, their heads close. Now was the time Tel should put his arm around her. It was obvious even from where Greg stood that Felicia wanted him to move closer, touch her, but really, Greg would have to leave that part of things to Tel. No reason for Greg to stay.
What was Felda thinking, allowing Felicia to just wander off to a party by herself? Sitting at home with a book while her pretty sister wandered into the toils of Tel. Poor, silly flighty Felicia, out there all alone without Felda to take care of her. He thought less of Felda Finnegan for that. He really did.
He wasn't sorry she'd not shown up.
In fact, he wasn't sorry any more about that encounter in the library, and the next time he saw her across a room, or walking past him on the street, he wasn't going to feel any pain at all! This was the best thing that could have happened.
Greg turned, intending to go fetch his coat and hat and almost bumped into Felda Finnegan, who'd just walked into the room.
Oh God she was beautiful.
Advertisements
1
Algo muy bueno hay que decir del presidente Enrique Peña Nieto: desde la victoria del PRI en la gubernatura del Estado de México, reposicionó a su partido como un contendiente real para las elecciones presidenciales de 2018. Esto, sin embargo, en el imaginario de la clase empresarial y la prensa política, porque entre el resto del electorado el PRI y su precandidato, José Antonio Meade, bañados por el confeti vertido sobre la escena pública, adornando la coreografía excelsa que hizo Peña Nieto para sacar como abanderado del partido en el poder a quien deseaba, sin necesidad de cesárea, sigue donde estaba antes de toda la parafernalia litúrgica tricolor: en tercer lugar de las preferencias electorales por partido, con el rival a vencer, Andrés Manuel López Obrador superando Meade dos a uno, y con la mayoría de los ciudadanos que dicen que por el PRI jamás votarían.
El periódico El Universal, que el miércoles publicó la última encuesta de Buendía y Laredo, donde reflejaba que el llamado bound convention, que es la burbuja que sube cuando se nomina a un candidato o candidata, no había dado los resultados obtenidos, publicó el jueves el antídoto del PRI. Según un informe del equipo de Meade que citó, la tendencia en el voto, en una combinación –cuya fórmula no menciona ni explica el periódico– de conocimiento de nombre y porcentaje de voto actual, le va a permitir al precandidato del PRI superar a López Obrador en la elección presidencial. La medición demoscópica vis-à-vis a la interpretación de la misma en la primera plana de uno de los diarios de mayor impacto en el país, sólo llevan a la confusión. Pero después de todo, de eso se trata. La pregunta es si a río revuelto, la ganancia será del pescador que gane la opinión pública.
La respuesta inmediata es que no será así. Un análisis cuantitativo que realizó la edición impresa de Eje Central de los 35 últimos años de comportamiento electoral del PRI, refleja que el desgaste de décadas de gobierno del PRI ha cobrado su cuota. En 1985, a la mitad del sexenio del presidente Miguel de la Madrid, cuando se dio el cese masivo de decenas de miles de burócratas, el PRI gobernaba a 11 millones 575 mexicanos, que representaban a 64.8 por ciento de los electores. En 2015, a mitad del sexenio del presidente Enrique Peña Nieto, el PRI gobernaba a 11 millones 683 mil mexicanos, pero que ante el crecimiento poblacional representaban a 30.6 por ciento del padrón electoral. Aún con un PRI hegemónico, el partido en el poder fue perdiendo votación nacional: gobernó a 50.3 por ciento en 1988, y seis años después, en el turbulento 1994, había bajado a 48.6 por ciento. Pero además, ahí comenzó su caída de casi 45 grados.
En 2000 perdió la elección presidencial y se repitió la derrota en 2006, cuando el candidato presidencial, Roberto Madrazo, tiró al mínimo histórico la votación tricolor: 22.2 por ciento del electorado, que representaban a nueve millones 301 mil mexicanos. Recuperaron el poder en 2012, cuando Peña Nieto alcanzó 29.8 por ciento de la votación, con 14 millones 409 mil votos. La estabilidad entre 2012 y 2015 en número de votos no corresponde con la pérdida de estados con alta densidad de población. Actualmente, en los seis estados donde se concentra poco más de 50 por ciento de los electores, sólo gobierna en el Estado de México y Jalisco, donde todas las mediciones electorales indican que Movimiento Ciudadano ganará la gubernatura. De esas seis entidades, en cinco habrá elecciones concurrentes para gobernador, y la tendencia de voto es que en todas irán contra el PRI. Vistos los números de manera muy fría, los momios no favorecen a Meade.
Hay un factor adicional que tampoco se puede soslayar: la cohesión del partido en torno a su candidato. En 2000 fue un diferendo dentro de la campaña presidencial de Francisco Labastida lo que hizo perder una ventaja de 20 puntos sobre Vicente Fox al arrancar el proceso. En 2006 se dio la ruptura del partido cuando Roberto Madrazo construyó desde la dirigencia su candidatura y provocó la traición de los gobernadores. En 2012 no hubo ese rompimiento porque pese a una chicanada en el manejo de la convocatoria para el registro de la candidatura presidencial para hacer de lado a Manlio Fabio Beltrones, el entonces senador reclamó y se enfrentó al líder nacional del PRI, Humberto Moreira, pero respaldó a quien había beneficiado, Peña Nieto. La diferencia entre todas aquellas candidaturas y la de Meade es una, grande y profunda: to-dos ellos eran priistas; el actual precandidato es apartidista.
En este mismo espacio se describió el jueves cómo un nuevo grupo de poder se había incrustado en el corazón político de Peña Nieto, que perfilaba una lucha soterrada dentro del PRI en contra de esta nueva generación de políticos que buscaba hacerse del poder con la bandera tricolor. En 1988 se dio un fenómeno parecido con el arribo de Carlos Salinas a la presidencia, que generó la reacción del viejo PRI, que definió como la nomenklatura, que emergió en el fatídico 1994. El grupo compacto de Salinas se fracturó y Ernesto Zedillo, que nunca apoyó la campaña de Labastida, entregó la banda presidencial a Fox. La candidatura de Salinas rompió los equilibrios dentro del PRI, que nunca acabaron de restablecerse. Con Meade hay un déjà vu, con la creencia de Peña Nieto de que no habrá traiciones dentro del PRI contra su candidato, ni lucharán para que la derrota de él sea también la del presidente.
Twitter: @rivapa
También te puede interesar:
El nuevo grupo de poder
El error de López Obrador
La 'pax narca' de Andrés Manuel
Singer discusses recent hospitalisation, saying: 'Right now, I feel good'
Morrissey has spoken out about his recent hospitalisation and health struggles, revealing that he has undergone a series of cancer treatments.
The singer, who released his comeback album World Peace Is None Of Your Business earlier this year, was forced to cancel a number of tour dates due to illness.
Now, he's told Spanish website El Mundo about his health and cancer treatment, reports the Guardian.
"They have scraped cancerous tissues four times already, but whatever," said Morrissey."If I die, then I die. And if I don't, then I don't. Right now I feel good.
"I am aware that in some of my recent photos I look somewhat unhealthy, but that's what illness can do. I'm not going to worry about that, I'll rest when I'm dead."
This is the first mention of the 55-year-old suffering from cancer, having previously suffered with with a bleeding ulcer in early 2013, double pneumonia in March 2013, food poisoning in July 2013 and then a respiratory infection earlier this year.
He seems to be back fighting fit now though - taking to the stage to kick off his latest tour and hit out at record label with his band in 'FUCK HARVEST' t-shirts.
Morrissey makes his return to the UK with a massive show at London's O2 Arena on 29 November, supported by Anna Calvi. Tickets are on sale now. For tickets and more information, visit here.
Violence, whether private sector (i.e., "crime" and non-state "terrorism") or government sector (war and police actions) are at the center of the debate about the state and its uses. Those who want stronger more centralized states will often argue that one of the main benefits of a stronger, more centralized state is its ability to punish or prevent acts of violence against those who are forced to pay for said state. "Yes, you're taxed," they'll say "but without us you'd be at the mercy of murderers and foreign despots."
And, as we're reminded every time there's a media-induced moral panic over gun-related crime, a vast coercive state will be held up by its supporters as the thin line between safety and chaos.
Their position is that unless the state monopoly on coercion is further strengthened and centralized by law (by legally placing more coercive power in the hands of the police, and less in the hands of private citizens) then murder rates will soar.
No Lack of Crime in Countries with Restrictive Gun Laws
The problem for these advocates, however, is that there's little evidence that government efforts at controlling guns is the crucial factor in bringing down murder rates. Advocates of gun control often point to western Europe as evidence of their position, but they selectively ignore regimes that heavily regulate gun ownership, and yet endure high murder rates anyway. Gun control advocates attempt to cover up their cherry picking by claiming that only "developed countries" should be considered, but no reason is given why countries that score "High" on the UN's Human Development index, but which have relatively high murder rates, should be ignored. (This would include Mexico, Argentina, the Baltic States, Russia, and others.)
Not surprisingly, were we to include these other countries, we would quickly find that there are, in fact, many examples of states with restrictive gun laws and high crime rates.
On the other hand, it remains impossible to point to any one factor that trumps all others in lowering murder rates. Indeed, if one wanted to show an actual correlation between murder rates and something else, one could point to any number of variables.
One long-accepted factor that has been linked to violent crime is the median age of a population. If critics of (somewhat) laissez-faire gun controls in the US are going to demand an explanation for why the murder rate here is higher than it is in Europe, one could easily point to the fact that the US has a younger population than most of Europe. Indeed, old populations can be shown to have low crime rates while young populations have high ones:
(All the countries listed here have a Human Development index number equal to or greater than at least one member of the OECD. All score "high" or better on the UN's Human Development Index.)
Note that not a single country with a median age over 42 has a murder rate above 2 per 100,000. The countries with the worst murder rates all have median ages at or below 30. Among European countries, only Ireland and Iceland have lower ages than the US (and have lower murder rates.)
But, age obviously doesn't explain everything. After all, murder rates have been very low in western Europe for over 100 years (including a period of lax gun control in many European countries), and there were fluctuations in the median age over that time. (In the US, crime rates have somewhat mirrored changes in the median age over the past 100 years.)
Other Factors
Different scholars who have studied the data have different opinions what causes murder rates to go down, though.
One of the most notable and interesting is Eric H. Monkkonen who conducted some of the most extensive studies on murder ever done. Monkkonen was known for casting doubt on a variety of assumed causes of crime. He showed in his work, for example, that murder rates were not necessarily likely to rise in the aftermath of wars, as was often assumed, given the number of trained killers that re-entered the population. He also famously debunked the idea that urbanization is a leading cause of increases in the murder rate. (A claim that is convincing in light of Russian data showing worse murder rates in the rural east.)
The "Civilizing Process"
Monkkonen, with other scholars, has also also showed that increases in gun ownership were not a driving factor. As The New York Times has reported:
Recent research indicates that he was right. In Philadelphia, for example, the annual average rate of indictments for homicide fell from 4 per 100,000 in the 1850's to 2.2 in the early 1890's, according to research by Roger Lane, a history professor at Haverford College. The drop occurred as the city became industrialized and despite the greater availability of firearms during the period.
Monkkonen's position was that the key factor in reducing murder rates was the "civilizing process," a concept invented by sociologist Norbert Elias that suggests that societal pressures on behavior are the key factor in lessening violence.
According to this theory, murder rates were very high in medieval Europe (an assertion that is supported by the data) and came down to today's very low murder rates in response to the rise of new social rules of behavior and new institutions. In Europe, as social norms turned away from "honor" killings and blood feuds, and toward what we would consider to be more "rational" means of settling disputes, the murder rate plummeted in Europe.
In many areas, this clearly had nothing to do with the availability of guns, since the high murder rates preceded that widespread availability of firearms. Moreover, the later declines in murder rates continued well into the period when Europeans had increasingly easy access to unregulated revolvers and similar weapons.In Britain, for example, "By the mid-nineteenth century armed crime was almost non- existent." according to historian Joyce Lee Malcolm. Gun controls were virtually non-existent in Britain until 1920, when fears about Bolsheviks and other threats to the state were used to justify new prohibitions. Violent crime is higher now in Britain than before 1920.
The "civilizing process," according to Monkkonen, resulted from the rise of more reliable and predictable urban police forces, and criminal prosecutions, and institutions such as schools. The state was involved in this process, although you needn't have been. And what we call "the state" in these cases was often highly localized police forces and school boards and nothing resembling today's Homeland Security-type governance. The growth and quality of these services, made possible by wealth that came with industrialization, raised the cost of murder (for the murderers) while lowering the attractiveness of murder to settle conflicts, compared to alternatives (such as lawsuits).
The Apparent Limits of the Civilizing Process
Europe in recent decades has cultivated a reputation as a continent of peace-lovers, but those familiar with European history could not be blamed for hesitation in declaring Europe a peace-loving place. Even if Monkkonen is right in terms of interpersonal crime, the history of 20th-Century Europe suggests that the "civilizing process," at least in the presence of a strong centralized state, has its limits.
Europeans may have a relatively good record on private-sector killing over the past 200 years , but when it comes to state-sanctioned killing, Europeans certainly did not refrain from courting conflict. Europe's attempt to destroy itself in two world wars in the 20th century came after centuries of dynastic wars and civil wars, not to mention colonial wars and countless brutal repressions of native populations in occupied territories and colonies. If we were to factor in all 20-century "violent death" statistics (including intra-state wars, civil wars, massacres in the colonies, torture centers, and more), the Europeans hardly have established themselves as perpetual lovers of non-violence. [1] The fact that it has been 70 years since the last major European conflict proves nothing given that the First World War erupted after nearly 100 years with no major European wars.
It is entirely possible, however, that in the absence of the "civilizing process," Europeans would have an even worse record in these matters, and this is plausible given there is no paucity of violent conflict in Africa and Asia that is at least as destructive in terms of human lives destroyed per capita.
In fact, as horrible as the World Wars were, one could argue that, on a percentage basis, they weren't unprecedented in their bloodshed, proportionally speaking. While the raw numbers of dead in the World Wars were far above and beyond anything seen before or since, as a percentage of the European population, the Second World Wars' death toll was comparable to that of the 17th century, which included the Thirty Years' War, among many other conflicts. (Proportionally, the death toll of the Thirty Years War,including civilians, was double that of WWI, and about equal to WWII. Steven Pinker emphasizes this point in The Better Angels of Our Nature.)
Max Boot, in his book on guerrilla warfare, Invisible Armies, expands on this point. In some ways, the World Wars were throwbacks with their attempts at extermination. Ancient and early medieval warfare in Europe, Boot contends, were also often based on extermination, and it was not uncommon for siege warfare and tribal warfare to lead to the decimation and near extermination of entire ethnic groups, city states, and other populations. The destruction of Jerusalem in 70 AD is just one example.
Pinker has also noted that the rise of industrialization, capitalism, and sophisticated economies has also motivated people to turn to violent death as a solution less often. That is, with the rise of modern economies, basic necessities were less scarce, and people became more valuable alive than dead — as potential trading partners or workers. According to Pinker: "...when it's cheaper to buy things than to steal them, people don't steal them. Also, if other people are more valuable to you alive than dead, you're less likely to kill them." Pinker terms this the "capitalist peace."
So while the violent death totals in the 20th century did not exactly constitute progress, given the weaponry available to Europeans in the 20th century, it seems that things could have been far worse. Nevertheless, to exclude these deaths from the European picture (or any evaluation of the violence level in a society) would leave us with only part of the story.
Notes
[1] One could conceivably claim that in the case of WWII, only deaths committed by Axis states and their allies should be included. Arguably, deaths committed by the Allies were in self-defense. In that case, then even if we included only killings by Germany and German allies (i.e., Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, and Vichy France) we're still left with a violent death rate of about 6 percent of the population, a devastating total. Naturally, one could not plausibly define killings by Europeans in overseas territories as "self-defense."
Fisher forced overtime with a 3-pointer with 4.6 seconds left in regulation and then drilled another with 31.3 seconds to go in overtime as the Los Angeles Lakers outlasted the Orlando Magic 99-91 in Game 4 on Thursday night to open a 3-1 lead in the NBA Finals.
Kobe Bryant is one win from an NBA title to call his own.
The Lakers are one victory from title No. 15 and redemption for last year's loss to Boston.
Fisher got them there.
The 34-year-old known for a turnaround fling with 0.4 seconds left in a 2004 playoff game to beat San Antonio, called making the Magic disappear even better.
"It ranks right up there at the top," he said. "You know, even greater than 0.4 because I feel like we're as close as possible to what our end goal is."
It was the first time since 1984, when Magic Johnson's Lakers and Larry Bird's Celtics hooked up, that two games in a final have gone to overtime.
When the clock expired, Bryant, trying to win his first championship without Shaquille O'Neal, looked at Tiger Woods and wiped sweat from his brow in relief. Fisher, who has bailed out the Lakers in plenty of big games before, was hugged by every one of his teammates.
He had missed his first five 3s and promised teammate Pau Gasol he wouldn't miss again.
"He's been there before," Bryant said. "He has been there and done that.
"He just has supreme confidence and I think those shots at the end of the game are actually easier for him than the other ones."
The Lakers, who improved to 7-0 following a loss in the postseason, can wrap up their first title since 2002 on Sunday night in Game 5.
Bryant finished with 32 points, eight assists and seven rebounds. Trevor Ariza and Gasol each had 16 for Los Angeles, which came back from a 12-point halftime deficit. Ariza had 13 of the Lakers' 30 points in the third quarter.
Unless they can force a Game 6, the Magic will remember this as another finals game that got away.
Dwight Howard was magnificent everywhere but at the free-throw line. Orlando's superman of a center had 16 points, 21 rebounds and a finals-record nine blocks. But he made just 6 of 14 foul shots, and it was his two crucial misses with 11.1 seconds to go in regulation that doomed the Magic.
Orlando missed 15 free throws.
"I just missed them," Howard said. "I've been working on my free throws. They just weren't falling tonight."
Newtownville Books
Author Jaime Clarke's new novel "Vernon Downs" will be available on Amazon in April of next year, but fans and new readers who heed the author's plea can get a copy this December. His only request: Buy "Vernon Downs" straight from the publisher and not from Amazon.
In a Web site aptly named pleasedontbuymybookonamazon.com, Clarke lays out his call to support independent publishing and push back against the aggressive cost-cutting tactics of Amazon that, he says, are great for consumers but detrimental to the livelihood of independent publishing.
Jaime Clarke
Clarke -- who also published the novel "We're So Famous," edited and co-edited a number of other titles and was a founding editor of the Boston College-published literary magazine Post Road -- is co-owner of an independent bookstore in Boston called Newtonville Books.
"As a bookstore owner, I see small presses come and go -- they usually publish a book or two and then fold after running out of money," Clarke writes. "For many small publishers like Roundabout, Amazon accounts for a large portion of sales, but the publisher realizes very little of the purchase price owing to Amazon's discounting policies."
"Vernon Downs" is published by Roundabout Press, from which readers can preorder the book online. Any royalties on sales received from preordering the book now from Roundabout will go directly to the publisher, Clarke said. In addition, anyone who buys the book from Roundabout can get it shipped to them in December. Amazon can't start selling the book until next April, according to Clark, after "Vernon Downs" has gone through the publishing process to get an official bar code.
We've reached out to Amazon for comment and will update this post when we hear back.
The author's move is just one more chapter in the "Amazon vs. small businesses" battle that has expanded especially with regard to books. In July, US District Court Judge Denise Cote ruled that Apple had conspired with five of the largest publishing companies in the US to fix e-book prices. Resting upon the Sherman Anti-Trust Act, the decision has all but secured Amazon's position as the largest and most successful bookseller for years to come.
Despite the fact that independent bookstores have been making a steady comeback as small businesses rebound in the strengthening economy, three independent East Coast bookstores have filed suit against Amazon and major publishers in an attempt to level the playing field. President Barack Obama even got pulled into the debate after New England Independent Booksellers Association Director Steve Fischer late last month condemned the president for visiting an Amazon warehouse in the wake of the Apple e-book decision.
In an interview with CNET on Friday, Clarke laid out his reasoning for why readers should shift support towards independent publishers -- even it if it means slightly higher prices -- and the current issues authors, publishers, and booksellers face in the rising e-book and Amazon era. The following is an edited version of that conversation.
Q: Why would you urge people not to buy books, or at least your book, from Amazon? Is it simply that people should not buy books published from independent publishers on Amazon, or that people should avoid all book buying on Amazon because of what you think it's done to the industry?
Clarke: My campaign to urge interested readers to purchase my novel "Vernon Downs" directly from the publisher is mostly economical, which is to say small, independent publishers like Roundabout Press need all the capital they can lay their hands on.
Unfortunately, most indie publishers rely on Amazon to sell their books, and to quote F. Scott Fitzgerald, the price is high. Indie publishers realize a fraction of the purchase price and are at the mercy of Amazon's discounting policies. As a bookstore owner, my obvious preference is that readers buy books at bookstores, but I know a lot of readers don't live in proximity to a bookstore.
Given Amazon's dominance, where do you see both the e-book market and physical book selling at large in five years time?
Clarke: Industry numbers have borne out what I suspect all along: The e-book market is the new audio book market. E-books are settling to be about 20 percent of the book market, which is what audio books were in the '80s and early '90s.
"Most indie publishers rely on Amazon to sell their books, and to quote F. Scott Fitzgerald, the price is high."
I actually think e-books might be creating new readers, which isn't a bad thing. But people who love books, love books. And books have been around for 500 years. A bigger threat is whether or not the current generation values the book. They'll be around, but will they be read?
What will happen to independent publishers and bookstores as Amazon's hold continues to solidify?
Clarke: Amazon has done all it's going to do to the industry, I think. It's interesting that Amazon's early ambitions were to be the Walmart of the Internet. Books were incidental to their plans -- books just happened to be sitting in warehouses across the country ready to be shipped. It could easily have been lawn furniture.
Now that Amazon is the Walmart of the Internet, it's clear they want to take on technology service providers like Apple. They seem to be hanging around books and publishing mostly out of spite.
Recent reports are saying that independent bookstores are thriving even in the age of Amazon. Do you find this to be true in your own experience with Newtonville Books, and if it is indeed true, what do you think are the causes of the uptick in interest?
Clarke: My wife and I bought Newtonville Books in 2007, just before the economy collapsed. A number of stores were shed and, in fact, we bought Newtonville because it was going to close.
It's true that the number of new bookstores has increased in the last couple of years, which is likely owing to the improving economy. I think any community that is so inclined can support a small, independent bookstore. The big, warehouse bookstore with deep discounts (for instance, Borders and Barnes & Noble) are dinosaurs and are frankly just trying to replicate physically the Amazon experience.
But if having a neighborhood bookstore is important to the neighborhood, it can be done. Even if it means only buying half your books on Amazon, or one in three. I recently heard [Amazon CEO] Jeff Bezos bragging about how Amazon is a customer-centric company, meaning he doesn't listen to all the criticism about Amazon's shoddy corporate policies, etc. All is in service to giving the customer the lowest price, fast and easy.
"[If] having a neighborhood bookstore is important to the neighborhood, it can be done. Even if means only buying half your books on Amazon."
But I'd argue it's not that customer-centric, especially if the customer's house catches on fire and the fire department can't come because the customer bought all their stuff on Amazon without paying sales tax. Or the customer's kids have to be bused an hour away because the local school had to close because of the loss of tax revenue on all those Amazon sales -- on down the line.
Some individuals claim that Amazon's self-publishing and digital selling tools have removed the barriers for young and upcoming writers to get published. Is this accurate in your eyes?
Clarke: I don't have a lot of experience with that side of Amazon. I'm a populist by nature and so I'm against barriers, especially as it relates to art. Amazon is a marketplace and their terrible corporate policies notwithstanding, they're likely providing a valuable service to the little store in Iowa who has something on their shelves that a customer in New Mexico is desperate for.
That may be true, too, for self-publishing. If so, great. I'm sure all the advantages are really on Amazon's side of the transaction, though. They've never shown themselves to be concerned with art or art-making. Just money.
What is the benefit to literature in having both independent and large publishing houses to help curate and assign value to creative works?
I worked in publishing in the late 1990s and know firsthand that like any big business, publishing is mostly guessing. It drives aspiring authors crazy, but books are mostly published based on the passions of a few people, i.e., the author, the author's agent, and the author's editor.
Though in the last decade or so that circle has widened to include marketing people and others at the publishing house, I suspect. I think that's why there are more and more independent publishers springing up.
What makes the publishing industry different in your opinion from other the institutions around other creative media like music?
Clarke: The music and movie industries have undergone a dramatic digital revolution, and while the early going was rough, it seems like those industries are adapting well. The difference for books is simply it's a printed medium.
"As a society we have respect for reading so much so that we disparage reading things on our computers as a matter of rote."
We listen to music and don't really care what the delivery system is. Same for movies. We sit and stare but don't really care which format we're staring at. But inherent in the book is the idea of reading, and as a society we have respect for reading so much so that we disparage reading things on our computers as a matter of rote.
We imbue reading with seriousness and revere "People Who Read," which conjures the image of someone spending time with a book. As I say, that reverence could be in jeopardy with the current generation, but we'll have to wait to see.
When working with taxonomies in WordPress, it's helpful to understand the taxonomy database schema. The WordPress database contains three tables for storing taxonomy data:
wp_terms – stores all of your taxonomy terms
– stores all of your taxonomy terms wp_term_taxonomy – defines what taxonomy each term belongs to
– defines what taxonomy each term belongs to wp_term_relationships – cross-reference table that joins taxonomy terms with your content
Let's look at an example database query joining the taxonomy tables. The below query will return all posts with all taxonomy terms assigned to each post:
SELECT wt.name, p.post_title, p.post_date FROM wp_terms wt INNER JOIN wp_term_taxonomy wtt ON wt.term_id = wtt.term_id INNER JOIN wp_term_relationships wtr ON wtt.term_taxonomy_id = wtr.term_taxonomy_id INNER JOIN wp_posts p ON wtr.object_id = p.ID WHERE p.post_type = 'post'
Using joins you can start to understand the relationship between the three taxonomy tables. I'm a visual person, so I created the below graphic to illustrate the taxonomy table relationships.
Taxonomies are an extremely powerful component of WordPress. Understanding the taxonomy database schema can be very helpful when building more complex WordPress websites. If you are interested in learning more about taxonomies in WordPress, check out my Professional WordPress book.
Nokia's new flagship Lumia 928 for Verizon is reportedly scheduled for a launch in May. Bloomberg reports that Verizon will "unveil a plan next month" for the Lumia 928, which reportedly features a "metal body" alongside a 4.5-inch screen, an 8-megapixel camera, and wireless charging. The Verge's own sources have previously indicated that Nokia will not be using an aluminum frame for this particular device, opting instead for a thinner polycarbonate body.
Nokia CEO Stephen Elop recently hinted at a new Lumia due "later this quarter" with a hero status on a leading US carrier ahead of "a season of new product introductions." Elop didn't name-check the Lumia 928 specifically, but he has previously refused to answer questions about the model. Leaked photos of the device surfaced earlier this month, showing a similar handset to Nokia's existing Lumia 920 with the addition of a Xenon flash at the rear.
The Lumia 928 should appear in the coming weeks
We're told that Nokia has been waiting on final testing of Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 GDR2 update, and Bloomberg's report suggests that the Lumia 928 will launch in May instead of April as originally planned. Either way, expect to see Verizon's Lumia 928 over the coming weeks.
Imagine you're at a house party having the time of your life, but as night turns to dawn, you realize you don't want to be the last one there. Nothing good will come from hanging around. You'll be the one stuck with cleaning up someone else's mess, dealing with problems that have nothing to do with you. Maybe it's selfish, but you have your own priorities and won't let anything else get in the way. So, you leave.
This is how Kyrie Irving feels about his situation in Cleveland, according to league sources with knowledge of his mindset. According to ESPN's Brian Windhorst, Irving has asked to be traded. This leaves the Cavs with a murky future. Per sources, Irving isn't fond of the idea of playing out the final year of his contract on a wrecked team, which Cleveland would be if LeBron were to leave in 2018. The Cavs would likely hold on tight to Irving, rather than blowing it up, meaning he wouldn't hit free agency until 2019. And even if LeBron does choose to stay in Cleveland, Irving would apparently prefer to escape his shadow, per multiple league sources.
"Irving's situation is a repeat of history, like Shaq and Kobe, or Shaq and Penny, or Barkley and Pippen," said one longtime NBA executive. "It's two big stars fighting for the limelight." We've seen this bickering before. Irving could wake up tomorrow and decide to play it out. But star feuds often result in a breakup, and Irving and LeBron have had a flimsy relationship since LeBron returned to Northeast Ohio from South Florida.
Put yourself in Kyrie's shoes. Only weeks after signing a five-year extension with the Cavaliers in 2014, Irving gave up being the face of the franchise to the prodigal son LeBron. It was Irving's team, then suddenly, the city's savior made his heroic return home. According to one source, it always "rubbed Kyrie the wrong way" that LeBron didn't reach out to any Cavaliers players before making his decision. And James had a contentious relationship with both Irving and Dion Waiters during the early days.
Irving has hinted at the cracks in their relationship for years. In 2015, after LeBron said the team had "bad habits," Irving said, "I don't want to say it's not been rocky at all. Obviously, he sees the game one way, I see the game another way." During the past season's All-Star break, Irving admitted he needed to let go of his "arrogance, aura, ego, and selfishness" to play with LeBron. At the 2017 NBA Finals, Irving was asked to describe how his relationship developed with LeBron. "Having just a tremendously great player like that come to your team and you see yourself being one of those great players eventually and then he ends up joining it and then now you have to almost take a step back and observe," Irving said. "Selfishly, I always wanted to just show everyone in the whole entire world exactly who I was every single time."
Irving wants more, and he's capable of achieving it. Anyone with two working eyeballs can see his upside. He's a flamethrower shooter, unafraid to launch with a hand in his face, in the tensest moments of games.
He's one of the greatest below-the-rim finishers ever, capable of magical flips off the glass. The NBA's best on-ball guard defender, Avery Bradley, recently called Irving the league's toughest player to defend. Few players possess the dribble moves that Irving does. He's quick. He's manipulative. He's deceptive. Prior to last season, Irving never averaged over 25 points per game, but it's clear he could do it on a near-nightly basis if need be. Irving is a first-team All-NBA talent receiving a third-team All-NBA workload.
His upside shows up in the numbers too. Since 2014–15 in the regular season and playoffs, according to data derived from NBA Wowy, Irving scores 30.5 points per 36 minutes with a 51.7 effective field goal percentage with LeBron off the floor, compared to 23.8 points per 36 minutes with a 52.9 effective field goal percentage when LeBron is on the floor. Irving's efficiency barely dips despite a huge increase in scoring volume. Maybe that's not a sustainable clip for Irving to hit, but the list of players even capable of doing it is quite short.
Sometimes we forget that Irving is only 25, and not even in the prime of his career. Playing with LeBron has forced him into a primarily off-ball role. And it has worked. Cleveland won a title! But it also stunted Irving's development as a playmaker. His "point guard" position is meaningless when LeBron is actually the primary creator. Irving is more like a classic combo guard. Guys like John Wall and Stephen Curry got endless opportunities in their early 20s to develop their PG skills. Irving missed out on this education. Without Bron, he could conceivably get it — better late than never.
"Kyrie's tired of being lil bro. He wants to be the man," said a league source. "So why wait? Why play the year out?" Two sources told me on Friday that Irving went into the offseason thinking about demanding a trade. It was only last week, during a meeting with the Cavaliers, that he made his desire for a trade clear. In his report, Windhorst wrote that "Irving considered requesting a trade after the Cavs' championship last year but decided against it."
The timing is very odd. Why so late in the summer? If Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert hadn't gotten rid of general manager David Griffin, maybe the team wouldn't be in such disarray. The Cavs just hired Koby Altman to take over in Griffin's role, but it might be too late for stability. The Warriors got better, while the Cavaliers stagnated.
ESPN reported that James is "blindsided and disappointed" by Irving's trade demand. It's the second time in a week a player has told LeBron "No." First Jamal Crawford turned down the Cavaliers for the young Wolves. And now Irving wants out.
If Irving is traded, regardless of the return, the pressure will only increase for LeBron and the Cavaliers. If James leaves next summer, the team would effectively be left with nothing. If LeBron thought he could leave Cleveland unscathed after delivering a lone title, he might be in for a rude awakening next summer.
But maybe a roster shake-up increases the chances of LeBron staying put. Cleveland could deal Irving for young assets or it could look for a package that satisfies LeBron's preference for veteran teammates. Maybe a package bringing back one of his "very good friends" (like Carmelo Anthony) and/or his fellow Klutch Sports clients (like Eric Bledsoe) would work. Cleveland has options.
The difficulty is finding a trade that makes sense. Irving's preferences reportedly included San Antonio, Minnesota, New York, and Miami. None of those teams can exactly put together an appealing package, at least on paper, unless LaMarcus Aldridge is flipped for assets, or Andrew Wiggins is included. Every team evaluates players and trades differently, though. Two league sources speculated that the Cavaliers would shop Kevin Love, depending on the type of package they get back for Irving. Love's name has been included in trade rumors for almost his entire stay in Ohio, so that shouldn't come as a surprise. But it's fascinating to think about how a team that's just been to three straight Finals could blow it up around its centerpiece.
If I were the Cavaliers, I'd want a package for Irving that'd allow the roster to compete, regardless of what LeBron decides next summer. As I wrote in March and again in April, the Cavaliers helped get themselves into this mess in the first place by not building a sustainable roster that focused on developing cheap, talented, youthful players. They didn't adopt the Spurs model, basically. They need to start thinking about building a sustainable future, whether that includes LeBron or not. Dealing a 25-year-old superstar point guard in Irving for a package highlighted by a 33-year-old past-his-prime forward in Melo could end up an all-time dumb move when there's absolutely no guarantee it keeps LeBron around. Cleveland should be looking to trade Love for Melo, and Irving for a significant package to a different team. No matter what happens, Irving is a young, improving superstar with two guaranteed years left on his contract. The return better be supermassive.
Which? magazine is the UK equivalent of Consumer Reports – an independent magazine primarily focused on product reviews and providing objective information to the consumer. They recently conducted an investigation of nutritional therapists, with scandalous (although not surprising) results.
This kind of expose is becoming more common, and that is a very good thing. The concept is very simple – just present as a typical client off the street and ask practitioners to do what they do every day, give their professional advice.
This is a good real-world assessment of what a profession is like. When they know they are in a public forum they try to put their best foot forward, and the more savvy members will know to pretend to be moderate and evidence-based. But when they do not think anyone is looking, they are more likely to represent what they are really about. And that's what matters, of course – what they actually do in practice.
In this case they asked five investigators to pose as patients and consult three nutritional therapists each. They found:
Our expert panel concluded that visiting a nutritional therapist wasn't worth the money – and in some cases could have actually endangered the health of the researcher. Six of the fifteen consultations were rated as ‘dangerous fails'. Of the remaining visits, eight were rated as ‘fails' and only one was graded as a ‘borderline pass'. Our experts were disappointed by the advice given by therapists and concerned at their poor knowledge of the body and how it works.
That's 40% rated as dangerous fails, 53% regular fails, and 7% borderline pass. This kind of numbers represent a broken industry. Of course, this is a study of only 15 therapists, but it is highly unlikely (assuming no cherry picking or missing data) that the therapists used in the study are significantly unrepresentative of UK nutritional therapists in general. Perhaps they just happened to hit 15 duds – but it's unlikely.
They also found:
Of course, there is benefit in following healthy dietary advice, but most of what was provided by the nutritional therapists is freely available on websites such as the NHS site. Plus, most of the therapists in our investigation recommended quite restrictive diets that excluded several foods (predominantly dairy and wheat) and taking expensive supplements.
If their experience is indeed representative then going to a nutritional therapist in the UK is likely to include wrong or even dangerous advice, recommending a restrictive diet that most people cannot follow, and recommending expensive supplements (and not to get them at chains where they might be cheaper).
Taken together this is a pretty good description of a scam. Some UK nutritional therapists even use iridology (a pure pseudoscience based on iris diagnosis) as a fake diagnostic method to determine which expensive supplements their clients need to purchase.
None of this implies that nutrition itself is not important. Perhaps the best nutritional advice is to have a varied diet with appropriate calorie control and sufficient fruits and vegetables. If you need more specific advice all of the science-based information is freely available on government and academic websites. If you have a serious chronic illness, like diabetes, and require medical nutritional counseling it is best to get this in coordination with your doctor.
There may even be competent independent nutritional therapists out there, but if this study is any indication they are few and far between.
This is all partly due, in my opinion, to attempts on the part of so-called “alternative” medicine proponents to make nutrition alternative. This is more than a bit of historical revisionism, but by trying to pull nutrition into the alternative camp they are encouraging the proliferation of non-science-based nutritional advice.
This is also a good example of what happens when a profession is regulated without a science-based standard. Regulation means nothing if there is no objective transparent standard of quality.
As Edzard Ernst said – regulating nonsense still results in nonsense.
Image Credit: AP
A proposed amendment to North Carolina's constitution which would make marriage between a man and woman the only legal union recognized by the state has passed a statewide vote, the Associated Press reports.
The referendum- North Carolina Amendment One- goes a step beyond outlawing same-sex marriage, which was already illegal in the state. The law decrees that "marriage between one man and one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized in this State"- meaning that civil unions and potentially other types of domestic partnerships will no longer be legally recognized.
With a little over 43 percent of precincts reporting, support for the amendment was strong- with about 61 percent of North Carolina voters casting their ballots in favor of the amendment, and roughly 39 percent voting against it.
There is some uncertainty among legal scholars in the state as to the extent of the law, and what types of partnerships might be affected, as the terminology in the amendment- domestic legal union- has not appeared in North Carolina statutes previously.
"The language 'domestic legal union' is not used in North Carolina statutes or in North Carolina case law," said Jean Cary, professor of law at Campbell University in Raleigh, N.C., "so it is totally undefined."
The North Carolina Democratic Party released a statement saying that Tuesday's results were a "setback" but that Democrats in the state would continue to fight for "equal rights."
"Tonight's results are an unfortunate reminder that the fight for Civil Rights in our state is not yet over. Writing discrimination into our Constitution is wrong. The State Constitution exists to protect the rights of our citizens- not to take them away. Despite this setback, north Carolina Democrats will continue to fight for all of our citizens" the statement said.
Tony Perkins, President of the Family Research Council- a conservative Christian organization- released a statement applauding the vote.
"We applaud North Carolina voters for joining voters in 31 other states upholding the historic and natural definition of marriage as the union of one man and one woman" the statement said. "At every opportunity, the American people have demonstrated a deep appreciation for the unique benefits that marriage between a man and a woman brings to families and society. They recognize that marriage is the only kind of union that results in natural procreation and keeps a mother and father together to raise the children produced by their union."
North Carolina had previously been the only Southern state that did not have a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage. Some 29 states already have statutes or constitutional amendments outlawing same-sex marriage. Additionally, in Hawaii, the state legislature has the power to define marriage, though the state does not currently explicitly ban same-sex marriage. North Carolina will now become the 30th state with such a law. Same-sex marriage is currently legal in six states, plus Washington, D.C.
The passage of Amendment One is not necessarily a harbinger of bad things to come for Obama and the Democrats in the fall. This type of legislation has not always fallen along red and blue state lines. Constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage have passed in several blue states including Oregon, Maine and California.
WASHINGTON—In recasting his defense strategy, President Barack Obama is looking beyond the wars he inherited to focus on Asian security risks -- mainly China and North Korea -- that took a back seat to Iraq and Afghanistan.
This marks a turning point not only for the U.S. military but also for Obama, entering the final year of his White House term. Facing a re-election battle, he is declaring success in Iraq and Afghanistan and taking a forward-looking stance on the how to preserve U.S. military pre-eminence.
A prominent theme of the new strategy that Obama and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta unveiled Thursday is what Panetta has called a renewed commitment to asserting America's position in the Asia-Pacific region.
"This region is growing in importance to the future of the United States economy and our national security," Panetta said. "This means, for instance, improving capabilities that maintain our military's technological edge and freedom of action."
The administration is not anticipating military conflict in Asia, but Panetta believes the U.S. got so bogged down in Iraq and Afghanistan after 9/11 that it missed chances to improve its strategic position in other regions. He has yet to visit China as Pentagon chief but is expected to go as early as this spring.
The new strategy also identified India as a long-term strategic partner that can serve as a regional economic anchor and provider of security in the Indian Ocean region. And it said the U.S. will try to keep the peace on the Korean peninsula by working with allies and others in Asia to defend against North Korean provocations.
The eight-page document highlights the administration's efforts to deepen its engagement in the increasingly prosperous Asia-Pacific through diplomacy, trade and security ties.
"All of the trends -- demographic trends, geopolitical trends, economic trends and military trends -- are shifting toward the Pacific," Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said, standing alongside Obama and Panetta in the Pentagon briefing room. "So our strategic challenges in the future will largely emanate out of the Pacific region."
America views its military presence as key to ensuring Asian stability and the free flow of commerce, although it is a source of tension with China, which sees its military buildup as commensurate with its rise as a global power. Lurking in the background is the threat of China taking military action to force Taiwan to reunite with the mainland -- a move that could draw the U.S. into the conflict.
Some of China's neighbors have been unnerved by Beijing's assertive behavior and claims to disputed territories, particularly in the resource-rich South China Sea.
The new Pentagon strategy said Washington and Beijing share a stake in peace and stability in East Asia and an interest in building better relations.
"However, the growth of China's military power must be accompanied by greater clarity of its strategic intentions in order to avoid causing friction in the region," the document said.
Even as the Pentagon's focus shifts more toward Asia, Panetta said it would keep a close eye on the Mideast, where major problems persist, including the threat of increasing instability in Iraq now that U.S. troops have left.
The new strategy says the U.S. will emphasize Persian Gulf security in collaboration with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf allies who fear Iran's influence and its suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapons capability.
"To support these objectives, the United States will continue to place a premium on U.S. and allied military presence in -- and support of -- partner nations in and around this region," the document said.
Coincidentally, U.S. and Israeli forces are preparing for what Panetta has described as the largest-ever U.S.-Israeli military exercise. It is intended to test U.S. and Israeli air defenses against missiles and rockets. It happens to follow a 10-day Iranian naval exercise near the Gulf's Strait of Hormuz.
The strategy strongly suggests a reduced U.S. military presence in Europe, notwithstanding a continuing close relationship with NATO. The Pentagon is expected to propose pulling some troops out of Europe, although no plan has been announced. Obama said the U.S. would "continue investing" in important alliances, including NATO, although he did not allude to future U.S. troop levels.
------
Associated Press writer Matthew Pennington contributed to this report.
------
Robert Burns can be reached on Twitter at http://twitter.com/robertburnsAP
© Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Watch Dogs' citizen profiler has proven to be one of its more divisive systems. While some dismissed its randomised text descriptions as shallow, player mileage seemed to vary according to the leaps of imagination they were prepared to take.
Creative director Jonathan Morin wants to push that “space for interpretation” in the sequel, and build on Watch Dogs' foundations for “systemic contextual narrative”.
“You can humanise the people around you,” he said of the game's successes. “That I definitely see as the beginning of something that is quite unique and could push the industry forward.”
Morin said the gaps in information from the profiler provided “space for expression” – a reason for players to care about NPCs.
“There's a trap of trying to take that and making it so precise then there's no space for interpretation anymore,” he told Digital Spy.
“I think that would make us lose something. We need to find the right balance where we need to push that further, without closing the door and making a crafted story.”
Morin refers to the approach rather vaguely as “systemic contextual narrative” – and says that Ubisoft Montreal's team is exploring the possibilities of it right now.
“We're trying crazy stuff,” he said. We're trying not to fall into that trap of, ‘Oh we've tried that in the past, it's not going to work'.
“If you want to push something forward, then you can think you know better than the first time around. Sometimes it's true, [but] sometimes you don't want to break the possibilities too soon. So that's pretty much our state of mind now, to make sure we can explore fully the possibilities before we start pretending we know what we're doing.”
I was a fan of the profiler – it was a little like giving Dishonored's secret-telling heart a squeeze once every few seconds, for the entire game. And the more absurdly juxtaposed the randomised personality traits were, the more intriguing a character became. But our Fraser wasn't quite so wholehearted a fan of Watch Dogs. How did you find it?
This time of year, most fridges are stocked up with food and drinks to share with family and friends. Let's not make ourselves and our guests sick by getting things wrong when preparing and serving food.
As the weather warms up, so does the environment for micro-organisms in foods, potentially allowing them to multiply faster to hazardous levels. So put the drinks on ice and keep the fridge for the food.
But what are some of those food safety myths we've long come to believe that aren't actually true?
Myth 1: if you've defrosted frozen meat or chicken you can't refreeze it
From a safety point of view, it is fine to refreeze defrosted meat or chicken or any frozen food as long as it was defrosted in a fridge running at 5°C or below. Some quality may be lost by defrosting then refreezing foods as the cells break down a little and the food can become slightly watery.
Another option is to cook the defrosted food and then divide into small portions and refreeze once it has stopped steaming. Steam in a closed container leads to condensation, which can result in pools of water forming. This, combined with the nutrients in the food, creates the perfect environment for microbial growth. So it's always best to wait about 30 minutes before refrigerating or freezing hot food.
Plan ahead so food can be defrosted in the fridge, especially with large items such as a frozen turkey or roll of meat. If left on the bench, the external surface could be at room temperature and micro-organisms could be growing rapidly while the centre of the piece is still frozen!
Myth 2: Wash meat before you prepare and/or cook it
It is not a good idea to wash meats and poultry when preparing for cooking. Splashing water that might contain potentially hazardous bacteria around the kitchen can create more of a hazard if those bacteria are splashed onto ready-to-eat foods or food preparation surfaces.
It is, however, a good idea to wash fruits and vegetables before preparing and serving, especially if they're grown near or in the ground as they may carry some dirt and therefore micro-organisms.
This applies particularly to foods that will be prepared and eaten without further cooking. Consuming foods raw that traditionally have been eaten cooked or otherwise processed to kill pathogenic micro-organisms (potentially deadly to humans) might increase the risk of food poisoning.
Fruit, salad, vegetables and other ready-to-eat foods should be prepared separately, away from raw meat, chicken, seafood and other foods that need cooking.
Myth 3: Hot food should be left out to cool completely before putting it in the fridge
It's not OK to leave perishable food out for an extended time or overnight before putting it in the fridge.
Micro-organisms can grow rapidly in food at temperatures between 5° and 60°C. Temperature control is the simplest and most effective way of controlling the growth of bacteria. Perishable food should spend as little time as possible in the 5-60°C danger zone. If food is left in the danger zone, be aware it is potentially unsafe to eat.
Hot leftovers, and any other leftovers for that matter, should go into the fridge once they have stopped steaming to reduce condensation, within about 30 minutes.
Large portions of hot food will cool faster if broken down into smaller amounts in shallow containers. It is possible that hot food such as stews or soup left in a bulky container, say a two-litre mixing bowl (versus a shallow tray), in the fridge can take nearly 24 hours to cool to the safe zone of less than 5°C.
Myth 4: If it smells OK, then it's OK to eat
This is definitely not always true. Spoilage bacteria, yeasts and moulds are the usual culprits for making food smell off or go slimy and these may not make you sick, although it is always advisable not to consume spoiled food.
Pathogenic bacteria can grow in food and not cause any obvious changes to the food, so the best option is to inhibit pathogen growth by refrigerating foods.
Myth 5: Oil preserves food so it can be left at room temperature
Adding oil to foods will not necessarily kill bugs lurking in your food. The opposite is true for many products in oil if anaerobic micro-organisms, such as Clostridium botulinum (botulism), are present in the food. A lack of oxygen provides perfect conditions for their growth.
Outbreaks of botulism arising from consumption of vegetables in oil – including garlic, olives, mushrooms, beans and hot peppers – have mostly been attributed to the products not being properly prepared.
Vegetables in oil can be made safely. In 1991, Australian regulations stipulated that this class of product (vegetables in oil) can be safely made if the pH (a measure of acid) is less than 4.6. Foods with a pH below 4.6 do not in general support the growth of food-poisoning bacteria including botulism.
So keep food out of the danger zone to reduce your guests' risk of getting food poisoning this summer. Check out other food safety tips and resources from CSIRO and the Food Safety Information Council, including testing your food safety knowledge.
The vision for a boutique hotel at Austin's historic Commodore Perry Estate is poised to become a reality at last.
Local developers told the American-Statesman exclusively that the hotel, planned for the 10-acre gated compound at East 41st and Red River streets in Central Austin, will be a 53-room property to be operated by Auberge Resorts Collection.
The hotel, to be called Commodore Perry Estate, is due to break ground in early 2018 and open in mid-2019.
"Auberge has been selected to be a steward of the next chapter in the property's history," Craig Reid, Auberge's president and CEO and a former Austin resident, said in a written statement. "As we have with the other historic hotels in our collection, we will honor the architectural heritage of the estate while infusing it with the unique character that defines Austin."
The inn will be the latest addition to the portfolio of iconic hotels, resorts, residences and private clubs that Auberge owns and operates. Auberge has hotels and resorts in California's Napa Valley; Los Cabos, Mexico; Fiji; and Aspen, Colo.; among other places.
Read more about the plans for the Commodore Perry Estate on MyStatesman.
The moto-fanatics at Top Gear America are fed up with fuel-efficient cars that look like "lumps of cold mashed potatoes" and offer about that much excitement, so they're building a car that they say will get 70 mpg, do zero to 60 in a respectable 7 seconds and cost just $7,000.
"If we are going to stop terrorists, rebuild the polar bears' igloos and somehow turn on the global air conditioner, we're going to need much more impressive mileage and, more important, something that's actually worth driving," says David Coleman of Top Gear America.com.
No word yet on whether the car will cure cancer and bring world peace, but it's still early in the project.
Now the guys at Top Gear have access to some mighty impressive machinery, so what are they using as the basis for this project? You might be surprised to hear they'll work some magic on a - get ready for it - 1981 Volkswagen Rabbit diesel.
Huh?
The guys chose the Giorgetto Giugiaro-designed, American-made econobox after ruling out hybrids on account of battery costs and figuring that stuffing a diesel into, say, a DeTomaso Pantera or VW Scirocco would bust the budget. It also gives due respect to the company that arguably brought diesels into the mainstream when it introduced the first Rabbit diesel in 1978.
"Volkswagen is the only manufacturer truly tied to diesel in America, so there are many parts and engine swap possibilities to choose from," Jared Holstein, executive producer and editor of Top Gear.com America told Wired.com. "Besides you can take one look around online on Craigslist and find hundreds of people willing to let you have their VW Rabbit out of their garage and off their hands for nothing."
That's about what it cost them when they bought the car in New York City. Holstein has been working with the specialists at CWS Tuning in Saskatchewan to find just the right combination of performance parts to make their super fuel-efficient Frankenstein of a V-dub fun to drive.
The plan is to dump the Rabbit's anemic 90 horsepower four-banger in favor of a 130-horsepower turbocharged mill. Look for some slick aerodynamic tweaks - designed with help from UCLA aerodynamics professor John McNulty - that will include vortex generators and a flat undertray.
"We're a bunch of VW performance gurus, and we're getting pretty geeky," said Holstein. "Our goal is to show the world that this can be done for under $7,000 and that instead of buying a new fuel efficient car it is significantly more green to reuse an old car."
The only thing they need now is a cool name for the car. Help 'em out over at Top Gear America.com.
Photos: Top Gear America.com
Scholarship Entrant: Faith from Graysville, Alabama
Essay Question: If you could earn a living doing what you love most, what would it be, and how would it change the world? Describe the specific goals you would set to make that dream a reality.
Vote for Faith: [dot_recommends]
My name is Faith, and I am a quadriplegic. In spite of my disability, I would like to be a Forensic Psychologist and get my graduate degree in Forensic Psychology. I have been in touch with my local FBI headquarters, which is where I would like to work. I want to make the world a safer place for everyone and help those who cannot help themselves because of mental illness. Eventually, I would like to move on to criminal profiling and help track down people who are wanted by the FBI. I often joke about possibly doing undercover work as well, because who would suspect that the girl in the wheelchair is an FBI agent?
There are not enough disabled persons in the workforce, and I think I could change that. If I can do it and succeed in the end, there is no reason why others should not at least try and do the same. Also, my presence in the workforce could greatly help others overcome the stigma that unfortunately shrouds others with disabilities. If my coworkers see me doing the exact kind of work they do, they will see me as more of an equal, thus allowing my coworkers to treat myself and others without discrimination. If I start at the FBI and people hear of my success, I hope other companies will follow suit and see disabled persons for their true value, because our disabilities are just a part of us; they are not who we are.
Vote for Faith: [dot_recommends]
Commissioned work.-----------------The hive city of Praetoria is nothing but ruins now and its a victory for the Orks...Now to the technical side, so I spent a lot of time on this piece trying to fix the perspective, well at one point I lost interest in the illustration and by looking at it I could tell that the composition is off. I tried a lot to fix it without any success, until I sent the file to my friend asking him for some help, he tilted the canvas a little to the left.... and that alone gave a huge impact on the composition. LOL It's something I never thought of tbh. If not for that I would have deleted the file and started all over >_>I hope you like it,C&c are more than welcome
I've never been much of a skins guy when it comes to LoL. The thought of paying double the RP that it takes to unlock a champion just to make it look different never really appealed to me. For that reason I think I own maybe 2 skins. Every once in a while an artist will post a skin concept on reddit that absolutely blows my mind. The community is so full of creative, passionate, and talented artists that it seems like a waste for some of these concept skins to never make it off the page.
I realize that skins are one of the many things that makes Riot money. They have their own talented team of artists who make some awesome skins for us to enjoy. However I think there should be a way for serious artists from the LoL community to turn their concept art into skins that everyone can enjoy. I think it would be remarkable. I'm going to propose a few very high level concepts on how the system would work.
Official Riot Skin Editor Package
A lot of the crappy custom skins that people install themselves are just poor re-colorings. After all what else can you do when you don't really have access to any character info? To appeal to serious artists, Riot should release an official skin editor package. This would be a premium piece of software or file package that would give the artist full access to the character models and the ability to fully manipulate them. It would essentially be an editing suite that could be purchased for a decent price. The price of it would need to be steep enough to make it a serious investment for someone, a good profit for Riot, and discourage anyone not serious enough about creating skins from using it.
Project Submission
After an artist completes a skin they would need to package it according to Riot's guidelines and submit it to them. Skins would need to pass a review in order to qualify for the next step of the process. The review process is necessary to ensure no copyright issues, inappropriate material, or potential issues in terms of gameplay. After passing the review the artist would receive a notification that their skin is being placed into the Community Sourced pool.
Selection and Promotion
To prevent the store from flooding with community created skins, Riot selects X amount of skins per month to be released into the LoL Store. If an artist's skin is selected, they would receive a small percentage of the profit and credit for creating the skin. After a week, the skin would be removed from the store forever like the current limited edition skins are. This would prevent continued purchase of the skin and loss of profit from Riot produced skins.
Artist Benefits
Many artists do their work out of love and don't require any income to continue doing so. The idea of creating a custom skin for a champion you love and having the community eat it up is enough for most. The small profit from the skin sale would provide incentive for the time used on creating the skin, and if an artist had multiple skins selected the profit would eventually pay off the initial cost of the software. It boils down to pride and excitement that thousand of players is enjoying something you created.
Riot's Benefits
For a game that prides itself on response to community feedback, accepting fan submissions would be a huge + for Riot's image. With competitive pricing on the software, Riot would also be picking up a good amount of money from package sales. Also, since only a small % of the skin sales are actually going to artist they would receive a large majority of profits from the sales. Lastly, this “crowd sourcing” would increase the amount of skins being released in the marketplace and more than Riot itself is capable of producing.
Closing Comments
Obviously this is a very general model concept and there are a ton of holes when it comes to security and logistics. It's something the community has demanded time and time again and with some thought it's something I could potentially see working. I already have a long list of skins I would buy based on concept art. I'd love to hear your comments, criticisms, and thoughts on whether or not this is a plausible idea. Also feel free to post your favorite concept skins from the community! Below are some of my favorites.
Advertisements
Custer's Last Stand, 2012. David Levinthal.
David Levinthal has made a career of photographing toys and figurines, which isn't to say his work is all fun and games.
Levinthal embraces difficult subject matter displayed through toys, evidenced with his series Blackface and Hitler Moves East, and with his series, Wild West, which is currently on view at Baldwin Gallery in Colorado.
Untitled, 2012. David Levinthal.
Untitled, 2012. David Levinthal.
Wild West was started in the 1980s and, of all his series, it is the only one he has been compelled to revisit. He sees the call to return to this subject as a symptom of growing up in the 1950s when the West was such a prevalent iconography.
Some of the toys in the series belonged to Levinthal and his brothers when they were children, though he did purchase both new and vintage toys as well.
Untitled, 2012. David Levinthal.
Untitled, 2012. David Levinthal.
Untitled, 2012.
David Levinthal.
For his projects, Levinthal finds inspiration from movies and paintings. He writes via email, “For the Western series in particular I often referenced Remington and Russell paintings. John Ford's Western films were a big influence, especially The Searchers because of its beautiful use of color and the vast landscapes. I would often watch the film the night before going to the Polaroid studio for inspiration.”
Untitled, 2012.
David Levinthal.
Untitled, 2012.
David Levinthal.
Untitled, 2012. David Levinthal.
Untitled, 2012. David Levinthal.
The opposing forces of “cowboys and Indians” continue to provide a compelling mythology, one of the most simultaneously reviled and treasured creation stories of the United States. While toy production has become more about modern technology, somehow toy figurines of cowboys and Indians have endured. This, despite the illumination since the 1950s on the stereotypes and false history that the game promotes, which has not managed to affect the game's longevity—in a few months, a new version of The Lone Ranger will be released, starring Johnny Depp as Tonto.
Levinthal's work as a whole utilizes “… the visual memory of viewers to create a narrative” within his work.
He explains, “Currently I have been investigating historical moments, such as Custer's Last Stand, using new contemporary figurines, and other historical events, such as D-Day, which back in the early '70s was too ingrained in our visual memory to allow me the same freedom that I had dealing with the Eastern Front in World War II.”
Levinthal reminds us that these cultural, historical images, with all their stereotypes, exist—and still endure—as part of our common heritage.
U.S. Senator Ron Johnson (at right), a Wisconsin Republican in a tough re-election battle against Democrat Russ Feingold, used an appearance on Thursday to say the "higher education cartel" is raising prices and preventing reforms that would help college students learn at affordable prices.
He criticized accreditors and tenured professors for blocking reforms. He said that he favored "certification," in which people could demonstrate competency or skills in certain areas through testing rather than earning degrees. (The University of Wisconsin is a leader in competency-based education, in which students earn degrees sometimes in ways similar to the path Johnson suggested.)
Johnson also said the education system could become much more affordable by changing the role of instruction.
"We've got the internet -- you have so much information available. Why do you have to keep paying different lecturers to teach the same course? You get one solid lecturer and put it up online and have everybody available to that knowledge for a whole lot cheaper? But that doesn't play very well to tenured professors in the higher education cartel. So again, we need disruptive technology for our higher education system," he said.
Johnson added, "One of the examples I always used -- if you want to teach the Civil War across the country, are you better off having, I don't know, tens of thousands of history teachers that kind of know the subject, or would you be better off popping in 14 hours of Ken Burns's Civil War tape and then have those teachers proctor based on that excellent video production already done? You keep duplicating that over all these different subject areas."
Audio of the senator's appearance on WisPolitics may be found here. The section on higher education starts around the 28-minute mark.
Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, which has organized faculty members in Wisconsin, issued a statement criticizing Johnson while also praising Ken Burns.
“Leave it to someone from a party led by a reality TV star to confuse videotape with the learning experience of a classroom,” she said. “What Ron Johnson doesn't get is that education happens when teachers can listen to students and engage them to think for themselves -- and that can include using Ken Burns's masterful work. But this is typical for a party with an education agenda as out-of-date as Johnson's Blockbuster Video card.”
Special Is OVER – PRICE IS NOW $9.97 USD
If you made the decision to begin living your life gluten-free, it may have been because you were diagnosed with celiac disease or a wheat allergy.
Or, maybe you did it, just because you want to experience the benefits that people, like yourself, have found they get from totally cutting wheat and other gluten producing grains out of their diets.
They've gone gluten free and are experiencing tremendous reported benefits because they have done just that!
It's really not easy to do, but, magazines and news reports in the last year or two have been full of stories about the very positive benefits individuals like you and me have had because they made a quality-of-life decision to go gluten-free.
Positive benifits like:
Having more energy and just generally feeling better,
Clearing up your complexion, and
Painlessly beginning to lose weight fast,
are among the many benefits commonly being reported in the news media today.
And the benefits are not just confined to world-class or Olympic athletes. Almost everybody who goes gluten-free experiences some sort of positive benefit to their lives… It may have been something as simple as those unexplained headaches go away… Or the aches and pains that you normally experience in day-to-day life reduce in intensity or vanish… Or maybe you just plain sleep better at night.
Whatever the benefits that you would experience personally might be, the beneficial results that one individual after another receives by cutting wheat and related grains from their diets is beginning to make quite a case for the thought that perhaps everybody might want to seriously consider going gluten-free.
I'm Pat Yarbrough and I'm a cofounder of the ElegantlyGlutenFree.com website and a celiac disease sufferer myself. I've published 3 books to date and, in the last week, I've released the second edition of my third book, “Eating & Living Gluten-Free… The Official Guide.”
The new edition of my book contains just about everything from my first two books plus it has been updated and expanded. It covers:
How I successfully set up my kitchen and pantry in a mixed gluten environment household. When I discovered how to do this, my gluten reactions became almost a thing of the past;
Introduction to meal planning, which not only explains how to do effective and efficient meal planning, but it also includes an already prepared full week (7 full days) meal plan as a bonus. I save money and inconvenience when I do my meal planning properly;
Gluten-free kids of all ages, including babies and toddlers, and how to deal with them in a variety of common situations. Plus, I discuss how I think you should deal with schools and governmental agencies and other organizational entities, roommates, renters, relatives and siblings. This whole area is a maze of red tape, traps and easy to avoid mistakes. Find out how I think you can avoid the major pitfalls;
The latest science and the literally “world-famous” Consensus Report. This is sure to satisfy the most demanding techno-geek among us;
My story which now includes previously unpublished facts about what I went through when I was first diagnosed with celiac disease; Discover how I successfully survive and even thrived through the years in spite of having celiac disease!
Safe Foods Lists… You will get, first hand, the results of all my research and trial and error.
Reprints of important posts from the ElegantlyGlutenFree.com website of “Gluten Intolerance, a Silent and Vicious Killer. Discover why this disease can be life-threatening.” “Gluten Related Disorders – a General Discussion. My husband Al, a graduate biologist, explains what's in the Consensus report in plain, ordinary American English so you can understand what it's about and figure out how it affects you!” “How to Quick Start Your New Gluten-Free Life. If you are newly diagnosed or have challenges that you just can't get past, then this report will definitely help you accelerate your learning curve about living gluten-free.”
The new edition is available both in PDF format. It's originally priced at $12.97 but for the remainder of the entire month of February, 2014, you can buy either a Kindle copy or a PDF copy of the new edition of “Eating and Living Gluten-Free… The Official Guide” at an introductory price of more than a 60% discount for $x.xx.
Want to find out more? Then, <Click here > to get your .PDF copy to check it out today… It's guaranteed so you have no risk.
NOTE: Kindle Version No Longer Available…
The Conservative Party is in crisis – and does not know it. When David Cameron became leader in December 2005, the movement was engaged in a serious argument about its identity, its appeal, its trajectory, and its correct position in the early 21st-century political firmament. That argument now seems a distant memory and most Conservatives seem happy for it to remain so.
It has become orthodox to regard early Cameroon “modernisation” – re-branding, husky-hugging, a proud commitment to international development and fashionable greenery – as a closed chapter. All the logos, photo-ops and faddish images were (so the orthodoxy continues) an adrenalin shot that “detoxified” the Conservative Party, but a strategy rendered utterly obsolete by the credit crunch and finally laid to rest by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008. An era of austerity and serious economics had dawned: it was time for senior Tories to put their ties back on and hand back the recycled trainers.
At the heart of this orthodoxy are two errors. The first is intellectual: the perception of modernisation as a distinct, time-limited process, rather than a permanent state of mind. The second is historical: a convenient amnesia about the long years of effort, fitful progress and painful setbacks for those who preceded Cameron as modernisers of the party.
To address the second error first: what has become known as Conservative modernisation was spawned not in Notting Hill after the 2005 election defeat but in a suite of offices in Queen Anne's Gate before the 1997 Labour landslide. There, in the home of the Social Market Foundation, three young centre-Right policy wonks – Daniel Finkelstein, Rick Nye and Andrew Cooper – began to ask where the Tories were going wrong and what needed to be done to prepare the party for its millennial challenges. What Finkelstein, Nye and Cooper – encouraged by David Willetts – quickly grasped was that the Conservative Party was perceived by the voters as indifferent or even hostile to public services.
More profoundly, they realised that the public had become so deeply suspicious of Tory motives that the party's association with a proposal, however sensible, activated alarm bells in the voters' minds and made them sceptical. A painful conclusion followed: that to win again, the Conservatives would have to change the way they communicated, the way they did business, the language they used, the way they were. This was not a PR speed-bump, but an ontological crisis: the problem was not Tory policies, but the Tories themselves.
Finkelstein went on to work for William Hague, who was – initially – an enthusiastic and formidable spokesman for this new analysis. In his first conference speech as party leader, Hague demanded a Conservatism that “believes freedom doesn't stop at the shop counter…that listens, that has compassion at its core”. This was not, he insisted, just a question of image, as so many critics of modernisation have argued before and since. “Compassion is not a bolt-on extra to Conservatism,” Hague declared. “It's at its very core.”
Yet, thrown by his failure to make electoral ground, and fearful of antagonising the Conservative core vote, Hague switched mid-term to a much more aggressive and demotic Toryism that the Blairites found all too easy to caricature as “skinhead conservatism”. The battle to succeed him in 2001 was one of the ugliest such contests of recent decades: Michael Portillo – now returned to the Commons and standing as the ultra-moderniser candidate – offered an uncompromising choice to his party: adapt or die. Iain Duncan Smith, mocking Portillo's “pashmina politics” and dismissing Ken Clarke's Europhilia, emerged the unexpected victor.
After IDS's abrupt defenestration in 2003, Michael Howard became leader by acclamation and – like Hague before him – declared initial enthusiasm for the modernisers' analysis. At the Saatchi Gallery in October 2003, he promised a Conservatism “broad in appeal and generous in outlook”, a party that would “preach a bit less and listen a bit more”, and “a new kind of politics” characterised by “rigorous honesty, measured criticism, realistic alternatives”.
But – like Hague – Howard did not (or could not) stick with it. By the 2005 general election, with the political strategist Lynton Crosby at his side, he was blowing the “dog whistle” on immigration and asylum as the party trudged towards its third successive heavy defeat. If there is a lesson in this brief history, it is that Tory modernisation is an easy cause to embrace, and a very hard one to stay true to.
The mood changed, at least for a while, after the 2005 election. Humbled by Blair's hat-trick, the activists grasped that shock therapy was called for. At the party's conference in Blackpool, Francis Maude showed them what he called his “killer slide”: polling evidence revealing that public support for a proposal halved when respondents were told it was a Tory policy. In other words, the Conservative brand was so contaminated that it drove voters away from otherwise sound policy positions. Voters, it seems, share Blake's opinion: “A truth that's told with bad intent,/ Beats all the lies you can invent.”
After two years of systematic modernisation, Cameron realised immediately and correctly that the Crash would transform the rules of the game. Having promised initially to match Labour spending, he now decided upon unvarnished candour about the scale of the economic problem. Against the entreaties of some of his advisers, the Tory leader began to speak of the “age of austerity” and the necessary pain that this would entail.
The error was not the decision to speak reasonably openly about the difficulties that lay ahead. The error was to behave as if the season of modernisation was over, a prelapsarian age with little to teach the party in darker times. In fact, the coming austerity made it more important than ever that the party be trusted, that its priorities were seen to be decent, that it was perceived to champion the needs of the whole population. Far from consigning modernisation to irrelevance, Cameron and co should have deepened their commitment to the project that had ensured his triumph in the leadership contest and defined his first years at the party's helm.
Precisely because the modernisation process was stalled when it was – at best – half-complete, the voters were still unsure about the Tories on May 6, 2010. The party failed to win an outright majority principally because its “detoxification” was not yet finished. It is remarkable how contentious this psephological reality remains in some Tory circles. But no alternative verdict can survive a reading of – for example – Dennis Kavanagh and Philip Cowley's The British General Election of 2010, Michael Ashcroft's Minority Verdict, and the work of Tim Bale of Sussex University.
Why does lingering toxicity matter so deeply? First, because modern politics is as much about motive as it is about competence or objective metrics. The rise of behavioural economics and of “right-side” analysis of the brain has disclosed the role played by concepts, perception, caprice and what Keynes called “animal spirits” in the way we take decisions. The Tory party's perceived past requires that it always explain, to the electorate's satisfaction, why it is doing what it is doing. Spending cuts; free schools; welfare reform; private sector tendering for NHS work: the question is always “why?” To improve the service, to save money, to cut their friends' taxes, to scratch an ideological itch? Or something else?
Of course, there continue to be moments when Cameron sounds like the persuasive moderniser that he once was and perhaps – at heart – still is. His championship of gay marriage and of the ring-fenced international development budget doubtless baffles Tories who regard both as (at best) distractions and (at worst) betrayals of true Conservatism. But it is at such moments that he sounds like the leader of a generation rather than of a doctrinal group: a generation shaped by Live Aid and the diversity of modern society, as well as by Thatcherism and the fall of the Berlin Wall.
It is also much to the PM's credit that he devoted a section of his 2012 conference speech to the core argument he had advanced seven years before as a leadership contender. “It's not enough to know our ideas are right,” he said. “We've got to explain why they are compassionate, too.” A booming private sector is the greatest foe of unemployment; a traditionalist education is the best chance a child born into poverty has of escaping it; welfare dependency is a fiscal crisis, yes, but the best reason to end it is that it demeans its victims.
In general, however, the global financial crisis has had a stultifying effect upon Conservative discourse. It has restored to respectability the myth that politics is really a branch of economics; the myth that confuses the complex, multi-faceted voter – who contains multitudes – with that predictable two-dimensional creature, homo economicus. The risk is one of “ideological creep”: when an entirely practical mission to improve the lot of Britons in 2012 and beyond starts to acquire a doctrinal veneer, and to look like the work of Tory Jacobites, ideological restorationists determined to continue the “unfinished revolution” of the 1980s.
There was a time when patrician responsibility animated the Conservative will to power. Its place has been taken by ideology: a simmering brew of Friedman, Hayek and a bit of Burke for old time's sake. If modernisation has a central purpose, it is to remind the party that ideology is never enough. Those afflicted by doctrinal certainty are generally impervious to what people think of them. Indeed, they often interpret hostility as a paradoxical proof of their rectitude. In this respect, the Right has borrowed the old Left's idea of “false consciousness”: the electorate only think that they want extensive welfare and health provision. They only need to be awakened.
The humility that the modernisers urged upon the Tory party is in full retreat. The modernising cause has few advocates in the commentariat. The web and social media emphasise polarisation and amplify strong opinion. Digitalisation has helped Conservatives to connect with each other, but not necessarily to connect with anyone else. The Coalition, meanwhile, has bred resentment among Tories and a sense that the Lib Dems, rather than keeping the party in power with a healthy majority, are petulantly obstructing true Conservatism.
The shelving of the modernisation campaign was the worst strategic error made by the Conservative Party since the poll tax. It undid the work of many years and has left the party seriously vulnerable at the next election. The rise of Ukip adds to the gravitational pull in precisely the wrong direction: towards cacophonous irrelevance.
Self-evidently, modernisation in government cannot be the same as it was in opposition. Those who sneered at glaciers, hoody-hugging and home turbines have little to worry about. But the principles are the same. As The Spectator's James Forsyth has put it, one of the challenges for a contemporary Tory government is “applying Right-wing thinking to traditionally Left-wing areas”.
A modernising Prime Minister gives his party a vote but not a veto: he respects his tribe but puts his country first. He confronts remorselessly and fearlessly the anxieties that the voters feel about him, his party and their own futures. He cherishes tradition but he embraces the contemporary with relish rather than a shudder. He is wary of his comfort zone, for time there is wasted.
And time is short. The electoral perceptions that will shape the next election result are well on the way to full formation. Cameron's Tories did not secure the majority they so badly wanted in 2010 and – realistically – have one more shot, in 2015. In politics, as in life, the difference between success and failure can be paper-thin.
Towards the end of Easy Rider, Wyatt famously says to Billy: “We blew it.” Did they? It's a question that sooner or later every generation must ask itself. For Cameron, that moment is perilously close.
This is an edited version of Matthew d'Ancona's chapter in 'Tory Modernisation 2.0: the future of the Conservative Party', which is being published by Bright Blue on January 16; www.brightblueonline.com
Photo Photo Ailes
By William K. Alcorn
WARREN — Roger Ailes, chairman of Fox News and former Republican presidential campaign insider, says Democratic President-elect Barack Obama has inherited bigger challenges than any incoming president in history.
The major issues, as Ailes sees them, are: political and economic division of the citizenry; military challenges around the world; and “unbelievable” economic pressures.
“At the same time, they give him his greatest opportunities,” Ailes said of Obama.
The president-elect has to remind Americans that America is exceptional, said Ailes, a 1958 graduate of Warren G. Harding High School.
“We have fed more people and freed more people than any country in history. Obama needs to focus Americans on personal responsibility,” he said, talking informally with a dozen of his 1958 Harding classmates, including this writer, Monday afternoon.
Ailes said he met for an hour with Obama and found him bright and consistently liberal.
“If he [Obama] wants to bring the nation together, as he says, now is the time to reach out” to other viewpoints, Ailes said.
Ailes, a personal friend of conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh's, admitted he is disappointed that a conservative did not win the White House. He said he thought GOP candidate John McCain had a chance until the economic collapse. After that, the outcome of the election was inevitable, he said.
He doubts that the economic free fall has hit bottom. He said his boss, Rupert Murdoch, chairman of News Corporation and Fox Broadcasting, thinks “we have a couple of years of tough sledding ahead.”
Ailes, who says he has been out of politics for 20 years, was the communications and media consultant for the successful campaigns of GOP Presidents Nixon, Reagan, George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush.
He returned home to be the keynote speaker at the dedication this morning of the new Trumbull County Veterans' Memorial on the west side of Courthouse Square in downtown Warren. The unveiling of the memorial, which contains the statue of a life-sized Marine atop a 6-foot limestone base, is at 11 a.m.
The Western Reserve Veteran's Memorial Association and the business and civic group Trumbull 100 raised $446,000 for the memorial through donations, a state grant and the sale of bricks on a wall recognizing local veterans, including an unspecified gift from Ailes.
Ailes said he was moved to support the memorial by the memory of his best boyhood friend, Douglas M. Webster, a Navy pilot killed in a training accident during the Vietnam War. Webster died Dec. 5, 1965, at 24, when his A-4 Skyhawk fell off an elevator on the side of the USS Ticonderoga aircraft carrier into water 3 miles deep off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan.
Webster, who grew up on Edgewood Street Northeast, graduated in 1959 from Harding, where he was vice president of his class. He graduated in 1964 from The Ohio State University, where he was co-captain of the gymnastics team.
“We went downtown to join the Marine Corps, but the recruiting office was closed,” Ailes said of himself and Webster.
So, they turned to the Air Force.
“Both of us wanted to fly, but my eyes were bad. He got in, I didn't. I guess there is a certain amount of survivor guilt there,” he said.
Ailes spent some time driving around Warren on Monday, visiting the areas where he grew up and where his grandparents had lived. He said it was “heartbreaking” to drive through the city's downtown and see all the stores and theaters gone. The only thing left is the Saratoga Restaurant, he said.
He did, however, take his 8-year-old son, Zach, to the Hot Dog Shoppe on West Market, as promised, and found the place crowded and the hot dogs as he remembered them.
Ailes, who has a great memory, reminisced with his classmates about teachers and classes, and some of the fun they had going to school and living in Warren.
He got his start in entertainment in the drama club at Harding.
“I liked to get out of class and I wasn't a great athlete. That left the theater,” said Ailes, who starred in productions of “Mister Roberts” and “A Man Called Peter,” among others.
After graduating from Ohio University, Ailes landed a job on the “Mike Douglas Show,” then broadcast out of Cleveland. He later became a media consultant for Republican candidates, and then moved back into television news in recent years.
Ailes admits he is not always well-liked.
He thinks journalists are biased and criticized the lack of depth of reporting on both candidates during the campaign. He thinks “we're in a little bit of trouble because of the public educational system.”
“I stand up for what I believe. I don't back off. I've been that way for 40 years. That's the secret to my success. I have thick skin. I don't care what people say about me,” he said.
“I defend the United States, Israel and the Constitution. That's when I get my death threats,” he said.
Letting his feelings show about America, he said: “We're not a perfect nation. But the question is, if the U.S. is destroyed, what would the world be like?”
Gene Fowler, who lived on Clermont Northeast growing up, was one of the people who visited with Ailes on Monday. Fowler said he and Ailes became good friends at McKinley School and were in Boy Scout Troop 5 together at the school.
“When we were in the first or second grade, Roger took me to the neighborhood Isaly's Dairy and bought me my first malt,” Fowler said.
Betty Cecconi Fluharty sat in front of Ailes in a ninth-grade civics class at Turner. “He told me one day he was going to be president of the United States. He didn't make it, but he probably has a better job now anyway,” she said.
alcorn@vindy.com
The Democratic race is just about over. Bernie Sanders won Indiana Tuesday night, but essentially split the delegates with Hillary Clinton, who now has 92 percent of the delegates she needs for the nomination.
But Sanders told "CBS Evening News" anchor Scott Pelley he's not going anywhere -- he's staying in the race until the very end.
Bernie Sanders wins Indiana primary
SCOTT PELLEY: Senator Sanders, let me begin by acknowledging that I was dead wrong. After our interview I suggested that New Hampshire would be your last victory party, and you've had 17 victory parties since then. But if I was wrong then, isn't the party over now?
BERNIE SANDERS: Well, I really don't think so. I think we have a path toward victory. I admit that it is a narrow path. But we think everybody in this country -- people in California, in Kentucky, in West Virginia -- have a right to determine who they wanna see as President of the United States and what kind of agenda they want the Democratic Party to have. So we're gonna fight, Scott, for the very last vote that we can get.
PELLEY: Is defeating Trump the Democrats' highest priority?
SANDERS: Absolutely. I think that Mr. Trump would be a disaster for this country.
PELLEY: But are you now standing in the way of defeating Donald Trump?
Hillary Clinton wants to deal with Donald Trump, but Bernie Sanders is in the way
SANDERS: No, on the contrary. Look, my candidacy, what we call the political revolution, has energized millions and millions of people -- working people, young people. And the way Democrats win elections is when the voter turnout is high, when people are excited. And that's what we are doing.
PELLEY: To those who say that Secretary Clinton's delegate lead is insurmountable, you say what?
SANDERS: I say that we have a narrow path. It's a tough hill to climb. I acknowledge that. But I think we have a shot. A lot of the superdelegates, I hope that they will listen to the people in their state and say, "Hey, we delivered for Bernie with landslide numbers. You, as superdelegates, have gotta listen to us."
PELLEY: But Secretary Clinton has won, by far, the largest number of votes. How do you convince the superdelegates that they should go your way?
SANDERS: I think we make the case that ... if you look at virtually all of the polling nationally and in battleground states, Bernie Sanders does much better against Donald Trump than does Hillary Clinton.
PELLEY: Do we have your word, in this interview, that you're not gonna drop out before the Democratic Convention?
SANDERS: Absolutely. We have made that commitment. I'm gonna be in it until the last vote is cast.
On Friday, Derrick Stafford finished testifying on the fifth day of his trial in Marksville. Stafford is one of the two deputy Ward 2 city marshals accused of the murder of 6-year-old Jeremy Mardis and the attempted murder of his father Chris Few in November 2015.
Derrick Stafford (3/15/17) KALB
"It makes me feel horrible," Stafford said, referring to that night. "I have children the same age."
In regards to Chris Few, he said, "I was defending fellow officers."
Stafford's attorneys asked him to give some background on where he grew up and family. He said, "we're close," and discussed work history.
"I wanted to go into the military and follow in my father's footsteps," Stafford said. Instead, he chose law enforcement. Prior to becoming an officer, Stafford worked at the VA and with Pinecrest.
He also talked about his wife and three young children.
"I have a great relationship with my children," he said. "I try to be a supportive father."
His children don't know about shooting.
In 2005, Stafford took a civil service exam and joined the Cheneyville PD, but said he didn't like it because all he did was give tickets.
Stafford left Cheneyville PD and signed up for Acadiana Police Academy. It's a 10-week course with extensive training.
Stafford became POST certified and joined Marksville PD. In total, he has 12 years law enforcement experience.
He then talked about weapons, "The vehicle...anything can be turned into a weapon."
At the time of the shooting, Stafford was working four law enforcement related jobs. He said that Ward 2 had NO QUOTA that he knew of.
Referring to vehicle pursuits, he said, "First and foremost we have to keep the public safe. Second, officer safety. Third, try to end pursuit safely."
The defense asked Stafford why he fired his weapon.
"When I exited the vehicle, Few put his vehicle in reverse," Stafford said. "He backed it right into Greenhouse's vehicle. He (Few) put it back in drive. We were giving loud verbal commands - stop your vehicle, put your hands up. Few looked back at us. He put his vehicle in reverse. I had no choice but to save Norris. It's the only reason I fired my weapon."
"I never knew a child was in the vehicle until Mr. Brouilette said so," Stafford continued. "Never in a million years did I know a child was in that vehicle. I would have called off the pursuit myself. That is the truth."
The state began to cross-examine Stafford. John Sinquefield asked about Greenhouse knowing Megan Dixon. Stafford said it was never discussed.
Stafford went over the pursuit again. He said the original plan was to try to box Few in, couldn't pull it off because couldn't get around Few.
He said 3 things could happen at the dead end: Few would give up, Few would run or Few would ambush the officers. He thought last two could happen most.
"I believed Few was using his vehicle as a dangerous weapon to hurt one of us." Stafford explained "As I shot, I backpedalled for safety. I never saw his hands go up."
Stafford said he never had intentions of killing Few, explaining police training, "We are taught to stop the threat."
John Sinquefield started getting combative with questions, asking compound questions, which is not allowed. The defense shouted mistrial twice.
"The only person who knew a child was in that car was his father," Stafford said.
Sinquefield told Stafford up until that point, Few only had misdemeanors. Stafford said no, and listed a series of felonies Few committed.
Sinquefield asked why Stafford didn't talk the night of the shooting. Stafford said State Police wanted him to wait for two sleep cycles, which is standard.
Then, Sinquefield handed Stafford a photo of Jeremy dead, saying, "Does that show you what a 40 caliber does?"
At this point, Stafford cried heavily on the stand.
Next, Goins asked about the MLK area being dangerous. Stafford mentioned the shooting that happened on Wednesday this week.
Goins brought up Parnell's testimony and how he didn't see Few's hands up either. Stafford agreed.
"It made me think of my kids," Stafford said of the shooting. "You want to know how I feel? It makes me feel like s**t. He was a kid."
When asked why he didn't render any aid, Stafford replied, "I was in complete shock."
---
Near 4 p.m. on Friday, the defense rested its case and the state will not call rebuttal witnesses.
Closing arguments are about to begin.
---
Around 4:30, The state wrapped closing arguments in the Derrick Stafford trial, saying: "What we have is a case of a ticking time bomb."
For the notes from the previous days of the trial, see the Related Links section of the page.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Things are not looking good for Glenn Beck and FNC. Not only have over 200 advertisers left Beck, and the network has been reduced to virtually giving away his ad time, but Fox News viewers are leaving his show in droves. Since January, Beck has lost 33% of his audience, or roughly 1.4 million daily viewers. The worst news for Beck is that this has been a steady erosion, and the viewers are not coming back.
Beck was averaging over 3 million total viewers a week in late 2009. He remained strong after the Doug Hoffman debacle in the NY-23 special House election, so what happened? How did he go from averaging 3 million viewers a day to pulling an all-time low for him last week of 1.87 million viewers? Eric Boehlert of Media Matters thinks that the answer can be found in the Eric Massa interview. Beck drew 3.4 million viewers for Massa, and has not come close to touching that number since.
However, even before the Massa disaster, Beck was starting to slide. He had gone from 3 million viewers a day to 2.6 million viewers a day before he became infamous for hosting a former congressman who discussed tickle fights. Since Massa, Beck has lost an additional 400,000 viewers in about six weeks. It is clear that the Massa interview hurt, but there is also more going on here. I think the root cause of Glenn Beck's demise is much simpler. He decided that he wanted to be taken seriously as a political voice, and stop trying to entertain.
While Beck was unveiling his plan from God on his radio show on April 20, he said something interesting, “When we were, and I've never told this story before, when we were starting the TV show, there were things that I did that I wouldn't do now because I had to be more of an entertainer to get people to go what is this show at five o'clock? I never said anything I didn't believe, but I may have said things in an entertaining fashion.”
The problem is that Beck's viewers wanted to be entertained. Without the goofy, borderline train wreck television, his show has become repetitive and boring. You can take any segment and interchange it with another from the last four months and they will look the same. Without the entertainment value, there is nothing special about Glenn Beck's program. By the way, I think much of the predictability of his program comes from the fact that every episode is scripted and rehearsed. His show contains no possibility for the surprise live moment.
Viewers have discovered that Beck is not everyday must see viewing. In response to his drop in ratings the old shock jock has gone more right wing. Lately God, government conspiracies, and black helicopter new world order stuff have been topics of conversation. Like the boy who cried wolf, Beck could only scream about the demise of America under Obama for so long, before his gloom and doom predictions start to fall on deaf ears. The reality is that none of the horrible things that he predicted under Obama have happened. Republicans may detest Obama, but they realize that the sun is still rising and setting even if he is president.
Glenn Beck is still pulling huge ratings for a 5 pm cable news show, but Fox News has a real problem. According to the new April ratings, Glenn Beck lost 7% of his total viewers, and 6% in the demo. The Fox News network averages 1.92 million viewers, which means that by the numbers Beck has gone from a superstar to having an average FNC show, and I don't think Beck is done declining yet. What is the network going to do when he becomes a below average Fox News program that has the added hindrance of generating little revenue? If Beck drops to 1.5 total viewers or lower, it would become a smart business decision for Fox to replace him. Glenn Beck enjoyed a meteoric rise, and now he is in the middle of a fast plummet back to earth.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
“Alter kockers like big knockers,” drag queen Kylie Minono lip-synchs to an old novelty record hit — “Boobs!” — by late cabaret singer Ruth Wallis.
Playing up her own ample assets, she adds, “This goes over great in Israel!”
Minono was performing in the latest edition of Mazel Top, a comedy hour or dance party or semi-Jewish gathering — it's not easy to label — that has been taking place regularly at a San Francisco nightclub since last year.
One thing is for sure: The event is aimed toward gay Jews, and not many gets held back.
Minono, who described herself as “one-quarter Jewish,” was the hostess for the March 3 event at Oasis, a 15-month-old gay bar and drag club. She wore a bright floral dress, complete with a petticoat and lots of cleavage.
The event subtitle was “Such a Punim,” and its poster featured an ugly black-and-white Boston terrier wearing a pink “Shayna Punim” dog shirt.
In March 2015, Mazel Top went with a Purim theme, and its poster included an image of a nude man with a large prune hamantaschen covering his private area, with “Eat my hamantaschen” written on it. A slogan was also included: “Jewish boys to take home … but NOT to momma.”
Other Mazel Tops included “Hanu-con,” where attendees were provided with blue and white Santa hats. For Passover last year, Jewish go-go dancers wore jockstraps adorned with lamb images.
Geoffrey Benjamin, an owner of Oasis and the creator of Mazel Top, said in an interview that he designed the event to be authentic to “who I am and what I was going to enjoy.”
He opened the club with three business partners on Dec. 31, 2014, and many credits it for breathing life into a San Francisco gay scene that has been somewhat dominated by a handful of leather bars. Oasis' focus is on original parties and shows that often have a drag component.
Benjamin was raised Jewish on New York's Upper West Side and came to San Francisco by way of Chicago 23 years ago. He and his husband, Craig, have two adopted children, a 10-year-old son and 12-year-old daughter. The family attends Congregation Sha'ar Zahav, San Francisco's historically gay and lesbian synagogue. “My husband I have raised our children at Sha'ar Zahav, where my daughter will become a bat mitzvah this May,” he said.
Benjamin said he “likes creating community,” including in his past work running nonprofits. He was acting chief operating officer for ORAM, an S.F.-based nonprofit that advocates for refugees who have fled their countries because of persecution based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Before that, he led a nonprofit that facilitates access to arts programs for young people who are or have been incarcerated.
He said he's also been involved with Jewish organizations, working with Keshet, Sha'ar Zahav and the S.F.-based Jewish Community Federation.
“Community” was a recurring theme in many of Benjamin's responses, and it's something he thinks about a lot when creating programs for Oasis. Asked about the genesis of Mazel Top, he said although he'd found a fairly robust gay Jewish community in San Francisco, “I had not been to a [Jewish] party that I really liked.”
So he created a “fun, cute, gay Jewish night.”
After attending a Mazel Top event last year, San Francisco resident Timothy Dean Cochran said, “Those boys were hot!” Though he isn't Jewish, Cochran said Mazel Top provides him “a welcoming atmosphere with hot guys who you may or may not want to bring home to meet your mother.”
Then he added, with a laugh, “What can I say, I'm a sucker for a guy with a big … nose.”
Mazel Top had been running as a monthly event, but it has switched to quarterly; the next edition will be in July. Unrelated to the schedule shift, Benjamin noted that the San Francisco gay Jewish community is not as tight-knit as it used to be.
“Now Keshet's growing, and with other synagogues being so accepting … in some ways, I miss when we were all in one place [Sha'ar Zahav], when there was one place in town,” he said. But “I think it's a wonderful development.”
A little teaser promo from RetroTV:
Thanks to @GlitchyParadox for the catch.
================================================================
Well, this came out of the blue:
Retro TV Adds Cult Classic Mystery Science Theater 3000
Chattanooga, Tenn. (March 25, 2014) – Luken Communications is proud to announce the long-awaited return of Mystery Science Theater 3000 to television on Retro TV.
A cult favorite since its inception in 1988 as a cable-access show, Mystery Science Theater 3000 follows a man (played first by series creator Joel Hodgson, then head writer Mike Nelson) forced by a mad scientist to watch the most terrible movies ever produced. To stay sane, he and his robot sidekicks (Tom Servo, voiced by Kevin Murphy and Crow T. Robot, voiced by Trace Beaulieu) provide a hilarious running commentary making fun of the film.
Mystery Science Theater 3000 ran for 11 years, spawned a feature film, won a Peabody Award, was nominated for two Emmy Awards (for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Writing for a Variety or Music Program), was nominated for a CableACE Award, and was recently named the #4 Best Cult TV Show Ever by Entertainment Weekly.
Matthew Golden, Luken's Vice President of Production, said “We are absolutely thrilled to return Mystery Science Theater 3000 to the airwaves. With its marriage of sharp humor and vintage films, MST3k is tailor-made for Retro TV, and our audience will fall in love with it all over again.”
Mystery Science Theater 3000 will make its Retro TV debut in the “not-too-distant future”: Saturday, July 5th, 2014.
Luken Communications is a Chattanooga, TN-based broadcast group with networks including Retro TV, The Heartland Network, The Family Channel, PBJ, Frost Great Outdoors and TUFF TV. Luken Communications offers diverse, family-friendly programming on its networks reaching approximately 80 percent of all U.S. households via a blend of over-the-air, cable and satellite television. For more information about Retro TV, please visit www.WatchRetroTV.com or www.facebook.com/WatchRetroTV.
The National Institute of Information and Communications Technology, Panasonic Corporation and Hiroshima University announced the development of a terahertz (THz) transmitter. The new transmitter uses a single channel in the 300-GHz band and is able to transmit digital data at a rate higher than 100 gigabits (0.1 terabit) per second.
This technology allows data rates at least 10 times faster than that offered by the fifth-generation mobile networks (5G), which are expected to become available around 2020. A paper describing the new technology will be presented at the International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC), which will be held in San Francisco, California from February 5 to February 9, 2017.
It is expected that the THz band, a new and vast frequency resource, will be used for future ultra-high speed wireless communications. The research team has developed a transmitter that uses the frequency range from 290 GHz to 315 GHz and reaches a communication speed of 105 gigabits per second. Although this range of frequencies is currently unallocated, it falls within the frequency range from 275 GHz to 450 GHz. This range's usage will be discussed at the World Radiocommunication Conference (WRC) 2019 under the International Telecommunication Union Radiocommunication Section (ITU-R).
The researchers demonstrated last year that using quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM) greatly enhances the speed of a wireless link in the 300-GHz band. This year, they're exceeding 100 gigabits per second for the first time with an integrated circuit based transmitter, showing a six times higher per-channel data rate. The complete content of a DVD can be transferred in a fraction of a second at this data rate.
Professor Minoru Fujishima from the Graduate School of Advanced Sciences of Matter, Hiroshima University explained that this year, the team developed a transmitter that has 10 times more transmission power than the previous version had. This enabled them to achieve a per-channel data rate above 100 Gbit/s at 300 GHz.
Fujishima added that wireless data rates are normally measured in megabits per second or gigabits per second. This new development means however that the rate is now close to terabits per second using a simple single communication channel. With fiber optics enabling ultra-high speed wired links, wireless links have been left far behind. Terahertz could also be used as ultra-high speed links to satellites, which can only be wireless. That could also significantly boost in-flight network connection speeds.
Prof. Fujishima also noted that there are many possible applications for the new technology, including ultrafast wireless links between base stations and fast download from content servers to mobile devices.
An exciting new possibility that will be made possible by terahertz wireless is high data rate minimum latency communications. As optical fibers are made of glass, the speed of light slows down in fibers. This means that fiber optics is not adequate for applications requiring real-time responses. Currently, it is a choice between ‘minimum latency' (microwave links) and ‘high data rate' (fiber optics). It is simply not possible to have them both. With terahertz wireless however, light speed minimum latency links supporting fiber optic data rates will become possible. The group plans to develop 300-GHz ultrahigh-speed wireless circuits further.
Gillette Cavalcade of Sports Also known as Cavalcade of Sports (1942–1946; as radio program) Genre Sports anthology series Presented by Bob Stanton
Ray Forrest
Jimmy Powers Theme music composer Mahlon Merrick Opening theme "Look Sharp/Be Sharp March" Country of origin United States Original language(s) English No. of seasons 14 Production Producer(s) Bill Garden
Jack Mills Camera setup Multi-camera Running time 120 minutes Production company(s) NBC Sports Release Original network NBC Picture format 480i (SDTV) Original release November 8, 1946 ( ) –
June 24, 1960 ( 1960-06-24 )
The Gillette Cavalcade of Sports is an American radio-turned-television program that ran from 1942 to 1960[1]. The program included broadcasts of a variety of sports, although it is primarily remembered for its focus on boxing matches.
Overview and background [ edit ]
The Cavalcade of Sports officially began on radio in 1942 as the Gillette Company grouped various existing sports sponsorships under one banner. The sponsorships had begun three years earlier, according to an article on the Gillette Company in Vol. 68 of the International Directory of Company Histories. In 1939, Gillette president Joseph Spang purchased the sponsorship rights to the World Series on behalf of Gillette for $100,000. A special promotion of Gillette razors and blueblades sold four times better than company estimates, resulting in the company seeking out additional sponsorships for sporting events.
The Gillette stable of radio sports programs spanned several different networks (including the NBC Red Network, CBS Radio Network and the Mutual Broadcasting System) and grew to include not only ongoing sponsorship deals with Major League Baseball for the World Series and All-Star Game, but the annual Kentucky Derby horse race and the Cotton Bowl Classic and Orange Bowl in college football. In his book about Gillette's history Cutting Edge, author Gordon McKibben wrote, "most males in the 1940s and 1950s did not have to be told that the Cavalcade of Sports meant Gillette was sponsoring another ball game or horse race".
The diversified field of sporting events continued onto television, reportedly including at least two golfing tournaments as well as college football's Blue–Gray Classic and (beginning in 1958) the Rose Bowl game. As late as 1988, the Cavalcade of Sports banner was used in connection with Gillette's sponsorship of the NHL's Stanley Cup Playoffs. Internationally, the Gillette World Sports program continues the concept to the present day in many international regions from Ireland to Africa to Asia.
With all of this, however, the Cavalcade of Sports was best known for its Friday night boxing broadcasts that aired on NBC from 1946 to 1960, and then, after NBC decided against featuring boxing due to sensitivity over criminal allegations in the sport, for several more years on ABC.
As Cavalcade of Sports [ edit ]
Its earlier iteration, Cavalcade of Sports, likewise a boxing show, ran on NBC's New York City station WNBT (channel 4, now WNBC) intermittently beginning in 1943 and was picked up by the NBC television network three years later. The twice-weekly 1946 shows began on Monday, November 8 at 9:00 p.m. and Friday, November 12 at 9:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Both were open-ended programs – as the station signed off the air after the last bout ended (in the early days of television, most stations did not have late-night local newscasts).
St. Nicholas Arena in New York City was the site of the earliest bouts and continued to host the Monday night fights until that program's cancellation in May 1949.
As Gillette Cavalcade of Sports [ edit ]
The Friday night program, broadcast from Madison Square Garden lasted until June 24, 1960, a 14-year period which is, by far, the longest continuous run of any boxing program in television history. The Gillette sponsorship began at the start of the first full television programming season, 1948-49. On September 4, the program was retitled The Gillette Cavalcade of Sports, a name that remained until the end of its run. Every great boxer of the time – including among others Rocky Marciano, Sugar Ray Robinson, Archie Moore, Rocky Graziano, Willie Pep – appeared on one or more of its broadcasts.
In the early years of television, there was a saturation of boxing programs, as many as six prime-time network programs in one week, not even counting the myriad local shows. With so much boxing airing simultaneously, all weight divisions had a chance at stardom, not just heavyweight contenders.
Bob Haymes (using the stage name Bob Stanton) was the program's original announcer; he was joined by Ray Forrest in 1948. Jimmy Powers took over the role in 1949 and remained NBC's main boxing announcer until the network ceased carrying prime time boxing matches in 1960.
Theme music [ edit ]
The show's theme music was the "Look Sharp/Be Sharp March" by Mahlon Merrick, an upbeat tune that was recorded, published (and sheet music printed) sometime between 1953 and 1956. It received quite a bit of airplay on U.S. radio programs, and was used in the repertoire of many high school and college bands of the period. There is a 1954 rendition of the song by the Boston Pops under Arthur Fiedler on YouTube.
The "March" was used in the 1980 film Raging Bull during a scene in which the Robert De Niro character Jake LaMotta unveils his new nightclub. Coleco's Head-to-Head Boxing handheld video game, released in 1981, played the most identifiable eight-note part of the tune when turned on and the first three notes of that at the start of each round. The music is also used in the Punch-Out!! series of video games published by Nintendo, and the 1993 Argentine film Gatica, el mono.
Recognition [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
The Gillette Cavalcade of Sports won an Emmy Award for Best Sports Program in 1955. It also received an Emmy nomination for Best Sports or News Program in 1954.[2]
Nielsen ratings [ edit ]
According to Nielsen, the program finished at #6 for the 1950-51 season; it slides to #19 in 1951-52 and then to #24 in 1952-53 before rebounding somewhat to #18 in 1953-54. No other boxing series has ever ranked in the Nielsen top 10 in its season ratings.[3]
Latin America [ edit ]
In the late 1940s, when the Cavalcade was aired through NBC Red Network extended their Spanish programming activities to Latin American countries, where it was known as the Cabalgata Deportiva Gillette. Its schedule included the MLB Game of the Week aired on Saturday afternoons, the MLB All-Star Game in the midseason and the fall World Series.[4] On there, shared duties Spanish-language broadcasters such as Pancho Pepe Cróquer, Buck Canel, and Felo Ramírez. During the opening presentation, Canel habitually introduced Cróquer as La Voz Deportiva de América.
In addition, the Cavalcade broadcast the bouts of every great fighter of the time, including Rocky Marciano, Archie Moore, Willie Pep, Sugar Ray Robinson, Sandy Saddler and Jersey Joe Walcott,[5] whose fights were accurately and succinctly described by Cróquer on its Friday nights broadcasts from Madison Square Garden. He is particularly remembered for his emotional description on the second of four matches held between Pep and Saddler, which was aired in February 1949.[6]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
The imitatively-titled, but otherwise unrelated, series Cavalcade of Sport aired on ITV in the United Kingdom in 1956, early in the British commercial network's life.[7]
BOSTON -- Patriots Quarterback Tom Brady had a message for a New Hampshire woman who wanted more than anything to meet him.
CBS Boston reports that Jaclyn Spotts, 23, has been in critical care at Beth Israel Medical Center in Boston. On November 22, her sister Natalie said in a Facebook post that she would "likely not be coming home."
In the post, Natalie asked for help contacting Brady since her sister's biggest wish was to meet the NFL star.
The post garnered nearly 10,000 shares.
My 23 year old sister, Jaclyn, has been in the critical care unit at Boston's Beth Israel Medical Center for the past... Posted by Natalie Spotts Brown on Sunday, November 22, 2015
Brady responded in a short video message to Jaclyn.
"I just wanted to say thank you for your kindness and your support, take care of yourself and have a great holiday," Brady said in the video.
Tom Brady, New England Patriots, thank you so much for helping Jaclyn's dream come true.... What a wonderful gift you have given us! Words cannot express... Thanks also to NH1 News Network for helping to make this happen. Posted by Natalie Spotts Brown on Wednesday, November 25, 2015
Jaclyn's sister posted the video from Brady, thanking him and the New England Patriots for helping to make Jaclyn's dream come true.
The vitriol at rallies for Donald Trump continued Saturday when a man yelled a racist insult at a black woman.
Tony Dokoupil, a National Reporter at MSNBC, captured the scene on video. The man, who has not been identified, was standing in a crowd outside a Trump rally in Cleveland when he said to an unidentified black woman: "If you call yourself an African-American, go back to Africa. If you're an African first, go back to Africa."
The woman comes into view and says repeatedly, "Y'all brought us here." Additionally, a woman in the background can be heard saying "Go back to Europe."
The scene devolved into cursing and hateful remarks while a crowd of people stood by and watched. A few can be seen recording the incident with their phones.
The clash is another in a string of hateful episodes that have erupted at and around Trump rallies. On Saturday, at the same Cleveland rally, an unidentified man is heard telling someone to "Go to Auschwitz":
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | CONTACT
It appears a large wall of water and wind is sitting stationary at the Townsville waterfront, as North Queensland Cowboys captain Johnathan Thurston slowly makes his way towards the end of The Strand.
With the entire city in lockdown, SES personnel says they feared the worst for the Northern Capital, as howling winds make their way onto mainland Queensland.
As of half an hour ago, Cyclone Debbie remained a category four storm, sitting about 35km north-west of Hamilton Island and 65km east of Bowen. It's moving at a very slow 9km/h.
At the centre of the cyclone the BoM has recorded sustained winds of 185km/h with gusts to 260km/h.
However, Townsville appears to be safe from this imminent natural disaster, for now.
With his left hand outstretched in front him, facing the wild weather, the rugby league great has created a calm across the Townsville foreshore, with the cyclone appearing to have reached some sort of divine barrier.
Local witness, Darcy (58) said he thought the town was deadset rooted, until he saw the number 7 for the North Queensland Cowboys trotting onto the wooden boardwalks.
“He just started to slowly walk down the pier. It looked like he was a goner”
“All of a sudden he put his hand out, as if to say stop, and the wild weather stood still. In a ball of rotating energy, it just froze”
“It was like Moses”
Droves of townsfolk currently huddled up in the nearby Seaview Hotel are now heard to be chanting “King Of The North! King Of The North” non-stop, as they cheer on their humble saviour.
Experts from the Bureau Of Meteorology say it will be interesting to see if Thurston can continue to keep Debbie from forcing her way into his city, as weather reports predict the storm will continue in the region for days to come.
The North Queensland Cowboys now have training staff running drinks to the future immortal, as the town worries he might get tired holding back the category 4 cyclone by himself.
In 2016 An Adventurer had the opportunity to ask former developer Chris "Stormwaltz" L'Etoile some questions regarding the lore of Asheron's Call 1 and 2. Read the Full Q&A, or use the links below to view each question and answer.
Please note that the answers are no more than Stormwaltz's opinion, and that any conflicting information added to the game from his departure onward should be considered the proper canon.
Question 1: Introduction
Cosmogony, Gods, and the Empyrean
Gromntross, Kemeroi, Deru, and Slithis
The Timeline
Question 16: Beginning of the Arelis Eipoth
Question 17: Ending of the Arelis Eipoth
The Sendings of Darkness
The Virindi
Question 24: Origin of the Virindi
Question 25: Magic of Virindi Augmented Creatures
Question 26: Martine's Fate
Beta and the Early Game
Asheron's Call 2
The bitJob Token Sale Checklist
Please Follow these Instructions Carefully.
Elad Kofman Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 6, 2017
bitJob — Creating a Crypto Student Ecosystem!
First off — am I on the right page?
This is exactly what the contribution page should look like. If it doesn't look like this and the address isn't “https://Tokensale.bitjob.io/” then you're probably in the wrong place.
***Simply use this as a cross-reference against our contribution page, as we cannot ensure the safety of this third-party Medium blog***
Do I have the right time for the token sale?
Our general token sale starts on September 12th, 2017 at 5pm UTC.
Make sure to convert your timezone so you have the correct time for the token sale.
For an easy tool to use to convert time, check out the following website: http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/.
Do I know how to participate?
To fully participate, you need to have done the following:
1. Bought Ether in an exchange
2. Transferred your Ether to an ERC20 compatible wallet (see below)
3. Sent a deposit to a token sale address with our provided data and gas limit values
The only way to successfully participate is by following these steps. If for some reason your transaction isn't going through when you try to send to our address, double check that your gas and data values are correct.
In your transaction, make sure the “To Address” is the address we have listed on our contribution page. The amount to send is the desired amount of ETH you wish to use in the token sale. The Gas Limit is the limit we've provided on the token sale page. Remember to Add Data as well — as we've provided that for you to include in the transaction.
Do I have an ERC20 compatible wallet?
As we've mentioned previously, the ERC20 standard has not only allowed for wallet standardization where developers are able to streamline a solution to hold the various tokens being created, but it also defines a set of functions within the Ethereum network. By adopting the ERC20 standard in our token sale event, we're ensuring our processes within the Ethereum network are as smooth as possible, and allowing our community to effortlessly store these tokens. Some compatible wallets for this event include Mist, MetaMask, MyEtherWallet, and Parity.
Note: incompatible wallets include any exchanges such as Coinbase, Poloniex, Kraken, Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Gatehub, Bitrexx and more. Exodus and Jaxx aren't compatible either. Those who transfer funds on these sites will not receive the currency after the contribution.
But how do I send funds using my ERC20 compatible wallet to participate?
Do have one of the mentioned wallets but you're still not sure how to send funds to participate in the token sale? Check out the following guides for each wallet:
MyEtherWallet — Official
MetaMask — Official
Parity — Unofficial, recommended by the Parity team
Mist — Unofficial
Beware of phishing scams
Impersonate to the bitJob team.
Pose as an official bitJob account.
Urge you to click on a MyEtherWallet link.
If there's one takeaway that we can't stress enough — it's the fact that WE WILL NEVER POST OR SEND ANY PUBLIC ADDRESSES THROUGH ANY SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNEL.
The Formal Sale information will be delivered through our website only. We will publish the formal Address on our designated token sale page — It will be shown here: https://bitjob.io/.
BE CAREFUL — PHISHING ATTEMPT!
Feel free to check these great Youtube Crypto Warning by Ashton from CCS:
Wait a minute, what is the STU token again?
bitJob marketplace connects students with professional SMB/SME, for online short-term jobs and rewarding them with cryptocurrency (STU the student coin).
bitJob is aimed at revolutionizing the way students make a living and gain occupational experience, while studying!
For more information regarding our STU token, follow our blog post.
We want to make sure we take every step to ensure the protection of our users participating in our token sale. As a reminder, we will NEVER post or send any public addresses through social media. Please be aware of this, and be mindful of all the scammers looming around.
We've taken appropriate security measures to ensure a smooth and safe token sale. We will be monitoring the address at all times during the token sale and have implemented a kill-switch script which will active in the case of the crowd-sale address being compromised. We thank you again for participating in this unique and groundbreaking event.
We also invite you to connect with the bitJob team, so that we may answer any questions you might have regarding our token sale or our project before the token sale begins.
__________________________________________________________________
We are working around the clock to support our global community!
bitJob Crowdsale Main Event is scheduled for September 12th, 5:00 PM UTC. Join our movement! Be the movement!
As you may have heard, this year's list of Hugo finalists contain five Tor.com Originals. Congratulations again to Charles Stross, Andy Duncan, Ellen Klages, Mary Robinette Kowal, Thomas Olde Heuvelt, and John Chu. We've managed to stop hopping with excitement for just long enough to make all five of these wonderful stories free to download from all major ebook retailers. Below the cut you'll find links where you can get these stories for free.
Best Novella:
“Wakulla Springs”
Written by Andy Duncan and Ellen Klages
Illustration by Garry Kelley
Edited by Patrick Nielsen Hayden
Wakulla Springs, in the deep jungle of the Florida panhandle, is the deepest submerged freshwater cave system in the world. In its unfathomable depths, a variety of curious creatures have left a record of their coming, of their struggle to survive, and of their eventual end. And that's just the local human beings over the last seventy-five years. Then there are the prehistoric creatures…and, just maybe, something else.
Ranging from the late 1930s to the present day, “Wakulla Springs” is a tour de force of the human, the strange, and the miraculous.
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | iTunes
“Equoid”
Written by Charles Stross
Illustration by Dave Palumbo
Edited by Patrick Nielsen Hayden
The “Laundry” is Britain's super-secret agency devoted to protecting the realm from the supernatural horrors that menace it. Now Bob Howard, Laundry agent, must travel to the quiet English countryside to deal with an outbreak of one of the worst horrors imaginable. For, as it turns out, unicorns are real. They're also ravenous killers from beyond spacetime…
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | iTunes
Best Novelette:
“The Lady Astronaut of Mars”
Written by Mary Robinette Kowal
Thirty years ago, Elma York led the expedition that paved the way to life on Mars. For years she's been longing to go back up there, to once more explore the stars. But there are few opportunities for an aging astronaut, even the famous Lady Astronaut of Mars. When her chance finally comes, it may be too late. Elma must decide whether to stay with her sickening husband in what will surely be the final years of his life, or to have her final adventure and plunge deeper into the well of space.
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | iTunes
Best Short Story:
“The Ink Readers of Doi Saket”
Written by Thomas Olde Heuvelt
Illustration by Victo Ngai
Edited by Ann VanderMeer
People send their dreams and wishes floating down the Mae Ping River with the hope that those dreams will be captured, read and come true. It is a surprise what some wish for and why. One can never know what's inside someone's heart—what they really truly want, and those dreams sometimes reveal our true selves.
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | iTunes
“The Water That Falls on You from Nowhere”
Written by John Chu
Illustration by Christopher Silas Neal
Edited by Ann VanderMeer
Bill O'Reilly
Bill O'Reilly
Bill O'Reilly is appalled by how the man who went on a vengeful killing spree in Norway is being portrayed in the liberal media (view clip). He was particularly disgusted with the headline the New York Times ran last Sunday which read "As Horrors Emerged Norway Charges Christian Extremist". O'Reilly felt it was unfair to mention that Breivik is a Christian because he believes it to be "impossible" as "no one believing in Jesus commits mass murder".
O'Reilly's position is a little odd as he did seem to be aware that Breivik had been baptised into the Protestant Church "of his own free will" at the age of 15 and later expressed an interest in converting to the more conservative Catholic faith. He also acknowledged that it was the Norwegian police who identified Breivik as a fundamentalist Christian, and therefore that it was not just something the New York Times had made up. Still, O'Reilly believes there must be an agenda behind this "angle being played up" and he offers two reasons why he thinks this is so.
The leftwing press wants to compare nuts like Breivik and McVeigh to state sponsored terrorism and worldwide jihad. Again, dishonest and insane. The second reason the liberal media is pushing the Christian angle is they don't like Christians very much because we are too judgmental. Many Christians oppose abortion, gay marriage and legalised narcotics, secular left causes. The media understands the opposition is often based on religion, so they want to diminish Christianity – and highlighting so-called Christian-based terror is the way to do that.
It doesn't help O'Reilly's argument though that Breivik's manifesto called specifically for a "Christian war to defend Europe against the threat of Muslim domination". But he is convinced, nonetheless, that the liberal media are wrong to bring Breivik's religion into the matter, as he believes that it was not his Christianity that motivated the killings but simply that, as O'Reilly put it, "he didn't like the Muslim intrusion into Norway and into Europe. That's what drove him, not Jesus, not being baptised.
O'Reilly discussed the matter with regular Fox News contributor Mary Katherine Hamm and Alicia Menendez. Hamm agreed with O'Reilly that the liberal media were focusing on the Christian thing because they "desperately want an equivalent to Muslim terrorists, an analogue to extremist Islam" and she blamed it on lazy reporting. O'Reilly was quick to correct this thinking, pointing out that, far from being lazy reporting, this was deliberate branding by liberal editors.
Wait, wait! I want everybody to know how this works. The editors in the New York Times sit down and they decide what their lead story is going to be, what their headline's going to be and then they put it there. The reporter had nothing to do with it. This was an intentional, without a doubt, intentional brand of a mass murderer as a Christian. It is appalling. This is a serious situation, ladies. This isn't a mistake or sloppiness or laziness. This is appalling!
Menendez pointed out that it was their side (the conservative media) who initially jumped with the story line that the bomb attack was the work of jihadists, but O'Reilly thought that was just due to sloppiness and laziness and not the same thing at all as intentionally branding the terrorist as a Christian.
Glenn Beck
Glenn Beck
Glenn Beck no longer has the benefit of the Fox News research team at his disposal, which might account for his utter confusion about what happened in Norway last week, as he seemed to think it was not the killer, but the people who were killed who were the rightwing extremists (view clip).
"Well, when we heard the explosion, everyone was willing to say, 'It's Muslim extremists! It's Muslim extremists!' I don't think we made a comment on it because we didn't know other than that there was a bombing that happened, and as the thing started to unfold and then there was a shooting at a political camp, which sounds a little like, you know, the Hitler Youth or whatever. You know, who does a camp for kids that's all about politics? Disturbing. But anyway, so there was this political camp and some crazy man goes and starts shooting kids."
The political camp was, in fact, a Labour party youth league summer camp, which the killer specifically targeted because he objected to the party's liberal and multicultural views. Beck was also confused about the Muslim element in the attack. He knows that the killer was not a Muslim, but still felt that Muslims played a part. He pointed out that he actually foretold this event in a Fox News show last year, where he detailed the problems arising in Europe "because the cities are being overrun" (by Muslims) and because the Muslims are "getting into middle management" and are "on the city councils and board of education and everything else". He believed that it was this Muslim invasion, so to speak, that provoked the attack.
Beck actually did acknowledge that the killer was a rightwing extremist, but went to pains to explain how the European right wing differs from the American right wing, to which he belongs.
The left and right in Europe … because once they got rid of the kings, they didn't replace it with "we the people"; they had to replace it with another strong government and that's where fascism and communism came from. That's your left and right: fascism on the right, Nazis and communists on the left. And there are variations of both of those theories, but it's fascism and communism, left and right. This guy, who's the shooter, is from the right wing, different than our right wing. It is still big government. He is coming out and he is doing the work of a madman, he's doing the work of what all people that want big government always do – and that is, commit terrorist acts. They want to destroy a government so they can put another one in that they like.
With that clarification in place, Beck goes on to assure his listeners that the killer was, of course, a mad man and that there was no difference between him and the 9/11 bombers, and that he is "just as bad as Osama bin Laden".
Rush Limbaugh
Rush Limbaugh
Rush Limbaugh was disgusted with the speech the president gave on Monday night calling for a shared sacrifice to save our nation from
going into default and losing our triple-A credit rating (listen to clip). Limbaugh does not object to the notion of sacrifice as a principle. He is fine, for instance, with the poor, the unemployed and the elderly having to sacrifice the benefits they receive. What he does object to is the notion of "shared sacrifice", which he believes is unpatriotic and unAmerican.
We do not believe in shared sacrifice! Go find it for me in the founding documents, go find it for me! Probably right there next to the book Great Moderates in American History. Shared sacrifice in America's founding? What is this!? And I'm talking about it as an intellectual concept or as a policy that people adhere to: shared sacrifice. This whole bite – once again, I think the guy [President Obama] is losing it!
What Limbaugh specifically objected to in the president's speech was his part about the wealthy having to play their part in deficit reduction. At the moment, House Republicans are refusing to back any plan to lower the deficit that includes higher taxes for the wealthy. Limbaugh absolutely agrees with this position and thinks the president must be mentally ill to suggest that the wealthy share the burden.
Look, I'm not a professional on clinical matters. I can't, of course, make a diagnosis. Something's not right here with the man, folks. He's cracking up. What sacrifices have illegal aliens made, by the way, let alone shared? He's out there talking to La Raza. Is he gonna ask the illegal aliens to sacrifice, like pay taxes and follow our laws?
Limbaugh has made clear on many occasions that he understands that not raising the debt ceiling will have catastrophic consequences for the American economy, but if the Obama presidency is destroyed in the process, that's one sacrifice he is happy to share.
The Durham Bulls, in conjunction with the Tampa Bay Rays, have announced Jared Sandberg as the new manager of the Triple-A club. Sandberg takes over for Charlie Montoyo, who was promoted to third base coach of the Rays in mid-December. Fans will be able to interact with the club's new manager in a Twitter Q&A session on Friday, January 23rd at 1:00 p.m. by directing questions to @DurhamBulls using the tag #AskSandberg.
Sandberg, the nephew of Hall of Famer and current Philadelphia Phillies manager Ryne Sandberg, takes the helm of the Bulls after spending the last seven seasons as a coach or manager at four different levels in the Rays' minor league system. Prior to his time in a managing or coaching capacity, the Washington state native enjoyed a 12-year playing career, including nine seasons in the Tampa Bay organization from 1996-2004. Parts of five of those seasons (2000-2004) came as a member of the Durham Bulls.
"It was a big honor to promote Charlie to our Major League staff, and it's an equally big honor to name Jared manager of the Durham Bulls," Rays Director of Minor League Operations Mitch Lukevics said. "Jared's promotion is well-deserved, and we know he shares our excitement in him joining the most storied franchise in Minor League Baseball."
The 2014 campaign was Sandberg's first as skipper of the Advanced-A Charlotte Stone Crabs, leading the team to a 63-70 finish. The year prior, his first year as manager of the Single-A Bowling Green Hot Rods, he led the squad to a franchise-record 82-56 mark, the seventh-best record among all full season Minor League teams.
From 2010-2012 he led the Short-Season Class A Hudson Valley Renegades to a combined 128-99 clip, while leading the team to its second New York-Penn League title in 2012. That season the Renegades went a league-best 52-24, earning Sandberg Baseball America's Short-Season Manager of the Year award. 2009 marked his managing debut, heading the Rookie-level Princeton Rays after his first and only year as a coach in 2008 with Hudson Valley.
Over his six-year managerial career, Sandberg has accumulated a career record of 309-256 (.547), while advancing to the postseason on two occasions.
"We are thrilled to start working with Jared," Bulls General Manager Mike Birling said. "It's great to have him back in a Bulls uniform after his playing days here in Durham, and we know he's going to do a fantastic job of carrying on the proud tradition of Bulls managers."
Selected by Tampa Bay in the 16th round of the 1996 draft out of Capital High School (Olympia, WA), Sandberg reached the Triple-A level for the first time in 2000 at the age of 22. In all, he would spend parts of five seasons (2000-04) with the Bulls, amassing career totals of .240-53-182 in a Durham uniform. He spent parts of three seasons at the Major League level (2001-03), hitting .221-25-92 over 196 games with the Devil Rays.
He spent the 2005 season in the Boston Red Sox system, before splitting 2006 between the Houston Astros and Cleveland Indians Double-A affiliates, and the independent Somerset Patriots. His final season came in 2007 when he appeared in 18 games for Double-A Wichita in the Kansas City Royals system.
Sandberg becomes just the fourth Durham manager in the franchise's 18-year Triple-A history, following in the footsteps of International League Hall of Famer Bill Evers (1998-2005), John Tamargo (2006) and Montoyo (2007-2014), the franchise's all-time wins leader with 633.
Joining Sandberg on the coaching staff is first-year pitching coach Kyle Snyder, who was selected out of the University of North Carolina in the first round of the 1999 draft. The two were part of the same coaching staff in 2012 in Hudson Valley and 2013 in Bowling Green, when the teams amassed a combined 134-80 clip.
Returning for his seventh season with the ball club is hitting coach Dave Myers. The Temple University alumnus spent 26 years in the Seattle Mariners system, including 12 as a minor league manager. He was the Mariners' third base coach from 2001-04.
Athletic Trainer Mike Sandoval rejoins the Bulls for his fourth season in 2015. Before his time in the Rays system, he spent 25 seasons within the Pittsburgh Pirates organization, including 10 seasons as assistant athletic trainer at the major league level.
Bryan King, who spent his first season with the Bulls last year, returns as Strength and Conditioning coach. Prior to joining the Tampa Bay system in 2014, he spent the previous five seasons in the same position with the Toronto Blue Jays at the Major League level.
President Trump Honored to Throw Out the First Slur at Call of Duty Tournament
PALO ALTO, Calif. — Organizers of Call of Duty World, one of the largest Call of Duty Tournaments in North America, announced that President Donald Trump will help kick off the annual event by throwing out the first slur.
“It's a terrific tradition,” said CODW President Tammy Davis. “Boxing has ‘Let's get ready to rumble', the Indy 500 has ‘Gentlemen start your engines,' and Call of Duty World has the first slur. It's a great way to honor the history and tradition of our sport and we are thrilled the President is going to participate.
The first slur has been a tradition at CODW since 2004, when 12 year old hall of famer Danny Daniels aka [email protected] spent an entire match screaming racist, homophobic invectives as his foes.
“Daniels really changed things for this sport,” says long time FPS enthusiast Fred Tipps. “Before him you might hear a few shitty things here and there, but after him pretty much every online game you play features a non-stop stream of word barf. It's special.”
Read More From Hard Drive, The Only Ethical Gaming Journalism Site on The Internet:
Since 2009, CODW has honored this historic moment by inviting celebrities and politicians to start things off by yelling something horrible into a microphone. “We've had all kinds of people here for the first slur,” said Davis. “Bill Gates was our big name. That was in 2008. We had Vanilla Ice in 2009 followed by Karl Rove in 2010.”
“Trump isn't even our first sitting President,” added Davis.”President Obama threw out the first slur here in 2015. He said ‘butthole'. Frankly, we'd hoped for better.”
The Trump camp is keeping the President's chosen slur a tightly guarded secret. However, there is speculation that the President and his team of advisors are drawing on their years of prejudice and wealth to construct a new, as yet unheard verbal insult to debut at the event.
“The President is no stranger to profanity and unhinged rants,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders. “And while I cannot divulge the slur he plans to use I can confirm the President is very excited to say it. He's also been giggling every time he says the word ‘duty.'”
Article by Steven Casimer Kowalski, @casimerkowalski
Hard Drive is the most ethical gaming journalism on the internet. Follow us on Facebook to keep up.
Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE took a swipe at Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's foreign policy credentials on Thursday in the wake of the Democratic presidential front-runner's speech attacking presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's proposals.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I agree with Secretary Clinton that Donald Trump's foreign policy ideas are incredibly reckless and irresponsible,” Sanders said in a statement. “But when it comes to foreign policy, we cannot forget that Secretary Clinton voted for the war in Iraq, the worst foreign policy blunder in modern American history, and that she has been a proponent of regime change, as in Libya, without thinking through the consequences.”
On Thursday, Clinton gave a speech that took Trump to task for his temperament and foreign policy proposals that she believes makes him unfit for the presidency.
“Donald Trump's ideas aren't just different; they are dangerously incoherent,” she said. “They aren't even really ideas, just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds and outright lies.”
Sanders has taken issue with Clinton's own foreign policy, routinely blasting her for her early Iraq War support and her praise of Henry Kissinger, another former secretary of State.
In his statement on Thursday, Sanders added, "We need a foreign policy based on building coalitions and making certain that the brave American men and women in our military do not get bogged down in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. That's what I will fight for as president."
The righting fundamentalist org, the Temple Institute, is raising money on Indiegogo to draft plans to build the third temple on the holy mount in occupied Jerusalem. They've raised nearly $17,000 out of a hoped-for $100,000, using the messianic video above that pictures the remade temple in its last frames.
The site is one of the holiest sites in Islam because of its place in Mohammed's life– “the Noble Sanctuary” — and the Third Temple project is explicitly aimed at destroying Muslim sites of worship, including the Dome of the Rock and the Al-Aqsa mosque. As the Temple Institute states:
Geo-politically, the Temple Mount has to be cleared of the Dome of the Rock and the mosques which are presently located upon it before the physical rebuilding of the Holy Temple can begin. Many scenarios can be imagined which would accomplish this, the most promising, and not necessarily the most far-fetched, would entail Moslem recognition of the Mount as the intended location for the rebuilt Temple.
From the Indiegogo campaign:
After millennia of yearning, only one organization is paving the way for the rebuilding of the Temple… Now is time for one of its most ambitious projects yet: completing architectural plans for the actual construction, fusing ancient texts and modern technology.
A friend, Khalid, sent a complaint to Indiegogo, and got a response (excerpted below), but Indiegogo has taken no action.
Thank you for reaching out. Indiegogo empowers campaign owners and contributors to raise money for, or support, the things that matter to them. Since Indiegogo is an equal opportunity platform, a wide variety of subject matters and opinions may be expressed through campaigns. Due to the fact that we do not curate these campaigns, the views reflected by campaign owners are not necessarily those of Indiegogo. Because of the diversity of our community, it's possible that something could be disagreeable or disturbing to you without meeting the criteria for being removed or blocked. With that said, we are reviewing this campaign to ensure that it complies with our Terms of Use…. We take the integrity and security of our community very seriously and we greatly appreciate your patience and understanding throughout this review process.
This story has been at Haaretz and Al Jazeera too.
Share
An artificial intelligence algorithm has predicted the outcome of human rights trials with 79 percent accuracy, according to a study published today in PeerJ Computer Science. Developed by researchers from the University College London (UCL), the University of Sheffield, and the University of Pennsylvania, the system is the first of its kind trained solely on case text from a major international court, the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR).
“Our motivation was twofold,” co-author Vasileios Lampos of UCL Computer Science told Digital Trends. “It first starts with scientific curiosity.” In other words, would it even be possible to create such an AI judge? “And on the more practical side of things, we thought that AI could be a complementary assistive tool for various administrative tasks in a pretrial phase, reducing the long waiting time before a decision is made,” he added.
The algorithm analyzed texts from nearly 600 cases related to human right's issues including fair trials, torture, and privacy in an effort to identify patterns. It determined that text language, topics, and circumstances — i.e., factual background information — were the most reliable indicators for whether a case would be deemed a violation of the European Convention of Human Rights.
Similar predictive systems have previously been developed by analyzing the alleged crimes and policy positions of judges rather than case texts. In that sense, this AI judge is unique.
Lampos explained that, within the context of the ECtHR, the study supports the theory that judges rely more heavily on legal realism than formalism.
“In very lay terms, this means that the judges of the court might weight more the facts and circumstances of a case — rather than the respective laws — during their decision-making process,” he said. “This could be related to the fact that applicants need to exhaust all effective remedies available to them in their domestic legal systems, before submitting an application to ECtHR.”
“I don't expect judges to be replaced [by AI],” Lampos said, “at least [not] in the near future.” Instead, he sees the AI judge as a tool for the court, albeit currently a blunt one. To refine the algorithm, the researchers will need to feed it to much larger quantities of text while maintaining privacy and ensuring that the system isn't used for potentially unethical practice.
“A major caveat that needs to be mentioned here is that law firms could exploit such software tools, biasing the language used in their applications to ECtHR in order to get favorable treatment ,” Lampos cautioned. “Hence, we need to be very careful when discussing potential commercial exploitations of the findings.”
Before the system is made available, the researchers will need to understand how it might be used and what unintended consequences it could have. That means making some predictions of their own.
It is, however, also dangerous to ignore or belittle the potency of ISIS ideology, the core role it has played in recent violence from Paris to California, and the link between that ideology and the broader crisis of Islam. The favored phrase of the Obama administration in addressing this scourge — “violent extremism” — is vague to the point of evasive meaninglessness. Yes, jihadi terrorists are “violent extremists” but calling them that is like calling Nazism a reaction to German humiliation in World War I: true but wholly inadequate.
Mateen demonstrated again just how potent the mix of ISIS and National Rifle Association ideology is. America is the perfect setting for “lone wolf” ISIS followers because they have access to the weapons they need to do their worst. Despite having been investigated twice in recent years by the F.B.I. for possible ties to terrorism, Mateen was able to walk into a Florida gun dealership recently, and acquire a “long gun” and a pistol. This, by any reasonable standard, is madness.
The AR-15 assault rifle used by Mateen was also the weapon used by the San Bernardino shooters. The former N.R.A. president, David Keene, once described the weapons as the “gun liberals love to hate.” It is in fact the rifle that illustrates why lax American gun laws make American lives cheap. The laws are an aberration.
President Barack Obama described the shooting as “an act of terror and an act of hate.” He made clear his disapproval of gun laws. He called for solidarity. He said nothing about ISIS, or the way the Islamic State's hold on territory in Syria and Iraq reinforces the charismatic potency of its ideological appeal, disseminated from that base through the internet.
He also said this: “To actively do nothing is a decision as well.”
Yes, to have actively done nothing in Syria over more than five years of war — so allowing part of the country to become an ISIS stronghold, contributing to a massive refugee crisis in Europe, acquiescing to slaughter and displacement on a devastating scale, undermining America's word in the world, and granting open season for President Vladimir Putin to strut his stuff — amounts to the greatest foreign policy failure of the Obama administration.
It has made the world far more dangerous. I hope for the best but fear the victory of the politics of anger in America and Europe.
This photo of a destroyed display in Sephora has gone viral. Extraordinary Life Makeup Artistry/Facebook
It's enough to make any makeup lover's heart skip a beat: a Sephora display featuring over $1,000 worth of Make Up For Ever eyeshadow testers completely destroyed. That's the sight that recently greeted Sephora shopper and makeup artist Brittney Nelson as she entered a Sephora location in Augusta, Georgia, on Saturday night.
She snapped and shared a photo of the incident with a message urging parents to "shop for your makeup without [their] tiny humans" — which has since gone viral.
Nelson claims in the post that the display was destroyed by a "small child," though she admits that she never actually saw the child do it.
"We walked in right as a lady and her kid were hustling out of there," Nelson told INSIDER. "The glittery footprints helped us decipher it was a tiny human."
Although she was shocked at the sight of it, she says the Sephora employees couldn't have handled the situation any better. "In no time flat they calmed down their panic-mode faces, brought out a cart, whisked away that display, cleaned up the remainder and the floor," Nelson said.
Some people seemed to agree that it was the handiwork of a curious "tiny human," and quickly shared their opinions on the matter.
Others weren't pleased by the post, claiming that asking parents to leave their children at home while shopping could be considered a form of "mom-shaming."
The reaction so far has been a total shock to Nelson, but she's not letting any negativity get her down.
"I woke up to the internet mob of insanity because of my one cranky post," Nelson told us. "I honestly don't think I said anything 99% of people don't think anyway so I'm not that devastated by the hurricane of it."
The post has certainly sparked an interesting discussion around parenting and whether it's OK to bring small children into a store with expensive items. However, Nelson wants to make it clear that she is "not mom-shaming or kid hating in the least," although this kind of incident is something she's seen often while working in retail.
"I've seen messed up testers a gazillion times throughout the years from tiny humans," she told INSIDER.
And if she ever sees a child acting recklessly in a store, she won't be afraid to step in. "If I do see a kid doing that in a store I will just offer to help the mom out," she said. "That's what us moms do!"
INSIDER has reached out to Sephora for comment.
Here's Nelson's full Facebook post:
"$1300 of Make Up Forever eye shadow destroyed at Sephora tonight due to a small child. I'm sure he/she thought they were like finger paints and had no idea how naughty they were being. Tons of destroyed product and pissed Sephora cast members are a not happy place to be. Mammas, please shop for your makeup without your tiny humans. It's not fun for you...or them...or the expensive product. Anna Heath and I about passed out when we saw this atrocity. Being me, I've needed to bring Allie into many makeup stores as she's grown and had a strict 'hands in pockets' rule for her and a strict 10-minute rule for me. It was very helpful so if you must take your kiddos makeup shopping I suggest trying it. This massive demolished palette makes me. Makeup should always make me. *It looked 100X worse in real life and I don't work for Sephora. I was just walking in as the mom/kid were hustling out of there."
Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.
There's reason for cautious optimism about Rouhani's election, the authors say. Hit reset on Iran: Engage Rouhani
The unexpected victory of Hassan Rouhani in Iran's recent presidential election presents the United States its best opportunity in years to reset America's relationship with the country. Reinvigorated diplomatic engagement remains the best option to achieve two goals that are critical for U.S. interests in the Middle East: preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon and preventing a military strike against the country that could escalate to a wider war.
There are several reasons for cautious optimism about Rouhani's election. First, he is not Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Iran's outgoing president. Instead of railing against the United States and threatening neighboring countries, Rouhani campaigned on a platform to improve relations with the West. He pledged to “pursue a policy of reconciliation and peace” and “constructive interaction with the world.” He even criticized the “extremism” of Ahmadinejad's government and pledged to work toward the release of political prisoners, including the leaders of the opposition Green Movement. A former nuclear negotiator, Rouhani previously agreed to suspend enrichment activities and implement additional nuclear safeguards urged by the International Atomic Energy Agency. “Wisdom tells us both countries need to think more about the future and try to sit down and find solutions to past issues and rectify things,” he said during the campaign, referring to the United States. “We believe that that the nuclear issue will be solved only through talks, not sanctions and threats.”
Story Continued Below
Rouhani's election provides a welcome opportunity to recalibrate U.S. policy toward Iran. A growing chorus of bipartisan U.S. national security officials, including former CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden, believes the United States must balance its current sanctions with greater diplomatic engagement. It would be a mistake to impose new sanctions on Iran before giving Rouhani the chance to put his words into action. Additional sanctions now would offend the majority of voters who chose moderation over extremism and could jeopardize a crucial opening for moderate Iranian leaders. The message to them would be that no matter what you do, the United States will respond only with more crippling pressure. If that is the idea conveyed, Tehran would have little incentive to come to the negotiating table and more reason to advance its nuclear program.
cricket
Former India captain heads to the same country as he did in 2007 after India's disastrous World Cup. Off-spinner Ramesh Powar recalls Shastri's influence on the team
There is a certain degree of similarity in Ravi Shastri's latest assignment in Bangladesh and his tour there in 2007 as cricket manager of the Indian team; both being post-World Cup series.
Also Read: Just to have Ravi Shastri is massive boost for us: Virat Kohli
Ravi Shastri. Pic/Getty Images
According to a Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) press release, Shastri is Director of Cricket, but BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur was quoted as saying that Shastri has been named 'interim coach' by president Jagmohan Dalmiya.
Also Read: Ravi Shastri named Team India's interim coach for Bangladesh tour
All the same, Shastri is the off-field boss and one wonders what the fuss was all about in the build-up to the announcement. His appointment ought to have been a no-brainer. The 2007 tour of Bangladesh was a grand success, a far cry to the World Cup in the Caribbean where India lost their first game to Bangladesh.
Ramesh Powar, the off-spinner from Mumbai, who was part of that squad, recalled how Shastri made a big difference. "We had a preparatory camp in Kolkata where he (Shastri) showed his great communication skills and was very encouraging.
Ramesh Powar
He was telling everyone to look ahead and not at what had happened. Earlier, there was a little communication gap and there was a 'should-we-ask, shouldn't-we-ask' situation. With Shastri, anyone could express their opinion," Powar told mid-day yesterday.
After figuring in 18 ODIs, Powar made his Test debut in the opening Test at Chittagong which was drawn. In the second Test of his career, he had second innings figures of 3 for 33 in 16 overs and never played Test cricket again.
Encouraging
But Shastri's talks left an impression on him. "I have never seen a coach walking around the net area and being so vocal in his encouragement. He never pushed you in every aspect of the game. I was not the best fielder in the team but he never concentrated on your weakness. For him, only your strengths mattered. He got everyone together and even took us out for dinners," said Powar.
CLOSE Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton talks about transparency at the White House while addressing the issue of her private email server as secretary of state.
Buy Photo Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton answers questions from The Des Moines Register editorial board Tuesday, Sept. 22, 2015 in Des Moines. (Photo: Michael Zamora/The Register)Buy Photo
Hillary Clinton said she would do a better job than past presidents, presumably including the current one, at communicating with the American people about foreign relations.
At the same time, Clinton was first flip and then vague on what she would do to ensure better public access to executive branch records and to improve transparency in the White House.
“Well, you can count on me not to have a private email server,” Clinton joked when asked how she would address concerns about access to public information.
Let's start on a positive note, because the former secretary of state did in fact demonstrate an impressive ability to communicate clearly about foreign policy issues. She put on a mini-clinic during a 90-plus-minute interview with The Des Moines Register on Tuesday. Topics ranged from a two-state solution for Israel and Palestine and the Iran nuclear deal to relations with Russia and China.
“We can do a better job of explaining to the American people what's really at stake,” Clinton said.
So, Clinton is offering better communication on foreign policy; that's wonderful. But an essential part of communication is trust, which is in short supply in Washington generally and specifically between Americans and Clinton. One way to build trust is to verify information, and verification must include public access to government information and records.
Clinton's private email server is only one reason to ask about her intentions for a transparent executive branch. President Barack Obama promised the most transparent administration in history, and yet government watchdogs and the media have complained loudly about noncompliance with public-record laws.
MORE: Clinton disputes report of new email discrepancy
On Tuesday, Clinton said the president and his team are committed to transparency, but “the explosion of information is just overwhelming and the government is woefully behind technically. It is really hard when you are running a government in 2015 that is not yet in the 21st century when it comes to technology.”
U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley, one of the leading government watchdogs over his 40 years in Congress, agrees technology is out of date but he lays the blame for transparency problems on the president.
“I think it's the attitude of whoever's president,” he said, calling Obama the “most stonewalling” president in his experience. Yes, Grassley's a Republican and he's not shy about criticizing the president. But Grassley has also held former Republican presidents accountable and insisted on prompt responses to inquiries.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Register Opinion newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong A sneak preview of the newest editorials, columns and opinions from The Des Moines Register. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Mon-Sun Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Register Opinion Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
In June, the House Oversight Committee heard testimony from journalists about violations of the Freedom of Information Act. Sheryl Attkisson, formerly of CBS, testified about receiving public documents 10 years after she had filed FOIA requests. Agency officials unlawfully politicize requests for information, obfuscate and delay, she said. They create their own backlogs by requiring a formal FOIA request for even the most basic of information.
IN HER OWN WORDS: Clinton on emails, the race, more
The Register has had similar experiences. Editorial writer Clark Kauffman was once instructed to file a FOIA request for a copy of a Department of Agriculture license for a zoo. Agency officials refused to budge until Kauffman sent them a copy of the document, which he had already obtained from a third party, and a copy of the license hanging on a wall at the zoo.
Clinton said Tuesday that Congress has been reluctant to pay for information upgrades. Grassley, however, pointed to billions spent to upgrade technology at the FBI and the IRS, which he felt was ineffective.
Clinton said better management of information would be a priority for her. “When I talk about how we need to reform the government and how we need to make it work more efficiently, it's a big part of it,” she said.
Both Clinton and Grassley envision bringing in technology experts to assess the issues and propose solutions. Clinton says Congress needs to spend more on technology and experts. The famously frugal Grassley said Google or Microsoft “would probably be glad to do it for nothing.”
None of that will matter, however, unless the next president is willing to not only talk about open government but also enforce existing laws without political consideration and eliminate the red tape that stands in the way of routine requests. So far, none of the candidates for president has offered a detailed proposal to improve public access to government.
Clinton is an excellent communicator when she wants to be. But someone who would set up a private email server for personal convenience needs to offer more than cloudy assurances that she will work on improving transparency rather than making it worse.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1KvX19x
Alex, Eve Online. Ben, Cities: Skylines and Darkest Dungeon. Aadil, The Division and Super Hot. Plenty of high abv craftbeers and a continuation of our discussion on game collections.
Alex trades in Starmade for Eve Online and enjoys is graphical beauty. Aadil has started the Division and gives his early impressions, talk then turns to the dark zone. Ben has returned to both Cities: Skylines and Darkest Dungeon to give further thoughts one year on. We also almost forget to discuss Super Hot, blame the beer.
Talk turns to in game collectibles and a collective noise is made to outline our positions on their place in videogames.
This week Ben and Alex drink some high abv beers from Cloudwater Brew Co 'Lapsang Lichtenhainer', Buxton 'Tripel' and Tempest Brewing 'Old Parochial'. Aadil is under the weather so cheers himself up with some porters from Anchor Brewing and a Boxing Rock 'Sunken Ledge'.
Xcel Energy Inc. says it will begin ­flying drones to inspect power lines and other energy facilities.
The utility said Tuesday that it won approval from the Federal Aviation Administration to operate the small, unmanned aircraft at low altitude in less-populated regions and within an operator's line of sight.
Workers likely will use the aircraft to inspect hard-to-reach and environmentally sensitive areas, although the scope and timing of the program are not yet certain, said Michael Lamb, vice president of operating services for Xcel.
"We don't know how we are going to use drones yet," Lamb said in an interview.
Drones will be used in less-populated areas, but Lamb said it is "a real open question" how that will be defined. The company plans to fly the aircraft only above its properties or easements.
One likely use will be to assess damage to power lines after storms, but Lamb said the company first plans to study the best uses of the technology and then conduct trials, probably this summer. Drones equipped with cameras and sensors may have a range of uses, including detecting leaks on natural gas pipelines, he said.
Lamb said Xcel recently flew a drone inside a massive boiler at the Sherco power plant in Becker, Minn., to inspect interior components without sending workers inside. Once drones are deployed out of doors, they likely will be used across Xcel's eight-state service area, including Minnesota, he said.
Xcel is one of nearly 400 companies approved by the FAA for commercial drone use. The Minneapolis-based utility plans to use an electric-powered drone with eight rotors. It will fly at less than 57 miles per hour, operate for just 30 minutes or until its batteries drain to 25 percent and go no higher than 400 feet, according to FAA filings.
Xcel offered possible locations for the flights to the FAA, but they were not disclosed publicly, and the utility said its plans are not certain anyway. Lamb said Xcel has no current plans to experiment with drones flying beyond the line of sight or in urban areas.
Federal officials recently said they will work with BNSF Railway to test the first drones making beyond line-of-sight flights for commercial purposes. News network CNN plans to test line-of-sight flights in urban areas, and drone maker PrecisionHawk is testing expanded cropland monitoring, the FAA said.
A Wyoming man who identifies as a woman faced a jury Monday as he went on trial to face charges of sexually assaulting a 10-year-old girl in a bathroom.
Miguel Martinez, who calls himself Michelle, according to his attorney, could face up to 70 years in prison, the Casper Star-Tribune reported.
Accused child rapist Miguel Martinez "identifies as a woman and uses the name Michelle." #transcult https://t.co/d7YFDSh2Kp pic.twitter.com/LB39j4GuZj — The Patriarch Tree (@PatriarchTree) October 18, 2017
The young girl said Martinez touched her breasts and genitalia before penetrating her, the newspaper reported. The child was subjected to a sexual assault exam and nurses found redness and abrasions on the girl's genitalia.
The alleged assault took place in the girl's home when she came home from school, according to her testimony.
Transgender woman sexually assaults 10 year old girl in bathroom. Sadly the MSM media will ignore this victim. https://t.co/a2B6dWAdJb — Morning Jest News 🌞 (@MorningJest) October 17, 2017
She said Martinez, who is a friend of the family, told her to “keep it a secret,” but the girl told her mother, who called police, according to KTWO Radio.
When the mother confronted Martinez, who pleaded not guilty, he said her daughter was lying and was “a little bitch,” K2 Radio reported.
The trial comes as the ACLU challenges the constitutionality of a proposed ballot initiative in neighboring Montana that would require transgender residents to use public bathrooms that correspond with their sex at birth, according to the Billings Gazette.
“The ACLU and the plaintiffs argue the Locker Room Privacy Act would deprive transgender Montanans of equal protection under the law and violate their rights to privacy, dignity and due process,” the newspaper reported.
After sex abuse scandal rocks Hollywood, Monica Lewinsky tweets 2 words Bill Clinton was dreading
ACLU sues to block ballot initiative on transgender bathroom, locker room use https://t.co/HsKPtsAY2p pic.twitter.com/b7jFBewKf8 — Billings Gazette (@billingsgazette) October 17, 2017
There are tough losses, bad losses, and then there are losses like yesterday's. Tough losses are usually close games that can go either way; they hurt, but you hold your head up high because you played a good ball game. Bad losses are when a team gets killed; these are usually the easy ones to forget because once down 10-0 in the 5th inning, you've already forgotten about it. And then there are losses like yesterday's: completely flat, uneventful, and hard to hold your head up after it. Not one great play, not one good hit, nothing to really give the fans (nor themselves) anything to cheer about - yet they were within arms reach the entire game and couldn't figure it out.
The Dodgers were down 1-0 in the 2nd inning, then 2-0 in the 4th inning, and then 4-0 in the 8th. They gave up 2 homeruns (which seemingly was the story all series long - the D-Backs had 6 homeruns in the 3 game series) and could really never spark anything offensively themselves. They recorded just two hits, one of which was a bleeder up the middle by the pitcher, Fife.
Despite adding Ramirez and Shane Victorino, who made his Dodger debut on the final game of the D-Back series, the Dodgers looked lifeless. And that's somewhat surprising since they just came off of a 3 game sweep against the Giants to put them at first place again.
The upside is that this already happened and that they'll have today as a day off to reflect on it. Their team is without a doubt better than it was before the trade deadline and it's just a matter of being comfortable up there and executing - something that they've proven can be done time and again.
The Dodgers now host the Cubs for 3 games and seek to gain ground on the Giants, who are 1 game in front of them, and hope to add some separation between themselves and the D-Backs, who are within just 1.5 of the Dodgers.
Notables:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri will travel to France at the invitation of President Emmanuel Macron, according to French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian.
"He will come to France and the prince has been informed," Jean-Yves Le Drian said Thursday in Riyadh, referring to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman.
Asked about the date of the trip, Le Drian replied, "Mr. Hariri's schedule is a matter for Mr. Hariri." An official at the French president's office said Hariri was expected in the coming days.
Speaking alongside Le Drian, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said Hariri could leave Saudi Arabia when he pleases.
"The resigned Lebanese prime minister is living in Saudi Arabia of his own free will. He is the one who decides on his return to Lebanon," he said.
No exile offered
Lebanese President Michael Aoun welcomed the announcement. He said on Thursday that he hoped Hariri's eventual return from France would end the country's ongoing political crisis.
"I am awaiting the return of Prime Minister Hariri from Paris for us to decide the next step with regards to the government," he said.
Speaking to journalists in Bonn where Macron was attending the COP23 climate summit, the French president had said on Wednesday that Hariri and his family had been invited to spend "a few days" in France but he was not offering Hariri political exile.
It was essential, Macron said, to dispel fears that Saudi Arabia had taken the Lebanese leader prisoner. "We need to have leaders who are free to express themselves," said Macron. "It's important that [Hariri] is able to advance the political process in his country in the coming days and weeks."
Hariri (L) and Macron (R) met in Paris in September
Resignation announced in Saudi Arabia
Hariri unexpectedly resigned in a statement made via television from Saudi Arabia on November 4. In the following 11 days there has been speculation about the status of the Lebanese prime minister in Saudi Arabia.
President Aoun refused to accept Hariri's resignation and accused Saudi authorities of detaining the prime minister, calling it an act of "aggression" and asking foreign governments to intervene.
Saudi Arabia denied that Hariri was under house arrest.
Macron made a surprise visit to Saudi Arabia last Thursday and met with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman amid rising tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, particularly over Lebanon and Yemen. The talks were intended to ensure "the preservation of stability in the region," the French presidency announced at the time.
France and Lebanon: A long history
Hariri has a home in France and spent several years in the country. His father Rafik was a close friend of former French President Jacques Chirac.
France's role in Lebanon dates back to the end of World War One after Ottoman Turkish forces in Syria occupied the territory and appointed a Turkish ruler. Lebanon was captured by British imperial forces in 1918 and in 1920 the League of Nations gave France a mandate over the country which lasted until the 1940s. During those twenty years the authorities revised the Lebanese constitution and developed infrastructure, education and the economy along French lines.
A 2006 file photo of UNIFIL troops in Lebanon
Macron has also said he plans to travel to Iran in 2018. If he does so, he would become the first French leader in nearly 50 years to visit the country. In 1971, the then Shah organized a sumptuous event to celebrate 2,500 years of the Persian Empire, believed to have been the most expensive 3-day party ever. Prime Minister Jacques Chaban-Delmas attended in the place of President Georges Pompidou.
France played a significant role, along with Germany, in the landmark 2015 deal designed to contain Iran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting international sanctions.
Watch video 02:05 Share Middle East: proxy conflicts Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2nR19 Tensions run high between Saudi Arabia and Iran
amp,jm/sms (Reuters, AFP, AP, dpa)
(click here for a raw shot)
I went to a new sim, Pinoy Hideout, earlier today to explore and look around. The sim was designed by the talented Neva Crystall. The owner of the sim is Lovelykitten Resident and there is also a photo contest for those that like to explore and take images.
Even though I have a somewhat decent computer, it took me quite a long time to get it all to rez, and even in these images, you can see that some of the ground textures are not fully rezzed. This happens to me in lots of places.
Then I logged in and went there using SL GO and everything rezzed right away, with no issues. Isn't it funny that a mobile app works faster than my computer? I don't know, I must be doing something wrong in my settings.
SL GO has recently started a “Refer-A-Friend” program. Anyone can earn $10 for every referral who converts to a paid SL Go subscriber. This offer is only good for a limited time, until January 7, 2015. I thought I would sign up for this program and share my link with you guys, but then realized that whatever money I earn from this will probably be spent on new shoes for me. So I figured instead of doing that, I'll share Draxtor Despres' link. He says the money from this program will be put towards the weekly Drax Files podcast. If you've never heard the Drax Files Radio Hour podcast before, click over to the site now and have a listen to some of them. They are very informative and help me keep up to date on all the events in Second Life and throughout the tech world.
Draxtor also did a little ad for SL GO recently which features himself and his son…and a Torley Linden right at the end! It was rather amusing as he played on the stereotype that SLers are all anti-social and don't go out anywhere. Also, he's got some serious skills on the skateboard! Click over to check out the ad on youtube, also embedding it below.
Credits:
*Skin: -Glam Affair – Angelica V2 – Jamaica 02 F by Aida Ewing (@ Kustom9)
*Hair: MINA Hair – Natasja (materials) by Mina Nakamura (@ TLC)
*Sweater: Coquet. Laila M – Cream Solid by Tabitha Marquez (@ TLC)
*Jeans: GizzA – Virginia Jeans [DarkBlue] Size XXS by Giz Seorn (flickr)
*Bag: .ANE Messenger Leather Bag BROWN by Anemysk Karu (flickr)
*Umbrella: *BOOM* Rain no rain umbrella. -pitch- by Aranel Ah (blog)
*Necklace: MG – Necklace – Bahia Beauty 1 by Maxi Gossamer (@ Fameshed)
*Shoes: {Livalle} Evoke -Platform Boots- by Lindsey Warwick (coming soon)
*Mesh Hands: Slink Avatar Enhancement Hands – Casual by Siddean Munro
*Pose: Label Motion Noa Pose 5 – by anne Dakun (flickr)
Location: Pinoy Hideout
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
QUITO/LONDON (Reuters) - Britain on Wednesday warned Ecuador that it could raid its London embassy if Quito does not hand over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has been taking refuge at the mission since mid-June.
Ecuador's Foreign Affairs Minister Ricardo Patino attends a news conference at his office in Quito August 15, 2012. REUTERS/Guillermo Granja
In Quito, the Ecuadorean government said that any such action would be considered a violation of its sovereignty a “hostile and intolerable act.”
“Under British law we can give them a weeks' notice before entering the premises and the embassy will no longer have diplomatic protection,” a Foreign Office spokesman said. “But that decision has not yet been taken. We are not going to do this overnight. We want to stress that we want a diplomatically agreeable solution.”
In Quito, the government bristled at the threat and said it would announce its decision on Assange's asylum request on Thursday at 7 a.m. (1200 GMT).
“We want to be very clear, we're not a British colony. The colonial times are over,” Ecuadorean Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino said in an angry statement after a meeting with President Rafael Correa.
“The move announced in the official British statement, if it happens, would be interpreted by Ecuador as an unfriendly, hostile and intolerable act, as well as an attack on our sovereignty, which would force us to respond in the strongest diplomatic way,” Patino told reporters.
Ecuador, whose government is part of a left-leaning bloc of nations in South America, called for meetings of regional foreign ministers and the hemispheric Organization of American States to rally support in its complaint against Britain.
WANTED IN SWEDEN
The Australian has been in the embassy for eight weeks since losing a legal battle to avoid extradition to Sweden, where he has been accused of rape and sexual assault by two WikiLeaks supporters.
“The UK has a legal obligation to extradite Mr Assange to Sweden to face questioning over allegations of sexual offences and we remain determined to fulfill this obligation,” a Foreign Office spokesman said earlier.
Swedish prosecutors have not yet charged Assange, but they have moved forward with their investigations and they believe they have a case to take to trial.
Assange fears Sweden could send him on to the United States, where he believes authorities want to punish him for publishing thousands of secret U.S. diplomatic cables on WikiLeaks in 2010 in a major embarrassment for Washington.
Even if he were granted asylum, Assange has little chance of leaving the Ecuadorean embassy in London without being arrested.
The red-brick embassy building, just outside London's famed Harrods department store, was under tight surveillance late into the night, with three police officers manning the entrance and several others patrolling around the premises of the building.
There has been speculation he could travel to an airport in a diplomatic car, be smuggled out in a diplomatic bag, or even be appointed an Ecuadorean diplomat to give him immunity.
But lawyers and diplomats see those scenarios as practically unworkable.
The Ecuadorean government has said it wants to avoid Assange's extradition to Sweden, but approval of asylum would offer no legal protection in Britain where police will arrest him once they get a chance.
“The question of asylum is arguably a red herring,” said former British government lawyer Carl Gardner.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Ecuador's leader Correa is a self-declared enemy of “corrupt” media and U.S. “imperialism”, and apparently hit it off with Assange during a TV interview the Australian did with him in May.
Correa joked then with Assange that he had joined “the club of the persecuted”.
Some, though, find Assange's connection with Ecuador odd, given that Correa is labeled a persecutor of the media by journalism freedom groups.
Let it never be said that Google is boring. Co-founder Larry Page today announced the creation of "Alphabet," a new corporation that will comprise Google and other previously Google-held properties to better allow them to act and grow independently. The change was announced across Google's collection of blog sites, as well as at the new (and cleverly domained) site abc.xyz.
Page will serve as CEO of Alphabet. Sergey Brin, who co-founded Google with Page in 1998, will serve as president. Shares of Google stock were up more than $30 a share in early after-hours trading. So why make this huge business change? Page states:
We've long believed that over time companies tend to get comfortable doing the same thing, just making incremental changes. But in the technology industry, where revolutionary ideas drive the next big growth areas, you need to be a bit uncomfortable to stay relevant. Our company is operating well today, but we think we can make it cleaner and more accountable.
Alphabet will consist of a number of companies, of which Google will be the largest. Page says:
Alphabet Inc. will replace Google Inc. as the publicly-traded entity and all shares of Google will automatically convert into the same number of shares of Alphabet, with all of the same rights. Google will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet. Our two classes of shares will continue to trade on Nasdaq as GOOGL and GOOG."
So why call the new company Alphabet? Again, Page says:
We liked the name Alphabet because it means a collection of letters that represent language, one of humanity's most important innovations, and is the core of how we index with Google search! We also like that it means alpha-bet (Alpha is investment return above benchmark), which we strive for! I should add that we are not intending for this to be a big consumer brand with related products--the whole point is that Alphabet companies should have independence and develop their own brands.
Some of the other companies that will be under the new Alphabet umbrella include its health businesses like Life Sciences and Calico, along with its X lab efforts. Each of these businesses will have its own CEO, which will receive guidance from Page and Brin. The new Alphabet company has already launched its own website, but it's a pretty bare-bones affair at the moment. Update: In a Form 8-K filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, Google offered up some more info on the new Alphabet company structure, including confirming that Eric Schmidt will be the Executive Chairman for the new company. As expected, Android, YouTube, apps, search and maps will remain under the Google subsidiary. However, businesses like Google Fiber, Nest, Google X and others will be managed as separate subsidiaries. The filing added:
Saurian Translator
Saurian Translator v7
Enter text above to convert between English and the fictional Saurian language. Proper nouns can be partially detected if that feature is enabled. To manually define proper nouns, place a backslash (\) character on either side.
About Saurian
Saurian is a cipher language created for the game Star Fox Adventures. The game takes place on a planet called Dinosaur Planet. The natives of the planet (several dinosaur tribes and one mammoth tribe) and Krystal (a blue fox girl) speak in a language that was known as "Dino Language." In later games, the planet was called "Sauria." I coined an unofficial term "Saurian" for the language because it's easier to say.
Conversion Rules
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z English
U R S T O V W X A Z B C M D E F G H J K I L N P 0 Q Saurian
On most unrooted, stock, Android phones, enabling tethering will run a "Provisioning Check" with your wireless provider to ensure that your data plan allows tethering. This post documents Tethr, a way to bypass the provisioning check on Android devices prior to version 7.1.2. After discovering this method I reported it to the Android bug bounty fixing the issue and receiving CVE-2017-0554.
Background
The ability to tether is controlled by your device's build.prop file, usually located at /system/build.prop . The default is to require the provisioning check before enabling tethering, but it can by bypassed by adding the following line:
net.tethering.noprovisioning=true
Unrooted devices can't edit /system/build.prop , so it is up to the ROM manufacturer to set this property. Some devices like the Google Nexus 6P default to net.tethering.noprovisioning=true . But this is an exception and not the norm. The Google Nexus 5X, Pixel, and Pixel 2 all perform provisioning checks.
Overview
When enabling tethering on Android, the OS will first do a provisioning check with the carrier to determine if the user's plan allows tethering. If allowed, tethering is enabled, otherwise a message is displayed to the user.
If there is no sim card inserted then no provisioning check is performed, and tethering is allowed. Additionally, if tethering is enabled on a phone with no sim (not that this scenario would be of much use) and a SIM is then inserted, tethering is disabled as it should be.
However, if tethering is enabled while the radio is connecting, no provisioning check will be performed, and tethering will remain enabled after the radio connection is established.
The first issue I discovered is the ability for a user-installed application on a stock OS to reset the cellular modem. The second issue is the lack of a provisioning check once the cellular modem has finished reconnecting.
Together these bugs allow the Android OS to operate as if net.tethering.noprovisioning=true were specified in build.prop , even if it is not.
Tethr Demo
Before I dive into the details, observe the following video which demonstrates when enabling tethering in the Android system UI, a provisioning check is performed and tethering is not allowed. Then when using the Tethr demo app, the signal meter loses signal when the modem is resetting, and then tethering is successfully enabled.
Source code: github.com/lanrat/tethr
Compiled APK: Tethr.apk
Issue 1: Resetting radio via reflection
Java Reflection in Android can be used to allow application code to make calls to undocumented, or hidden APIs. This is not officially supported, and often strongly discouraged. It can however, allow app developers to do unsupported things, or in this case, bypass a permission check.
Resetting the cellular radio is performed in CellRefresh.java by calling CellRefresh.Refresh() .
CellRefresh does a number of things to reset the cellular connection on most Android versions, but on Android 6+ the following reflections are used:
getSystemService(Context.TELEPHONY_SERVICE).getITelephony().setCellInfoListRate() getSystemService(Context.CONNECTIVITY_SERVICE).mService.setMobileDataEnabled();
Older Android versions use the following reflections:
getSystemService(Context.CONNECTIVITY_SERVICE).mService.setRadio(); getSystemService(Context.TELEPHONY_SERVICE).getITelephony().disableDataConnectivity() getSystemService(Context.TELEPHONY_SERVICE).getITelephony().enableDataConnectivity()
Solution
The methods used should require the application to have the system or privileged permissions.
Issue 2: Tethering provisioning check race condition
In order to exploit the race condition and bypass the tethering provisioning check an Android PhoneStateListener and AccessibilityService are used to programmatically enable the desired tethering mode at exactly the right time.
First the network is reset as described above. While the reset is being performed the PhoneStateListener (TetherPhoneStateListener.java) listens for when the cellular network is down and then starts the system's settings tethering dialog where the AccessibilityService (TetherAccessibilityService.java) finds the correct UI switch and toggles it.
The AccessibilityService and PhoneStateListener are not strictly required for this exploit. The user can manually toggle tethering at the correct time to have the same effect. Automating the process with an AccessibilityService makes the process easier to reproduce.
Solution
The provisioning check should happen each time the radio is reset when tethering is enabled in addition to check when enabling tethering.
Testing
Tested Wireless Carriers:
Verizon
AT&T
Tested phones (all stock, locked bootloaders, OEM OS):
Nexus 5X running Android 6.0.1
Nexus 5X running Android 7.0.0
Nexus 5X running Android 7.1.1
Samsung Galaxy S7 running Android 6.0.1
Untested but should also work on:
Pixel (XL)
Other non-nexus devices that perform a provisioning check
As the Nexus 6P already has net.tethering.noprovisioning=true set in its stock build.prop there is no need for this exploit.
Fixes
After submitting to the Android Bug Bounty Google created two patches for Android 7.1.2 which fixed this issue.
Patch 1: Added permission check for setCellInfoListRate
Patch 2: Fixed the logic for tethering provisioning re-evaluation
After fixing the issue Google was kind enough to give me a Pixel XL for reporting it to their bug bounty.
Police arrested a man on Monday they said allegedly murdered a 12-year-old girl last month after she texted her mother that somebody was knocking on their door.
Yhoana Arteaga was last seen around 12:30 p.m. on Aug. 10 when she had lunch with her mother at their Nashville home, according to WKRN. The girl then texted her mother around 5:30 p.m. to say someone was knocking on the door.
When the girl's mother returned home about an hour later with Arteaga's 14-year-old sister and 10-year-old brother, she found her daughter's body, police said.
Roy Coons, 45, who lived two doors down from the Arteaga family, was arrested on Monday.
Lt. William Mackall had previously said that it was believed the victim knew her assailant since there were no obvious signs of forced entry into the house.
"This is a horrible, brutal thing," Sgt. David Kautzman of the Metro Nashville Police Department said at a press conference in August. "I've never seen anything this brutal in my entire career."
Police said Arteaga died from strangulation and suffered blunt force trauma and hemorrhaging and had bruises around her face and neck.
“An examination of the crime scene, as well as autopsy results, show that Yhoana was, frankly, brutally murdered,” Aaron said at Tuesday's press conference.
Coons are charged with first-degree premeditated murder, first-degree felony murder, attempted rape of a child, and aggravated burglary, according to the Metro Nashville Police Department.
Scientific evidence including DNA helped lead police to Coons, officials said, adding that he has a lengthy criminal record with 30 convictions since 1992.
Arteaga was a seventh-grade student at Liberty Collegiate Academy. Police said she did not attend classes the week of her death because she was home recovering from a roller-skating injury.
"Our hearts are broken as we mourn the loss of Yhoana Arteaga," the school posted on its Facebook page when she died.
"Our thoughts are with Yhoana's family during this incredible difficult time ... We love you, Yhoana."
Jeff Berwick
Activist Post
For millions it is already too late.
They won't realize the geopolitical winds which are now blowing. Off in their own lala land, the average American will be focused on sports, celebrities, what the right amount of stealing (taxes) in society is, gay rights, which foreign countries “we” should bomb next, the first woman president, and so on and so forth, while their livelihoods are sacrificed in the name of the US government.
They will wake up one morning, and their prospects will be gloomier than they are now. Don't think such a thing happens? This exact thing just happened in Ukraine. Devastation. People wake up one morning and suddenly everything they had worked so hard for is gone. “Oh, but that's Ukraine!” you might say. “Not here in the US.”
Well, when you realize that a lot of the policies now being instituted in Ukraine were supported by the US government and the International Monetary Fund, which is largely funded by the US government, then maybe, just maybe you will start to see things differently. If not, I understand. Public schools are not kind institutions to reason. If that's not reason enough just consider the growing police state.
Jim Rogers recently discussed with Yahoo! Finance how all Western governments are bankrupt, which we cover regularly, stating “There is no sound currency anymore…There's no paper money in 2014 and 2015 that's going to be worth much of anything.”
Bloomberg recently reported that the US dollar reached a two-year low, its weakest level since November 2011. Furthermore, the US dollar has lost 38.5% of its value since 2002. Rogers predicted the US will soon abandon the dollar for another currency!
“For the first time in recorded history we have all major banks and central governments around the world printing huge amounts of money,” Rogers said. “This has never happened in world history and so the world is floating on an artificial ocean… of lots and lots of printed money,” said Rogers.
“The debt is going higher and higher. The money printing is going higher and higher. We've had 50 or 60 years of success in America,” he said. “You've got to pay the price someday whether you like it or not. The longer you delay the day of reckoning, the worse the day of reckoning is going to be. This is not going to be fun.”
THE SOLUTION
“Abolish the Federal Reserve,” Rogers stated. “The world has gotten along quite famously and well without central banks for most of world history.”
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
“America has had three central banks in our history, the first two disappeared,” he said. “This one's going to disappear too because they keep taking on huge amounts of debt… they keep leveraging up the balance sheet… they keep making mistake after mistake… they're printing money, it's going to self-destruct before it's over…We'd be better off with no central bank than this central bank.”
EVERY LAST PENNY
It's no wonder why the IRS, Social Security and Treasury are going after hardworking ordinary Americans. The government is flat-out broke! They must simply get their hands on as much cash as possible, as quickly as possible, to delay the inevitable – US dollar abandonment and inevitable collapse.
We reported last week how the Bureau of Land Management invaded Nevada in order to ready the land to be passed onto the Chinese. As you see, the US government is in so much debt, it is selling off parcels of land to creditors. But before it does that, it will have to go to war with the American people… Many government officials have confirmed the standoff there is not over and Ron Paul has warned against a WACO-style siege.
Then, just yesterday, we reported how Social Security and Treasury are stealing tax refunds to satisfy decade-old debts…oftentimes parents' debts. (it turns out this recently was ceased until further investigation, a testament to how getting the word out can change things for the better)
The feds are so desperate they are pondering taxing employee perks like free food at lavish cafeterias, laundry and even yoga.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! We here at The Dollar Vigilante know this information can be overwhelming. The sad thing is, we are not being hyperbolic. We cannot underscore in a daily blog the severity of the situation in which we find ourselves. CONCLUSION Something big is going on behind the scenes. Bankers are committing suicide or being murdered, and the finance minister of Canada just died. We are turning a corner and all of the debts and money printing is going to have a massive effect possibly as soon as this year, as Jim Rogers notes. Precious metals have been in a consolidation period for years now, and TDV anticipated this and told our premium readers to go long cash, but now I personally am turning hyperbullish on precious metals, precious metals stocks and aggressive on shorting the overall stock market and I will write more about this in the April issue of TDV. (For more information on our subscriber area, click here.) Capital controls have been ratcheted up across the entire world. We've been covering the slow progression here, and with Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act coming into full effect July 1st, 2014, we believe we are in the final months when Americans can easily get their money outside of the US. If you have assets in the US, you're on the precipice of being too late! You should be running, not walking, to the lifeboats. Remember, even the US government will be forced to abandon the dollar. At the TDV Wealth Management Crisis Conference the experts at TDV Wealth Management will set you on the right footing to survive The End Of The Monetary System As We Know It. (TEOTMSAWKI) If you are unsure if the conference meets your needs feel free to email or call us for a free consultation on your affairs. You can email us at [email protected] or call +1-646-568-5518 Ext. 516.
Anarcho-Capitalist. Libertarian. Freedom fighter against mankind's two biggest enemies, the State and the Central Banks. Jeff Berwick is the founder of The Dollar Vigilante, CEO of TDV Media & Services and host of the popular video podcast, Anarchast. Jeff is a prominent speaker at many of the world's freedom, investment and gold conferences as well as regularly in the media including CNBC, CNN and Fox Business.
The next step down in quality is bonded leather. This has many applications as well. Bonded leather is to leather what particle board is to wood. Particle board comes from waste wood products sprayed with liquid resin or glue so they can be used in place of more expensive wood to create products like shelving or inexpensive furniture. Likewise, bonded leather comes from the collected waste products of leather processing, reconstituted to create a less expensive alternative to better leather. Bonded leather is also embossed with natural leather-like texture to give it more appeal. Many affordably priced Bibles, book bindings, diaries, photo albums, and slim pocket agendas are made of bonded leather.
When you buy something made of leather, I recommend that you ask the sales associate to tell you what kind of leather it is. If they can't say this with confidence, you might ask to speak to another associate with more product knowledge. If none of the associates can tell you, you may be in the wrong store. Training is readily available in our industry, as the Travel Goods Association (TGA) provides a comprehensive course that allows a sales associate to become a product expert.
In any event, if you see a "Genuine Leather" label on a product you are thinking of buying, you now have the education to make an informed decision.
Sachin Tendulkar on the Harbhajan-Symonds altercation: " I asked Bhajji not to rise to it but to continue batting the way he was. I knew only too well that by retaliating he would just play into the Australians' hands." © Getty Images
Sachin Tendulkar has revealed the Indian team was ready to abandon their tour of Australia in 2007-08 and accept the consequences, following a three-match ban imposed by match referee Mike Procter on Harbhajan Singh because of an altercation with Andrew Symonds during the Sydney Test.
Writing about the incident known as Monkeygate in his autobiography Playing It My Way, Tendulkar says, like he did during the inquiry, that "Harbhajan Singh had not racially abused" Symonds and that the issue "almost caused the tour to be called off."
"I must reiterate we were very serious about the boycott … and we were fully prepared to accept the consequences of walking out on the tour, knowing that such an action might have resulted in the ICC banning the Indian team," Tendulkar writes. The Indians, who lost the controversial Sydney Test, were due to travel to Canberra for a tour game but decided, "to lodge an appeal against the decision and in a gesture of protest also decided not to travel to Canberra … It was a time for stern words and strong action."
India were ready to leave the tour because they did not agree with Procter's verdict, "and felt that the hearing in Sydney [after the Test] had been something of a farce." Tendulkar took exception to the words used by Procter in his statement: "I believe one group is telling the truth."
He writes, "That he banned Bhajji for three months seemed to show up which group in his opinion was lying. It is never a pleasant thing to be called a liar and I was extremely angry." Tendulkar, who was with Harbhajan at the crease when the altercation took place, describes the incident:
"Bhajji had gone past 50 when it all started. For a number of overs he had been telling me that Andrew Symonds was trying to get him riled. I asked Bhajji not to rise to it but to continue batting the way he was. I knew only too well that by retaliating he would just play into the Australians' hands. The best thing to do is to ignore such provocation. That's easy enough to say, but of course it's not always so easy to keep your cool at moments of intense pressure.
"Bhajji was doing his best and was actually trying to be civil with some of the Australian players, including Brett Lee, when all hell broke loose. Bhajji had playfully tapped Lee on the back after completing a run and Symonds at mid off took exception to this. He apparently did not want an opposition player meddling with Lee and once again hurled abuse at Bhajji. Bhajji is an impulsive and passionate individual and it was only a matter of time before he would retaliate, which he soon did."
Tendulkar says the skirmish began, "because Andrew Symonds had been continually trying to provoke Bhajj and it was inevitable that the two would have an altercation at some point. While walking up to Bhajji to try to calm things down, I heard him say 'Teri maa ki' (Your mother . . .) to Symonds. It is an expression we often use in north India to vent our anger and to me it was all part of the game."
He writes he was, "surprised to see umpire Mark Benson go up to Bhajji and speak to him. While the umpire was talking to Bhajji, some of the Australian players started to warn him of the dire consequences of his words, presumably to rattle him and disturb his concentration. The ploy paid off when a few overs later Bhajji was out for 63."
At that stage Tendulkar said he thought the "matter had ended" with Harbhajan being dismissed, but was surprised a formal complaint had been lodged with the allegation of Harbhajan having called Symonds a "monkey" - a racial insult. "What surprised me most was the haste with which the Australians had lodged their complaint." Tendulkar said he found out later that during Australia's tour of India in October 2007, following an incident in Mumbai, the two boards had instructed their captains to report any incident with "racial elements" to the match referee. "Even so, I still believe that the matter would not have been blown so out of proportion if Ponting had discussed it with the captain Anil Kumble, Harbhajan and the Indian team management before reporting the incident to Mike Procter, the match referee. In turn, Mike Procter could also have handled the matter with a little more sensitivity."
After the incident, Tendulkar writes the Sydney Test "assumed a completely different character" and describes the Indians fighting to save the match in the face of a spate of controversial umpiring decisions and what he calls, "rather unsportsmanlike conduct" by some of the Australians.
"By the fifth day we were batting to save the game. Mind you, there is little doubt in my mind that we would have drawn had it not been for what seemed to us to be mistakes by the umpires and some rather unsportsmanlike conduct by a few of the Australian players. Rahul Dravid was given out caught behind off Symonds for 38 by umpire Bucknor when his bat seemed to be a fair distance away from the ball. The wicketkeeper Adam Gilchrist was standing up to the stumps at the time and was in the best position to see if the ball had touched Rahul's bat. Yet he who prided himself on walking off if he nicked the ball appealed for the caught-behind and to our disbelief we saw the umpire raise the finger. It was a shocking decision. Some of us actually wondered if Rahul had been given out lbw."
Following Dravid's dismissal, Ganguly was given out when, "Michael Clarke and Ricky Ponting decided to appeal for what we thought was a grassed catch at slip. Finally, umpire Bucknor gave Dhoni out leg-before when to us the ball would clearly have missed the stumps. It seemed that every decision that could go against us had done so."
Despite the nature of the defeat, Tendulkar says he made it a point to, "go out and congratulate the Australians, regardless of all the controversy and disappointment." His gesture was reciprocated in Perth, when after India's historic victory, "Brett Lee and Adam Gilchrist also came to our dressing room to congratulate us and it was a gesture that was much appreciated." The team had arrived in Perth, "with a sense of purpose. We all felt hurt by what had transpired in Sydney and the best way to vent our anger was on the cricket field. And that is what we did."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The dates when President Donald Trump will return for his next visit to Palm Beach have been released, via a Federal Aviation Administration advisory.
The notice posted Monday morning warns pilots that temporary flight restrictions for a VIP will be in effect over Palm Beach from Thursday through Sunday.
» COMPLETE COVERAGE: President Donald Trump in Palm Beach
The Palm Beach Daily News reported exclusively yesterday that Trump told guests in the dining room at his Trump International Golf Club in suburban West Palm Beach that he would return for Easter weekend.
However, the FAA advisory provides a look at just how long the president will be in town for his seventh stay since taking office in January.
» PHOTOS: Trump in Palm Beach through the years
Trump and his family have spent Easter at Mar-a-Lago in the past. Last year, he attended the Easter service at the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea with first lady Melania Trump and their son, Barron.
The president just wrapped up his sixth trip to Palm Beach, one that included a summit with China's President Xi Jinping, a U.S. missile strike on Syria and two rounds of golf.
» NEW: The Palm Beach church where Trump could attend Easter service
» Trump to bring back presidential Easter in Palm Beach after 54 years
One of the best aspects of a horror game is atmosphere. A successful horror game is one in which the elements within create a scary experience all their own, without necessitating jump scares, gore, or shock. This can be done through music, environment, or by the utter loneliness and fear of death around every corner, and it's rare for a game to accomplish this in all aspects. Stairs is one of those games. A game where even when I figure out there isn't actually anything waiting to kill me, I still found myself obsessively peeking around corners and rushing from hallway to hallway. It is when the only monster is in your imagination that you know you've got a great horror game on your hands.
It's actually hard to write about a game like this, because it requires “spoiling the atmosphere” a bit. This doesn't just mean story spoilers (though, those are also included here), but even certain basic mechanics and aspects are done in such a way that, if you know how they work, it can make the experience less fun or, less horrifying, but that's why it's fun. So for once, here is a summary of the review before the review starts for those who may desire the full experience: yes, Stairs is a good game. A great horror game. A truly terrifying experience. Not without faults of course—it has the “too much talking” issue in parts and some of the environments are built to make you think you can traverse them when you can't (I got stuck multiple times thinking I could squeeze through to a door but I actually couldn't). But honestly, it is one of the more traditionally scary games I've played this year, and it doesn't rely on jump scares. In fact, it doesn't have any jumpscares. Occasionally a noise might spook you, but it's less a jump scare and more you're becoming so focused that any tiny deviation shocks you. If you need a game for Halloween that will truly scare you, no gimmicks, play this.
The story is a bit confusing at first, and the way it's told is ingenious if not disorienting (but hey, what's a horror game without the mystery). You are a journalist named Christopher Adams who is searching for the next big story and decide the appropriate course of action is to investigate an abandoned warehouse where a gruesome murder of a missing woman has taken place. You wander down into the basement, and from there things get weird.
You climb down the stairs (roll credits) and come across a woman begging for help, who you believe to be the supposedly dead victim, Valerie. She begs you to help her escape, but you immediately get the sinking suspicion that all is not what it appears, especially after she hangs herself mid-rescue. When you get inside the room, her corpse is gone, and her voice still echoes through the halls. (Fun story, at one point I looked in the room to check up on her, and didn't see her, then did a 360 and she was just sitting by the bookshelf, and I'm still not sure if this was intentional or I just wasn't paying attention but good job either way).
This is a survival horror game of the purest kind. You must complete the game solely on your wits and perserverence, wielding nothing but your camera, which is a neat mechanic I'll explain in a second. Your main obstacle is your own jarring fear. Honestly, the game almost feels like a slightly more meaty walking simulator at the start, because of the lack of any true threat or even, apparently, a fail condition. But you only really get that impression thinking back to it, because the atmosphere so successfully tricks you into being afraid.
In the first section, for instance, you come across a silhouette painted on the wall. It does nothing. Will never attack you. But I still found myself never ever turning my back to these things because, y'know, the one time I'm not looking at them they're gonna kill me. There are actual challenges later in the game you can fail, and one section with an actual monster.
The main mechanic of the game is your tasks to photograph certain things—which you log in your journal—and later, find you must use your camera to uncover hidden doors, levers, and to view otherwise unviewable messages and hints. It does suffer from the Outlast problem, where there is no battery or anything preventing you from ever putting your camera away, but it's only a slight problem. Some addition, to discourage using the camera constantly, may have been warranted, but that's more a nit pick than anything.
After the first room, you find more stairs—you see the pattern here—and you find yourself in a mine, discovering notes from one of the supposed murderers of the woman above, talking about finding an escape. This is the only time in the game you come across actual monsters, and this segment is probably the most horrifying. Not the part where the monster is stalking you, though that part is as spooky as you expect. You get a night vision peripheral and have to wander through a maze while avoiding what appear to be wendigos (as in, the horrifying creatures from Until Dawn that are born when a human resorts to cannibalism). The real horrifying part is when these things aren't attacking you. Stairs really banks on the power of imagination and it does it tremendously well. This was probably the scariest “level” of the game because of the impending threat. The wendigos only really come out later, but you feel ready to run during all segments, and occasionally catch what seems like glimpses of them. Unfortunately, I didn't get any screenshots of these. Mostly because every time I saw one I was too busy thinking about all the way I was going to die and have to start over.
After the mine you end up in a small mountain town that at first glance seems to be some kind of cult, led by the other alleged kidnapper, Remens. Things get especially supernatural for a bit and your player character even seems to become more involved. There's a very intense segment where you have to chase a light through a dark cavern, without falling behind or losing sight of it. It isn't scary, but it is eerie. Another segment requires you to uncover hidden levers by taking pictures of where they should be. The mixed mechanics and puzzles are a pretty good strength but also something of a weakness. Aside from the photographing mechanic, the tasks seem very loosely connected, and often don't include the main mechanic at all. It isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the story already seems somewhat unfocused because of the vastly different environments. Most of the puzzles and tasks are still interesting ideas though so you can probably give it a pass.
Probably the biggest problem I had with the game is that it is not without bugs. There's actually quite a few bugs, most of them related to you or other objects getting stuck in the environment. On one occasion, a wendigo got stuck on a door and I had to let myself die in order to continue. The game crashed once and I had to replay a section again. The camera is often very picky about the angle and distance from which you can take pictures. And the loading and rendering times break up the action a bit too much. These are all very technical, but they often take you right out of that otherwise excellent atmosphere—the only time I could ever feel afraid when getting stuck on a rock is when I was running from something, and that's more frustrating than anything.
Now, SPOILERS, but I really want to talk about the ending. While the end is a bit weird from a storytelling perspective, it's also fairly unexpected and makes a pretty crucial point. Not that I like politicizing my games but this one actually takes a turn I've never seen a horror game make. Remember how I said lots of horror games seem to be about journalists? Stairs is the first horror game I've ever seen where them being a journalist actually turns out an important factor in the story.
Throughout the game you seem to get the impression some characters know you, and at the end everything seem disrupted by a booming voice taking to you directly. You have to walk back through each level, as this narrator ties them together, revealing that who you believed to be murderers and killers were actually cancer victims who wanted to go out “on their own terms.” They make a not so subtle hint that Adams, the player character, painted those people as killers through his writing and created the monsters he saw. It's an intriguing ending, and makes me think the game might be good as required play for all journalists. From a more technical standpoint though, it has some problems.
Namely, there isn't much buildup to this. You don't really relate to Adams much, who mostly interacts by documenting what he sees in the journal. But his reactions aren't relateable, and he seems completely aloof to the supernatural things happening. If you walked downstairs and somehow ended up on a mountain, a normal person would react to that. It doesn't seem to phase him. We don't learn anything about him personally, what he's written about it, or who he is. So this sudden epiphany, while interesting, isn't as striking as it could be. For a minute, I was just confused, because I hadn't gotten any glimpse of this guy doing something wrong. If he had been given more suitable reactions, and more buildup to this character, it may have hit harder. In the aftermath, you can see it. His first priority when investigating this murder was for himself, regardless of the victim. But when he comes across the victim, and she asks for help, he obliges despite the looming danger, so he doesn't seem all so terrible. Mostly, to be absolutely blunt, he just seems kind of dumb. His priorities are whacked, but not in a sinister way, just in a “Why are you so concerned about that bookshelf when there's a dead body in the corner there” kind of way. He's oblivious, but he's not a monster in the way the game suggests.
So, ignore that, and maybe take the ending as something directed at you, the player. Obviously, it's specified for journalists, but that idea about sensationalizing and painting people as monsters, without ever knowing the whole story, is pretty common in all society. While most horror games tend to have messages against greed, or the overreach of science, this one stands out to me.
Stairs overall has an interesting story, a pretty well-done mechanic, but mostly it has amazing atmosphere in not one but three different environments, ranging from terrifying to eerie but always appropriate. The music and sound-mixing, pacing, all blows the atmosphere out of the park. It's something of a “haunted house” game, where you just sort of wander through and, realistically, there is very little that will actually hurt you. But it makes you think there is something to hurt you, and that's when a horror game is most terrifying. The bugs do take away from it, but they don't make the game unplayable. The story is not the best, and some of this may be because this game was translated from another language—Swedish, I believe, but I could be wrong—but it is a well-intentioned story, and the way it is told is what allows for the many environments, making it where you can never just get used to the atmosphere. It could do with more focus and some polish, but for what it is, I was very impressed by it, and I would likely play it again despite it being mostly linear.
Now, if you aren't convinced, there is a demo for this game on GameJolt. The pre-alpha demo, which I played before this title, but is more like an interactive teaser since this particular level doesn't appear in the full game (unless the levels are actually randomized and there is a lot more too it, though I got no indication of this. When I replay the game, if I get different levels, I'll make sure to update this). This demo is free and doesn't include the camera mechanic, but the atmosphere is similarly disturbing. You can check it out here. If you want the full game, you can get it on Steam for $12.99. This is a bit steep, considering a single playthrough is only about 3 to 4 hours. But it's still cheaper than seeing another Paranormal Activity.
Stairs are provided by the developer and reviewed on Steam.
8.5 Great Summary There are bugs, and the story's kinda weird, but the atmosphere is so perfect, you'll forgive it.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
Photo credit: LaCiencibilidad/Twitter
Ever wonder what it's like to bite into a drop of water?
Yes, bite. Visitors to two locations of Japanese confectionery Kinseiken Seika can find out precisely that (or the closest thing to it) by ordering mizu shingen mochi, a clear rice cake dessert resembling an enormous water drop.
The dessert is reportedly made with water from the Japanese Alps, and has a texture so delicate that after spending 30 minutes at room temperature, it disintegrates entirely.
And what does it taste like? It “has a pleasant natural sweetness” and “goes incredibly smoothly down your throat,” according to a tweet translated by the Asian culture site Rocket News 24.
"The sensation of eating the water cake was a bit surprising, since it felt like the cake turned into water in your mouth, but it was delicious," reads another translated tweet. “Highly recommended!”
Check out a few more pictures below, and be awed.
View photos
Photo credit: berry_summer/Twitter
View photos
Photo credit: Jeeslot/Twitter
View photos
Photo credit: ‏@Moth2DaSWANG/Twitter
[via That's Nerdalicious]
Image caption The Mistral-class warship is capable of carrying helicopters and troops
France has agreed to build two advanced warships for the Russian navy, French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said.
The ships are part of a deal - which alarmed France's Nato allies - to supply Mistral-class vessels.
The 23,000-tonne warships, costing $388m (£254m) each, can carry troops or helicopters and are used in amphibious assaults.
In February it was announced that France had agreed to build one vessel and Russia had requested three others.
'Russian friends'
Mr Sarkozy said the details of the contract were still being settled.
"With our Russian friends, you are going to build the two BPCs," Mr Sarkozy told workers at the STX shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, using the French abbreviation for the ships.
"We're still negotiating the contract, but the decision to go ahead is certain."
The deal, which is the first of its kind between France and its Cold War enemy, has caused alarm in Nato, as there are fears it will give Russia more cutting-edge technology.
In February a US official told reporters the US "had questions" for France about the order.
Intelligence officer says officers did not know rules on treatment of prisoners and one tried to mount 'arse-covering exercise' after Baha Mousa's death
An officer of the regiment detaining Baha Mousa, a Basra hotel worker, when he was beaten to death said his soldiers held the view that "all Iraqis were scum", it was disclosed today.
One officer tried to mount an "arse covering" exercise after Mousa's death, while others expressed ignorance of basic rules covering the treatment of prisoners, the public inquiry into the incident heard.
A military intelligence officer, identified only as SO [staff officer] 17, told the inquiry she was "amazed" at questions senior officers asked her about how prisoners should be treated.
Hooding, stress positions, noise-producing equipment and sleep deprivation were prohibited in a Joint Intelligence Committee document in 1972, the inquiry heard. They were banned by Edward Heath, then prime minister, after their use in Northern Ireland.
Giving evidence behind a screen, the witness said she was well aware of the 1972 ban and of obligations laid down by the Geneva conventions, and international and European law. The inquiry has heard how Mousa and other Iraqi civilians held with him were subjected to hooding, stress positions and punching.
Mousa, a 26-year-old receptionist, was beaten to death on 15 September 2003 on suspicion of being an insurgent. He sustained 93 separate injuries while in the custody of soldiers from 1 Battalion Queen's Lancashire Regiment (1QLR).
The intelligence officer, who was deployed to southern Iraq between July and December 2003, said that later that day she received a number of telephone calls from QLR officers. One, identified as Major Michael Peebles, had asked her what she described as basic questions about how prisoners should be handled, fed and watered, and how long they could be detained.
"I was amazed that this officer was asking me these questions as the unit should have been aware of policy," she said, adding: "I formed the distinct impression that this officer was hiding something from me." Asked by Gerard Elias QC, the inquiry counsel, why she got that impression, she replied that the officer had offered no reply when she told him: "If you've got any detainees then get them to me."
Asked why she believed a QLR officer was engaged in what she called an "exercise in covering someone's arse", she said it was because it was very unusual for her to get so many telephone calls from officers in a British battlegroup in Basra.
She described how two weeks later she received a further call from another QLR officer. It lasted between three and four hours. She added: "During the call, he seemed to be on a morality roller coaster, in that he would go on about the QLR mentality and the attitude held that all Iraqis were scum and then he would go on about the lack of training that soldiers had."
She said her caller, a male captain whose name she could not remember, "felt remorseful about Baha Mousa's death". The captain told her that "poor treatment of prisoners was common during the tour", she added.
The inquiry has heard that hooding of Iraqi detainees by British soldiers in Iraq was common. Today's witness, who described the practice as "inhumane", said she witnessed it rarely but when she did so she immediately ordered the hoods to be removed. She said alternatives, such as strips across the eyes or darkened goggles, were acceptable for a limited period.
She recalled one instance when a detainee had a "visible imprint of a boot on his back and others suffered from cut lips or bruises to their heads".
Lieutenant Colonel Nicholas Mercer, the army's most senior legal adviser in Iraq, told the inquiry last month that the way Iraqi detainees were intimidated and hooded by British soldiers was "repulsive". He was shocked, he said, adding that it was "a bit like seeing pictures of Guantánamo Bay for the first time".
Annalee Flower Horne's essay talks about the portrayal of sexual assault survivors in SF/F. While not graphic in detail, I thought a content warning was appropriate. As she notes, it's not that our genre never writes about assault; it's that we tend to do it badly.
I've always appreciated Princess Leia as an amazing character, but I'd never considered how powerful her portrayal and story might be to a child survivor. After reading this, I doubt I'll ever look at Leia in the same way.
When I was a kid, I loved Princess Leia.
She was smart and capable; a leader and a hero. And unlike Luke and Han, I could see myself in her. We were both girls.
We were also both assault survivors.
The original trilogy was on a lot in my house. I saw the Twi'lek dancer pulling away from Jabba with terror in her eyes. I saw Leia in that humiliating bikini. I knew what it meant.
These days, I'm mostly just disgusted with how the movie (and the fandom) handled it, but child-me wasn't disgusted.
Child-me saw an assault survivor who still got to be a badass. Leia left Tatooine and returned to her life as a leader of the rebellion. No one treated her differently or told her she couldn't do the things the boys do because someone might rape her. At the end of the movie, she got the dashing rogue and the happy ending.
I wanted to be just like her.
It may seem weird to talk about sexual assault for a series about representation, because sexual assault survivors are all over genre fiction. Jim has written about how much of a cliché it is, and TV Tropes has an extensive list of examples. But seeing representations that bear so little resemblance to your actual experience is damaging. Especially when so many of those representations portray people like you as fundamentally broken.
That's pretty much the life of a sexual assault survivor in fiction. We don't get to be the hero. We get to be brutally raped by the villain, leaving the hero—not us, mind you; the hero—scarred and hell-bent on avenging our virtue.
There's also the trope where writers throw a little agency our way, and we get to avenge our own virtue—but that's all we get to do. Our entire lives revolve around a thing that was done to us, to which the only “proper” response is murderous rage and possibly world domination.
I used to wonder if I was really a survivor, because I never tried to kill my attacker. He lived in my neighborhood. We made polite conversation at the park, and it was awkward as hell, but I never wanted to hurt him.
I certainly never tried to take over the world. I really don't know where writers get the idea that sexual assault causes sociopathy in survivors, but it's lazy bullshit and I wish that trope would just die already.
A lot of folks have suggested that all rape and survivor tropes should just die already. I remember reading one article suggesting that every time a woman on a TV show is raped, a male character should get his balls cut off, for parity.
It took me a long time to unpack why that bothered me, but it comes down to this: I have not been maimed. Popular media often drastically underplays how awful rape is, but it also overplays the fallout. I don't want to dismiss survivors who really do end up with acute stress disorder and severe PTSD. We need to hear those stories, because the people living them need to know they're not alone.
But that's not always how the story goes. One out of every five women is an assault survivor. If you think every woman you know has beaten those odds, it may be because survivors don't look and act like you think we will. Many survivors get on with our lives. We manage as well as we can. We heal.
For me, the effects have always been subtle. There are books I won't read and shows and movies I won't watch. I have a phobia you'd never guess was related to having been assaulted unless I told you.
I show up at work early, because we have open seating, and I want to be sure to get one of the desks with the wall behind it so people can't get behind me without passing through my peripheral vision first.
I'm happily married, with a steady job and a lot of friends. I build cool stuff and have too many fandoms, and don't actually spend a whole lot of time thinking about that thing that happened when I was a kid. I wrote most of this post while pacing around my neighborhood alone after midnight, because I know where monsters lurk, and it isn't the damn bushes.
I still want to see survivors in fiction. I just want them to be whole people. They should have goals and dreams and inner lives that don't revolve around that one thing that was done to them. They should get to be heroes, villains, lovers, and liars without anyone reducing them to their survivor status.
These days, I understand that this isn't what Lucasfilm was going for with Leia. Like so many survivors in fiction, her story was only important when the film could pass it off as sexy. Reducing her to her survivor status would have ruined the bikini shot.
I'm glad child-me didn't get that. I'm glad I was able to project onto Leia the capable survivor I wanted to grow up to be. Her happy ending mattered to me, because it helped me imagine my own.
But now that I'm living that happy ending, I want more than to see my heroes completely stripped of agency for cheap fanservice. I want to see what child-me saw in Leia: survivors who get to save the day, fall in love, and experience the whole range of human emotions without anyone—including the narrator—treating them like they're broken.
Annalee Flower Horne is an open-source developer and science fiction writer from Washington, DC. You can find her on Twitter, her website, and the Geek Feminism blog. Her fiction has appeared in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
Nice. Remind me again why easy money was such a good thing? Banks became greedy and stupid and they threw money around like it was free. (Considering the way the Federal Reserve handed out money, it was cheap and now it's cheaper than the rate of inflation.) This brought down the whole economy and now they're telling us it will somehow be different this time. Uh huh, right. There's no need to drag out this misery and hiding it behind more funny money, creating the problems of tomorrow.
Banks have plenty of clever people and they will no doubt find a way out eventually. I suspect things will get worse for banks and the economy in general. Giving away more now is not the solution for the problems. Let the banks live with the problems they created and let consumers come back to planet earth with spending instead of spending more than they earn.
Stevenage picked up their first away win of the season as Morecambe slipped to a fifth successive home defeat, losing 2-0.
Matt Godden gave Stevenage, who did the double over the Shrimps last season, the lead in the 37th minute after Stevenage took full advantage of some shocking Morecambe defending.
Dale Gorman was given time and space down the right to pick his spot and cross perfectly for Godden to head past Barry Roche from six yards out.
Ben Kennedy then added a second just before the hour with a special strike. The midfielder tried his luck from 30 yards with a left-footed curler that gave home keeper Roche no chance as it dipped under the crossbar and ended up in the back of the net.
Morecambe were given a late chance to get something from the game when they were awarded a penalty with three minutes to go. Liam Wakefield's right-wing cross hit the top of Charlie Lee's arm and the referee pointed to the spot but Paul Mullin's effort hit the left post and the chance went begging.
It was the second time the Shrimps hit the woodwork as Lee Molyneux's 25th-minute shot crashed against the crossbar after a mistake from Jamie Jones.
The same player saw an effort cleared off the line moments later by Fraser Franks but after Stevenage opened the scoring the visitors took control.
The home side forced a save from Jones in injury time as Kevin Ellison's shot looked set for the top-left corner but it was too little too late from Jim Bentley's side.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
The importance of Sunday's interstate challenge against resurgent West Coast could encourage Collingwood to roll the dice on Dane Swan, with the Brownlow medallist having made a fast recovery from his foot injury.
The Pies will weigh up on Thursday whether it is worth risking Swan for a match that could help the eighth-placed side lock up a finals spot that just a few weeks ago looked squandered.
Dane Swan, coming back from a foot injury, greets an adoring fan at Magpies training on Wednesday. Credit:Getty Images
Swan's return was scheduled for next week's match against Brisbane. However, the ball magnet completed a full training session on Wednesday to give medical staff hope that the plantar fascia injury that has kept him out for two matches is no longer an issue.
Coach Nathan Buckley said Swan would have significant input on the decision, but there was no questioning how valuable his inclusion would be, given the Eagles will also approach the match as a must-win if they are to keep their finals flame flickering.
Nearly 20 percent of websites are being blocked by UK government-backed filters, prompting concerns over web censorship, according to a new service created by the Open Rights Group (ORG).
The filters were introduced by internet service providers following measures championed by Prime Minister David Cameron last year to stop children accessing online pornography.
As many opponents of the move warned, a vast number of completely innocuous websites have been caught in the same net. The percentage of sites hosting legal pornographic material online is thought to be close to 4 percent.
According to ORG, a Porsche broker, a political blogger and a mum hoping to read an article about post pregnancy care are among those that have been affected by internet filters, complaining they found a lack of information about how to get sites unblocked.
The new ORG service, “Blocked”, checked the 100,000 most-visited websites and found 19 percent had been blocked by the largest ISPs (BT, Virgin, Sky and TalkTalk) and various mobile networks.
ISPs have played down the level of censorship, claiming the data collected is only representative of the most rigorous filter settings. They claimed they would act on complaints from customers, however.
“BT is committed to working with all stakeholders to minimize instances of over-blocking,” a spokesperson for British Telecom told RT. “All our categorization is done by our third party specialist supplier.”
“Sites that are believed to be incorrectly blocked by BT Parental Controls can be reported by email. We will then investigate them with our supplier.”
A spokesperson for TalkTalk told The Independent newspaper: “We will only filter out blogs and social networking sites when a customer has actively logged into their online account area and chosen to enable filters for this specific type of content.”
RT asked the Department for Culture Media and Sport how the government plan to address overzealous ISP filters that create barriers to legitimate health and educational searches.
“Following a request from Government, the UK Council for Child Internet Safety has set up a new working group involving charities and industry to look at the effectiveness of family friendly filters – in particular to check that they are not inadvertently filtering out content providing advice to young people in areas such as sex education,” a department spokesperson told RT.
An Ofcom spokesman also told RT: “We are due to report in the next couple of weeks on a government-initiated inquiry into the level of take up and implementation of internet filtering by the big four ISPs.”
Lobbyists who grease the wheels of government can sleep well at night: A study shows that businesses that use intense lobbying get a return on their investment that is “comparable to the returns of the most blistering hedge fund.” They also probably can sleep well because they own nice, expensive matresses. The Economist reports that an investment-research firm created an index to track how profitable the act of lobbying is compared to broader markets. The so-called “Lobbyist Index” has outpaced the “S&P500 by 11% a year since 2002.” The good news is that this proves government can make people rich. The bad news is that the government can only make people who hire lobbyists rich.
According to one study that influenced the index, the return on lobbying costs “was $220 for each $1 spent.” What is intriguing about this index is that different places lobby for different reasons. Tim Worstall of Forbes points out that “one sector, one company, might be lobbying in order to gain an advantage whilst others may well be lobbying in order to avoid having a disadvantage placed upon them. I'd certainly put the tobacco companies in that second class, while perhaps solar cell manufacturers could be in the first.” What they have in common is a high return on their investment.
How can normal people use this information to their advantage? If you think about it, taxpayers are essentially lobbyists who have no choice but to lobby. Despite this, normal Americans hardly see any return on their investment, let alone $220 for every dollar spent. It's because we're doing it wrong. This upcoming April 15th, pay your taxes over a nice steak dinner with your congressperson. If you have access to a boat, take them out for deep sea fishing. Really lobby the hell out of 'em. Hopefully, in their confusion, they'll treat your money like it was coming from a special interest group and actually pass some legislation that works in your favor.
Money and politics: Ask what your country can do for you [Economist via Forbes]
Well .... damn. Judging on what Hectic Glenn said we can call this one real . Soooo once again we got more questions than answers . A downed heli, some Xen like setting, some structures that we cannot identify(although I think one of them must be Weather Control), some clothes, some octupusy thing that shoots lasers?! aaaaaaaand that is it. I always thought that in EP3 the heli will get shot down somehow ... so I am glad that this is what is obviously going to happen.
Come to think of it isn't is sad that the latest info on Ep3 or HL3 or whateva is 4y old .... kinda sad for all the fans .
PS: Is there any response from Valve about those pics?
EDIT: the number on the heli's door actually is the same as the number on the heli at the end of EP2 ... so nice attention to the details .
A YOUNG mum was left with brutal injuries after refusing a thug's sexual advances in a nightclub.
SWNS HORRIFIC: Lacey Knight said she was attacked in Elements nightclub in Clacton-on-sea
Lacey Knight, 21, suffered fractured cheekbones and internal bleeding on her face after her head was smashed against the bar. Her mum Chel Orchard, 42, claims the vile lad battered Lacey after she told him she wasn't interested when he tried to chat her up. Photos of the devastating injuries show Lacey with two black eyes and cuts to her brow. She also suffered a fractured nose.
SWNS WORKER: Miss Knight was having Christmas drinks with friends at the weekend
The mum-of-one was attacked in the early hours of Saturday morning when she was having Christmas drinks with friends in Elements nightclub, in Clacton-on-Sea. Lacey said: "He tried talking to us and we weren't interested, then he put my fingers up in my face and I said 'why are you doing that?' "I looked at him and he walked around a few people and smacked me in the face and after that it was just a blur."
SWNS INJURIES: Lacey had to go to hospital and has since been spitting up blood
“He put my fingers up in my face” Victim Her mum added: “My daughter doesn't remember a lot because she was in and out of consciousness on the club floor. "But what she does remember, and from people who have come forward, is a guy tried to chat her up and because she refused his advances, he punched her in the face." Chel's Facebook appeal to track witness has been shared more than 1,000 times. She claimed witnesses said nobody stopped the attack and the suspect was then allowed to leave the club unchallenged.
SWNS UNPROVOKED: Lacey has two black eyes and cuts to her brow
SWNS BRUTAL: She also suffered a fractured nose
Keep updated on all the injury news and roster moves from around the NHL with daily Ice Chips.
Calgary Flames
Head coach Glen Gulutzan said Friday winger Jaromir Jagr is "real close" to returning from his lower-body injury. Jagr was placed on injured reserve last week and could return to the Flame lineup on Sunday against the Washington Capitals.
Jagr skated with the team for the first time since his injury on Friday. He was playing on the team's top line with Sean Monahan and Johnny Gaudreau prior to the injury. - Kristen Odland, Calgary Sun.
Vegas Golden Knights
Defenceman Jason Garrison was placed on waivers Friday. The Golden Knights have kept nine defencemen on their roster throughout the season, openly seeking trade partners to avoid placing players with one-way contracts on waivers.
Garrison carries a $4.6 million cap hit and a no-trade clause in the final year of his current contract. Garrison owns one assist in four games with the Golden Knights this season. He was selected by the Golden Knights in June's expansion draft as part of a trade with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Also on Friday, the Golden Knights sent defenceman Griffin Reinhart to the AHL on a conditioning stint. Reinhart is yet to play in a game with the Golden Knights this season.
Vadim Shipachyov reported to the AHL's Chicago Wolves on Friday. Shipachyov was granted permission not to report to the Wolves when he was assigned to the team to start the season, but was expected to be suspended if he did not report after being sent down again this week. The Russian centre has been granted permission to seek a trade from the Golden Knights.
Forward Erik Haula has been activated from the injured reserve.
NEWS: Erik Haula has been activated from IR; Jason Garrison has been placed on waivers.
More: https://t.co/yZdQyKVYMY pic.twitter.com/fIirIpxDnv — Vegas Golden Knights (@GoldenKnights) October 27, 2017
The ship has docked in Grand Rapids. 🚢
Vadim Shipachyov takes the ice for the first time in a Wolves sweater. pic.twitter.com/zRULsbA9pM — Chicago Wolves (@Chicago_Wolves) October 27, 2017
New York Rangers
The Rangers are choosing to go with the hot-hand approach and will start Ondrej Pavelec in net against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday night. Pavelec stopped 27 of 29 shots against the Arizona Coyotyes on Thursday night. - Larry Brooks, New York Post.
Montreal Canadiens
Carey Price will start in net against the Rangers on Saturday.
Ottawa Senators
Mike Condon will make his third start of the season against the New Jersey Devils on Friday night. Condon is 1-0-1 this season with a .962 save percentage.
New Jersey Devils
The team announced forward Kyle Palmieri will not be in Friday's lineup and will be re-evaluated Saturday. Keith Kinkaid will get the start in net with Scott Wedgewood playing backup.
Kyle Palmieri will not be in the lineup tonight for #OTTvsNJD. He will be re-evaluated tomorrow morning. — New Jersey Devils (@NJDevils) October 27, 2017
Toronto Maple Leafs
James van Reimsdyk did not practice with his team again on Friday despite playing 15:18 in Thursday's loss to the Carolina Hurricanes. Head coach Mike Babcock wasn't sure if van Reimsdyk would be ready to go Saturday against the Philadelphia Flyers.
JvR available to play tomorrow? Babcock: "I don't know. I mean, Leivs is dying to play anyway." — Mark Masters (@markhmasters) October 27, 2017
Babcock shuffled his lines after the team's 6-3 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes, with Mitch Marner skating on a line with Patrick Marleau and Tyler Bozak. Marleau has spent the season on a line with Nazem Kadri and Leo Komarov. Connor Brown joined Kadri and Komarov on a line Friday.
Babcock called an abrupt end to the practice after just 20 minutes with the team on the ice.
#Leafs practice ends after 20 minutes. Coaches pick up all the pucks, wait and watch as entire team leaves the ice silently. Very weird. — Kristen Shilton (@kristen_shilton) October 27, 2017
Lines at Leafs' skate:
Hyman-Matthews-Nylander
Marleau-Bozak-Marner
Komarov-Kadri-Brown
Martin-Moore-Leivo
Fehr
Rielly-Hainsey
Gardiner-Zaitsev
Borgman-Polak
Carrick
Montreal Canadiens
Rookie forward Nikita Scherbak left Thursday's game against the Los Angeles Kings in the first period after suffering a lower-body injury. The 21-year-old was hurt in the first period well he was checked into the boards. He played a couple shifts in the second, but was eventually forced to leave the game. - Montreal Gazette
Habs Practice Lines - John Lu, TSN
Forward
Lehkonen - Drouin - Byron
Pacioretty - Danault - Shaw
Hudon - Plekanec - Gallagher
Galchenyuk - McCarron - Mitchell/De La Rose
Defence
Mete - Weber
Alzner - Benn
Davidson - Petry
Morrow
Goalies
Price
Montoya
TSN Game Notes
Best Road Records This Season
Team GP W L OTL Pts%
New Jersey Devils 4 4 0 0 1.000
Ottawa Senators 3 3 0 0 1.000
Vegas Golden Knights 2 2 0 0 1.000
Los Angeles Kings 5 4 1 0 .800
Vancouver Canucks 5 4 1 0 .800
Expansion Teams First 8GP
Since 1990's Expansion
VGK 7-1-0
TB 3-4-1
ATL 2-3-2-1
FLA 2-3-3
ANA 2-4-2
NSH 2-5-1
Min 1-5-2
CBJ 1-6-0-1
OTT 1-7-0
SJ 1-7-0
Friday's Games
Avalanche (10P) at Knights (14P) - 6PM
First meeting between teams
VGK (7-1-0):
won 4 straight, all at home, 15GF, 4/17 on PP
Neal (0G, 2A) last 4GP
COL (5-4-0):
1-3-0 past 4 road games, 1/17 on PP, 1GF in each of the losses
Duchene (2A) last 2GP
Senators (14P) at Devils (12P) - 7PM
NJ is 1-0-0 vs OTT this season. OTW in OTT. OTT has won 2 straight in NJ, 1GA.
NJD (6-2-0):
1-2-0 last 3GP at home, 12GA, 11/15 on PK
Hall 4 of his 8A vs OTT this season
OTT (5-1-4):
3-0-0 on the road, 3GA, 10/10 on PK
Stone (3G, 1A) last 3GP
Jets (9P) at Blue Jackets (12P) - 7PM
CBJ are 1-0-0 vs WPG this season, winning in WPG. CBJ have won 4 straight at home vs WPG
CBJ (6-3-0):
1-2-0 on home stand, 9GA, 5/5 on PK
Panarin (1G, 6A) has a PT in 5 of past 6GP
WPG (4-3-1):
1-1-1 last 3GP, 10GA, 7/8 on PK
Laine (2G, 0A) last 3GP
Blues (15P) at Hurricanes (9P) - 730PM
CAR was 1-0-1 vs STL last season. SOL at home. STL has won 3 straight in CAR, twice in a shootout
CAR (4-3-1):
0-1-1 last 2GP at home, 1GF in each game, 0/7 on PP
Skinner (3G, 2A) last 4GP
STL (7-2-1):
3-0-1 last 4GP, 16GF, 2/14 on PP
Schwartz (5G, 1A) 4 game PT streak
Predators (10P) at Blackhawks (12P) - 830PM
CHI is 1-0-0 vs NSH this season, OTW at home. CHI has won 3 straight at home vs NSH
CHI (5-3-2):
1-2-1 last 4GP, 9GF, 3/17 on PP
Kane (3G, 3A) 6 game PT streak
NSH (4-3-2):
0-1-1 last 2GP, 2GF in each game, 2/8 on PP
Forsberg (2G, 1A) last 2GP
Stars (10P) at Flames (10P) - 9PM
CGY is 1-0-0 vs NSH this season, SOW in NSH. NSH has gone 2-0-1 past 3GP in CGY
CGY (5-5-0):
lost 3 straight at home, outscored 12-3, 1/10 on PP
Gaudreau (1G, 5A) in 4GP at home
DAL (5-5-0):
lost 2 straight, both on the road, 5GA in each game, 6/6 on PK
Benn (5G, 4A) 4 game PT streak
Acclaimed author Stephen King had a blistering retort to Donald Trump's newly unveiled tax plan, writing on his Twitter account Thursday afternoon that the president "couldn't give Shit One about" workers.
The proposal's been dubbed a "love note to the wealthy," as it includes cutting the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent and getting rid of the estate tax, and, counter to Trump's claims, suggests no boon to the middle class but does stand to personally benefit Trump by over $1 billion.
A day after the plan was unveiled, the horror genre master tweeted:
Trump's no friend of the working man. If you're working for wages, brothers and sisters, he couldn't give Shit One about you. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) September 28, 2017
Check his tax plan. Same old. The fat man's busy dancing while the poor man pays the band. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) September 28, 2017
King has been an outspoken critic of Trump, warning about a presidency under "The Donald" even before he moved into the White House.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
King has also frequently used Twitter as a platform to deliver such criticisms, leading him to join the ranks of those blocked by Trump. (King, in turn, symbolically banned Trump from seeing his record-successful film It and his television thriller "Mr. Mercedes." "No clowns for you, Donald. Go float yourself," King tweeted.)
Among the barbs King's tweeted include calling Trump "unfit for office"; a "remarkable combination of unhinged and dumb as dirt"; and a "sexist oinker." Other zingers have included:
With President Forrest Trump, every day is like a rancid box of chocolates. You never know what kind of shit you're going to get next. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) April 11, 2017
My newest horror story: Once upon a time there was a man named Donald Trump, and he ran for president. Some people wanted him to win. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) October 21, 2016
Ineptitude, thy name is Trump. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) August 9, 2017
Come on, chickenshit, if you're man enough to drop a mega-bomb on Afghanistan, you should be manned enough to release your tax returns. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) April 15, 2017
Breaking News: Reliable sources reveal that Donald Trump is actually Cthulu. The absurd hairdo isn't absurd at all. It hides the tentacles. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) September 12, 2016
In a spectacular blunder the US Navy has responded to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request by a DC reporter by accidentally sending him the internal memo discussing how to dodge his request.
A reporter for the local NBC 4 station in Washington DC requested information on the September 6 shooting at the Navy Yard, an incident that left 13 people dead.
Instead of sending him the information, he got back a memo in which Navy officials derided his “fishing expedition,” and suggesting they respond to a request for photos of the inside of the building by simply claiming that “interior of building 197” was not a person in their record-keeping.
Beyond that, the memo goes on to suggest that they should quote him a preposterously high estimated cost for the information so as to scare him into dropping the request.
Though the Navy initially refused to confirm the authenticity of the memo they have since done so, expressing “regrets” that it was sent to the reporter and insisting they are committed to responding to FOIA requests in a “timely and professional manner,” despite clearly going to great lengths to avoid doing so.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Smokestack, the fast-casual barbecue operation within Magnolia Brewing's Dogpatch taproom and bar that opened two years ago, recently had a chef shuffle following the departure of Namu Gaji guy Dennis Lee.
Now the restaurant has just announced the hiring of executive chef Brandon Korf, formerly exec chef at La Trappe in North Beach but previously a member of the kitchens of both Hi Lo BBQ and Sauced BBQ & Spirits in Livermore.
Korf is keeping things like the house-made jerky and chopped pork on the menu, but he's adding more salads and sides, including a smoked Cobb salad, and Texas caviar. Also he's expanding the meat menu to include tri-tip, a Thai chili and cheddar sausage, and he's added a sausage sandwich with pimiento cheese.
As before, the food is served cafeteria style with meats weighed by the pound, with a one-meat combo plate for $14, and a two-meat plate for $19, served with two sides, bread, and pickles.
See the full new food menu below. (Click to enlarge.)
Smokestack - 2505 3rd Street at 22nd - Open Sunday to Wednesday, 11:30 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Thursday to Saturday, 11:30 a.m. to midnight.
In September, Dick Armey, the former Republican House Majority Leader, wanted to re-assert control of FreedomWorks, the influential Tea Party political action group of which he was chair. So he did what any old, paranoid Republican would do: he brought a guy with a handgun in to fire everyone.
Armey had accused FreedomWorks' president, Matt Kibbe, of "improperly using FreedomWorks staff resources to produce a book," an accusation that, if true, would jeopardize its tax status as a nonprofit. And bizarrely, he thought the best way to address his concern was with the implied threat of firearm violence, according to The Washington Post's Amy Gardner:
The partnership came to a crashing end when Armey marched into FreedomWorks's office Sept. 4 with his wife, Susan, executive assistant Jean Campbell and the unidentified man with the gun at his waist - who promptly escorted Kibbe and Brandon out of the building. "This was two weeks after there had been a shooting at the Family Research Council," said one junior staff member who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to the media. "So when a man with a gun who didn't identify himself to me or other people on staff, and a woman I'd never seen before said there was an announcement, my first gut was, ‘Is FreedomWorks in danger?' It was bizarre.' "
"Bizarre" doesn't really even begin to describe Armey's Very Tea Party coup. Immediately after Kibbe was escorted from the building, Armey attempted to fire three employees, only to change his mind when they burst into tears. Armey's wife Susan "passed her husband notes that several employees assumed contained suggestions on what to say"; on a conference call, he demanded more support for Todd "Legitimate Rape" Akin.
Ultimately Armey was paid to leave: Richard J. Stephenson, "a reclusive Illinois millionaire" who seems to have donated $12 million to FreedomWorks just before the election, is paying the former congressman a fuck-off fee of $400,000 a year for the next 20 years, and Kibbe has returned as president. The guy with the gun remains unidentified.
[WaPo]
Dr Daniel Wong is exhibiting his landscape photography as a tribute to his partner who passed away and as a fundraiser for Nelson Tasman Hospice.
After losing his long-term partner to lung cancer, Nelson doctor Daniel Wong is holding an exhibition honouring the man who helped him develop a passion for landscape photography.
Wong, 24, said the diagnosis for his partner Barry Woods, 85, came out of the blue. Woods died two months ago, after a short battle with the aggressive cancer.
The pair had been engaged before the diagnosis and decided to get married soon after they learnt of the cancer.
Does age matter in love? Share your stories, photos and videos. Contribute
They had been together for six years after meeting in Nelson while Wong was studying in Dunedin."The main reason I came here was to live with my partner," Wong said. "We forged a life together here."
Woods, a professional photographer, was instrumental in Wong developing a passion for landscape photography.
"[Photography] is a big part of my life outside medicine," he said. "Barry had a big role in that."
MARION VAN DIJK Dr Daniel Wong with his photographs on exhibition at the Nelson Hospital cafe as a tribute to his late partner Barry Woods and as a fundraiser for Nelson Tasman Hospice.
The couple travelled extensively, taking photos around the world and Wong said they made an effort to do as many trips as possible.
Woods was diagnosed with cancer eight months ago and Wong had planned to care for him at home. However Woods' condition deteriorated rapidly in the last few weeks and they were referred to the Nelson Tasman Hospice.
Wong said he was deeply impressed by the ongoing support provided by the hospice staff.
"I had never dealt with them from this side of things," he said. "I was blown away by [the service], the efficiency and the care, just everything done so well and so quickly, it was all very sensitive."
Wong knew the Nelson Hospital cafe held monthly exhibitions and he thought of showcasing his work there after learning of Woods' diagnosis.
The couple did a road trip around the South Island after Woods was told he had cancer and many of the photographs in the exhibition were taken during that trip.
Several places from the Nelson region feature in the photos, including Cable Bay, Wharariki Beach in Golden Bay, Tahunanui Beach and the Janie Seddon shipwreck in Motueka.
"I'm getting very much into it and obviously Barry had quite a big role in that as well in terms of development, encouragement and progression," he said.
Woods died in November and he knew of Wong's plan to showcase his work in an exhibition.
"He thought it was a great idea, he was very proud," he said. "It's a sad story."
"It's still awful," he said of losing his partner. "But the support has been amazing."
It was a relief to see the exhibition in place and it had kept him busy over the past few months.
"The hospice rely quite heavily on donations to keep their service going so it just seemed like the perfect thing to do, both as a tribute to my partner and also to fundraise," he said.
The exhibition will run at the Nelson Hospital cafe until the end of the month. Unframed prints start from $50 and framed prints from $250.
Hospitals aren't doing enough to encourage breastfeeding among new mothers, according to a CDC report.
Across the country, just 14% of these institutions have a model written breastfeeding policy in place, and the majority give infants food or drink other than breast milk when it's not medically necessary, according to the agency's August issue of Vital Signs.
Improvements may require "large cultural changes within hospitals," CDC director Thomas Frieden, MD, MPH, said during a press briefing, noting that many routinely give formula to all infants.
Frieden explained that some formula companies provide hospitals with the supplies they need for preemies and other special-needs infants who cannot breastfeed at no charge as long as the hospitals put samples of formula in the goody bags they send home with new mothers.
Hospitals worry that changing this practice would cost them money, Frieden said, but, he countered, promoting breastfeeding will in the long run reduce costs because it will lower the burden of illness in these children.
Another practice that fosters breastfeeding is "rooming in," where infants stay with their mothers 24 hours a day rather than in a nursery -- a practice that has "been in existence for decades," Frieden said.
Yet just a third of hospitals keep baby at mom's bedside, according to the report.
The report is part of a wide-ranging government initiative to promote breastfeeding, which research has consistently shown improves outcomes for both mother and child. Breast-fed infants have a lower risk of obesity, diabetes, sudden infant death syndrome, and a host of infectious diseases, and their mothers have a lower risk of breast and ovarian cancer, among other benefits.
In January, surgeon general Regina Benjamin joined other advocates to push for more women to start breastfeeding and continue it for at least six months.
Currently, only 15% of mothers breastfeed exclusively for six months, and just 44% are still feeding at all after that time, Frieden said.
And few hospitals -- just 4% -- have adopted at least nine of the 10 principles spelled out in the Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative sponsored by the World Health Organization and UNICEF and 9% have adopted no more than two.
The 10 principles include helping mothers begin breastfeeding within an hour of birth and encouraging community support of breastfeeding, in addition to having a written policy, "rooming in," and banning supplementary feedings that are not medically necessary.
Just about half of hospitals help mothers initiate breastfeeding within the first hour after birth, the report said. And only a quarter give mothers breastfeeding support -- such as a follow-up visit, a phone call, or referrals to lactation consultants -- after they leave the hospital.
Frieden said that a previous CDC study found that the more WHO/UNICEF criteria a hospital met, the more likely it was that a woman would still be breastfeeding two months later.
He noted, too, that low rates of breastfeeding add $2.2 billion a year to medical costs, which is based solely on healthcare costs and doesn't include lost productivity or other costs.
Although more hospitals have adopted the "baby-friendly" criteria, progress has been slow, he said, and at current trends it would take 100 years before every U.S. hospital would be up-to-speed with the recommendations.
Data in the Vital Signs report come from the CDC's National Survey of Maternity Practices in Infant Nutrition and Care.
This article was developed in collaboration with ABC News.
2011-08-02T15:36:29-0400
Entrepreneur and angel investor Alexis Ohanian, probably best known as one of the co-founders of reddit and evangelist of HipMunk, took the stage at The Next Web Conference this morning to profess his love for the Internet.
We kind of already suspected that Ohanian was a fan of the Internet, but he shared an interesting view on where he thinks the Web is going, and how close it came recently to getting censored by elected U.S. government officials.
These are my notes from his talk (slightly paraphrased here and there):
———
When reddit was started, we just graduated from college. Social media wasn't a term yet, Facebook was only available for college students, and Delicious hadn't yet been ruined by Yahoo.
Nowadays, we can use social media to see what people are having for breakfast all over the world. That sounds ridiculous, but it's the same technology that lets you see revolutions and gives you access to locations that you wouldn't be allowed to enter in real life. An open Internet has quickly become the most efficient marketplace for ideas the world has ever seen, and a catalyst for startups, non-profits and, yes, revolutions.
This notion of a meritocracy, however, doesn't really exist in the real world, but it does on the Internet. I recently spent some time hanging out with entrepreneurs in Egypt, which was a genuine privilege. Some people say startup founders are revolutionaries, but I don't think that's true for most of them.
In Cairo, I met a startup called Bey2ollak that aims to solve the atrocious traffic problem that plagues the city, by crowd-sourcing realtime traffic data. It shows how entrepreneurs can come up with really innovation solutions to problems, without government interference. Already, to 're seeing thousands of downloads, and they're expanding to more cities and countries.
This is an example of what can happen on the Internet because it's an incredibly level playing field. What concerns me is how to get people on the field. That requires Internet access but also the ability and environment to create and innovate.
January 18, 2012, was a watershed moment for the Internet. That day, we saw the strength of the Internet, and how a critical mass of people that voice their opinions online can dictate what's news, and have a direct influence on what people and mainstream media talk about.
There was a story that wasn't being covered until people just kept talking about it online again and again and again, and then things changed. It shows how people on the Internet can guide what's really important and create talking points in the media, and it's not something we can take for granted.
It used to be that large information providers dictated what was newsworthy. What has changed now is that we can basically all make news, and in aggregate get enough attention to make or spark changes.
The world is not flat – NASA looked into it. However, the World Wide Web is flat.
This was all challenged by two bills that were proposed by U.S. officials, namely SOPA and PIPA. We did a full technical analysis of the bills on reddit, and found that they were very prohibitive and in fact would have prohibited sites like reddit and other sites leveraging user-generated content.
How did this all happen, and what could we do about it?
U.S. Democrats and Republicans both agreed that the bills should be passed and co-sponsored them, in a time where the parties didn't agree on anything.
So the Internet took notice, realized this could actually happen, and went ‘challenge accepted'.
What followed was this groundswell of excitement and discussion. I even went to Washington to talk to elected officials about this, and asked redditors how my argument should be crafted, as I would only have 5 minutes. Should I tell the story from an entrepreneur's perspective, or make a broader argument about censorship clashing with American values?
Reddit made it clear to me that my argument should instead center around jobs and economics, and the risk of job losses as a result of the bills, Internet being a growing industry in a time where so many other industries were shrinking.
I had a bunch of meetings, and you can tell how serious we took this because we dressed up and everything. Tumblr got into the discussion by blacking out user content, random people started acting like startup founders, and even Bieber got involved – and you don't want to piss off Bieber fans.
We saw wonderfully simple things kicked off by real people. The whole SOPA/IPA ordeal was often positioned as Silicon Valley versus Hollywood, which may be a great soundbite but wasn't actually true. Thanks to a lot of enabling software, we saw great innovation, social media sharing and phone line flooding of government officials by random people, who are essentially their voters.
The Internet rose to the opportunity to say: you work for us voters, and not the other way around.
Elected U.S. government officials were admitting that they didn't understand technology well enough but would still pass those bills. That's crazy, how could this be possible? We were asked to testify before the House, but this was called off, and instead the Internet showed up in what must have been the geekiest yet very articulate protest in history.
We then famously had subredditors asking us to take down their site sections, and then we went completely dark. Mainstream media really picked up on things when Wikipedia did the same thing, and I was invited to talk to media all over the country to deliver my soundbites and explain why the bills were such a bad idea and that they should not pass.
So we now know voters can triumph over lobbying dollars. But the fight is very far from over, and I can't stress this enough.
Not long after the SOPA and PIPA bills were shelved (not terminated), attention went to ACTA. We haven't won that fight yet, but the majority of government officials in Europe have turned to opposing ACTA. It's up to us to keep telling our stories and stand up for the things we all believe in.
As technologists, we should urge people to grasp values like free speech and privacy, even on the Internet.
It's amazing to me that a company can take a small investment from an organization like Y Combinator – like reddit did – and turn into a billion-dollar company like Dropbox. I mean, that company started on a laptop on a bus.
We never thought reddit would become as big as it is today when we started the site, and we only spent $500 on advertising in 6 years to get there. I'm a fan of HipMunk because it solves problems for users frustrated with existing travel booking sites.
I'm optimistic. When we started reddit, it was a different world, and way harder for people to spread ideas and words. We went from a desert to a jungle.
Look at Louis CK charging $5 for a DRM-free video and making a million dollars in just a few days. It's such a great time to be an artist or content creator. Look at Airbnb disrupting the travel space, things like RideJoy for cars, Skillshare for learning, Gobble for cooking food, AngelList for raising funding and obviously Kickstarter for the financing and creation of basically anything.
Things still aren't perfect, but I'm very optimistic.
The bar has been set low for the status quo. We can do exceptional things for other people thanks to the Internet, so we need to strive to make it a better one. I believe most people in the Internet are and can do good, and that they will win the fight.
But it's an ongoing fight – there's still more work to be done.
———
Read next: Appvetica turns the iPhone and iPod Touch into a controller for Wii-like iPad gaming
Richard Pollock reports at the Daily Caller:
Former President Bill Clinton collected $5.6 million in fees from GEMS Education, a Dubai-based company that teaches Sharia Law through its network of more than 100 schools in the Middle East, Asia and Africa, according to a Daily Caller News Foundation investigation.
The company's finances strictly adhere to “Sharia Finance,” which includes giving “zakat,” a religious tax of which one-eighth of the proceeds is dedicated to funding Islamic jihad.
The company also contributed millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation.
The former president served as honorary chairman for GEMS Education from 2011 to 2014, according to federal tax returns he filed with his wife, 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
His biggest paycheck from the closely-held company — which is incorporated in the Cayman Islands — was in 2014 when he pocketed $2.1 million. It is unclear if Bill received income from the Middle Eastern firm in 2015, since Hillary has not yet released her tax return for that year.
Sharia law is the Islamic religious legal system that many in the West see as intolerant of human rights and other religions, as well as violating the rights of women and gays. Sharia law is considered by Muslims to be superior to all secular authorities. Islamic jihadis regularly call for the imposition of Sharia law and want to impose it on the West.
GEMS boasted in a 2013 bond prospectus that it is the “only foreign group approved for educational services in Saudi Arabia.” The GEMS facilities in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, taught 1,600 students in 2013.
Saudi Arabia is where Wahabism, the strictest form of Sharia, is observed. The Middle Eastern kingdom bars women from driving cars, requires women to wear the strictest form of the hijab, which covers everything but the eyes and hands. Gay men and women are persecuted in Saudi Arabia.
GEMS distributed a job notice in 2014 for a director of “Islamic and Cultural Studies” for its campuses in the Saudi Kingdom. The skills for the position included proficiency in Sharia to help develop a curriculum. The company also acts as an educational consultant in Egypt, Jordan, and Libya.
Clinton's relationship with the Sharia-oriented education firm drew critical reviews from anti-terrorism experts.
“Why would Bill Clinton be participating in programs that teach Sharia in foreign countries where that is the specific objective of the Muslim Brotherhood, ISIS and al-Qaeda,” asked counter-terror analyst Stephen Coughlin in an interview with TheDCNF.
GEMS is one of the most dominant educational programs in the Middle East, with 51 separate schools operating in the region. Globally, the for-profit company claims that 250,000 students are learning under its program in 170 countries.
Outside of the Middle East and North Africa, GEMS operates schools in Kenya, Uganda, Southeast Asia, and the United Kingdom.
GEMS even has two “international” schools in Chicago.
At the GEMS Jumeirah Primary School in Abu Dhabi, the website promotes Islam as a central tenet of its curriculum. “Our aim is taught all Muslim students the pillars of Islam, Islamic faith and morals, enabling them to efficiently apply them to their lives. To increase the knowledge of Islam we share with the children, the stories of prophets, manners of living a Muslim's life, the five pillars of Islam.”
The Dubai firm has donated between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to the foundation website. GEMS was an official sponsor of the 2013 and 2014 Clinton Global Initiative. Its Indian-born CEO Sunny Varkey attended both years.
And the Varkey Foundation, named after the CEO, contributed $250,000 to $500,000 to the foundation.
Varkey publicly claimed Bill was the “honorary chairman” of his foundation. But Bill and Hillary report in their joint federal tax returns the annual payments came from the for-profit GEMS Education company.
The company has raised funds through bonds and has openly broadcast its commitment to Sharia finance. In 2013, the company issued a $200 million bond prospectus and assured potential investors it relied on “Fatwa and Sharia” advisers to assure it was “compliant” with Sharia finance.
Coughlin said Sharia law on finance also includes money for “zakat,” a religious tax. “And if you read the law of zakat, one-eighth of that money goes to fund Jihad,” he says. “There are eight categories of zakat you must pay every year. And one of them is Jihad.”
Read the rest here.
When quarterback Will Grier was suspended halfway through the 2015 season at Florida due to a failed PED test, it was expected he would be out of action for at least the first half of the 2016 season. Now at West Virginia, Grier will reportedly have to wait until 2017 to play again.
Mike Casazza of The Charleston Gazette-Mail reports, via Twitter, Grier will be eligible for the 2017 season opener as long as he meets eligibility requirements by that point in time.
Charleston Gazette-Mail has learned QB Will Grier is eligible for 2017 opener provided he maintains eligibility requirements. — Mike Casazza (@mikecasazza) May 20, 2016
As previously reported, it was expected Grier would have to sit out the entire 2016 season due to NCAA transfer rules. What was previously unknown was whether he would have to sit out the first six games of the 2017 season as well to honor the suspension's length. Apparently that will not be the case. That should be good news for Grier, as he is itching to get back on the field as quickly as possible.
For those planning ahead, Grier's first game where he will be eligible to play at West Virginia will be against Virginia Tech in a game to be played at FedEx Field in Landover, Maryland (home of the Washington Redskins of the NFL) on September 2, 2017. Let the countdown begin.
Follow @KevinOnCFB
Dean Obeidallah, a former attorney, is the host of SiriusXM's radio's daily program "The Dean Obeidallah Show" and a columnist for The Daily Beast. Follow him @TheDeansreport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
(CNN) Megyn Kelly has apparently had enough of Donald Trump ducking tough questions. On her Fox News' show Wednesday she called out Trump in no uncertain terms while also taking a subtle shot at her colleague Sean Hannity: "Donald Trump, with all due respect to my friend at 10, will go on Hannity and pretty much only Hannity and will not venture out to the unsafe spaces these days, which doesn't exactly expand the tent."
Hannity responded by channeling his inner Trump and lashing out at Kelly on Twitter: "@megynkelly u should be mad at @HillaryClinton Clearly you support her." It's truly jaw dropping that Hannity would publicly call Kelly a Clinton supporter since that is akin to accusing a person of treason in the eyes of Fox News viewers.
Putting aside my personal enjoyment at watching Fox News anchors fight over and with Trump, Kelly is 100% correct. Trump is trailing Clinton in the RCP average of polls by more than 3 points, the biggest gap in over a month. And polls released in the last few days show Trump not only trailing in most battleground states -- including Ohio, where Trump had recently been leading -- but shockingly a new poll published Thursday also shows him trailing Clinton by 2 points in the traditionally red state of Arizona.
How can Trump expect to close this electoral gap if he doesn't venture out beyond the conservative base that watches Hannity's show?! It's truly irony defined that Trump, in many ways a creation of the media, has now morphed into the political version of Greta Garbo when it comes to answering questions from members of the media other than Hannity.
During the primary campaign, Trump seemed to be on every network and held countless press conferences. Consequently, he received literally billions of dollars in free media coverage that clearly helped Trump lock up the GOP nomination.
But those days are long gone. Trump has not held a press conference in almost three months. In contrast, as CNN's Brian Stelter reported last week, Clinton has recently held several press conferences and "is now taking questions from campaign trail reporters on a regular basis."
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
And Clinton has been able to put damaging issues like her email server behind her (for most Americans at least) because she has publicly answered questions about it. In fact, Matt Lauer grilled Clinton about this just last month in the nationally televised Commander-In-Chief Forum. In contrast, Trump's avoidance of answering questions on recent hot button issues such as whether he had personally paid even a dime in federal income taxes since 1995 keeps these issues in the press. (Surrogates responding to controversial issues are simply not enough to put the issue to rest -- case in point Trump's birtherism, which required Trump to respond directly.)
Perhaps if Trump had not avoided press conferences since July and subjected himself to more challenging interviews he would've been better prepared for his debate last week. But the bulk of the TV interviews were conducted by his self-professed supporter Hannity, perhaps causing Trump to be lulled into the sense he was fully informed on issues and didn't need intensive debate prep.
But the irony doesn't end there. The words chosen by Kelly to call out Trump -- which it's fair to assume are by design -- are comically ironic. Kelly stated that Trump refuses to venture out to "unsafe spaces." What makes this remark so amusing is that "safe spaces' is the term often invoked by progressive college students when objecting to "offensive" speakers or words on their campus. It's the very type of concept that the unapologetically "politically incorrect" Trump would rail against. It appears Kelly is trolling Trump with this comment, perhaps hoping to "trigger" him to lash out. (So far only Hannity has been triggered!)
But will Trump change? Doubtful. Trump has -- at least in his own mind -- been a yuuuuge success by following his own playbook. (Of course, when Trump was doing as badly in business as he is doing currently in this campaign, he could just file for bankruptcy -- as he did six times before.) That is not an option in the world of politics.
But by limiting himself only to the Hannity audience, Trump may effectively be ruling himself out of a victory and courting political bankruptcy. His other option is to give himself a shot at winning by holding press conferences and appearing on various networks to field questions. Knowing Trump, he might agree to finally holding a "press conference" but with the proviso that only Hannity could ask questions.
Mio popolo, the time is nearly upon us! (Apologies if my Italian is wrong; I just wanted to use “popolo” in a sentence!)
Return to PopoloCrois: A STORY OF SEASONS Fairytale will be available throughout North America this coming Tuesday (March 1st, 2016), both in brick-and-mortar stores and on the Nintendo 3DS eShop – and if you live in Europe or Australia, you can download your copy from the Nintendo 3DS eShop right now thanks to our friends at Marvelous Europe!
I've talked about this game at great length already in three previous blog entries, so I think (hope?) you guys know what to expect by now. But just in case you don't, here's a quick primer:
If you're looking for crazy game mechanics that totally rewrite the book on RPGs… this is not the game for you. If you're looking for an edge-of-your-seat challenge that'll test you to your core and prove to the world what a badass gamer you are… this is not the game for you. If you're looking for a deep farming and/or relationship simulator with thousands of variables working behind the scenes to make each playthrough totally unlike the last… this is not the game for you.
But if you're looking for something with quality writing, smart characters, charming NPCs, a vibrant world full of life, and an immersive fairytale storyline that you can get lost in – a game to kick back with at the end of a long day, and make you feel like a kid again – then let me tell you, this is absolutely the game for you.
Now, with that out of the way, let's try something a little different, shall we? There are a lot of small factoids about this game that I've been wanting to talk about at length, but can never seem to fit into conversation anywhere. So, without further ado, I present… my top ten list of cool Return to PopoloCrois localization tidbits!
#10
Long-time PopoloCrois fans will no doubt be aware that PopoloCrois Castle is always guarded by two guys named Gon and Don, who are kind of like the PopoloCrois equivalents of Biggs and Wedge… except in this game, they're gone and done! (Sorry, I had to.)
A new gate guard named Gomer has taken their place, and Gomer plays a rather integral role in the story. But, if you talk to NPCs around PopoloCrois Castle, you'll definitely hear mention of “the usual two” having gone on vacation. It's never specified where they went, but I kind of like to imagine that they had a fun adventure of their own along the way.
…So why is this a cool factoid, you ask? Well, I just like that the writers took the time to address a question that was undoubtedly on every Popolo fan's mind when Gomer first showed up: what happened to Gon and Don?! It's nice to see that even when “changing the formula,” they still inserted subtle nods for long-time series fans like me – the kinds of nods that Popolo-heads will squee about, yet which remain subtle enough to keep the game completely accessible to series newcomers.
#9
As you've probably seen by now, the website for this game at http://www.returntopopolocrois.com features the first full story from the original late ‘70s/early '80s PopoloCrois Story manga, with its final installment scheduled to go up this coming Tuesday in celebration of the game's launch. What you may not know, however, is that the Black Baron – who's literally introduced on the very first page of this very first story – has never appeared in any PopoloCrois game or anime… until Return to PopoloCrois.
Yes, this game represents the reintroduction of one of PopoloCrois' oldest yet perhaps most forgotten characters: GamiGami's right-hand man, the Black Baron. It's nice to see you back in the spotlight, old friend – and what a lovely re-debut you've been given!
#8
I don't know how I keep forgetting to mention this, but Return to PopoloCrois has a really neat souvenir system in it! This is actually a PopoloCrois tradition, too, as it's at least mentioned (if not interactable) in virtually every incarnation of the franchise (even including the anime!).
Basically, every town you visit in the game has souvenirs for sale. These include things like a desktop palm tree, a lamp shaped like a fish, a turnip encased in ice, a really nice carpet, and a “Bananas Doll” (which is not a typo! Per its description: “It may look like a bunch of bananas, but it's actually modeled after Bananas, the fairy of bananas”). These items cost quite a lot of money, and don't actually do anything; they are literally just souvenirs of your travels, with each one designed to represent the area from which it originates.
As you collect souvenirs, they're sent to the back room of the Synthesis Station on your farm, where they're put on display for your admiration (just as other games based on the PopoloCrois franchise would send these items to the attic above Prince Pietro's bedroom).
Pointless? Maybe. But I'll bet my souvenir room has more stuff in it than yours! And I sure do love touring it from time to time…
#7
Return to PopoloCrois has a full-fledged postgame on offer after the credits roll, and it's filled with tons of new quests and NPC interactions, some new little story events that are rather neat, and even the ability to make all your aforementioned souvenirs SOLID GOLD (so yes, you can have a solid gold Bananas doll, a solid gold carpet, or even a solid gold turnip encased in solid gold ice!).
Here's a bonus protip, too: be sure to track down and talk to Professor Sabo during this postgame for a really cool fully voiced scene that more or less outlines your exploits as a historical tale, just as you might imagine they'd be presented in a history textbook! It's a nice little cap to Professor Sabo's own mini-story, and also a really great way to feel even more awesome after everything you've accomplished.
#6
Like a lot of old-school RPGs, every town in Return to PopoloCrois has a “town greeter” who welcomes you with a unique message. Sometimes, this message changes as the story progresses, while other times, it remains exactly the same throughout.
…OR DOES IT?!
Don't ever assume that an NPC will say the exact same line every time you talk to him/her, because that's pretty much never true. There will always be some magic moment in the story when an NPC will say something totally different from the norm – and I'm not just talking quest dialogue here, but regular, plain-jane no-quests-on-offer dialogue. And when this happens, let me tell you, it tends to be pretty memorable stuff!
#5
If you have a chance to read through the item descriptions in the game, I highly recommend doing so. There's actually a fair bit of lore contained within them, including information on a previous dark chapter in Galariland's history when the world was only narrowly saved… by cows.
Some other great item descriptions include the one for “Pacapaca Fur,” which details exactly why it can be used as a consumable to escape from dungeons (because you're unspooling it behind you as you adventure forth, and can thus follow the hairs all the way back to the entrance if you get lost), as well as the one for a rare crop called “Puckered Tulip,” which states that it's the world's gaudiest flower and any girl would be absolutely horrified to receive it as a gift…
#4
…which turns out to be entirely true. Each of the five blessed maidens has unique dialogue in place specifically for when she's given a Puckered Tulip. And suffice it to say, it's not complimentary. (It'll also set you back quite a way on her relationship meter, too, so gift at your own peril!)
#3
Item descriptions aren't the only things that reveal a little bit of extra lore; monster descriptions are pretty informative as well! Wondering why the Lesser Demon boss at the start of the game attacks you with a potato on a fork? Well, there is indeed an answer to be found in the game's bestiary! (“Summoned during dinner, perhaps?”)
Some of the monster descriptions are actually rather creepy (like soldiers from the ancient past who don't even realize they've died), while others are just fun and silly (like five color-coded bugs who've formed a sentai team and now work together as a single entity). And regardless of the tone, they're all pretty fun to read, and were actually a blast to translate – which is kind of a rarity for RPGs, as this sort of system text is usually the biggest slog to get through.
#2
Cassandra Lee Morris plays the role of the female lead, Narcia, in our English dub (and a better choice I could not imagine!), but she also plays the stoic comic relief character, Trixy. At the start of our recording session for Trixy, we found ourselves having some difficulty dialing such an expressive actor down to just the right level of “creepy monotone”… when suddenly, director Taliesin Jaffe had a brainstorm. He buzzed into the booth and told Cassandra, “Go a little more 'Wednesday Addams' with it.”
Cassandra immediately found the exact right voice for the role, and the rest of the session went incredibly quickly and had us in stitches the whole time! You can hear a couple choice sample lines for this character at our website (which is, once again, http://www.returntopopolocrois.com).
And finally, my number one favorite factoid about Return to PopoloCrois – which is also related to the voice-acting – iiiiiis…
#1
…that we actually dubbed the Blue Wolf! We weren't sure if we should at first, but we ultimately decided that it was only right to give the wolf the same treatment as any of the other main characters. This was definitely our first time working with a human actor playing a (non-talking) animal, though, so we deferred to our director that day, Kirk Thornton (and yes, there were multiple directors on this project), for advice on whom would be best to work with for such a task.
He gave us a great recommendation, and we couldn't have been happier with the result. I'm sworn to secrecy on who it was, but if you're curious, the same actor also played the leader of the Galari sprites, Sedona.
As a special related factoid, too, the voice script for the Blue Wolf did not, in fact, consist of barks and growls, but actual, full lines of dialogue that the actor was supposed to bear in mind while barking and growling. Basically, she was instructed to play a wolf capable of understanding human language, and trying as hard as possible to express human sentiments (in the form of full written sentences) despite having no ability to speak words.
…That really was perhaps the single most unique recording session I've ever had the privilege to behold. What a strange, amazing evening that was!
There are certainly more things I could mention here – like the lovely sound of Patrick Seitz as the White Knight getting shot out of a cannon, or the brief nod to GamiGami's long-time catch-phrase (which deems virtually everything to be “man's romaaaaaance!”) – but ultimately, I think you guys should discover all the little nooks and crannies of this game on your own. The worlds of PopoloCrois and Galariland alike are rich and full of life, and there's certainly no shortage of things to see or do in either locale. The main campaign can be completed quickly, but I urge anyone who plays this game to take some extra time to “stop and smell the roses,” so to speak. The GamiGami Devil is in the details, and there are most assuredly details to be found around every corner.
Go forth, my friends! Your destiny awaits in only a few short days!
-Tom
Liberal comedian Bill Maher is fond of ridiculing conservatives by claiming they are unintelligent, backward and anti-science.
So it is with great amusement that we can sit back now and remember all of the times Maher embraced, with his trademark smarmy confidence, the largely baseless theory that vaccines are bad for people.
We wouldn't normally single out a random talk show host, but the establishment media has gone all in on the theory that Republicans are endorsing an anti-vaccination position when many of the communities that oppose vaccinations are wealthy and liberal.
Maher's anti-vaccination position was on most prominent display during an October 2009 interview with former Republican Tennessee Sen. Bill Frist, who is a physician by trade.
During that debate, Maher expressed opposition to the swine flu vaccination while Frist argued in favor of the shot.
“So why would you let [the government] be the ones to stick a disease into your arm? I would never get a swine flu vaccine, or any vaccine. I don't trust the government, especially with my health,” Maher argued, adopting an anti-government stance he claimed was normally the domain of conservatives.
Frist dismissed Maher's concerns, telling the comedian that he was literally crazy.
WATCH:
On his show a week later, Maher revisited Frist debate and the response to it in the media.
“It's actually a risky medical procedure that begs long-term cost-benefit analysis,” Maher said of immunization shots. “I mean if you don't believe me look on the CDC website as to what is in the swine flu vaccine. You know, aluminum, insect repellent, formaldehyde, mercury.”
WATCH:
In a November 2009 article at The Huffington Post titled “Vaccination: A Conversation Worth Having,” Maher provided insight into what source material had helped shape his vaccine skeptic views.
In one passage, Maher cited as “extremely credible” the founder of the group National Vaccine Information Center.
“Someone who speaks eloquently about this is Barbara Loe Fisher, founder of the National Vaccine Information Center,” Maher wrote. “I find her extremely credible, as I do Dr. Russell Blaylock, Dr. Jay Gordon and many others.”
Both Blaylock and Gordon oppose most childhood vaccinations. Gordon has made numerous media appearances amid the recent measles outbreak and claims that he signs hundreds of “personal belief exemptions” that allow children to delay or forgo the vaccination. He claims that the risk of being injured by the vaccine is greater than the risk from the illness itself.
Though Maher claimed in his article that Fisher does not consider herself to be “anti-vaccine,” many observers consider her and NVIC one of the leading anti-vaccination proponents in the country.
The group's website has frequently championed the work of Dr. Andrew Wakefield, whose 1998 study, published in the health website The Lancet, claimed to have discovered a link between childhood vaccines and autism.
That study, which The Lancet retracted in 2010 after discovering a plethora of errors in Wakefield's research, set off the most recent wave of vaccination skepticism.
In an web entry in 2010, Fisher reminisced about when she first met Wakefield in 1997 and described him as a freedom fighter.
“Anyway, Ms. Fisher is someone who says she is not “anti-vaccine,” but just has a lot of questions about the long term effect of using a lot of vaccines,” Maher continued. “After devoting her life to studying this, she says that the influenza vaccine studies that have been done ‘are not persuasive in proving that a seasonal flu shot provides immunity.'”
Maher cited other now-debunked vaccination skeptical research during a 2005 interview with then-CNN host Larry King in which he claimed that getting a flu shot increases a person's risk of Alzheimer's disease.
“A flu shot is the worst thing you can do,” Maher said. “Because it's got … mercury.”
The presence of mercury in the preservative thimerosal has been a concern for vaccination skeptics who claim that it causes developmental delays in children. As presidential candidates in 2008, both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton endorsed a complete ban of the compound. (RELATED: In 2008 Questionnaire, Obama, Hillary Revealed Concerns About Vaccines)
Thimerosal has not been linked to autism in any rigorous study. Even after the federal government drastically reduced its use in vaccines — which they did solely for precautionary reasons and under pressure from vaccination skeptics — autism rates have continued to increase.
“It prevents flu,” King told Maher, defending the influenza vaccine, which is the only that currently contains thimerosal.
Maher denied the claim, saying that the long-term consequences are worse.
“Well, I hate to tell you, Larry, but if you have a flu shot for more than five years in a row, there's ten times the likelihood that you'll get Alzheimer's disease,” Maher said, and began suggesting that King stop getting the shot.
The source of Maher's claim has been traced back to a South Carolina-based physician named Hugh Fudenberg, who in 1997 presented his findings on the vaccine-Alzheimer's link at an international vaccination symposium hosted by Fisher's National Vaccine Information Center. Fudenberg was also a collaborator on Wakefield's now-retracted autism study.
As anti-vaccination views have been pushed to the fringe, Maher has largely avoided the topic on his show. But his vaccination skeptical views resurfaced last month — albeit in a toned-down version — during an interview on his show with Dr. Atul Gawande.
“Flu vaccines are bullshit,” Maher claimed, citing recent reports that the flu vaccine was only 23 percent effective.
“This year's vaccine, we have a particularly virulent strain that has what's called genetic drift,” explained Gawande. “It can change on the spot.”
Follow Chuck on Twitter
During Anthony Scaramucci‘s first press conference after becoming the new White House communications director, he tried to paint President Donald Trump as a “very, very” competitive man.
Scaramucci said he's seen Trump throw “a dead spiral” through a tire, hit foul shots in Madison Square Garden in a top coat, and said he “sinks three-foot putts.”
“The president's a winner, and what we're going to do is, we're going to do a lot of winning,” he said.
But if you didn't watch the press briefing and decided to read the transcript instead, you would find a different, more flattering version of the golfing claim.
In the transcript of the briefing on the White House website, the “three-foot putts” that Scaramucci referenced has been changed to “30-foot putts.”
Here's Scaramucci's original statement:
And here is the official White House transcript:
Screengrab via WhiteHouse.gov (Public Domain)
Those two things don't match.
It's true that Trump loves golf–and he's played frequently since becoming president and owns quite a few golf resorts.
While it's unclear if he can actually “sink” 30-foot putts, it's clearly not what Scaramucci said at the press conference.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request to clarify whether the change was intentional.
The altered transcript is just a small blip in the rocky first week for the new communications director.
Scaramucci started his tenure by saying he was prepared to “fire everyone” in an attempt to stop leaks coming from his office to the press. On Thursday, he said he wanted the White House to be more like Penn State and employees to act with “dignity,” like disgraced late Penn State football coach Joe Paterno.
He also appeared to claim that Trump's Chief of Staff Reince Priebus was the source of leaks coming from the White House.
Here's condensed look at the changes from Scaramucci's press conference and the White House transcript:
https://twitter.com/MattNegrin/status/890584702612119552
Belmont and Clark Car Crash View Full Caption
LAKEVIEW — A driver who fell asleep at the wheel on Clark Street crashed into a bus and a mailbox at Belmont Avenue and Clark — and then the responding ambulance got in an accident, too, police said.
The initial accident happened around 1 p.m. Tuesday. After falling asleep, the male driver crossed the center line of Clark Street, struck a CTA bus and ultimately smashed into a news box and a mailbox, according to Town Hall Police Cmdr. Elias Voulgaris.
An ambulance arrived onto Belmont to pick the driver up, said resident Jason Chin, who witnessed part of the incident from Dollop Coffee shop, 824 W. Belmont Ave.
As it drove away, it struck a passing car, police said.
It didn't look terrible, Chin said, but "it was enough that the guy was real pissed and wanted the police report."
"It was just bad timing," Chin said.
Another ambulance was called, and the driver was transferred over, he said.
The driver is at Illinois Masonic in good condition, police said. No paramedics were hurt.
By Tuesday afternoon, the driver's blue Monte Carlo remained up against a damaged mailbox on the northeast corner of the Belmont and Clark intersection, with passersby of the busy intersection pausing to snap photos.
Chin, who coincidentally runs a blog about the travails of Clark Street called "I Hate Clark Street!", said he's surprised accidents don't happen more frequently in the area.
"It was like I was watching an episode from 'The Simpsons'," he said.
President Obama said that the Libya war and its aftermath were the “worst mistake” of his presidency, highlighting the highs and lows of his administration in a candid interview, BBC News is reporting.
Specifically, Obama admits that his administration failed to properly prepare for the aftermath of Libya's civil war, which ultimately led to warring factions vying for control of the country, leading to tens of thousands of casualties.
Back in February, 2011, protests erupted in Libya, and rebels aligned themselves into a militia groups aimed at ousting dictator Muammar Gaddafi.
As pro-government and rebel forces battled for control of Libya, the Obama administration — backed by the U.N. — carried out targeted airstrikes designed to protect civilians.
In October, 2011, Gaddafi was killed — but that hardly spelled the end of the strife in Libya. Over the ensuing months, rival factions vied for control of the North African nation.
In September, 2012, the U.S. Ambassador to Libya was killed, along with three other Americans, by Islamist militias targeting the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi. Current Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State at the time. To this day, Clinton's role in the Benghazi attacks continues to haunt her campaign.
As of this writing, Libya is still in a state of civil war, and remains without a functional government. The U.N. announced a new interim government in January, 2015, but that government has yet to take control. Parts of the country are controlled by ISIS, and Libya has been known to act as a “jumping off” point for would-be jihadists hoping to join up with fighters in Iraq and Syria.
The debacle in Libya even led Obama to publicly call out his colleagues — specifically British Prime Minister David Cameron, whom Obama called “distracted.” The public rebuke was a rare move for a sitting U.S. president, and reportedly angered some within the Cameron government.
In a candid interview with the Atlantic, Obama admitted that his Libya policy has been a failure.
“So we actually executed this plan as well as I could have expected: We got a UN mandate, we built a coalition, it cost us $1 billion—which, when it comes to military operations, is very cheap. We averted large-scale civilian casualties, we prevented what almost surely would have been a prolonged and bloody civil conflict. And despite all that, Libya is a mess.”
In addition to opening up about his administration's failures in Libya, Obama also spoke candidly to Fox News about some other benchmarks of his administration.
As for what Obama believes is the greatest accomplishment of his administration, Obama said it was “saving the economy from the great depression.”
Obama said his best day in office was when the Affordable Care Act was passed. His worst day, he says, was when learned of the Sandy Hook shooting.
A makeshift memorial to the victims of the Sandy Hook shooting. [Photo by John Moore/Getty Images] Obama has spoken candidly before about his regrets. In a July, 2015, BBC News interview, Obama mentioned mentioned his failure to pass “common sense” gun regulations as one of his biggest regrets.
“And you know, if you look at the number of Americans killed since 9/11 by terrorism, it's less than 100. If you look at the number that have been killed by gun violence, it's in the tens of thousands. And for us not to be able to resolve that issue has been something that is distressing. But it is not something that I intend to stop working on in the remaining 18 months.”
Do you believe Obama's biggest failure in office has been Libya?
[Photo by Joshua Lott/Getty Images]
#Taliban force masses in Bakwa district, Farah, #Afghanistan. Hundreds of fighters gather in the open unopposed. pic.twitter.com/oQCK0fxI4V — Long War Journal (@LongWarJournal) October 30, 2017
Hundreds of Taliban fighters in the western province of Farah paraded their vehicles and then stood in formation for a lengthy period of time, without fear of being targeted by Afghan or Coalition forces, to listen to an official give a speech recently . The Taliban continues to be able to operate openly in nearly all areas of the country.
The Taliban displayed their military power in the contested district of Bakwa in a newly released video titled From the Fronts of Farah. The video which was released on the Taliban's propaganda website, Voice of Jihad, “is dedicated to the Jihadic situation of Farah province showcasing the strength, control and advances of the Mujahideen of Islamic Emirate,” according to an accompanying statement.
The video appears to be filmed at Bakwa's district center or a large village in the district. In the video, scores of Taliban vehicles, including new Toyota Hilux pickup trucks and minivans, as well as HUMVEES and Ford Ranger pickup trucks that have been captured from Afghan Army and police units, are paraded by the Taliban. Taliban flags are flying everywhere, and many vehicles display the white banner of the group.
After the vehicles are parked, hundreds of heavily armed Taliban fighters line up and stand in formation to listen to a speech from Taliban “scholars and officials.” Again, Taliban flags are prominently displayed as the Taliban leaders address the formation.
Bakwa district is assessed by FDD's Long War Journal as being contested. The Taliban has overrun military bases there in the past, and last year was able to kill eight policemen during an assault on the district police headquarters.
The video From the Fronts of Farah is the latest in a series of Taliban propaganda films that has highlighted Taliban operations. A similar video, from the neighboring province of Nimroz, was released by the Taliban earlier this month. As with previous propaganda videos, the Taliban demonstrated that it can easily organize its forces for assaults on bases and district centers and execute attacks over extended periods of time, or parade its troops in the open, without fear of being targeted from the air by Afghan or Coalition forces. The Taliban has taken advantage of its control of rural areas to mass its forces.
The Taliban has remained on the offensive against Afghan forces despite the US government's modification of strategy and tactics that are designed to roll back Taliban gains and defeat them on the battlefield. If the US and the Afghan government want to halt Taliban gains, the Taliban must be forced to pay a heavy price for massing and striking outposts, bases, and district centers.
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
The Los Angeles Times posted an article yesterday suggesting that Donald Trump's presidency and the future of the Republican Party is in danger...because of white college graduates. Their argument? This demographic, who once supported Trump, has had enough of the President's 'shenanigans.'
Republican hopes for keeping control of the U.S. Senate next year will hinge on affluent, mainly white suburbs like Summerlin, Nev., where Trump's unpopularity is weighing on GOP Sen. Dean Heller in his run for reelection. It's an open question whether the Republican Party — encumbered by Trump's often racially charged cultural appeals to blue-collar voters — has repelled well-educated whites for the long term. “This is a big group of people, and they're growing, and if they turn into a base group for the Democratic Party, that really changes things a lot,” said Ruy Teixeira, a demographics expert at the left-leaning Center for American Progress. “If there's anyone who can do that, it's Donald Trump. For now, the Trump backlash is endangering House Republican incumbents in well-off suburban districts nationwide, including more than a half dozen in Southern California. Republican Reps. Dana Rohrabacher of Costa Mesa and Darrell Issa of Vista are two of the Democrats' top targets for 2018.
Oh, brother. Some people are frustrated with Trump's presidency, so now we're in a doomsday, apocalyptic time period?
What liberal papers, like the Los Angeles Times, seem to forget is that not every midterm election is based on the president's performance. Yes, Americans hold their representatives' feet to the fire but that doesn't mean that long-term Congressmen, like Issa and Rohrabacher, are suddenly going to be ousted. It doesn't mean that their long-standing reputation in their community will be thrown out the window. In fact, both of those men have pretty strong constituencies.
When I worked in politics in Southern California it was known that both Issa and Rohrabacher had a stronghold in their district. They hardly ever had to spend money defending their districts against challengers (if they even had one). Other conservative candidates often looked to Issa and Rohrabacher to campaign on their behalf or donate to their campaign.
Dedication and loyalty to conservative principles go a long way with conservative voters. That doesn't change just because the president did.
They Peg Us All The Same
The number one thing the liberal mainstream media gets wrong about us? They assume we're all alike and that we all think the same.
I know it's shocking and hard to believe, but not every conservative believes the same thing. That's true of any political party or set of principles. Our political identity is shaped based on our upbringing, our culture and our own personal experiences. Making the assumption that we're all 100 percent on the same page is just...assanine.
I'm a white, college graduate and guess what? I voted for President Trump. I'm not having buyer's remorse. You know why? Because I know that having Hillary Clinton in the White House is the absolute worst case scenario that could have taken place last November. Are things with Trump perfect? No. Could they be worse? Absolutely. Has he gotten things done? No doubt about it.
The 'Guilt Factor'
Those who are having buyer's remorse are regretting voting for Trump because of the backlash they're seeing from their liberal counterparts.
Translation: They've been bullied for the last year and they're tired of it. They figure their liberal friends and family will forgive them for voting for Trump if they act apologetic and remorseful.
These couple of paragraphs in the LA Times piece confirmed that very thought for me:
Part of what's pushing white-collar suburban voters away from the GOP is Trump's alliance with his party's right wing on abortion, immigration and climate change, said Mark Mellman, a Democratic pollster who worked for former Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada. “The Republicans have become an anti-science, anti-fact, anti-immigrant, anti-cosmopolitan party, and that is just very unappealing to college-educated voters,” Mellman said. Republicans have also positioned themselves, he said, as “anti-diversity” in an era when college-educated whites have largely welcomed civil-rights advances for women, racial minorities and LGBTQ Americans.
So, basically, because the Republican Party believes in God, is against the murdering of unborn children and believes in following the rule of law, we're horrible people who are just "unappealing" to those who are college-educated.
This, my friends, is when I'm absolutely ashamed of being a Millennial. My generation has become such hippies that it's ridiculous. We have to constantly be sensitive to other people's feelings. We have to take into account what's emotionally right not what is lawfully right. And, more than anything, we're all supposed to sit together and sing kumbaya.
WAKE UP, AMERICA!
I wish the Baby Boomers would have slapped some damn sense into my counterparts. You know why?
Because there is nothing wrong with putting God above everyone else.
Because there is nothing wrong with saying that an unborn baby's life is just as precious as yours or mine.
Because there is nothing wrong with believing that laws exist for a reason and therefore they should be followed.
Because there is nothing wrong with wanting to work hard for your money and actually be able to keep it instead of forking it all over to the government.
Our country is going to shreds because everyone is always triggered by something or someone. As my mom used to say, it's time to put your big girl panties on and face the world.
Almost all you need to know about Canadian politics in the next two years can be summarized in one simple number – 10 per cent.
Ten per cent is the share of the electorate that has deserted Stephen Harper's Conservatives since the last election. In that contest, the Conservatives captured a shade less than 40 per cent of the votes. For months now, polls have given the Conservatives about 30 per cent.
At 40 per cent, the Conservatives would win again, likely with another majority; at 30 per cent, they would lose power. Their aim – and it will drive almost everything they do in the next two years – will be to recapture all or most of the difference.
Story continues below advertisement
What about the other 60 per cent of the voting public? The Conservatives could care less about them. The overwhelming majority of those people aren't going to vote Conservative, period.
Nik Nanos, the pollster, asks this interesting question on an ongoing basis: Could you imagine voting for a given party? He consistently finds that 60 per cent of voters replies that they could not imagine voting Conservative. The party's ceiling, therefore, is 40 per cent.
No matter what the Conservatives have successfully done in office, no matter how hard they have tried and how much money they have spent, no matter how favourable the economic circumstances, no matter how inept the other parties, the Conservatives have never shattered that 40-per-cent ceiling. But if they don't crawl back close to it by the time of the next election, they will struggle to be re-elected, let alone to win another majority.
Given this strategic imperative, you might think that midway through a majority government's term, a party mired at 30 per cent would be rethinking its strategy. That would be to misunderstand the Harper government.
Instead of rethinking, the Prime Minister has doubled down on his long-term strategy, which depends on polarizing the electorate and identifying and mobilizing the Conservative vote. He reshuffled his cabinet to add younger ministers of the same type as the more experienced ones: hard-edged communicators and sharp-elbowed partisans. He regrouped people in his office and at party headquarters who are unreserved loyalists. There are no even mildly discordant voices, let alone fresh faces or new views, in Mr. Harper's inner political circle.
Of critical importance to this strategy is identifying in great detail where possible Conservative voters lie and how to motivate them. The party's vast data banks, its impressive fundraising lists and its years of experience in government give the Conservatives a precise picture of their potential electoral world – the 40 per cent.
Therefore, domestic and foreign policy will be bent with even more relentless direction and energy at hitting the issues to swing that 10 per cent back into the fold. (They also hope, not unreasonably, that Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau will continue to provide them with gaffes to be used at an appropriate time.)
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
This micro-identification of departed or possible Conservative voters will be seen in foreign policy, as in more wooing of Jewish voters through blind support of every Israeli government position, helping Toronto's Tamils recall the boycott of the Commonwealth Conference, reminding Filipinos about Ottawa's efforts after Typhoon Haiyan. As an ambassador of a traditional ally recently remarked privately, never had the representative ever seen a government whose foreign policy was so driven by local ethnic appeals.
In domestic affairs, there will be all sorts of micro-initiatives directed at the 10 per cent: action to "protect" consumers against high wireless fees and cable charges, little tax breaks for this group or that, income-splitting mostly to benefit the middle to upper-middle class, protection against bank charges or whatever focus groups reveal Canadians don't like about the banks.
This political strategy involves finding out what irks the 10 per cent and acting on it. It has nothing to do with vision. The Conservatives know they enjoy a rock-solid base of 30 per cent, and the 60 per cent who dislike them now won't change.
It's all about the 10 per cent, and that's all you need to know.
Voters in Ohio have approved a ballot measure intended to keep government from requiring Ohioans to participate in any health care system.
The constitutional amendment passed is largely symbolic, coming in response to the 2009 federal health care overhaul, a provision of which mandates that most Americans purchase health care.
Supporters hope it will prompt a challenge of the overhaul before the U.S. Supreme Court.
The tea party and Republican groups backing the amendment say the Affordable Care Act was an overreach by the Obama administration and Congress.
They hope approval of the ballot issue will bar Ohio from instituting a state-mandated health insurance program like that of Massachusetts.
Opponents argued state law can't trump federal law and that the amendment's wording could unintentionally jeopardize state health programs.
As of June 29th, Reddit will be serving all of its pages over SSL encryption, the company announced in a recent post. The site is already available over SSL at https://www.reddit.com, but the new system will direct all connections to the SSL-protected version of the site. The result is a lot more privacy for users. Users connecting over SSL will be visible to networks as Reddit visitors, but any communication with the site will be entirely private. That means network operators can't see what username they're logged in under or which posts they're submitting to the site, an important feature for a site based on pseudonymous communities.
A number of sites have switched over to default encryption in recent weeks, including Wikipedia and all federal websites, driven largely by security concerns. SSL also prevents attackers from injecting malware into an otherwise legitimate data stream, an increasing concern in the wake of the Snowden leaks. At the same time, there are growing material incentives for companies that make the switch. In August, Google announced it would give a small boost in search rankings to sites using SSL, as a way of recognizing the appeal of a secure connection.
It might look like a scene from Minority Report, but Constantinos Miltiadis's hi-tech gear is science fact, not fiction. Created for a postgraduate thesis at ETH university, Zurich, and dubbed Project Anywhere, his proof-of-concept kit conjures a truly immersive digital experience using a smartphone-containing mask, “Inteligloves” and Kinect sensors. “The first thing I realised when I tried Oculus Rift was that it's very believable. In a matter of minutes, in a matter of seconds actually, you lose your connection to reality,” he says. But something was missing, “The first thing I wanted to do was look at my body and look at my hands.” Miltiadis's setup transports not only your vision but your body to a digital world: while the Kinect sensors track your skeleton, the gloves capture your hand movements. Both feed information, in real time, to a computer which sends it, via the cloud, to the app on your mask-mounted phone. What's more, both Miltiadis's headset and gloves are wireless.
But in developing a convincing virtual reality, new conundrums are produced. Among them, Miltiadis is wary of turning his virtual hands to gun-toting games, believing a potent illusion could bring its own dilemmas. “It stops being a game; it is actually a simulation of reality,” he says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The system can sense movements of your hand, and replicate them on screen. Photograph: PR
Instead, Miltiadis believes the setup could be used in myriad applications, from “multiplayer” Skype calls in which participants appear to be physically present, to educational offerings such as the creation of a virtual museum. Indeed, Miltiadis envisages a scenario in which “visitors” download an app to their phone, mount the device in the mask and put on the gloves, allowing them to explore displays, pick up and manipulate exhibits and interact with virtual film installations.
“You can do a lot more than you can in a physical space,” he says. It's a concept that has already gained fans – chief among them is the prospective Museum of Science Fiction in the US, which recently awarded Miltiadis the Arthur C Clarke Award in its International Architectural Design competition in recognition of his ingenious approach.
It's a futuristic vision yet it's one that Miltiadis is not alone is pursuing – techies the world over are developing their own versions of full-body immersion. But one thing's for sure: the virtual is becoming a reality.
Project Anywhere will be presented on 17 January at a TEDx event at National Technical University of Athens.
Feature list isn't complete, this page is subject to change.
There are three completion types:
Logical name Shortcut Basic Ctrl+Space Smart (SmartType) Ctrl+Shift+Space Class Name, equivalent to second Basic completion invocation Ctrl+Alt+Space
Pressing the same shortcut twice results in 'second' completion, which may give more variants.
All languages
You may choose item in completion list not only with Enter, but also with variety of other keys: space, dot, colon, semicolon, '(' etc. Basically this will result in inserting that character after the completed identifier, but sometimes more will be done. For example, finishing Java method call with '(' will, of course, insert also ')'.
Choosing item with Tab has special meaning. In this case, if you are inside identifier, it will be overwritten completely instead of just inserting the item string into caret position.
Choosing item with Ctrl+Shift+Enter not only inserts an item, but also invokes Complete Statement to syntactically correct the code. For Java method calls this means that what's after the caret becomes an argument of the method call just inserted.
Class Name completion (Second Basic) works everywhere and typically displays all class names that are accessible from the current location. On one more invocation it displays all the classes that may become visible if you change their access modifiers or add necessary module dependencies.
If you don't like some suggested classes and you don't want to see it anymore, you may easily exclude it from import and completion.
Middle matching is used to filter suggestions.
Java
Basic
Context-specific reference and keyword completion, inserts parentheses, semicolons etc. where necessary.
Variable/method name suggestion based on type name, super methods and unresolved references in context file
Getter/setter name completion based on class fields
If prefix starts with an uppercase letter, shows all classes (like Class Name completion). Suggested in first completion invocation if there were no matching variants.
Property name/file path in string literal
Second: Inaccessible members (e.g. private fields) are shown.
Smart
Performs reference variants filtering based on expected type. If say an int is expected, only the variables/fields/methods of int type will be suggested.
is expected, only the variables/fields/methods of type will be suggested. If there is a one-element array of expected type (like the one created automatically to communicate with inner classes), and its name is said ref , then ref[0] is completed.
, then is completed. After new suggests all the classes descending from the expected type, inserts parentheses, if the selected class is abstract, will generate anonymous class body and suggest methods to implement.
suggests all the classes descending from the expected type, inserts parentheses, if the selected class is abstract, will generate anonymous class body and suggest methods to implement. After throw new suggests only the runtime exceptions merged with those explicitly declared in throws -clause.
suggests only the runtime exceptions merged with those explicitly declared in -clause. In Javadoc throws tag suggests exceptions from method's throws-clause.
tag suggests exceptions from method's throws-clause. After catch suggests the exceptions that are thrown inside try .
suggests the exceptions that are thrown inside . After instanceof suggests inheritors of the checked expression type.
suggests inheritors of the checked expression type. When Class<? extends X> is expected, suggests Class<Y> for all Y inheriting from X.
is expected, suggests for all Y inheriting from X. Completes generic parameters where missing: List<String> l = new ArrayList<|>();
Inserts explicit method type parameters where necessary: collect(Collections.emptyLis|) where collect expects List<String>
where expects Suggests to cast to expected type after opening parenthesis: String s = (|
When calling a method or constructor with matching signature (e.g. a super method or a delegate), fills all the parameters immediately.
Suggests expression live templates whose result type can be determined from their text and enabled 'Smart completion' template context (e.g. one can create a template with a text like PsiManager.getInstance($END$))
Analyzes dataflow in search for typecasts and *instanceof*s and suggests casting expressions to expected type where possible.
Keywords: class , this (possibly qualified), true , false , null
, (possibly qualified), , , Second: Iterates over the visible methods/fields to check if their return value contains members of expected type, resulting in chained calls like getModule().getProject() . Prefix matching is done on both the first and the second member in chain (so you may get this result from both getMo| and getPro| ). Converts between arrays and lists when you have one in context and need another. Adds array member access when you have an array of expected type: int a = | will result in int a = intArray[|] .
Both Basic & Smart
When completing a qualified expression analyzes dataflow and checks if there are any typecasts or *instanceof*s concerning the qualifier. If yes, suggests the variants based on the cast type and inserts the cast automatically.
In debugger's Evaluate Expression dialog does similar casting to runtime type. When expression is simple variable/field access, it's done immediately, when it involves method calls, on second completion.
If all variants are method overloads with the same name, lookup isn't shown, method name is inserted with caret placed inside parentheses.
When completing a method with boolean return type, you may finish completion with '!' and the call result will be negated.
Second invocation searches for static methods and fields in the project visible from the current location. By default they are inserted qualified, but if you press Alt+Enter, you may choose to import them statically. Exclude from completion works for them as well.
@MagicConstant support: expected values are suggested
Searches expected class's static members for matching values: Singleton s = | will result in Singleton s = Singleton.getInstance();
will result in Searches method containing class for primitive constant fields which may be suitable
Groovy
Basic
Context-specific reference and keyword completion, inserts parentheses, semicolons etc. where necessary.
Runtime members: DefaultGroovyMethods SwingBuilder New! Grails domain class & controller dynamic properties and methods Gant script dynamic methods (e.g. depends, target) and properties (e.g. includeTargets, message)
Smart
A child has been taken to a hospital after being hit by a foul ball at Yankee Stadium. John Chandler reports.
A young girl was hit by a 105 mph foul ball at Yankee Stadium during Wednesday's game against the Minnesota Twins, renewing calls for Yankee Stadium to explore extending the safety netting.
It was in the fifth inning that Todd Frazier sharply fouled a ball into the stands along the third baseline, hitting the girl there.
Baseball fans reacts as a young girl is carried out of the seating area after being hit by a line drive during the fifth inning at Yankee Stadium.
Photo credit: AP
The stadium fell silent as fans rushed to help the child. Frazier was seen crouching down, apparently anguished, and Matt Holliday on base wiped away tears, also obviously distraught.
"I thought of my kids. I have two kids under 3 years old and I just hope she's all right," said Frazier, who flied out later in the at-bat. "I know the dad or whoever it was that was with them was trying their hardest, but the ball's coming at 120 miles an hour at them and the ball's hooking. So it's like if you've never seen a ball like that, which most people in the world haven't, it's very tough."
The young girl was carried out of the stadium as fans and players applauded in support. The game was delayed for several minutes as the emergency responders attended to the child.
Baseball fans reacts as a young girl is carried out of the seating area after being hit by a line drive during the fifth inning at Yankee Stadium.
Photo credit: AP
The girl is being treated at a local hospital, according to the Yankees. Manager Joe Girardi said after the game he got a report from team security that she is "doing OK."
The injury sparked calls from the players for more safety netting at the stadium.
Twins players also were distressed, and second baseman Brian Dozier and the Yankees' Matt Holliday had tears as they said prayers at second base.
"We've been trying to get these teams to put nets up," Dozier said. "Number one, you don't bring kids down there. And number two, every stadium needs to have nets. That's it. I don't care about the damn view of the fan or what. It's all about safety. I still have a knot in my stomach."
As to what it would take to get nets up, Dozier responded: "The last resort that we don't ever want to have happened. I'm not going to say it, but you know what I'm talking about."
Speaking through a translator, Twins infielder Eduardo Escobar said, "I just saw blood coming out of this little girl." He said perhaps kids under a certain age be prohibited from seats without protection.
The Yankees have said they are exploring extending the safety net after a child was hit by a broken bat at the stadium in May, and a foul ball hit a fan in July.
Major League Baseball issued recommendations for protecting netting or screens in December 2015, encouraging teams to have it in place between the ends of the dugouts closest to home plate.
"It remains an ongoing discussion in the industry," Commissioner Rob Manfred said at Safeco Field, before Wednesday night's game between Seattle and Texas. "We gave some guidelines two years ago, and what we have done since then is that we have encouraged the individual clubs to engage in a localized process, look at their own stadiums - every stadium's different - and to try to make a good decision about how far the netting should go in order to promote fan safety."
"If you look at what's happened, there has been a continuous focus forward movement in terms of increased netting in stadiums around the leagues and I expect that process will continue this offseason," he said.
The Mets are among a handful of teams in baseball that have already done so: Back in July, they extended their netting beyond the dugouts and all the way down the right- and left-field lines.
Child Hit by Bat at Yankee Stadium
A young fan was hit in the head when a Yankee bat shattered, going flying. (Published Thursday, May 25, 2017)
As for Wednesday's game, the Yankees beat the Twins 11-3.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Beard Shaping Tool – Shape Your Beard Like a Master Barber
If you've had your beard for a long enough time, then you likely have a horrific beard trimming gone wrong story – but no worries, it happens to the best of us!
Have you ever left the house only to look in the mirror later and find that you've done a lopsided beard trimming job and have spent the entire day looking like a complete doofus?
Or overshoot while shaving and ending up having to even up the other side for a look that ultimately wasn't what you were going for?
Grooming your beard to absolute perfection can be rough, so it's completely normal to make these kinds of mistakes.
While it's completely possible to be an expert beard groomer freehanded, it never hurts to have a little help.
With the help of the right tools in your arsenal, you will be impressed at how little of a chore grooming your beard can become.
The Benefits of Using a Beard Shaping Tool
Maintain the glorious manliness of your beard in perfect fashion with the right beard shaper.
These handy little utensils help you to trim a beard and achieve perfect lines with ease and keep your face looking well-groomed and symmetrical without going through the painstaking effort of trying to achieve such a result freehand.
Beard shapers are simple to use and have jaw-dropping results compared to simply attempting to achieve the ultimate manly look without the proper tools.
You can shape your beard with ease in a matter of few minutes, achieving perfect cheek lines and symmetry on both sides of your face.
Get a clean and perfect neck and beard line, and accomplish a variety of more daring beard styles you've never been brave enough to try in the past – until now.
Beard trimmer like Philips Norelco Multi Groomer or a straight razor, paired with a handy beard shaping tool, is all you need for the ultimate beard grooming experience.
Of the beard shapers you might find available on the market, there are a few different factors that come into play. The first is the material it is constructed from.
Your beard shaper is likely constructed from either wood, plastic, or metal.
Each of these different types of material will impact the performance, so make sure you find the type that is best for you – but more on that later.
The other factor that will affect how useful your beard shaping tool is would be the shape of the tool itself.
After all, the lines on your beard shaper are the lines you will be able to accomplish in your grooming routine, so you want a diverse selection to choose from, so the shape and lines that your tool offers are of immense significance.
Choosing the Best Beard Shaping Tool
When selecting the ideal beard shaper to complete your ultimate beard grooming kit, the two above considerations should be considered.
If you don't have an idea on where to start when looking for a beard grooming kit, Mountaineer Brand Kit has everything you need for your daily beard care routine.
These are the two questions you should be asking yourself before you click the “checkout” button:
Is this made from the right material for my needs?
Can it accomplish all the beard lines and shapes I'm looking for?
Let's delve deeper into the three types of materials you can most often expect from the beard shaping tools on the market:
Wood
Wood is probably the most likely material to become scuffed and scratched while being used. They may look classic and stylish, but they are one of the less durable options, and they won't look quite so hot when your razor has done a number on them.
Further, it's always more helpful to have a facial hair shaping tool constructed from a transparent material, allowing you to see your beard while you place the tool and trim away.
Metal
Metal is an extremely durable material and an understandable choice for your beard grooming routine – although, to many, it's not as pleasant in an application.
Holding the cold metal to your face first thing in the morning might be a good way to wake up your senses, but that's not what most people are looking for in their beard shapers – not to mention, you also run into that visibility problem again, as metal is not transparent.
Plastic
Plastic is a lightweight, durable material that will not scratch or chip easily. Furthermore, many plastic models are transparent, allowing you to see your beard while you place it before you start grooming.
This way, you can get the perfect positioning before you start trimming away at your facial hair. This makes it the ideal material from which to construct facial hair shaping tools.
The next thing you're going to want to weigh into the equation is the shapes and lines your tool offers.
The ideal option is for you to have plenty of curved and straight line options, and ideally, you will have several different curved edges available to appeal to any type of style you may want to attempt.
With a variety of edges to use, you will likely be able to take on the challenge of any beard style with ease.
You'll also want to weigh whether any of the edges of the tool you are considering has a comb, as this is helpful in trimming and styling your beard.
You can, however, choose a shaper without a comb, in which case you can purchase a comb separately. Our recommendation is Kent Handmade Beard Comb.
Once you have found a beard shaper that you think will suit you well, while keeping the above criteria in mind, then you've taken the first step to try out the miraculous beard grooming solution that will help you achieve even the most adventurous of beard styles with little trouble.
How to Shape a Beard with a Beard Shaper
Your new beard shaper will be just as easy to use as it looks. All you need to do when shaping a beard is line it up with your facial hair in accordance with the style you're trying to achieve and shave over the edge.
The tapered edge makes it easy for you to shave all the hair right up to the edge of the tool and the result is a crisp, clean beard cheek line or beard neckline. It's recommended to brush your beard before the use.
Our choice for a brush: Beardoholic Boar Bristles Beard Brush
Beard sculpting has never been easier than it is with a beard shaper. It gives you styles and lines you can cut to perfectly, achieving perfect symmetry every time.
Now, let's explore some of the styles you can delve into easily with this nifty tool:
How to Make a Curve Cut
If you want to accomplish the perfect curve cut along the line of your cheek, then you can accomplish this simply by lining up the curved edge of the tool right where you want it and shaving along the tapered edge.
You'll quickly get the feel for it and see that the tool leaves the facial hair safely protected from the razor's sharp edge, resulting in a clean curve cut.
Remember, if you have a transparent beard shaping tool, it is see-through for a reason!
Use this feature to make sure you have it positioned exactly how you want it because as many of us are all too familiar, you can't take back an ill-aimed stroke of your razor.
How to Make a Step Cut
A step cut is a type of graduated haircut in which the hair takes a form of cascading steps. To create a step cut, you can choose how you want the layers to look and where you want them to fall.
Start with the longest later you want, and trim your entire beard to that length to achieve symmetrical edges.
Next, go on to your subsequent layers and hold the amount of hair you would like to trim to the next shortest length and repeat the process of trimming it to the appropriate length, making sure both sides are even.
Repeat this process until you have the number of layers you'd like for your own unique step cut beard!
How to Trim a Neckline
Shaping your beard neckline is one of the most important parts of grooming your beard, as a messy neckline can really detract from your overall beard style – depending on what you are going for, that is. In some cases, a messy neckline is a way to go.
To get a perfectly trimmed neckline, simply press the tool to your neck, using the line shape that you think best for your neckline.
Place the tool against your facial hair where you would like your neckline to begin, protecting the hair that you would like to keep.
Next, use your razor to shave upwards, towards the tapered edge of the tool.
Shave all the hair on your neck below the beard trimming tool, which you have marked as your neckline. The result will be a cleanly shaven neck that serves to complement your beard nicely.
How to Trim Sideburns
Much like the other types of styles accomplished using a beard shaping tool, you can trim your sideburns with this handy gadget by placing it over the hair you would like to remain on your face.
Then, you can either use a razor or stubble trimmers to shave or trim along the tapered edge.
We recommend that you use Remington All-in-One Stubble Trimmer, as it really has all the settings you are going to need to trim your facial hair to perfection.
Many beard shapers also feature a comb, which you can run through your sideburns and then use trimmers to shorten the hair and tidy it up.
While at it, it's important to mention that you will also need a beard comb once you shape your facial mane. A wooden beard comb is by far the best option in this case as it has to offer many benefits to your beard.
Get Your Beard Shaping Tool Today
With these shaping tips in mind, the process of beard sculpting should become a lot faster and less painstaking.
We know there are a lot of beard shaping styles out there, and there's nothing better than shaping your beard with minimal hassle and seeing a great result in the mirror in the end!
Start the hunt today for the beard shaping tool that works best for you, or check out ours!
Photos from: IgorTishenko / depositphotos.com, pressmaster / depositphotos.com, fxquadro / depositphotos.com, Tverdohlib.com / depositphotos.com, Improvisor / depositphotos.com.
Articles you may also like:
Related
My nephew, Noah, appears to be your typical front toothless 6 year old boy. But Noah is far from typical. You could say he marches to the beat of his own drum, and that is far more literal than you would believe. The kid has energy like I have never seen and a personality that makes me sometimes think there is actually a little adult somewhere hiding in his body. From the time he was able to move on his own, everything he touched became a drum. That may seem pretty normal, sure lots of kids turn pots and pans into a set of bongo drums, but Noah had rhythm, even at 1. He could keep a beat and it has amazed me to watch him over the years and now as he beats on his real drum set.
The thing about Noah that gets me? He hates peanut butter! This is the one thing about him that makes me question if we are really related. Obviously if we are together, that means more for me, but I just am always amazed that he could care less for anything with even the slightest amount of peanut butter. Trust me, I have tried again and again to see if he will eat it but he just doesn't like it. Considering at least 50% of my recipes seem to have peanut butter, Noah surely can't be too pleased with me.
So, this recipe is dedicated to my little guy. I have figured out a way to make an oatmeal energy bite without the use of peanut butter. To be honest, I never really thought almond butter would be that great for one of these recipes, but it actually works quite well. The only thing you have to be careful of is if your almond butter is super dry. That can cause a problem. I was at the end of a jar and that was the case with one batch and they were a bit dry–tasty, but dry. As with the Almond Joy candy bar, these bites contain all the important ingredients: dark chocolate, almonds and coconut. The rest just adds extra fiber, protein and a little bit of sweetness. I used maple syrup for my batch but I am sure honey could work just fine as well. I also kept these refrigerated since that's where my almond butter stays as well. They didn't last too long though! These Almond Joy Oatmeal Energy Bites are easy to stash for the road so that you have them ready when you start to feel that slump in your day.
Whether you have peanut allergies or like Noah you just don't like peanut butter, these are for you!
“Whether or not individuals identify as gamers is done in the context of certain social constructions of gamer…Certainly “gamers” in the popular imagination are presented as particularly gendered and raced bodies who engage in certain types of play and for a pathologized amount of time…The narrow construction of gamer as an identity has been heavily critiqued for some time…What I am arguing for here, however, is that rather than try to disprove these assertions and articulate a new definition of gamer identity, I will demonstrate how players understand their relationship to video games as a medium through this construction of “gamer.” In particular I look at the way interviewees do or do not perform the consumption of games in relation to what they think of as gamer subcultural capital”
Django and Flask are two well known Python web frameworks. There are a lot of benchmarks claim Flask is 2x faster for simple JSON Response, one such is Techempower. After looking into the source, it struck me Django can do better!
I will compare Flask and Django for simple json response. The machine used is Macbook pro, Intel Core i5-4258U CPU @ 2.40GHz , with 8 GB Memory on OS X 10.10.3 . gunicorn==19.3.0 will be used for serving WSGI application.
#flask simple app from flask import Flask, jsonify app = Flask(__name__) @app.route('/index') def index(): return jsonify({'hello': 'world'}) if __name__ == "__main__": app.run()
Start the flask app, gunicorn -w 2 -b 127.0.0.1:5000 flask_app:app .
apachebench will be used for benchmarking, you can use any tool for this.
ab -n 1000 -c 2 http://localhost:5000/index ... Server Software: gunicorn/19.3.0 Server Hostname: localhost Server Port: 5000 Document Path: /index Document Length: 22 bytes Concurrency Level: 2 Time taken for tests: 0.622 seconds Complete requests: 1000 Failed requests: 0 Total transferred: 174000 bytes HTML transferred: 22000 bytes Requests per second: 1429.55 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 1.399 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 0.700 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 242.91 [Kbytes/sec] received
Now let's do same thing with Django 1.8 with default settings.
#hello/views.py from django.http import JsonResponse # Create your views here. def index(request): return JsonResponse({'hello': 'world'})
Add url('^index/$', index), in urls.py and hello app in settings.py . Start the Django app, gunicorn -w 2 -b 127.0.0.1:8000 django_app.wsgi .
ab -n 1000 -c 2 http://localhost:8000/index/ ... Server Software: gunicorn/19.3.0 Server Hostname: localhost Server Port: 8000 Document Path: /index/ Document Length: 18 bytes Concurrency Level: 2 Time taken for tests: 0.814 seconds Complete requests: 1000 Failed requests: 0 Total transferred: 179000 bytes HTML transferred: 18000 bytes Requests per second: 1228.25 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 1.628 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 0.814 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 214.70 [Kbytes/sec] received
Time taken for 1000 requests by Django is 0.814s and Flask is 0.622s . Clearly flask is faster.
Django is full fledged framework but Flask is micro framework. Django comes with a lot of middlewares, contrib models etc … Remove all those unused settings in settings.py .
Comment all middleware classes . The settings snippet looks like
INSTALLED_APPS = ( 'django.contrib.admin', 'django.contrib.auth', 'django.contrib.contenttypes', 'django.contrib.sessions', 'django.contrib.messages', 'django.contrib.staticfiles', 'hello', ) MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES = ( # 'django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware', # 'django.middleware.common.CommonMiddleware', # 'django.middleware.csrf.CsrfViewMiddleware', # 'django.contrib.auth.middleware.AuthenticationMiddleware', # 'django.contrib.messages.middleware.MessageMiddleware', # 'django.middleware.clickjacking.XFrameOptionsMiddleware', )
Restart the django app and run ab -n 1000 -c 2 http://localhost:8000/index/ .
... Server Software: gunicorn/19.3.0 Server Hostname: localhost Server Port: 8000 Document Path: /index/ Document Length: 18 bytes Concurrency Level: 2 Time taken for tests: 0.560 seconds Complete requests: 1000 Failed requests: 0 Total transferred: 150000 bytes HTML transferred: 18000 bytes Requests per second: 1784.37 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 1.121 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 0.560 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 261.38 [Kbytes/sec] received
Now Django took only 0.560s for 1000 requests compared to flask 0.622s .
Now remove Django admin from urls.py , and remove all contrib apps in INSTALLED_APPS .
INSTALLED_APPS = ( #'django.contrib.admin', #'django.contrib.auth', #'django.contrib.contenttypes', #'django.contrib.sessions', #'django.contrib.messages', #'django.contrib.staticfiles', 'hello', )
Restart the Django app and run the benchmark ab -n 1000 -c 2 http://localhost:5000/index .
... Server Software: gunicorn/19.3.0 Server Hostname: localhost Server Port: 8000 Document Path: /index/ Document Length: 18 bytes Concurrency Level: 2 Time taken for tests: 0.553 seconds Complete requests: 1000 Failed requests: 0 Total transferred: 150000 bytes HTML transferred: 18000 bytes Requests per second: 1806.90 [#/sec] (mean) Time per request: 1.107 [ms] (mean) Time per request: 0.553 [ms] (mean, across all concurrent requests) Transfer rate: 264.68 [Kbytes/sec] received
Far-reaching Immigration Bill will be in the first Queen's Speech
A ‘whole of government' approach to clamp down on illegal immigration
New offence of illegal working so police can seize wages, making sure illegal working doesn't pay
In his first speech on immigration since the election, the PM said that the new bill will include a series of measures to control immigration and do more to target illegal migration.
Read the Prime Minister's speech on immigration.
He set out his approach for a firm but fair immigration system which tackles abuse by using levers across government to curtail access to public services, take action against employers who don't play by the rules and remove more people with no right to be here. At the same time, the government will reduce demand for migrant labour by ensuring British people have the right skills and training to fill those jobs while continuing to welcome the brightest and best to the UK.
The Prime Minister said:
A strong country isn't one that pulls up the drawbridge…it is one that controls immigration. Because if you have uncontrolled immigration, you have uncontrolled pressure on public services. And that is a basic issue of fairness. Uncontrolled immigration can damage our labour market and push down wages. It means too many people entering the UK legally but staying illegally. The British people want these things sorted. That means…dealing with those who shouldn't be here by rooting out illegal immigrants and bolstering deportations. Reforming our immigration and labour market rules so we reduce the demand for skilled migrant labour and crack down on the exploitation of unskilled workers. That starts with making Britain a less attractive place to come and work illegally. And we're going to get far better at training our own people to fill these gaps from overseas. Our one nation approach will be tougher, fairer and faster. With this Immigration Bill, and our wider action, we will put an end to houses packed full of illegal workers; stop illegal migrants stalling deportation; give British people the skills to do the jobs Britain needs. We are for working people. For them, we will control and reduce immigration.
The measures will build on recent powers which have seen over 800 foreign criminals deported under “deport first; appeal later”, shut down more than 850 bogus colleges, cracked down on illegal working and sham marriages, protected people from exploitation and made it harder for people to live in the UK illegally.
The new legislation will go further:
new powers for councils to crackdown on unscrupulous landlords and evict illegal workers/migrants more quickly
making all banks check bank accounts against databases of people here illegally
extending the successful deport, first appeal later measures to all immigration appeals and judicial reviews to stop people frustrating the system
satellite tracking tags for foreign criminals awaiting deportation so we always know exactly where they are
creating a new offence of illegal working to close the loophole which means people who are here illegally can't benefit from working and police can seize wages as proceeds of crime
making it an offence for businesses and recruitment agencies to recruit abroad without advertising in the UK
creating a new labour market enforcement agency to crack down on the worst cases of labour market exploitation
On the new offence of illegal working the PM said:
Dealing with those who shouldn't be here. That starts with making Britain a less attractive place to come and work illegally. The truth is it has been too easy to work illegally and employ illegal workers here. So we'll take a radical step – we'll make illegal working a criminal offence in its own right. That means wages paid to illegal migrants will be seized as proceeds of crime… and businesses will be told when their workers' visas expire… so if you're involved in illegal working – employer or employee – you're breaking the law.
Notes to editors
The new criminal offence of illegal working will apply to migrants who have entered the country illegally and also those who came to the country legally but are in breach of their conditions or have overstayed. It will deprive illegal migrants of their wages which will make it harder for them to stay in the UK.
At the moment, migrants with current leave to remain who are working illegally in breach of their conditions may be prosecuted under section 24 of the Immigration Act 1971 and be liable on summary conviction to a 6 months' custodial sentence and/or an unlimited fine.
This leaves a gap in relation to migrants who entered illegally or have overstayed their leave, and are not therefore subject to current conditions of stay. This new offence will address this gap and will also close a loophole whereby the wages of some illegal migrants fall outside of the scope of the confiscation provisions in the Proceeds of Crime Act, unlike those individuals who are working in breach of leave conditions. It will also mean that people who are here illegally can't benefit from working and police can seize wages as proceeds of crime.
How to Trim Marijuana Plants – Cannabis Growing Tips
How to Trim Marijuana Plants – Cannabis Growing Tips How to Trim Marijuana Plants – Cannabis Growing Tips
Knowing how to trim marijuana is essential to having a great looking harvest. Although many dread trimming as it is time consuming. After months of work there is nothing better than looking at well manicured bud.
Not only does trimming or manicuring marijuana look more aesthetically pleasing but it also leads to better tasting buds. By removing all the excess leaves, users are left with a smoother smoking experience. Additionally removing the leaves also exposes parts of the plant rich in trichomes.
You will want to start trimming prior to harvest time. Ideally this is the perfect time to remove dying or withering leaves. Some growers take it a step further by removing on the fan leaves.
Machine Trimmed or Hand Trimmed Marijuana – How to Trim Cannabis
If you are growing cannabis for personal use or even have a small indoor grow room it is best to stick with hand trimmed cannabis. Although it is both understandable and tempting to buy a marijuana trimming machine, they come with a fair amount of mechanical maintenance and are expensive.
Additionally the technology has not been able to handle the varying bud sizes and ultimately seem to be more trouble than they are worth. Surprisingly even some of the larger growers still hand trim marijuana as it just looks better.
Ultimately your best options are doing it yourself or paying someone that knows how to trim marijuana. However if you have a couple friends make a day out of it and have some fun. No matter what option you go with, you will be happy and high as an end result.
Wet Trimming vs Dry Trimming – How to Trim Marijuana
Highly debated but ultimately a matter of personal preference. There are pros and cons to each. Essentially there are two windows of time where growers can hand trim their cannabis. The first window is started while the plants are still alive. This is called wet trimming as the plants are still moist at this point. This is the most popular method as it is easier to remove sugar leaves during this process. However most people wet trim because it also makes the drying time quicker.
Alternatively, dry trimming takes place after the buds have been drying for 1 to 2 weeks. This is a great option for those who live in drier climates. Moreover trimming cannabis while dry is a more clean experience .
What You Will Need – How to Trim Marijuana Plants
Clean surface – Large open work area such as table
3 trays – These will be for manicured bud, untrimmed bud and leftover plant matter. Ideally finding trays with screens is ideal for catching kief. A less expensive option is to use sprout trays.
Marijuana Trimming Scissors – Sharp easy to clean scissors and I highly suggest getting a couple pairs for every person trimming. The scissors get sticky real fast.
Ergonomically comfortable chair – You will be thankful for this
Gloves – This will save your hands and makes for a cleaner experience
Cleaning supplies – Specifically 91 percent isopropyl alcohol along with a few cleaning rags. Wash cloths are great as they will remove all the resin from the blades. You will need a decent sized cup to clean your scissors in.
Apron – A silk apron ideal as resin will not stick to silk. However any apron is better than no apron. As kief will get all over the place.
Entertainment – This will make the time go by faster.
How to Dry Trim Marijuana – Cannabis Growing Tips How to Dry Trim Marijuana – Cannabis Growing Tips
By following these easy cannabis trimming tips you will have been well on your way to enjoying some killer bud!
Remove Fan Leaves – These are large trichome free leaves. Best to remove prior to drying Cut dried buds from branch – Cut them into an ideal size without actually trimming the buds. These will be placed on a tray to be further trimmed later. This is called bucking down. Start Trimming – The only place you will want to see stem is at the bottom of the bud. Also trim the stem as close as possible to the bed without compromising it. Remove the crows feet which are the small tiny branches at the base of the nug. Trim and manicure the buds – Trim off excess plant materials by angling cannabis trimming scissors toward the bud and keep those scissors a moving! Take care not to over trim your bud and additionally its best to swap scissors out often. Trim and double-check the bud and move on to the next.
Additional Marijuana Trimming Tips – How to Trim Marijuana
Finally a few more cannabis trimming tips that are really helpful for those who are just learning how to trim marijuana.
Trim your cannabis with scissor tips. This will keep scissors clean longer.
Save your trim – Excellent for making edibles and tinctures.
Store in air tight containers – As covered in how to cure marijuana using air tight storage jars
Scissor Hash – Great for topping bong hits, joints or even for dabbing.
Get up and take breaks while trimming. This is a great chance to enjoy some the scissor hash I mentioned above after all you earned it right?
Whether you are just discovering how to trim marijuana or you are more experienced you will appreciate these cannabis growing tips as they save time and ensure maximum yields.
Cannabis Trimming Supplies
Luckily it is easier than you think to find some really awesome marijuana trimming supplies and what is better is you can purchase from reliable companies like Amazon. For example take a look at this cannabis trimming supplies.
2 Pack Straight Tip Trimming Scissors with Titanium Coated Aurelia Vibrant Latex Glove, Powder Free, 9.4 High Wasted Stoned Weed Cannabis Hipster Apron Isopropyl Alcohol > 99.5% – 1 Gallon Complete Harvest Kit – YELLOW Trim Tray Complete & 2 Pairs Delta 9 THC Cannabis Marijuana Molecule Apron Forum Novelties Men's Cannabis Costume Hat and Apron, Green, Unisex Weed Cannabis Cooking Chef Kitchen Aprons With This Is How I Roll Marijuana, Cannabis, Joint Cooking Apron Peace Sign Weed Cannabis LeafUnisex Waterproof Durable TrimBin Harvest More Trim Bin, Black Chikamasa B-500sf Stainless Steel Scissors w/ Fluorine Coating
Check out these other cool resources by Hydro AC
How to Trim Marijuana Plants – Cannabis Growing Tips
Knowing how to trim marijuana is essential to having a great looking harvest. Although many dread trimming as it is time consuming. After months of work there is nothing better than looking at well manicured bud.
Not only does trimming or manicuring marijuana look more aesthetically […]
Australian Treaties Database
The Australian Treaties Database (ATD) is an online resource for researching treaties to which Australia is a signatory, or where Australia has taken other treaty action.
You can search by subject, date or keyword, or you can search using several words separated by the words 'AND' or 'OR'. Search results include links to the full text of the treaty. All treaty texts are routinely added to the Australian Treaties Library on the Australasian Legal Information Institute (AustLII) database.
Treaty making process
Resources
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, its officers, employees and agents, accept no liability for any loss, damage or expense arising out of, or in connection with, any reliance on any omissions or inaccuracies in the material contained in this database. While every care has been taken in developing the Australian Treaties Database, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade cannot vouch for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained within it. Users should rely on their own enquiries, skill and care in using the information and check with primary sources. Enquiries can be directed to webmaster@dfat.gov.au.
Taipei, Taiwan
Most statues of authoritarian rulers eventually have their day of reckoning. In Taiwan, the largest one of former dictator Chiang Kai-shek may see that day soon.
Last week Taiwan's culture ministry announced plans to repurpose the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, one of Taipei's top tourist attractions, in a project could entail the removal of a massive bronze statue of Chiang. And the hall, it said, will stop selling Chiang-themed merchandise.
The memorial hall isn't alone. Chiang's presence is being steadily removed from public spaces across Taiwan, feeding into a larger public debate about Taiwan's identity and “Chinese-ness.” Chiang used education and propaganda to create a Chinese identity here, while also trying to erase 50 years of Japanese colonial rule and tamp down the local indigenous culture. But that identity has steadily faded since the arrival of democracy in the 1990s, and a new identity unique to Taiwan has begun to emerge.
Beijing, which clings to the view that Taiwan is part of China, hasn't failed to notice. “By removing Chiang's name from national memorials and monuments… China believes Taiwan is consolidating Taiwanese identity—one centered on the unique experiences of those on the island and separate from China,” said Jessica Drun, a fellow at the National Bureau of Asian Research in Washington, DC.
The White Terror
The legacy of US ally Chiang, who ruled Taiwan from 1945 until his death in 1975, is a regular topic of public debate, particularly at this time of year. Taiwan this week marked the 70th anniversary of the Feb. 28 massacre, known as ”228,” in which up to 28,000 Taiwanese were killed by Chiang's Nationalist, or Kuomintang (KMT), troops in the weeks following an uprising in 1947. A 2006 government report declared that Chiang was ultimately responsible for the atrocities.
After losing to Mao Zedong's Communist forces in the Chinese civil war, Chiang brought what remained of the KMT from mainland China to Taiwan in 1949 and declared martial law. The following years were known as the White Terror, due to the white helmets of the military police that took people away, often to never be seen again. Martial law was not lifted until 1987.
Today Chiang's face is still featured on coins, and variations of his name are easily found in most Taiwanese cities.
Chiang also used the name Chiang Zhong-zheng, and Zhongzheng Road is the most common road name in Taiwan. Near the seat of the government of Taiwan, officially known as the Republic of China, his presence is particularly strong: Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall is a stone's throw from Jieshou (“Long live Chiang Kai-shek) Park—all of which are located in Taipei's Zhongzheng District. A number of nearby schools and even a mountain peak carry the name Zhongzheng.
EPA/David Chang A man walks past a statue of former Taiwan president Chiang Kai-shek at the National Chengchi University in Taipei in February 2017.
A fading presence
But the number of Chiang statues around Taiwan has dwindled in recent years. Many have been retired to a park in the city of Taoyuan that displays hundreds of statues of Chiang and his son and successor, Chiang Ching-kuo. Others have been destroyed or defaced. In the northern city of Keelung, where the KMT first arrived in Taiwan, a Chiang statue was decapitated in 2015. On Feb. 28, four students at Fu Jen Catholic University in New Taipei City were detained after they attempted to fell a bronze statue of Chiang with an electric saw.
That same day authorities closed Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall in order to prevent “social confrontation,” according to culture minister Cheng Li-chiun. Amid concerns that Chiang's statue could be defaced, it was the first time the monument had been closed on the anniversary of 228 for political reasons, but confrontation occurred nonetheless.
Outside the memorial in Liberty Square—formerly known as Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Square—the chairman of the pro-independence Free Taiwan Party burned the Republic of China flag, which features the KMT emblem, and called for the removal of Chiang's statue. KMT supporters staged their own protest nearby, and scuffles ensued.
During his rule in Taiwan, Chiang was portrayed in the US and other countries as the leader of “Free China” and a Christian ally in the fight against the spread of communism. He was featured on the cover of Time magazine 10 times. But for many Taiwanese, he was an authoritarian ruler from another country who showed his true colors with the 228 uprising.
Chen Tsui-lien, a professor at National Taiwan University, has reviewed many of the historical documents related to 228, including Chiang's diaries. “He had a blind faith in the use of violence,” she said.
On Monday, Taiwan's most recent KMT president, Ma Ying-jeou, visited a monument and the two museums in Taipei dedicated to 228, as he had done as president from 2008 through 2016. When asked by local reporters about the government's plan to repurpose Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Ma responded cautiously.
“As the head of state at the time, Chiang was undoubtedly liable for the 228 Incident and the White Terror era,” Ma said. “As for exactly what kind of responsibility he had, I am afraid that is a matter for future generations to deliberate to reach a more accurate conclusion.”
Examining a dark past
Chiang's legacy is not only a sensitive topic for today's KMT. It is also of major concern to the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), which has staked no small part of its legitimacy on annexing Taiwan. Although the CCP uses the term “reunification,” it has never ruled Taiwan. Despite the fact that Chiang and Mao were enemies after 1949—they had cooperated on occasion before against warlords and the Japanese—both were in agreement that Taiwan was a part of China, said Drun.
“Chiang's vision of China… included both Taiwan and the mainland and he sought to ‘take back' the territory that the [CCP] controlled until his death,” Drun added.
Taiwan's president Tsai Ing-wen—whose Democratic Progressive Party espouses pro-independence views—has avoided rhetoric suggesting she intends to formalize Taiwan's sovereignty. But on Feb. 26, she announced the declassification of all 228-related documents, totaling 1.37 million pages. Examining Taiwan's dark past will only widen the political gap between Taiwan and China—where the idea of removing Mao's portrait and corpse from Tiananmen Square is unthinkable.
“Reconciliation must be built on truth,” Tsai said at a 228 commemoration on Feb. 28. “Without the truth, the past will not stay in the past.”
Romelu Lukaku's agent, Mino Raiola, has said the striker has agreed “99.9%” of a new contract with Everton but that the player's future at Goodison Park will be reassessed in the summer.
Everton have been in talks over a contract extension for Lukaku since August and Ronald Koeman last week said deals for the Belgium international and Ross Barkley would be addressed in the new year. Lukaku has two and a half years remaining on the five-year contract he signed when becoming Everton's record £28m signing in July 2014. His progress as the club's leading goalscorer, however, will see him rewarded with enhanced and extended terms worth around £100,000 a week.
The 100 best footballers in the world 2016 – interactive Read more
“We are talking to the club in a good spirit so we are very hopeful,” said Raiola, who met Everton's majority shareholder, Farhad Moshiri, and the chairman, Bill Kenwright, at the Merseyside derby on Monday. “There are no problems on the way that I foresee. I don't see any big problems. It is a question of putting the details on the paper.”
Raiola, who was speaking to Talksport on Wednesday, has established a good working relationship with Moshiri and Kenwright. A new long-term contract for his client does not necessarily translate into a long-term commitment from a striker who has made no secret of wanting Champions League football.
Everton placed a prohibitive £60m transfer fee on the 23-year-old in the summer, sufficient to ward off interest from his former club Chelsea and keep Lukaku at Goodison for Koeman's first campaign as manager. The striker has responded with nine goals and three assists but Raiola admits Lukaku's position will be reviewed at the end of the season.
“With Everton, we have 99.9% reached terms,” the agent said. “If Romelu is good enough, strong enough, to move in the next year then we will talk to Everton about it. It is a very good relationship at the moment. We know what both parties want. Everton is going through a transition from a club that was maybe aiming for Europa League and now they are more ambitious and maybe in the near future will go into the Champions League or maybe even win the Premier League at a certain stage. For sure, it is an interesting club in England.”
Raiola added: “In football, you can't look too much in front. You need to take it one transfer window at a time. For now, we are agreeing terms and then we will see in the summer what happens and how the situation is. If there is an interest from both parties to move on, then we will talk with the club, but at this point we only have one objective and that is to perform as well as possible for Everton.”
Everton are expected to be active in the January transfer window, with the Manchester United pair Morgan Schneiderlin and Memphis Depay high on the list and Charlton Athletic's 19-year-old forward Ademola Lookman another target.
Everton made a loss of £24.3m for 2015-16 in accounts posted at the weekend and Moshiri has since provided an £80m interest-free loan. That has been used to pay off other loans totalling £54.8m plus the costs of sacking Roberto Martínez and his backroom staff in mid-contract last season.
Martínez's successor admits the Everton squad need surgery in the next two transfer windows to achieve the long-term aims. Koeman said: “We know that due to the people we have inside the club that this is a project which is for the long term and it does not mean that you are fighting for trophies within six months of arriving at a new club. We need to invest not only in January but also in the next summer transfer window. I believe that the club are aware of this and that I will receive the time. But it is not easy to get time within football these days.”
KARACHI: A protest organised by Islami Jamiat Talaba's Karachi chapter on Friday turned violent when a clash took place between protesters and police. Security forces resorted to aerial firing, tear gas and water cannons to push back the charged mob.
Three party workers, who were affected by tear gas, have been transferred to the nearest hospital.
Agence France-Presse photographer, Asif Hasan, was shot while covering the rally.
“AFP photographer Asif Hasan suffered wounds resulting from gunshots fired by...protesters, police have not opened fire,” Abdul Khalique Shaikh, a senior police officer in Karachi, told Reuters.
“The bullet struck his lung, and passed through his chest. He is out of immediate danger and he has spoken to his colleagues,” Doctor Seemi Jamali, a spokeswoman for Karachi's Jinnah Hospital where Hassan was taken, told AFP.
She added that Hassan was struck by a non-rubber bullet in his back.
Hassan did not appear to have been deliberately targeted but police and witnesses said protesters had been shooting at police and Hassan was caught in the crossfire.
The party denied it was responsible and blamed the police.
Hafiz Bilal Ramzan, head of Islami Jamiat-e-Talaba Karachi blamed police for the “indiscriminate” firing. “Police are responsible for those wounded during the protest including Asif Hasan,” Ramzan said.
Another reporter was also said to be injured in the clashes.
Following the skirmish, all roads leading to Teen Talwar were cordoned off while businesses in the vicinity were shut down.
Hundreds of people had gathered at Teen Talwar to register their protest over the publication of a blasphemous cartoon disrespecting Prophet Muhammad (Peace Be Upon Him) by French magazine Charlie Hebdo.
— DawnNews screengrab
Today's rally was aimed at registering its protest outside the French Consulate building. City police had blocked all the roads leading to the consulate and had stopped protesters from marching towards the consulate. The protesters were seen carrying batons.
The rally comes a day after Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif led Parliament in condemning the cartoons.
Take a look: NA adopts resolution against blasphemous Charlie Hebdo cartoons
Police said they were trying to control the situation by forcing the crowd to disperse but protesters kept on hurling stones at them.
— DawnNews screengrab
A contingent of Rangers' personnel also assisted the police in controlling the charged crowd.
Rallies observed in Lahore, Islamabad
Rallies are also being carried out in the capital Islamabad and the eastern city of Lahore against the controversial cartoons.
Supporters of Jamaat-i-Islami rally to protest against French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Islamabad. — AFP
Religio-political groups of all schools of thought are observing today as a black day against the French magazine. The Tehreek Hurmat-i-Rasool, a conglomerate of 20 plus groups, Jamaat-i-Islami, Jamatud Dawa, Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam-F, Jamiat Ulema-i-Pakistan, Sunni Tehreek and Sunni Ittehad Council also announced on Thursday launching a countrywide protest movement against the cartoons published by Charlie Hebdo.
Last week, the magazine's offices in Paris were attacked by gunmen, killing 12 people in cold blood in the worst attack in France in decades.
Victims included four prominent cartoonists, among them the editor-in-chief, Stephane Charbonnier, who had lived under police protection for years after receiving death threats.
The satirical newspaper gained notoriety in Feb 2006 when it reprinted sacrilegious cartoons that had originally appeared in Danish daily Jyllands-Posten. The cartoons set off a wave of violence in the Middle East which claimed 50 lives.
Its offices were fire-bombed in Nov 2011 when it published an objectionable sketch. Despite being taken to court under anti-racism laws, the weekly continued to publish controversial cartoons.
Examine: 12 dead in shooting at Paris offices of satirical magazine
Hollande hails 'reborn' Charlie Hebdo as magazine sells out
Earlier this week, the publication ran its first issue since the attacks, featuring a bearded man holding a sign reading “Je suis Charlie” (“I am Charlie")
The magazine, which last month did not have enough money to pay staff wages, could raise as much as 10 million euros in sales and donations since the attack.
Explore: Hollande hails 'reborn' Charlie Hebdo as magazine sells out
Peshawar rally pays tribute to Charlie Hebdo attackers
While last week's attack sparked global outrage, dozens of people in Peshawar paid tribute Tuesday to the brothers who carried out the murders.
The small-scale event was led by local cleric Maulana Pir Mohammad Chishti.
Read: Peshawar rally pays tribute to Charlie Hebdo attackers
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar lauds Charlie Hebdo attackers
The Jamat-ul-Ahrar faction of the Pakistani Taliban meanwhile issued a statement lauding the two brothers who carried out the Charlie Hebdo assault.
When V4Revue asked me to write about the outcome of the Polish Parliamentary elections, I found it to be a difficult task. The victorious Law and Justice Party is well known for being unpredictable. So I tried to be as broad as possible by proposing three scenarios, only weeks later realizing that my predictions did not even come close to reality, because Jarosław Kaczyński had a cunning plan up his sleeve all along.
To understand the current situation in Poland, one has to go back to the Round Table negotiations in 1989. For some, it was a triumph of a self-limiting revolution: a peaceful transition of power. But a sense of injustice was growing among those people left behind by a country changing at an extremely swift pace. Voices emerged, that the Round Table was actually a deal brokered between the Solidarity elites and the communists, so that they could monopolize power, leaving everyone else out. This legend was only strengthened when in 1992 Jan Olszewski's government fell as a result of the clash over lustration and decommunization. He became known as, “the only true-anticommunist prime minister, who was overthrown by communists and traitors” – this was just what was needed for the founding myth to take hold.
From then on, this parallel narration smoldered at the edge of mainstream political life. But it was Jarosław Kaczyński, who re-forged it into a complete parallel universe. With the help of Catholic Radio Maryja and some right wing newspapers they managed to build a self-sustaining media ecosystem that now claims to be “the only, true, Polish journalism,” which stands in opposition to the “regime” or “foreign-funded” mainstream media outlets, who they say “lie to support the establishment.” Their whole system was built around the creation of a private University in Toruń, which was meant to groom journalists to the media. Right wing historians published books that aimed to “show the truth,” while diminishing such legendary personas like Lech Wałęsa. The narration of the Church, that saw the European Union as a threat to “true Polish values,” portrayed the Polish political class as traitors, who after the collapse of the Soviet Union, turned to a new principal – a German-ruled EU.
In order to appease those Poles, who found themselves on the losing end of economic reforms, they blamed former security agents, who allegedly infiltrated businesses and syphoned money out of them. And many right wing Poles still find this explanation convincing, willingly remaining in a bubble and refusing to accept any counter narratives that come from the outside. They look down on other parts of society, calling them “lemmings,” those little rodents, who are allegedly unable to think for themselves and just follow the slice to their own destruction.
In 2005 when the coalition led by Law and Justice came into power, they hoped to “get rid of the system,” but internal conflicts tore their plan apart. Jarosław Kaczyński, unable to rule with his minority government, played va banque and called new elections hoping to gain a single majority. Voters, fed up with his unpleasant style of government, decided otherwise. For right-wingers this was proof that the “system” was afraid of Jarosław Kaczyński, and they claimed that the elections were rigged. A few years later when his twin brother, President Lech Kaczyński, died in a Smoleńsk plane crash, they needed no further proof. According to them, the system will do anything to protect itself – even assassinate the president!
Today, two Polands exist: on the surface, there is an Eastern European success story – a modern and progressive country that is enjoying the best moments in its history; and then underneath, inside this right wing bubble, there is another Poland that believes that the fight for freedom never ended – that enemies today just display different flags. This bubble swallowed about 20% of society, but it seems it has become as big as it can get. Therefore to regain power, Jarosław Kaczyński had to feint the enemy. So a whole campaign was launched to convince people, that the old, truculent and vindictive Law and Justice was a song of the past. Instead Poles were provided with a modern and sleek product, complete with a new generation of politicians, like President Andrzej Duda and Beata Szydło, promising widely expected social reforms.
This plan was a success, with Szydło becoming prime minister of the Law and Justice government but on the next day the masks dropped. Szydło and Duda turned out to be just puppets in Kaczyński's hands. It became clear that the party's true aim – completely dismantling the post-1989 order, punishing traitors and then starting all over again – was unchanged. However, because their majority did not allow them to change the constitution, they attempted a cunning plan to remove all obstacles: dismantling the state institutions, and reverting or modifying nearly all reforms introduced by the previous government to their liking. Kaczyński knew that some changes might be met with strong opposition, so he acted quickly in order to secure his position, but his “blitzkrieg” faced stronger resistance than expected.
A vast number of Poles took the streets in order to express their opposition to Kaczyński's attempts to hijack the Constitutional Tribunal. To counterbalance it, tens of thousands of Law and Justice followers were bussed into Warsaw to take part in pro-government rally. Kaczyński, in strong words, tried to paint the opposition as the “worst sort of Poles,” “traitors” and “beneficiaries of the old system, trying desperately to defend their privileged position.” He claims that he has a national mandate to carry on with his changes, but this claim is remorseless considering he only attained power because of low voter turnout and a proportional electoral system: in absolute numbers, less than one in five Poles voted for Law and Justice.
There is an ancient Polish legend that tells of Popiel, an unjust usurper prince, who as a punishment for his misdeeds, was eaten by mice. And just as in the legend, if the anger of today's “lemmings” prevail, another ruler of Poland might fall victim to the rodents.
Eveleth and hockey go hand in hand.
The small north-eastern city in Minnesota has been home to countless Hall of Fame hockey players, including "Mister Zero", who's more commonly known as Frank Brimsek.
Brimsek's name has become widely known across the nation's capital as rookie netminder Andrew Hammond tied the Hall of Famer's 77-year-old record after a 2-1 overtime win over the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday.
Brimsek, who played with the Boston Bruins and Chicago Black Hawks, holds a record dating back to Dec. 27, 1938, which saw him allow two goals or fewer in his first 12 NHL starts.
And now all the people of Eveleth can do is sit back and watch as the Hamburglar attempts to steal Brimsek's long-standing record against his former team, the Bruins on Thursday night.
"I hope he wins because my uncle Frank has passed," said Tom Brimsek, one of Frank's nephews who live in Eveleth and plans to watch the game Thursday.
"God bless him (Hammond). If he gets that record, wherever his career goes after this he'll be able to have it his whole life."
Tom said Hammond's story reminds him of how his uncle got his start.
"When he first started, he replaced a guy named Tiny (Cecil Ralph) Thompson (also a Hall of Famer). He went on to post six shutouts in his first seven games."
He said despite the lack of Hamburglar hype in Eveleth, Hammond's historic streak is "great for the game."
Brimsek passed away on Nov. 11, 1998 at the age of 85 but his legacy lives on in his hometown.
Eveleth is home of the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame Museum, and the world's largest free-standing hockey stick and puck.
The city's rink, the Eveleth Hippodrome, showcases several photos of Brimsek throughout his career while the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame has both of his Vezina Trophies and some old equipment on display.
"We pay good attention to hockey history here," said Doug Palazzari, executive director of the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame.
"Especially a guy like Frank. Everyone knows who he is."
Palazzari said he didn't even know about Brimsek's record until he heard Hammond had tied it.
And he's not too keen on the Burglar breaking the feat.
"I don't want anyone to break his record, but records are made to be broken," said Palazzari from his office.
"We appreciate the feat that the rookie is doing because it's incredible."
Hammond has even caught the attention of Phil Pritchard, the keeper of the Stanley Cup.
He said the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto won't be reaching out to Hammond or the Senators until a new record is set.
"As much as we love gathering artifacts, we usually don't reach out to a team until after a record has been set or broken … out of respect to the player," said Pritchard.
"It is an amazing feat though so far."
keaton.robbins@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @Keaton_Robbins
If City of Toronto managers had gone on the old Oprah Winfrey Show, she could have said, “YOU get a bonus and YOU get a bonus and YOU get a bonus, EVERYBODY gets a bonus!”, without having to pay any bonuses.
That's because Toronto property taxpayers give them a bonus ever year, to the tune of $11.3 million in 2016 alone.
Last year, of 4,400 non-union managers at City Hall, only 14 didn't get a bonus, which came on top of the 1.25% cost-of-living increase all managers received.
The vast majority, 3,577, received a 2.5% bonus, basically for doing their jobs.
Another 671 received a 4.5% bonus for exceeding expectations and 137 received a 1% bonus for kind of, sort of, meeting expectations.
The average non union city manager received $2,526 under the bonus system last year.
As the Toronto Sun's Sue-Ann Levy, who has been covering this issue for years, reported, bonuses are added to managers' salaries unless they are already at the top of their wage range, in which case the money is given to them as a lump sum payment.
Clearly, this is ridiculous and wasteful to taxpayers.
In effect, the bonus system is now baked into the salaries of almost all non-union managers.
It is thus not a “bonus” system that rewards merit, but a virtually automatic pay hike.
As City Manager Peter Wallace told the budget committee Tuesday, the city's bonus system is a failure of “Management 101”.
“We need to be looking not just at the positive (performances) but the negative (ones) as well,” he said.
Wallace promised a rigorous review of the bonus system but any changes will need the backing of council, which makes real change a long shot.
Too many councillors, who have been around City Hall far too long, have forgotten that their job is to deliver city services to taxpayers in the most efficient way at the best price.
Instead, they view City Hall as an employment agency for city employees.
The scary thing is that this bonus system is just one example of annual waste at City Hall that we know about, which raises concerns about all the waste going on that we don't know about.
Five Idaho inmates are blaming alcohol for the crimes that put them in prison and are suing some of the nation's top liquor and wine companies for $1 billion.
Keith Allen Brown, Steven Thompson, Woodrow Grant, Cory Baugh and Jeremy Brown all claim that alcohol led them to their crimes and they should have been warned of the beverages' addictive nature.
"If I was not an alcoholic, the shooting would never have happened," Jeremy Brown said in his affidavit. Brown, 34, is serving a 20- to 30-year sentence for a 2001 shooting that seriously injured a man.
The plaintiffs' crimes range from manslaughter to grand theft. They are currently serving time at Idaho's Kuna facility.
Their lawsuit, filed in Boise's U.S. District Court last month, targets eight defendants, including Anheuser-Busch, Coors, Miller Brewing and the owner of Jim Beam whiskey, American Brands. The inmates claim the companies are responsible for their crimes and should have put warning labels on their products.
"I have spent a great deal of that time in prison because of situations that have arisen because of people being drunk, or because of situations in which alcohol played a major role," Jeremy Brown said in his affidavit. "At no time in my life, prior to me becoming an alcoholic, was I ever informed that alcohol was habit forming and addictive."
Keith Brown is serving a 15-year prison sentence after shooting a man to death five years ago. Baugh and Thompson are both serving 3 to 7-years for grand theft and drug convictions. And Grant is serving up to 7-years for drug and aggravated battery convictions.
All five men share the same story about booze.
"I fear the day I am released from prison," Grant, 27, said in his affidavit. "I do not know if I can be a productive member of society and still control the desires and craving to use alcohol."
The inmates do not have an attorney, but Boise attorney Joe Filicetti told ABC News affiliate KIVI that alcohol addiction and it's side effects are pretty common knowledge.
"If you put these guys through depositions and you ask them 'What do you know about alcohol?' I think it's pretty common knowledge that it's addictive," Filicetti told KIVI. "It's well known to be addictive. It's well known to be something that causes you to reduce your inhibitions and to do things you otherwise wouldn't do."
The beer and wine companies have not responded to ABC News for comment.
President-elect Donald Trump has struck an agreement to save more than 1,000 factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indianapolis that were destined for Mexico.
But fighting the trend of U.S. companies moving to Mexico won't be easy.
More than 250,000 jobs will be lost due to plant closing announcements this year, according to Challenger, Gray and Christmas.
Saving the Carrier jobs is "only a drop in the bucket," said John Challenger, the firm's CEO.
In fact there are thousands of more jobs that will be lost from plant closings in Indiana alone in the coming months.
One plant that is still scheduled to move to Mexico is owned by United Technologies (UTX), the same parent company that owns Carrier. The electronic controls factory has 700 workers in Huntington, Indiana.
A bearing plant in Indianapolis owned by Rexnord is also planning to ship its jobs to Mexico. Union officials say about 350 jobs will be lost in that move.
"We cannot compete with a $3 an hour wage," said Chuck Jones, president of the Indianapolis unit of the United Steelworkers Union, which represents the workers at both Rexnord and Carrier. "I believe it's only going to get worse."
Related: China warns Trump - Good luck bringing jobs back to the U.S.
In tiny Sellersburg, Indiana, with population of about 6,000, a plant with 84 workers making food and beverage equipment is being shutdown by Manitowoc Foodservice (MFS). The company in August described the move as "right-sizing its global manufacturing capacity." That means it's shifting the work to its plants in Tijuana and Monterrey, Mexico.
In Bloomington, Indiana, a GE Appliance plant with 329 jobs, shutdown this summer when the company decided to stop making the model of refrigerators it had been building due to weak demand and ongoing losses. The shutdown announcement came about a week after a Chinese company, Qingdao Haier Co., completed a $5.6 billion purchase of the appliance unit from GE (GE).
A railroad car supplier in Gary, Indiana, Stanrail, which had just over 100 workers, is also in the process of shutting down. A company executive said the plant's work would be shifted to the companies' plants that have excess capacity in Ontario, Canada, and Mississippi.
Related: Trump's Carrier deal draws hugely divided reactions
Most of the plant closings are not tied to work being shifted outside the United States.
A Paoli furniture plant in Orleans, Indiana is due to shutdown starting in January costing 367 jobs. But a company official said that the work would be taken up by plants in New York, Iowa and North Carolina. A Seelyville plant where 150 workers make Cheez-It and Keebler snacks for Kellogg (K) is due to close next year, but the company said that work from that plant will be absorbed at other U.S. facilities.
Then there are companies that just fail and go out of business. CPX Inc. halted operations, closing two plastic molding plants in September without any advance notice to its 200 workers due to what it called "unforeseen economic circumstances." Evergreen Recreational Vehicles also had to close up its Middlebury, Indiana plant in June, laying off 270 workers, when it was unable to come up with financing needed to continue operations.
You are not signed in as a Premium user; we rely on Premium users to support our news reporting. Sign in or Sign up today!
HAMILTON, Ontario, Canada (ChurchMilitant.com) - The president of the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops (CCCB) is calling Canada's recent legalization of assisted suicide — called "mercy killing" — "a false act of mercy and a distortion of kindness."
In a statement published Monday on the CCCB website, Bp. Douglas Crosby, OMI, says the "Bishops of Canada hope and pray" that fellow Canadians may recognize each person's dignity regardless of "that person's state, level of comfort or degree of productivity and societal contribution."
Crosby, the ordinary of Hamilton, spoke on behalf of the CCCB condemning parliament's recent passage of Bill C-14, which legalized euthanasia and assisted suicide. The president of the CCCB railed against the new law.
"No institution, person, ideology or legislation is entitled to threaten or undermine the sacredness of both the dignity of each individual person and the very gift of life itself," he insisted. He referred to the passage of the bill as an "appalling landmark decision" testifying to an "utter failure of government."
Crosby called out the false compassion behind the bill. "Declaring physician-assisted suicide a 'right' is not true caring and not humane in the least. It is ultimately a false act of mercy, a distortion of kindness to our fellow man/woman."
The statement echoes words of Pope Francis, who earlier this month called assisted suicide "false mercy." The Holy Father told the Medical Association of Spain gathered in Rome, "True compassion does not marginalize, humiliate or exclude and doesn't celebrate the passing away of a patient. No, this is the triumph of selfishness of the 'culture of disposability' that rejects people who do not meet certain standards of health, beauty or utility."
Bishop Crosby noted the approved bill "has now enshrined in law that killing is a respectable way to end suffering" and suggests "that the lives of vulnerable, chronically ill and disabled persons are not worth living."
"True human compassion," he relates, "invites us to share the other's pain. ... [It] is not meant to do away with the person."
On behalf of his fellow bishops, His Excellency again confirms,
The intentional taking of any human life — be it an elderly person, a child, a vulnerable adult, an embryo, a dying person — is truly a grave and morally unjustifiable act. Our society needs to reject all offenses against life itself: murder, genocide, suicide, abortion, euthanasia and physician-assisted dying.
Have a news tip? Submit news to our tip line.
WOBURN — Two serious charges against a a former police officer, Evan Robitaille, have been dropped after it was discovered that he was involved in a hit-and-run accident while intoxicated, according to reports.
Officer Robitaille confessed to the facts surrounding the charges, but an agreement was reached to drop the charges and give him one year's probation.
During the probation, Robitaille will be given random screenings, and if he doesn't do anything illegal within his year of probation, the case against him will be completely dismissed.
Officer Robitaille was placed on paid leave after the drunk driving hit-and-run incident.
It began when police received reports that a man — later found to be Officer Robitaille — was drunk when he collided with a car on Interstate 495 in Tewksbury.
Rather than helping the victim with whom he drunkenly collided, Officer Robitaille instead fled the scene and drove to a nearby Dunkin' Donuts parking lot.
A witness who saw the accident reported it, and an employee in the Dunkin' Donuts parking lot also called 911 and stated that Officer Robitaille seemed drunk and had difficulty standing up.
Surveillance footage later surfaced showing Officer Robitaille in his SUV, exiting the interstate after the crash.
Police arrived at the Dunkin' Donuts parking lot and instead of arresting Robitaille for a drunken hit-and-run, they escorted him into the front seat of a patrol car and gave him a ride to a nearby McDonald's.
Then they arranged to have Officer Robitaille's SUV towed privately.
It was Lowell police Officer Dennis Moriarty who used his personal cell phone to help tow Officer Robitaille's SUV, and gave Officer Robitaille a ride to McDonald's in his front seat, instead of charging him with operating under the influence.
Officer Moriarty was disciplined for “misconduct” and given a reprimand.
It was only later that Officer Robitaille was indicted on charges — both of which have now been dropped with only one year of probation.
Watch the video below:
Jan 2, 2012; Orlando, FL, USA; A pair of Nebraska Cornhuskers helmets rest on the field prior to the start of the game against the South Carolina Gamecocks for the 2012 Capital One Bowl at the Citrus Bowl. Mandatory Credit: Douglas Jones-US PRESSWIRE
Before we dive head-first into the 2018 Nebraska football recruiting class (and we will), let's first review the 2017 bunch and grade it out properly.
First, let's have a look at where the recruiting services felt the Big Red finished nationally.
Rivals: 19th overall (No. 5 Big Ten; 1st in the West division)
Scout: 18th overall (No. 6 Big Ten; 2nd in the West division)
247Sports: 23rd overall (No. 5 Big Ten; 1st in the West division)
Average: 20th overall (No. 5 Big Ten; 1st in the West division)
A good place to start. Now let's break things down and talk about the positions themselves.
QUARTERBACK Tristan Gebbia, (1) A+ Gebbia is a prototypical quarterback for Nebraska football head coach Mike Riley and offensive coordinator Danny Langsdorf's offense. During his senior season, he played 15 games going 341-for-485 throwing for 5,338 yards and 61 touchdowns to 11 interceptions while completing 70 percent of his passes. Not bad. He also carried the ball 77 times for 293 yards and 10 touchdowns. He'll be fun to watch when it's his time to be The Man.
RUNNING BACK Jaylin Bradley, 1 B- Bradley likely would've had more offers if his academics were in order at the beginning of the cycle. Fortunately for the Nebraska football coaches, he busted his tail and the advisors at Bellevue West High School helped Bradley achieve the necessary scores to attend. As a senior, he ran for 2,915 yards on 324 attempts tallying 50 touchdowns for Class A champion Bellevue West. That's good for an average of 224 yards per game. It would've been ideal to sign another back in this class as it's questionable whether or not Bradley will be able to the best Devine Ozigbo, Mikale Wilbon or Tre Bryant. He should push them to become better at the very least.
FULLBACK Ben Miles, 1 A Yes, the lone fullback gets his own grouping which should make Run The Ball Guy® happy. Miles is everything that both Langsdorf and Husker fans want in a fullback. He's nasty, he blocks viciously and you can expect him to tote the rock for some hard-fought yardage. It doesn't hurt that Les Miles may put in a good word for the school down the line, either.
WIDE RECEIVER Tyjon Lindsey, Jaevon McQuitty and Keyshawn Johnson, Jr., 3 A+ Call Savage Professionalism or end your tweets with #W4L. The fact is that Nebraska wide receivers coach Keith Williams brought in one of the best hauls of wide receivers in recent history despite the defection of Jamire Calvin. Tyjon Lindsey may very well be an immediate contributor and Jaevon McQuitty has the talent to see playing time as well. Slot receiver Keyshawn Johnson, Jr. may require some time with the strength and conditioning coaches, but he'll be a prime target for whoever is throwing passes in 2018. Lindsey has an infectious motivational streak and he gushes positivity. He'll push all other receivers while McQuitty is a little more reserved, but he'll let his talent do the talking.
TIGHT ENDS Austin Allen, Kurt Rafdal, 2 B+ The twin towers, Allen checks in at 6-8, 210 pounds while Rafdal's only 6-7, 230. These gets might remind you Patriots fans of what Bill Belichick is fond of. He has tight ends on his roster that measure 6-6 (Gronkowski and Bennett) and 6-7 (Lengel). Imagine staring at these two in the red zone or trying to block them if they bunch to one side. It has to be a little extra sweet for Nebraska football fans that the Big Red stole Rafdal from Iowa, too.
OFFENSIVE LINEMEN Broc Bando, Brenden Jaimes, Matt Sichterman, Chris Walker, 4 B The Huskers get two in-state kids in Bando and Walker while dipping into Big Ten country for Sichterman and steal a Texas want in Jaimes. Overall, it's a solid class and offensive line coach Mike Cavanaugh described all of these guys as “smart” which is good because he likes his players to master multiple roles. It may take some time for these guys to get ready to contribute at the Power Five level whereas last year's crop should be ready to produce after only one year.
DEFENSIVE LINEMEN Guy Thomas, Damion Daniels, Deontre Thomas, Deiontae Watts, 4 B+ A big part of this grade is how defensive lineman coach John Parrella was able to keep everyone in the fold. There was a big worry that Guy Thomas would bolt, but when that National Letter of Intent came across the wire, he had to feel good. Thomas will make an excellent defensive end in defensive coordinator Bob Diaco's new 3-4 scheme. As for the two others, Thomas may slim down and take a defensive end role while Daniels or Watts may get early playing time as a nose guard in 2017.
LINEBACKERS Avery Roberts, Andrew Ward, Willie Hampton, 3 A- An early enrollee, there's an argument to be made about Avery Roberts being the best prospect in this class. He'll certainly have every opportunity to show Diaco that he can play an interior linebacker role in his 3-4 defense. It wouldn't be a shock to see him on the field this year, especially since he has the added benefit of going through spring practice. Andrew Ward and Willie Hampton both are likely redshirts, but they both have excellent frames and size. Diaco has shown that he likes his front seven to be big, so these guys may put on 15-20 pounds during their first year in the program.
DEFENSIVE BACKS Elijah Blades, 1 A+ The Huskers didn't exactly need a bevy of new secondary members, but they made their lone commitment count. Four-star cornerback Elijah Blades was committed to the Florida Gators for seven whole months before Nebraska swooped in and caused him to flip. I'm going to guess Donte Williams had a little something to do with that. If Blades is able to handle going up against Nebraska's older wide receivers, don't be shocked to see him on the field come kickoff.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 9, 2016, 8:24 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 9, 2016, 8:24 PM GMT By Kelly O'Donnell
Indiana Governor Mike Pence remains committed to continuing as the GOP vice presidential nominee after a chaotic weekend of fallout from Donald Trump's lewd comments about women. Pence has been hearing from friends and allies around the party and at this point, sources say, "there have been no discussions about dropping off the ticket."
Related: How to Watch Sunday's Presidential Debate
A raft of GOP congressional candidates and leaders have called for Trump to drop out of the presidential race and on Saturday Pence cancelled a high profile appearance in Wisconsin with House Speaker Paul Ryan. He released a statement saying he was “offended” by the comments from Trump, made public Friday, and said he “cannot defend them” But Pence also added, “we pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is in his heart” at Sunday night's debate.
Pence takes seriously his place in the Republican party and the process, apart from Trump's selection, that made him the vice presidential nominee with delegations from across the country voting for him at the GOP convention.
Sources who have spoken with the governor say he has made clear that he hopes to see genuine contrition from Donald Trump and is offering his prayers. Pence and Trump have been in touch by phone and Pence made his concerns known. There are said to be no expectations that Pence needs to attempt to defend Trump on this matter.
As a sign of loyalty to the campaign, Pence green-lighted a four day campaign schedule without getting clearance from Trump Tower. He is prepared to hit the trail on his own terms and talk about issues, ideas and represent his party. Friends in the party believe Pence can play an important role for the GOP and fellow Republicans who are in tough races made worse by the current crisis.
According to sources, Pence wants to give his running mate a clear lane today to prepare for tonght's debate at Washington University without any distraction or commentary coming from him. He is spending part of his Sunday watching football, attending the game between the Indianapolis Colts and Chicago Bears.
Free Unusual Options Activity Alerts
As a professional options trader for several years now, I've seen plenty of Unusual Options Activity (UOA). Many people refer to this sort of activity as indicative of “smart” money positioning into a stock. While this may be the case with some UOA, it's certainly not always the case. Over the years, I've developed an eye for what I call “sharp” money positioning. There's generally a few a day, but not always.
Sharing Smart Money Insight
While I post some of the activity that I find sharp on StockTwits, Twitter and to my live trading room, I wanted to find a way to get the information on the sharpest bets I've seen that day out to anyone interested in a timely and condensed manner.
I intend on building an app at some point, with push notifications, but I thought I'd give the service a trial run with a completely free alert service of the most noticeable options trades that I see. This free alert service is done via SMS and I promise to not spam you, sell your data or use it in any other way than disseminating the alerts and to only send around 3 messages per day.
How to Use These Alerts
Maybe you're bullish a stock and you see a large trade of some long-dated calls alerted; maybe it's time you took a look at entering it now if you haven't already. Really the main thing these alerts should do is to draw your eye to the stock whose options are being traded. Perhaps you watchlist the name and watch to see if it follows through on the option buyer's bet. Or you can pull up a chart of the stock and see if it's in the middle of a move you can take advantage of. There's no wrong way to use these alerts other than to follow them blindly as buy signals…they aren't.
A Note On These Alerts
I want to be clear that these alerts are NOT trading tips. While I will continue to post my entries on StockTwits, et. al., these alerts are NOT buy recommendations. Regardless, the trades I post to any outlet should never be blindly followed. You are responsible for how you use the information I provide you; any losses you incur following my trades or this data are none of my responsibility.
Ready To Sign Up?
Click here to get started now.
I don't re-sell data and the only fees are those of your phone carrier. I actually cover the fees for sending these out. Reply with ‘stop' to end your subscription to the service at any time.
Welcome to Week 18 (Monday 8/7 to Sunday 8/13). What a Relief!
There are a ton of good options on the wire this week for spot starts, and many of them were pitching in relief a minute ago. If you can't find any spotters this week you are in a really, really deep league. I have a few things to be relieved and thankful for this week myself. The maple tree in my front yard split in half during yesterday's early morning T-Storm in CT and crashed to the ground. Nothing but a couple of Begonias under the tree, a bent bird feeder, and my embattled mailbox were damaged. The tree fell away from the house and the tips of the branches just brushed the two cars in the driveway as well as the power wires right above where it fell. My arms hurt from an afternoon of chainsawing, but otherwise, we're ok. The groundhog officially moved out and even gave me back the key to the in-law apartment he'd been staying in. The pool warmed back up and I was in it yesterday for sure, and we have grown far more vegetables than we can eat, making my neighbors happy in the process. There is a lot to talk about so let's get to it.
I took special satisfaction from my Chad Kuhl pick last week. He made me look like a genius tossing seven shut out innings. It took special meaning when my opponent in a money league has been crying all week ever since. Yup, I not only wrote about Kuhl I picked him up for an important match where I am clinging to a playoff spot by a thread. A thread of yellow material it would seem. First, he cried when JA Happ tossed a gem, but the next day Chad Kuhl almost sent him into traffic. Sorry Mark, Thanks for an enjoyable matchup so far, whoever wins.
A couple of important injury notes:
Some bad news: David Price of Boston is not back yet, but may be soon after dealing with forearm stiffness, for the 2nd time this season. I packaged him with another player for Miggy in one league where I trust the bat more than the arm. We probably won't see Aaron Sanchez this coming week as he is still dealing with blisters. Robbie Ray is in concussion protocol with no exact timetable, Michael Fulmer hit the DL with Ulnar Neuritis, Lance McCullers (back) has no return timetable, Johnny Cueto has another blister to go along with his flexor strain, and Zack Wheeler's weakened humerus bone is, um, not so humorous. King Felix went back on the DL with a bout of tendinitis. As it gets closer to the end of the season watch out-of-contention teams, like most of the above to start shutting guys down. If you own them, start looking for plan B for your own stretch run. On the other hand, Washington is having injury and paternity issues with Max Scherzer, Steven Strasburg & Gio Gonzalez putting their whole rotation into flux this week. I'd stay clear of them in DFS.
Some returning arms are Adam Wainwright (back) could be back as soon as Today, Jake Odorizzi could be back Wednesday, Robert Gsellman gets a rehab start today, and Chad Bettis has one more rehab start putting him in line for a potential 8/13 start after rehabbing from cancer no less.
Innings limit season is upon us and may affect the following starters immediately: Jordan Montgomery, Dylan Bundy & Tyler Chatwood among others. Some staffs have gluts after call-ups, returnees and ineffective starters which could cost starts or even rotation spots for Nick Martinez, Doug Fister, CC Sabathia, Chris Tillman, Blake Snell (demoted) and Matt Cain.
WEEK EIGHTEEN: 8/7 to 8/13: Like the past few weeks, some all pitching schedules are subject to change, but as I said there is plenty to like this week.
If you play DFS, don't forget to look at my picks at the bottom of the article.
Spotters from the <50% owned crowd: (Jhoulys Chacin has finally graduated, now owned by over 70% of Fantrax Leagues.)
***TWO START PITCHER***Chad Kuhl, RHSP, PIT (4.6 owned ESPN, 34% Owned in Fantrax) vs DET, TUE 8/8 & @ TOR, SUN 8/13: Over the past few seasons you would not likely have seen a mediocre starting pitcher listed as having favorable matchups with the Tigers and Blue Jays. Things change. The Tigers are 29th in the MLB in wOBA (.292) against right handed starters on the road, better only than the Royals. They are short JD Martinez after his trade to Arizona and then traded Alex Avila who is enjoying a career year. They are also getting sub-par seasons from Miggy, Kinzler, V-Mart, Castellanos, and others, but they are still dangerous hitters along with Justin Upton. Kuhl will have to keep it on the ground. Toronto, also having more offensive problems than the past few years is 22nd in the MLB at .320 wOBA vs RHSP at home. As for Kuhl, he has been pitching pretty well lately, and is my poster boy for week 18 spot starts. In his last start, he shut out the Reds for seven innings getting a win on four hits, two walks, and six K's. In eight of his past ten starts, he has given up less than four runs, and more than four only three times this season, the last one in May. He may be able to get out of the dog house at home now.
***TWO START PITCHER***Brent Suter, LHSP, MIL (20% owned ESPN, 53% Owned in Fantrax) @ MIN, MON 8/7 & vs CIN, SAT 8/12: Suter had a nice jump in ownership during Week 17 and is up to 53% now which is still far too low. In five July starts, he was 2-1 with four of those being quality starts, a 1.50 ERA, 1.00 WHIP, & 25/5 K-BB in 30 IP. Last week I said “in next few weeks, both Garza and Anderson should be back from injury. If Suter ain't broke don't fix him. I can't see them putting him in AAA or the pen.” Anderson is the odd man out for now. Next week he'll take the mound Monday in Minnesota and then at home against the Reds on Saturday. The Twins have a wOBA of .335 vs lefties at home (7th), but have hit only .192 the past week abnd .216 the past two weeks. The Reds, coming in at .297 wOBA vs Lefties away from home (21st) should be a little easier.
***TWO START PITCHER***Trevor Cahill, RHSP, KC (20.5% owned in ESPN, 66% owned Fantrax) vs STL, TUE 8-8 & @ CWS, SUN 8/13: Trevor Cahill has been knocked around a bit in his last few starts, but he is a quality MLB starter with a track record of generating strikeouts and decent ratios but for losing teams. Cahill still gets a lot of K's, and has a strong 25.3% K-rate on the season. He also sports a good 55.4% groundball rate. Cahill's 3.39 FIP shows he's actually been pitching better than his current ERA would suggest. He may miss the easier NL lineups now that he is in KC, but is worth a look this week. His first start is in KC, a good pitching park, against a mediocre Cardinals lineup that ranks 14th in wOBA versus righties at .321. Cahill then gets to face one of the worst lineups in the league, the White Sox, whose .304 wOBA against right-handers ranks them second-to-last in all baseball. Both lineups he is facing are missing key components after the Sox traded Frazier & Melky while Avisail Garcia is on the shelf. All you need to know about STL is that their cleanup hitter most nights is Jed Gyorko.
***TWO START PITCHER***JC Ramirez, RHSP, LAA (21% owned in ESPN, 53% owned Fantrax) vs BAL, MON 8/7 & @ SEA, SAT 8/12: Ramirez has been awesome for the past month. He's put together a 1.93 ERA in 32 2/3 innings pitched in July/August.
He faces the Orioles in LA for his first start, and the Orioles struggle away from their hitter-friendly park, sporting just a .309 team wOBA on the road this season. Ramirez also faces the Mariners in Week 18, who are about league-average with their .321 wOBA versus righties. I wish I saw these matchups earlier as he is now owned in all my leagues. He is RP Primary in most leagues, adding even more value, and flexibility in leagues with roster limits.
Not for the faint of heart. Pitchers from the abyss:
Lucas Sims, RHSP, ATL (7.7% owned ESPN & 31% owned Fantrax) @ STL, SUN, 8/13: Sims was a 1st round pick in 2012 right out of High School at the age of 18. He had no trouble racking up over a K per IP in the minors, doing it all but one of six seasons, but he had control problems until 2017, walking between four and six BB/9. In 2017 he finally got that down under 3.0 walks per 9.0 IP earning the Big League promotion at age 24. In his first MLB start, he gave up no walks but took a loss in a quality start giving up three runs in 6.1 IP, with six hits and three K's. This week he faces the Cardinals in STL where they hit righties at a .329 wOBA, good for 12th in the MLB. As I said before, the next nine wOBA are not far below that. His fiancee likes the digs in the Bigs much better than in the minors so the pressure is on. The dog looks happy too.
Parker Bridwell, RHSP, LAA (6.5% owned in ESPN, 39% owned Fantrax) @ SEA, THU 8/10: During most of his minor league career, he walked far too many, averaging about 5 BB/9 until AA ball in 2015. Since then he has trimmed that to an MLB ready 2.2 BB/9. His K rates are still trying to catch up with his lofty minor league K rates, and will likely come back as his command improves.
Bridwell had gone 5-1 with a 2.83 ERA and 1.185 WHIP as a starter for the Angels until a bit of a blip in his most recent start against Philly giving up four ER on six hits and three walks against only four K's. Five of his last seven starts have ended in a QS for Parker. The one wart on his 2017 resume so far has been a propensity to give up HR's, something he seldom did in the minors, and he gave up another in this last start. Again, I believe as his command improves, so will his ratios. On Thursday he gets to face the Mariners in Seattle. The Mariners have a wOBA at home vs righties of .330, which is 12th, but not much more than the 8 or 9 teams behind them. In that pic, he looks strangely like Stephen Strasburg. Hopefully, he pitches more like the healthy version.
DFS PLAYERS: You may want to re-think starting him:
Chris Sale, LHSP, BOS @ NYY, SUN, 8/13: The Yanks are 8th in wOBA at home vs LHP at .334. No thanks.
Yu Darvish, RHSP, TX @ ARI, THU, 8/10: The Snakes are 1st in the MLB at a .363 wOBA home vs RHSP. Stay away.
DFS CONTRARIAN MOVE: Scary Contrary, Don't let your kids try this at home:
A.J. Happ, LHSP, TOR vs NYY, TUE 8/8: Are you a gambler? Then Don't push your luck unless you can handle the stress. The Yanks are 25th in the MLB in wOBA on the road vs Lefties and Happ is a soft tosser. Wow your league mates.
DFS PLAYERS: Match-ups of the week:
Corey Kluber, RHSP, CLE vs COL, TUE, 8/7: The Rockies are 27th in the MLB in wOBA on the road vs righties at a woeful .296.
James Paxton, LHSP vs LAA THU 8/10: The Angels are 23rd in the MLB in wOBA vs LHP away at only .296.
What to expect in 2017: (If you read this part in last week's article, skip the next few paragraphs.
Criteria Used: Platoon splits, LH/RH, Day/Night, Month, Half, stadium splits, team batting against splits, metrics like GB/FB rate, K & BB rates, Babip, wOBA, FIP, Trends, etc. Sources are Fan Graphs, Baseball Reference, Fantrax, ESPN and more.
Pitchers from the under 50% ownership group – I'll list three or four pitchers, less than 50% owned who I believe are primed for a good start the following week, or better yet two good starts. I'll list two or so pitchers that are less than 20% owned and look like a good choice based on the above criterion.
DFS Suggestions – I'll pick out a few aces to avoid in DFS and a couple who should be in your lineup, especially if I see a great contrarian start.
My crusade for 2017/2018: Pitchers and other players seem to be getting injured so fast that most leagues don't have enough DL spots to accommodate them all. Roster limits force tough decisions which are a good thing for competitive league balance and showcasing owner skills, but this season's overcrowded Disabled-Lists have proven to test traditional capacity at times. I think it is a combination of pitchers being more injury prone, but also the abundant use of the new in 2016 7 day concussion DL, and the new in 2017 10 day DL rule that has MLB teams easing their own roster limitations at the expense of our fantasy limitations and resources. In light of the 7 day & 10 day DL rules, I recommend any owners who have 2 to 4 DL spots to petition the League Manager to increase the number of DL spots to whatever is appropriate for that format. Most good LM's won't change rules or settings once the season starts, and rightly so, but at least it will be in place for 2018. Don't feel victimized by the new rule. Adjust to it.
Thanks for reading and good luck in week Eighteen, especially with your pitching. If you have a question about these or any other SP match-ups next week don't hesitate to leave a message in the comments, write me, or check out my “Pick Your Spots” thread every Sunday on the /r/fantasybaseball Sub-Reddit where I'll talk starting pitching all day.
joseph.iannone021@gmail.com @JoeIannone2 Twitter
Share this: Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Pocket
Telegram
Pinterest
Print
Skype
WhatsApp
Paul Ryan's home state, Wisconsin, could lose billions of dollars if Ryan gets into the White House and Republicans take control of Congress.
That was illustrated this week when the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced that Wisconsin will receive more than $800 million federal dollars to promote conservation and endangered species preservation. It is part of $33 billion in grants to 21 states, announced Aug. 14, to support conservation planning and acquisition of vital habitat for threatened and endangered fish, wildlife, and plants.
Ryan's budget would slash all so-called discretionary spending, including such environmental funding as well as education, health, transportation infrastructure, and public safety programs.
Wisconsin received $61.3 billion in federal funds in federal fiscal year 09 (Oct. 1, 2008, to Sept. 30, 2009), according to the state's Wisconsin Federal Funds website. “This amounts to $10,837 per person,” the state website says.
“Wisconsin's share of federal funding grew at a rate well ahead of the national average,” the state boasts.
Wisconsin – also famous for its anti-“big government” governor, Scott Walker – has benefited greatly from federal spending.
The state website notes, “The federal government purchases millions of dollars in goods and services from Wisconsin businesses every year.”
In fiscal year 2009, federal procurement spending in Wisconsin “increased significantly, as Wisconsin businesses received 112 percent more dollars in 2009 than the previous year,” the state gloats. “This is impressive, as federal spending for procurement nationwide increased 29.5 percent. In total, the federal government spent $9.5 billion on goods and services in Wisconsin.”
Wisconsin also realized “a dramatic increase” in federal grant dollars, receiving $19.2 billion in fiscal year 09, compared to $8.4 billion in the previous year – a 123 percent increase.
Under President Obama's 2009 stimulus measure, the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, Wisconsin received more than $1.6 billion in K-12 and higher education funding. It received $734 million for transportation and infrastructure, $219 million for energy, $172 million for environmental programs, $92 million for health care, $73 million for workforce programs, $67 million for housing and economic development, and $25 million for public safety.
Ryan opposed the stimulus. “Temporary stimulus does not work,” he said at the time on CNBC. “It does not give businesses confidence to invest in jobs and capital for the future. It's just sort of sugar-high economics.”
However the state estimates that over 70,000 jobs have been created or retained in Wisconsin by the federal stimulus money.
After slamming the stimulus as a “wasteful spending spree,” Ryan himself wound up begging for stimulus grant money for two Wisconsin energy companies, saying it would help his state create thousands of new jobs, save energy, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Ryan, in another flip-flopper action, favored using federal money to bail out banks. Explaining his 2009 vote for the federal Troubled Asset Relief Program to bail out the financial industry, Ryan said that though it violated his principles, it was necessary to prevent a banking crisis that would hurt his hometown, Janesville, Wis., NPR reports.
“Why does that matter to us? Why does that matter to Janesville, Wis.?” Ryan asked at the time. “If it goes the way it could go, that means credit shuts down, businesses can't get money to pay their payroll to pay their employees, students can't get student loans for next semester, people can't get car loans, seniors may not have access to their savings.”
Ryan's family fortune was made with the help of federal funds.
His budget plan, however, would badly hurt his own congressional district, which has received hundreds of millions of dollars in “discretionary” federal funds.
Ryan's district encompasses Walworth, Kenosha, and Racine Counties, and also extends north to include communities in southern Waukesha and Milwaukee Counties. As of March 31, 2012, state agencies in Kenosha County, with a 10.3 percent unemployment rate – one of the highest in Wisconsin – received $129 million in federal stimulus funds for things like education, roads and bridges, dislocated worker programs, vaccines for children, and programs for infants and toddlers with disabilities. Racine County received close to $94 million for similar purposes. Walworth received $39 million. Waukesha and Milwaukee Counties overall received more than $650 million.
Every county in Wisconsin relies on the same types of federal funding. The cost of putting this Wisconsin congressman in the White House could be punishing for the Badger State. And Wisconsin is just one example of the harsh impact Ryan's budget could have in every state in the U.S.
Photo: Wikimedia Commons
I encountered Plato the first time when I was eleven or twelve and picked up a book that was lying around the house, Will Durant's The Story of Philosophy. I think my mother got it from Book-of-The-Month Club. The only chapter I remember was the one called "Plato." Most of it was incomprehensible to me. I remember Durant using the word "phantasmagoria," and I couldn't even find it in my pocket dictionary. But the little glimmer that came through got me so worked up that, at a certain point, I had to lay the book down and raid the refrigerator, because my mind was racing so fast. There was something about Plato's vision of Beauty, Truth, and Goodness lying beyond all the confusion. Confusion was one of my most common experiences. After all, I'd spent all of my life up to that point as a child.
So it's strange that I had to publish nine books before it dawned on me to tackle Plato. Or perhaps it's not so strange. Plato's gotten his share of attention in the 2,400 years since he lived. His student Aristotle got straight to work analyzing Plato's ideas with the aim of discrediting them: what else are graduate students for? So do we really need another book about Plato? That was the bad writer's voice that I heard in my head, the one that's always eagerly on hand to offer discouragement. What I tried to tell blasted BWV was that I intended to write about Plato in a way that hadn't been tried yet, in a way that would do justice to my belief that he and the field that he had almost singlehandedly created, philosophy, are still relevant even in this world of blogs and neuroimaging, smart phones and quantum mechanics.
In fact, I wanted to use Plato to argue something even more paradoxical, which is that philosophy makes progress. I wanted to use Plato both to show his relevance but also to show how far we've come since him, not only scientifically but also philosophically, and in ways that make a palpable difference to our lives, both morally and politically. For example, were Plato to come back he would be shocked by our ever-expanding notion of human rights, a battle we're still much in the throes of fighting. The idea of individual rights never occurred to him or to any ancient Greek. It's such a cliché that philosophy, unlike science, makes no progress. But cliché or not, it's wrong.
But there was also a more personal piece to my desire to write this book, as there always has been a personal piece if there's any hope at all of silencing BWV. I wanted to get closer to Plato. He's so maddeningly remote and not just because he lived 2,400 years ago. I'd be willing to wager that he kept himself remote from his contemporaries as well, even from those the most intimate with him. I pity any who were in love with him. But in any case, his writings intensify the sense of his remoteness. He didn't give us his ideas in treatises or essays, but rather in dialogues, almost all of which feature the character of Socrates, the real-life model of which was already dead when Plato put his ink-dipped kalamos to papyrus. His dialogues allow us to draw a little bit closer to many of his contemporaries, most especially to Socrates, while Plato holds himself aloof. That's tantalizing, isn't it? Some readers make the mistake of interpreting the character of Socrates, who usually gets the most lines, as a mere sock puppet for Plato, but that's as naïve as interpreting Plato as a mere note-taker for Socrates.
We know precious little about Plato as a man, but this I think we do know: Plato had loved Socrates, the eccentric who used to wander the agora in a not terribly clean chiton and pester people with his peculiar questions concerning the life worth living, which pestering activity he called epimeleia heautou, or care of the self. Plato only decided to take up philosophy after the Athenian democracy executed Socrates, having found him guilty of the charges of impiety and corrupting the young. And because Plato had loved Socrates, part of Plato's reasons for choosing the dialogue form was perhaps to keep Socrates close to him, even if he had to reinvent him as a character in order to do so. Perhaps that was the personal piece for Plato. Plato wrote in a form that allowed him to continue to hear in his mind's ear the beloved voice. It allowed him to take Socrates forward into his own development as a philosopher of genius by including Socrates so centrally in its exposition.
I was trained as a professional philosopher, but I've long moonlighted as a novelist. And one of the essential techniques of being a novelist is imagining characters so vividly that you can hear their voices. It's not like taking dictation, at least not for me, though I know at least one novelist who describes it that way for (lucky) her. For me, it's halfway between taking dictation and totally making up words to put into their mouths. As a novelist, you know the kinds of things your characters would say, the kinds of things they wouldn't, their diction, turns of phrase, ellipses. You can even interpret their silences, knowing their implications (while the silences of real people drive you crazy with their indecipherability.) And though they maintain their distinctness from you, the author, there's nobody with whom you're on more intimate terms than your characters. Part of the desolation of finishing the writing of a novel, at least for me, is letting go of that intimacy. I'm never lonely when, as a result of the space of possibilities I provide for them, I can hear their voices.
And so when it came to trying to draw closer to Plato I decided to use the same literary form that Plato himself had long ago devised. I decided to write dialogues in which I could hear Plato speaking to us about issues that still concern and vex us. The conceit is that Plato is on a book tour. His first stop is the headquarters of Google, the Googleplex, in Mountain View CA, where he gives a talk at Authors@Google. But first he gets into a dialogue with a software engineer over whether ethics can be crowd-sourced, and he also gets himself a Chromebook so that he can be brought up to speed on what's going on around him. Needless to say, he's a quick study (and he simply loves the internet). I have him on a cable news show, something like The O'Reilly Factor (I call it The Real McCoy), where he talks about problems with American democracy, some of which are flamboyantly displayed on The Real McCoy. I have him at the 92nd Street Y in Manhattan, on a panel of child-rearing experts--one a Tiger Mom and the other a psychoanalyst--discussing how to raise an exceptional child. He gets a brain scan and discusses with two neuroscientists whether neuroscience has answered the question of free will once and for all and in the negative. He helps an advice columnist answer readers' questions about love and sex. Example: I'm a grad student in a job-drained humanities field and my professor has offered to be my "professor with benefits." If I sleep with him, he helps me professionally. Believe it or not, Plato addresses an analogous question in one of his dialogues, the Phaedrus. Whenever I can I weave passages from his own dialogues into our contemporary dialogues. But I also do that thing halfway between taking dictation and putting words into his mouth. And to do that I had to recreate him as a character, the way he had recreated Socrates.
And what is he like, my Plato, besides being constantly edified by the moral truths we now take for granted but which had to be philosophically argued for and politically fought for in the interim since he thought? (What, no slaves?) He's earnest and yet playful; respectful of others' views and yet persistent in his probing of them; no stranger to sadness but still full of hope and insatiable curiosity. Those are characteristics that I think can be gleaned from Plato's own writings (along with some less desirable ones). But more importantly, I think they're the characteristics that belong to the field that he created, at least at its best.
And yes it was wonderful for me to have a recreated Plato whose words I could hear running through me. In fact, when I'd finished the book I felt so destitute that I couldn't quite bring myself to let him go, and so ever since have been tweeting as him @platobooktour. Plato, it turns out, loves tweeting.
Trump gets blasted at anti-nuclear war protest
BY LINCOLN ANDERSON | Concerned about Donald Trump's saber rattling, former East Village activist John Penley co-organized a “Homes Not Bombs” no-nukes protest in downtown Washington, D.C., over four days around the inauguration. Leading the effort at Franklin Square park with Penley was Bruce Wright, a Florida-based activist and minister.
Speakers at their event ranged from Jill Stein, the Green Party presidential candidate, to powerful Standing Rock leader Joann Mae Spotted Bear, plus there was a full slate of rock bands and performers.
The main reported incidents of property damage during the inauguration — a torched limo and some broken windows of multinational businesses, like Starbucks — happened right near Penley's protest. However, he and Wright had stressed their event was peaceful. They had even switched their location from another park just so they wouldn't be near DisruptJ20, a group of hardcore anarchists who had vowed to cause mayhem during the presidential festivities.
“It was right across the street from us,” Penley said of the vandalism. “The police had been firing tear gas canisters and concussion grenades for about two hours. It was loud! I saw one guy whose leg was messed up by a concussion grenade. The police would use that to back people up and then move up the barriers. People had started it by throwing bricks at the police a few blocks away.”
An underreported story, he said, is that about 250 protesters and others were arrested, and every single one of them was charged with felony riot.
“A lot of them are still being held,” he said. “Some people have bail set, but they can't pay it to get out. In New York, they use ‘disorderly conduct' when they arrest people. ‘Felony riot' is a big difference — it carries 10 years in prison. Anybody and everybody they arrested — even photographers — was getting ‘felony riot.' ”
Over all, though, Penley didn't mention any instances of serious police abuse. One man in Franklin Square, however, who had come from Standing Rock stripped off his clothes to reveal “F— Trump” magic-marked on his butt cheeks. He paraded around for a while, then just plunked down on the grass. Penley, a former New York tabloid photojournalist, documented him and everything else going on over the four days.
“They didn't arrest him,” he noted of the nude Trump naysayer. “They pepper-sprayed him later. They pepper-sprayed his whole body. I think they just got tired of him. People had to wash him off.”
Also at the Franklin Square confab was Vermin Supreme, a performance artist and activist who wears a black rubber rain boot as a hat and has run for president four times.
“We inaugurated Vermin as president of our camp,” Penley said.
Along the narrow alleys of Tripoli's most impoverished neighborhood is a shop where locals find second-hand clothes imported from Europe. The shop is organized with rows of shirts on one side and stacks of pants in between the aisles. But while the store is meticulously organized, especially for this part of town, where trash is often scattered nonchalantly across the ground, it is also pitch dark, as the lights hanging from the shop's ceiling aren't switched on.
“I haven't had power in three days,” says Abu Bakr Halfawi, the shop owner in Tripoli's Bab al-Tabbaneh neighborhood, as he points to the twisted and mangled power lines hanging near the roofline. “The government hasn't done anything to help me either.”
Halfawi has resorted to using a generator for power, though he cannot afford to run it for all hours of the blackout. Generators are technically illegal in Lebanon, but their use has become so widespread in a country plagued by frequent and unpredictable power cuts that a couple years ago the government threw up its hands and began regulating the cost of them. Those who cannot afford generators make do with candlelight.
Lebanon has an outdated and aging infrastructure that hasn't been updated since before the end of a brutal and vicious civil war that lasted from 1975 to 1990. The infrastructure situation worsened in July 2006 when Israel and Hezbollah, a Lebanese political party with an armed wing, fought a month-long war that cost the government over $110 million in damages.
Today, in Beirut, the capital, power cuts last three hours each day and are on a rotating, four-day schedule. With the harsh summer heat comes increased usage of air conditioning, causing a strain on the electrical grid and forcing even more power cuts. Beirut, however, has it better than the rest of the country, where residents can go 18 hours a day without state-provided power.
Samir Daher, the financial advisor to caretaker Prime Minister Najib Mikati, said that the electrical problem in Lebanon could be solved within a year and a half, but political infighting between divided parties has kept that from happening.
Gibran Bassil, Lebanon's Energy and Water Minister, has promised that Lebanon will have 24-hour electricity by 2015 and has cut deals with Turkish power-generating boats, one of which was in Beirut's port earlier this year and another of which is currently docked near the southern city of Sidon, to provide more electricity to the country. The plan, however, which was supposed to launch in 2011, started late, and it is widely expected that whoever follows Bassil into the minister position will scrap the initiative and design a new strategy from scratch. And reports from local media say that the Turkish ships will simply prevent further power outages as opposed to providing more hours of electricity than before.
Even if Bassil's strategy were to be implemented, there is still the issue of generator operators who make large sums of money off the state's absence. Gilbert is one of these operators. An affable man in his thirties, he lives just outside Beirut where he sells power from generators. A little while back though, Gilbert had a problem.
“There was a glitch once in my neighborhood and for some reason we were getting 24 hours of state-sponsored electricity,” he says. Unwilling to change his lifestyle of sleeping until noon, Gilbert decided to take some initiative.
“I went to someone at the electric company and bribed him to give us power cuts,” he said, cackling hysterically. “That's how I make my money.”
Much of the country lives on generators these days, especially outside of Beirut. In Tripoli's Bab al-Tabbaneh, 76 percent of residents make less than $500 a month, according to a report released by the UN in February. An average of around $75 of that goes to paying for generator costs.
“We only pay for the generator because we steal electricity,” said Mohammad, a resident of Bab al-Tabbaneh who preferred his last name not be used. He added that he believed the fixed cost of electricity was around $12 a month for the area.
The city's sketchy electrical system is a drag on its economy. Photo credit: Joe Nazarian via Flickr
Still, living on a generator can be difficult. Mohammad said they can only run one AC unit at home at a time because the generator can handle a maximum of five amperes.
To avoid overloading their electric grid, residents have to run little self-created tests, like checking to see if the street lights are on so they'll know if they're using state electricity or power from the generator. There's now also an app for that – Beirut Electricity Cut Off can be downloaded on Apple or Android operating systems and configured to show the scheduled blackouts both inside and outside of Beirut, though unscheduled blackouts aren't listed.
To confront the electricity issues plaguing the country, experts and ministries have worked together to either recommend or, in some rare cases, actually implement solutions.
Georges Sassine, a member of GE Energy's global strategy team and a former employee with the Lebanese Ministry of Energy and Water, recommends the private sector take over the state-run electric company since they only provide 85 percent of the country's needed power, with an additional 10 percent coming from neighboring Syria.
“The electricity sector reform should adopt the private sector participation which has proven to improve access to public infrastructure services, price and quality,” Sassine wrote in a recent blog post. “The sector needs to be restructured toward a ‘middle ground' deregulated environment where the regulator controls multiple generators and distributors with one single buyer. This ‘middle ground' deregulated environment will be an interim step towards an ‘all level competition' privatization form if seen appropriate later on.”
Privatization is made difficult by widespread corruption on the political level in Lebanon, but many experts like Sassine continue to fight for it. Others have begun investing in solar power.
Lebanon experiences sunny days for the majority of the year as rainy weather rarely appears outside of the winter months. This energy is already being utilized in parts of the country, including on street lamps. Absurdly, street lamps will often be seen switched on during the light of day, but cut off at night due to power cuts. In east Lebanon, however, the Transportation Ministry has set up 766 solar-powered streetlights over a stretch of 10 kilometers that automatically turn on when night sets in or the skies get cloudy. There have also been cases of farms in the same area using solar power to sustain themselves in an area where the electricity seems to be out more often than not.
But despite these clever initiatives, solar power isn't yet used on a widespread scale. On the solar issue, Jihan Seoud of the Environment and Energy program at the UN Development Programme in Beirut told IRIN News, “The government is looking to reform the electricity sector, but mostly on the supply side. We are working with government entities to reduce load on the demand side. Reducing demand means the government can spend less on electricity generation.”
Thanks to the democratically elected player government, says CCP in a new Gamasutra feature , the development of its MMOhas taken significant turns, guided by the players.John Turbefield, of CCP Research and Statistics, told Gamasutra that he can "point to things such as the skill queue and the removal of the learning skills as examples of things that were greatly affected by input from the CSM."The CSM is elected by the player base and travels to CCP's Reykjavik, Iceland headquarters twice a year to help the team guide the game's development.The company recently called an emergency meeting of the CSM to discuss controversies surrounding newly-added microtransactions."They are a key reason for the increased priority given to lag-fixing efforts and for our move towards a more 'staggered' release cycle where we release expansions toin parts rather than all at once," continued Turbefield.CSM5 member Robert Woodhead told Gamasutra that the body often has to balance the needs of the existing high-level player base with the desire to draw more players into the notoriously complex MMO. The CSM often wants the team to fix issues that plague longtime players."We know that there has to be a balance, but we think there's a lot of benefit to be had by going back and looking at things like low sec or factional warfare, and using the experience that has been gained over the last couple of years and saying, 'Okay, let's do a version 2.0 on this.' The difficult part is figuring which of these issues is the one we think CCP should do first and then actually convincing CCP to do it," said Woodhead.The full feature examines the function of the CSM and possibilities for its future -- and is live now on Gamasutra
Private enterprises are sometimes really efficient. They have an army of business heads sticking out of Windsor neckties and thinking about the best way to run everything. But sometimes this leads to results that might surprise laymen like me:
Don't worry, I counted them for you. It's 34 little POS machines. Feeling curious? So was I when I came to a local Croatian auto insurance branch. I wanted to buy a insurance with the marvel of the 21st century—the plastic card.
“Do you have a debit or credit card?” the lady asked.
“Debit.”
“Which card company?” was the second question.
“MasterCard.”
“Which bank issued the card?” the insurance lady was persistent.
“Raiffeisen Bank.”
My baffled eyes followed her as she walked to the POS orgy desk.
“Wow. You have so many machines?!” I asked.
“Yes,” she replied, “every bank and every credit card company sends us different ones. I will use the Raiffeisen Bank POS with the MasterCard debit logo, so we don't get overcharged for processing.”
Holy s#*t! I knew that somewhere smart card inventors were turning in their graves. The whole reason for having a smart card standard is to provide a generic means of payment. Meaning you can use any card at any vendor. All cards have the same shit inside, and all POS machines promise to treat that shit equally, as defined in ISO/IEC 7816. But the tech utopia—one POS to rule them all—failed at some point.
The reason is business politics. Any POS can still process any card, but the software charges a higher commission for “evil” cards. Evil cards are, of course, all cards not issued by the institution owning the POS device. Let's call that POS racism. Now, you can probably see that POS racism is bad for shops (increases cost and complexity) and for consumers (price of inefficiency in the end translates into a higher cost of goods). But is it good for the banks and credit card companies who charge the commission? I argue that POS racism is also bad for them. Because none of them owes the majority of customers, there are more cases in which your cardholder buys something at a shop that already has another company's POS than cases in which your cardholder buys at a shop that has your POS. In addition, the idea that transaction processing in the internal network is free is wrong—the internal infrastructure also has a significant cost. Since banks and credit card companies sell exactly the same thing (bought from third parties), they don't have a competitive advantage. They could lower their transaction costs if they would just outsource to the infrastructure provider, who could then maintain only one POS per shop. In this case it would be 34 times cheaper.
What is the reason behind this irrational behaviour? It's easy to pick on business heads. Tight windsor neckties deprive them of oxygen, hahaha. But I think more general rule is in action. Daniel Kahneman gave an example of a Harvard economics professor who was a vine collector. He would only buy bottles priced below $35. But as soon as he owned a bottle, he wouldn't sell it for a less than $100. The act of owning something makes it psychologically more valuable, which is called the endowment effect. Or as George Carlin said, their stuff is shit and your shit is stuff. In the POS case, you perceive your own network as more valuable than competitor's network. You charge competitors for using your great network, but you don't want to pay the same fee for using their shitty network.
This situation happens quite often in businesses. Here is an example of ATM orgy in Thailand:
The Russians like it hard-core, here are 13 ATMs in Omsk. Each one with a separate servicing company, a separate filing schedule, and separate mechanical failures. You don't need to think of efficiency when you can charge large credit card fees.
One would think that the United States, as an old capitalist country, would not suffer from the examples like this. Highly competitive markets should punish inefficient companies. But the most interesting example comes from just around the corner from Wall Street. Did you know that at the beginning of 20th century there were three independent subway companies in New York? They were called IRT, BMT and IND (click image for larger version):
They not only directly competed for passengers on some routes, but also had incompatibile systems. BMT/IND trains couldn't fit into an IRT tunnel, because they were wider and longer. IRT trains could fit into a BMT/IND tunnel, but since they were narrower, the distance from the train to the platform was unsafe. As with the POS and ATM examples, customers were charged fees when switching from one company to another. New York City realized that this situation wasn't good and in June of 1940 bought BMT and IRT (IND was already owned by the city). They started the unification project which included closing more than five redundant lines, as well as overhaul of IRT trains, and introducing free transfer points. Here is the picture of IRT Second Avenue Line, being demolished shortly after the unification:
In this case market failed to reach the optimal point and the local government stepped in an attempt to make it better.
Don't get me wrong, I believe that capitalism works better than communism (I lived in both). After all, I have two companies. But I also believe in the following advice:
Do what you do best and outsource the rest.
What bothers me with above examples is that companies start putting large efforts in activities that don't add value to customers. Making trains incompatible doesn't improve a daily commute. Having 34 POS machines makes process of charging slower. But both add a significant infrastructure cost.
As I was giving my credit card to the lady in the insurance office, I was shaking my head. In the end my money pays for craziness of this system, and I don't like it. If you feel the same, share the article.
UPDATE: I have edited the last bit to clarify my opinion, as many people on Hacker News presumed I am advocating against capitalism. Again, I am not.
Case History
The McArthur family own and run Ashers bakery. They were pursued through the courts by the taxpayer-funded Equality Commission for Northern Ireland when they turned down an order for a same-sex marriage camapign cake because it conflicted with their Christian belief that marriage is between a man and a woman.
On 10 October 2018 Ashers Baking Co won its case at the Supreme Court.
In May 2018 the UK Supreme Court heard Ashers Baking Company's case. The family-run bakery was appealing against a ruling which said it broke the law by declining to decorate a cake with a pro-gay marriage campaign slogan.
The ruling, handed down on 10 October 2018, saw the judges unanimously vindicate the bakery.
The protracted and costly legal action was brought by the taxpayer-funded Equality Commission for Northern Ireland (ECNI).
Initially, in May 2015, District Judge Brownlie ruled that Ashers Baking Company broke sexual orientation and political discrimination laws. The family appealed.
At the Court of Appeal hearing in October 2016 judges recognised the fact that the family did not refuse the service because Mr Lee was gay, but nonetheless ruled that refusing the order because of its slogan “was direct discrimination”.
The case, which demonstrated the need for the law to reasonably accommodate family-run businesses with firmly-held beliefs, has been backed throughout by The Christian Institute's Legal Defence Fund.
If you are a Christian and you are taking a stand for religious freedom, it's The Christian Institute you want standing with you. Daniel McArthur
Supreme Court Judgment: 10 October
NetherRealm Studios, along with their fearless leader Ed Boon, have emerged as one of the premier fighting game developers with the long-running, ultra-popular Mortal Kombat series, as well as the recently released sequel to Injustice: Gods Among Us, pitting various DC Comics superheroes/villains against one another. Boon is one of the original creators of Mortal Kombat and has an established track record of producing solid games.
While I have never been a fighting game connoisseur, I have always had a special place in my heart for the Mortal Kombat series. I have many fond memories of playing the first two games on Sega Genesis, spending quality time with my brother and our friends trying everything we could to execute every single fatality and beat the game with every character. Over time though, I fell out of love with the fighting genre. It was one of those “it's not you, it's me” kind of partings. My departure began in 2008 with Street Fighter IV, and then the reboot of Mortal Kombat in 2011 was my own personal nail in the coffin. To me, fighting games just are not the same unless I am in a room full of friends binging on Pepsi and Pizza Hut.
The last fighting game that really sucked me in was Mortal Kombat: Deception in 2004, the follow-up to the first fully 3D Mortal Kombat game, MK: Deadly Alliance. I have probably put more time into Deception than every other Mortal Kombat game combined, without even the slightest hyperbole.
However, the reason for this fascination was not because of the fighting mechanics. Neither was it the iconic characters, the inclusion of “Chess Kombat,” or even the Puzzle Fighter rip-off “Puzzle Kombat.” Despite the fighting being decent, that was not what kept me going. The thing that really sucked me in was “Konquest.” Konquest mode was established in MK: Deadly Alliance, though at the time it was nothing more than a series of challenges for each character to help you learn their combos and special moves. Mortal Kombat: Deception took the idea of Konquest and expanded it to the umpteenth degree.
One of the new characters added to Deception was a warrior named Shujinko. If you just jumped right into the fighting portion of the game, you would see that Shujinko is a man well advanced in age. Konquest mode on the other hand uses Shujinko as its main character, and chronicles his life from a young boy all the way up to the beginning of the Deception story in an action RPG/fighting hybrid, completely separated from the arcade portion of the game.
Shortly after his training with Bo' Rai Cho, Shujinko encounters an otherworldly being known as Damashi, who convinces Shujinko to help him acquire six powerful items, collectively known as the “Kamidogu.” When Shujinko finally collects the sixth piece (46 years into his search), Damishi reveals himself to be none other than Onaga, the Dragon King, who manipulated Shujinko into finding the Kamidogu for him for his own malevolent purposes.
I wanted to get the story out of the way, because all things considered, story in a Mortal Kombat game is typically secondary to the actual gameplay. Shujinko is not a most well-designed character; when Onaga reveals himself, you start to wonder why Shujinko never asked any questions and just went along with everything “Damashi” told him.
It is a weak plot, but it is also mostly there just because it needs to be. The story takes place across six different realms, each of which contains a piece of the Kamidogu. You start off in Earthrealm, and over the course of the game you travel to Netherrealm, Chaosrealm, Outworld, Orderrealm, and Edenia. Each realm has various missions and challenges, though most missions amount to nothing more than fetch quests. The challenges are typically normal fights with some sort of stipulation added. For instance, one challenge requires you to defeat Scorpion while Shujinko is bleeding, causing your health meter to be constantly depleting over the course of the fight. Other challenges include not being able to use the weapon stance, the inability to use projectiles, etc.
Unlike Konquest mode from Deadly Alliance, the updated version provided a legitimate reason to play through it. Treasure chests are scattered throughout the various realms, which contain either coins (or rather, Koins, since this is Mortal Kombat) or keys that unlock items in the crypt (or rather, the Krypt, since…well, you know). The Krypt is where you unlock new items, such as hidden characters, alternate outfits, concept art, behind-the-scenes videos, and more. Koins can be accumulated through the other modes that the game offers, but Konquest is the only place to obtain keys to certain coffins in the Krypt.
A lot of the treasure chests are in plain sight, but if you want to unlock everything in the game, it would not be a bad idea to have a guide next to you. Some chests only appear at certain times, days, or places. The most ridiculous of these are the chests to acquire series hero and primary protagonist Liu Kang, as well as his alternate outfit. Liu can only be acquired after returning to Konquest mode once again after completing it, at which point his treasure chest still only appears on Thursdays behind a tent in Edenia. His alternate outfit is even more specific, requiring you to be at coordinate H-5 of Edenia on the first day of any given month between 12:00pm and 1:00pm. Trust me, you want the alternate Liu Kang, because the “normal” Liu is a zombie. You heard right: Zombie Liu Kang is the default Liu Kang in this game. This stems from the developer's idea to kill one of the series most beloved characters in a cutscene at the beginning of Deadly Alliance.
Luckily the game gives you the option to meditate, causing time to speed up significantly, so if you happen to miss the time frame for a certain item, you can get back to it quickly. No missions are time sensitive, meaning you will not miss out on anything should you decide to meditate for a substantial period of time, which was a good design decision considering how tedious obtaining chests can be. Despite the story not being exceptionally strong, it is still annoying to miss out on items or missions due to a time restriction in any game, which has been a prevalent mechanic in many RPGs over the years.
There were also some weird design choices in Konquest. Over the course of the adventure, Shujinko encounters certain characters who provide a tutorial. When the tutorial starts, Shujinko transforms into that character. It was done as a way to teach you the combos and special moves of the other characters in the game, though that could have been accomplished with the simple addition of a practice mode. Or conversely, you could just learn the characters the old-fashioned way: by playing the game.
Another weird design choice was locking Shujinko's special moves in the Krypt. In order to use Shujinko's special attacks in the arcade and versus modes, you have to find the keys in Konquest. If Deception were made today, this would almost undoubtedly have a microtransaction option attached to it.
The Konquest mode really hyped me up prior to release, as we were told that it would feature every Mortal Kombat character up to that point. The 37 different colors of ninjas, the really bad characters that only made it into one game like Nitara and Movado, and even Stryker was there. I hate Stryker. Everyone hates Stryker. But I was really excited to see his dumb face in the Orderrealm.
Mortal Kombat: Deception‘s Konquest mode does not do anything great, but it does everything well enough to be a solid time-waster. In 2004, there were better fighting games, better RPGs, better stories, better voice acting, practically everything Konquest did was done better by somebody else. That being said, for me it was the perfect mishmash of all things Mortal Kombat, and what resulted was one of the best things Ed Boon has ever put his name on.
Unless you count Noob Saibot.
Celebrate William Shakespeare, a voice for all time A fine silver coin for £50 In 2016 we celebrate a momentous cultural milestone, marking 400 years since the death of William Shakespeare. The Royal Mint is proud to strike a range of coins which celebrate every aspect of the man and his timeless words. These coins have been endorsed by world-leading experts at the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust and are the only official United Kingdom coins to mark this anniversary. This £50 coin is struck in fine silver to Brilliant Uncirculated standard. About the Coin William Shakespeare, also known as The Bard of Avon, was perhaps the greatest writer who ever lived, a national icon and titan of English literature. His works remain as relevant and compelling today as they were when they were first performed during Tudor times. His is a treasure trove of theatrical masterpieces; their craft, wit and brilliance transcends the ages. It's only fitting that this £50 coin honours the playwright and his legacy in the year of the 400th anniversary of his death. The coin features an original design by seasoned coinage artist John Bergdahl and his choice of two masks portrayed as the writer himself perfectly captures the two sides of Shakespeare – comedy and tragedy. This coin is a commemorative coin. Commemorative coins are generally treasured for their aesthetic, collectible or rarity value, by those who appreciate the detailed hand-finished processes and expert skills used to make them. All coins made by The Royal Mint are legal tender whether commemorative or circulating, however, only circulating legal tender coins are designed to be spent and traded at businesses and banks. This coin is a commemorative coin so banks, post offices and shops will not accept them. If individual customers wish to discuss the return of this coin now or in the future please contact our customer services team on 0345 60 88 300.
Given the seemingly ongoing precarious situation in Israel I would like to share some thoughts on the topic of אַחְדוּת/Achdus that I once heard from one of my rebbeim. The value of Achdus is practically undisputed. All agree that the value of unity is intrinsic and important to Judaism. There are, however, two fundamental misunderstandings when it comes to Achdus.
The first is well known, and that is to confuse unity with uniformity. Indeed, the same play on words exists in Hebrew as well, in confusing אַחְדוּת with אֲחִידוּת. Uniformity, of course, is not necessary at all to achieve the seemingly ever-elusive goal of Achdus. When we speak of Achdus, we speak about living in harmony with one another. Harmony does not mean similarity at all, but rather implies disparate elements coming together to make something more impressive than any single element could muster. Unity and harmony means the ability to coexist and understand one another. Achdus does not dictate that we should agree with everyone, but rather how we are to disagree. Achdus, and Judaism, does not mean giving up one's individualism.
The second misunderstanding when it comes to Achdus, though, is more fundamental and less well known: What is the actual definition of the word “Achdus”?
In reality, it is not “unity”. The definition of the word אַחְדוּת comes from the root word of “אָח”, or “brother”. Thus, אַחְדוּת really means “brotherhood”. What does it mean, then, when we promote brotherhood amongst our fellow Jews?
What Is “Brotherhood”?
The general conception of the world is as follows: If you know someone only vaguely, he is considered an acquaintance; if you know someone well, he is considered a friend; if you know someone really well, he becomes a brother to you. In this conception, brotherhood refers to a point on a quantitative scale. The higher your concern and care of another person, the higher he or she ranks on the scale — the highest point on which is brotherhood.
Biologically, of course, this is wholly incorrect. Brotherhood has nothing at all to do with sharing a lot of friendship, or mutual feelings. Rather, a brotherhood is technically just the opposite. A brother is someone with whom you share a connection that transcends any feelings of even love and friendship. Brotherhood is something people share regardless of their feelings for one another. There is brotherhood when there is a common source and root shared amongst people. You may like your brother, you may not like him, but he is your brother all the same due to a deep-seated connection you both share.
Indeed, this is not only true at the technical level of biology. Members of a sports team, a class, a camp, and so forth are closer to true brotherhood than they are to just simply being friends. They share a common connection, root, and, hopefully, goal. The stronger the connection to the common bond at the center of the group, the stronger the sense of brotherhood.
How much stronger must our connection be as the Jewish people! What a root and goal we all share! Would that we all recognize this! We are all brothers — and no amount of differences between us will ever change that. Such is true Achdus.
Chesed: Two Models
There are two ways of doing chesed for another person.
In the first model, one does something nice for someone else. It is an act of chesed that actually highlights the differences between the two parties involved. Giving charity, for instance, is undoubtedly a very nice thing to do — but in so doing, one is actually highlighting and strengthening the divide and difference between the one giving and the one receiving the charity.
The second model of chesed, though, is a higher level. In this model, one displays that the receiver of the chesed is actually merely an extension of the giver. When Rabbi Aryeh Levin would go to the doctor with his wife, for instance, he would tell the doctor “our leg is hurting us”. He was not going to the doctor for his wife. Her pain was his pain. They were one and the same.
Rabbi Avi Weiss — agree or disagree with any of his policies all you want — was once asked how someone becomes such an influential leader and advocate for Israel. He responded by saying that if one has to ask himself such a question, it is never going to work. It would be akin to asking “How do you respond so strongly and passionately when someone pours boiling water on your arm?” When it is your arm that is being burned, you spring into action immediately. There is hardly a consideration, much less a choice, involved.
Doing chesed for another, versus doing chesed for an extension of yourself are two very different things. One can do an act of chesed that highlights the differences between people — and, no doubt, such acts of chesed are necessary and deeply beneficial (for both parties). But one can also perform acts of chesed that highlight the fundamental unity and connection between the giver and the receiver.
True Achdus
As was so astutely pointed out by my rebbe, Achdus — something that is so desperately needed right now in these trying times — is distinctly not about how much friendship we have for one another. Rather, it is about realizing that you and “the other” are in reality one and the same. It is not a question of “How do we help them?” We are them; and they are us! This is our fight, and our struggle.
It is no small task, but the sooner we understand and internalize this, as a nation, the sooner we will be able to reach a level of true Achdus with one another.
And may we all, together, merit to see the redemption speedily, and in our days.
NEW YORK (July 3, 2013) -- Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals , a previous five-time selection to the NHL First All-Star Team at left wing, has been voted to the First Team at right wing in 2012-13 to become just the second player in League history to receive the honor at multiple positions.
Ovechkin joins four-time First Team selection Mark Messier, who was named to the squad twice as a left wing (1980-81, 1981-82) and twice as a center (1989-90, 1991-92). Ovechkin tallied 32 goals in 48 games, including 23 in his final 23 contests, to become a three-time winner of the Hart Trophy as NHL MVP and the Maurice “Rocket” Richard Trophy as the League's goal-scoring leader. He finished third in the League in points (56), leading the Capitals to an 11-1-1 record in April and their fifth Southeast Division title in the last six years.
Joining Ovechkin on the First Team is center Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins , who garnered his second career First Team berth, and four newcomers to the First Team -- Penguins left wing Chris Kunitz, Columbus Blue Jackets goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky , Montreal Canadiens defenseman P.K. Subban and Minnesota Wild defenseman Ryan Suter.
Among those named to the Second Team are goaltender Henrik Lundqvist of the New York Rangers , who collected his first Second Team berth to go along with his First Team nomination last season; defensemen Kris Letang of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Francois Beauchemin of the Anaheim Ducks , both first-time selections; center Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks, also a first-time selection; and right wing Martin St. Louis of the Tampa Bay Lightning , voted to the Second Team for the fourth time.
Rounding out the Second Team, at left wing, is Ovechkin. While most voters selected Ovechkin at right wing to make him a decisive winner at that position, the 27-year-old Moscow native received enough votes from other voters as a left wing -- the position he played for each of his seven prior NHL seasons and for a handful of games in 2012-13 -- to place second overall behind Kunitz.
Voting for the All-Star Team is conducted among representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association at the end of the regular season.
The gunman in the horrific Las Vegas attack this past weekend had a total of 47 firearms at the hotel room, and at his home in Nevada. Several of the weapons were able to be fired in fully-automatic mode (which he did), and several of them had a cosmetic feature known as a bump-stock.
The bump-stock is a device that allows a user to harness the firearm's recoil to depress the trigger more quickly, and thus obtain a higher rate of fire. However, it is still not a fully automatic weapon, even if equipped with this kind of stock, because a full depression of the trigger is still required to fire off a round, and only one round can be fired per trigger press.
The bump-stock is not a very common device, as only a few companies actually manufacture it. During the first couple of years of its existence, there were questions as to the stock's legality, if it was a device that de facto made a semi-automatic firearm into a fully automatic firearm.
However, back in 2010, President Obama's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives issued a statement saying that the stock was legal and did not constitute an illegal modification, according to CNS News.
A company called Slide Fire had earlier sent its patented replacement shoulder stock to ATF's Firearms Technology Branch, asking for an evaluation of the device. The ATF, in reply, wrote: “Your letter advises that the stock (referenced in this reply as a ‘bump stock') is intended to assist persons whose hands have limited mobility to ‘bump fire' an AR-15 type rifle.” The device replaces the factory stock and grip. The replacement stock moves back and forth with the gun's recoil, allowing it to fire rapidly and continuously as the trigger repeatedly is bumped into the shooter's finger. A switch allows the user to select semi-automatic fire (one shot for each trigger pull) or the more rapid “bump fire.” According to the ATF's June 2010 letter: “The stock has no automatically functioning mechanical parts or springs and performs no automatic mechanical function when installed. In order to use the device, the shooter must apply constant forward pressure with the non-shooting hands and constant rearward pressure with the shooting hand. Accordingly, we find that the ‘bump stock' is a firearm part and is not regulated as a firearm under the Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act.”
Slide Fire maintains a copy of the dated letter on their website, proving the fact that this part is not illegal.
A BATFE agent told CBS news that a total of 12 of the firearms in the hotel room at Mandalay Bay Casino were equipped with bump-stocks. Senator Dianne Feinstein, incessant opponent of the right to bear arms, plans to introduce legislation to close the “automatic weapon loophole.”
Of course, that term should be taken with a mine of salt. This “loophole” is one that she created herself by manipulating and pulling the strings and changing the meaning of words. There is no “automatic weapons loophole,” it's simply untrue and is fear-mongering, Statist garbage.
Just about everything that the shooter did was a high level felony. Possession of automatic weapons made after 1986 is illegal, and possessing anything made before 1986 is very difficult, with mountains of paperwork, invasive background checks, and registration requirements, not to mention the insanely high cost of any select-fire gun at any FFL dealer, upwards of $20,000 in many cases.
But contrary to the many sophistic ramblings of the gun-grabbers, a bump-stock is NOT a fully automatic weapon; not even close. The claim that it is a part of a “loophole” is a blatantly disingenuous idea that displays willful ignorance of how firearms operate.
Let that not deter the woman who aimed an AK rifle at the audience in a press conference with a magazine inserted AND finger inside the trigger guard…
…But that's none of my business.
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
Related:
Halal travel opens borders for Muslim tourists Halal is the new frontier of international tourism. In fact there is a growth in this area with world tour operators offering packages tailored for Muslim travellers which are in accordance with the dictates of Islam. A no pork menu, no alcohol, swimming pools that a reserved for women only, Read More.
Telephone booths make a come-back for special project on immigrant stories What if you walked into a telephone booth, picked up the receiver, and found an immigrant on the other end who told you his/her story? Aman Mojadidi an artist from Afghanistan came up with the idea and together with Public company Times Square Arts, was able to realize this social Read More.
New tool to monitor EU actions for integration The European Website on Integration is releasing an online tool to monitor the progress of its implementation, one year later (June 2016) that the European Commission launched the Action Plan for the Integration of Third Country Nationals. Designed as a dashboard, the website provides at a glance an overview of Read More.
How many immigrants there are in the European Union In 2015, a total of 4.7 million people immigrated to one of the 28 Member States of the European Union, while at least 2.8 million emigrants were reported to have left an EU Member State. Half of the immigrants (2.4 million) were non-EU citizens. In total, on 1 January 2016, Read More.
Here is why videogames help immigrant children adjust Videogames act as instruments of integration for refugees who are minors. At least, this is the result of an experiment undertaken by New York university on a sample of Syrian children and adolescents, refugees in a Turkish refugee camp. Letting them play for a few hours each day with consoles Read More.
When Florida working mom Cara Jennings gave Gov. Rick Scott a piece of her mind at a Gainesville Starbucks earlier this week, she didn't realize a nearby cafe customer was recording it on his phone—much less did she expect to skyrocket to national fame and be applauded as a hero.
But not everyone found Jennings' impromptu rant about Medicaid cuts and anti-abortion legislation inspiring. Gov. Rick Scott himself doesn't seem to be taking the loud chorus of criticism spurred by the viral video very well.
In fact, Scott is really, really mad at the woman who yelled at him—and he's coming for her personally.
On Friday, the governor's political action committee posted a mud-slinging video response to the biting criticism Jennings loudly tossed his way in the notorious video. The Let's Get to Work PAC, formed to raise funds for Scott's gubernatorial campaign, took credit for the video—apparently using those funds to shame an outspoken state resident.
In the video, Jennings is called a “latte liberal” and a “terribly rude woman” who was “cursing and screaming.” It then goes on to point out that Jennings, in her former role as Lake Worth city commissioner, once allegedly refused to say the Pledge of Allegiance and is a self-defined political anarchist.
The surprising video continues a two-day attack on Jennings stemming from Scott's camp. On Thursday, the governor's office issued a statement deriding Jennings that the New York Daily News called “baffling” and “bizarre.”
“People with radical views tend to not like civil debate. A self-proclaimed anarchist rudely yelled and cursed at the Governor. She also refused to Pledge Allegiance to the flag. It's a free country, but its not at all surprising that an anarchist prefers shouting over conversation.”
Friday's video, continuing the attack response, refers to only one of the issues Jennings raised in the cafe. Without making any reference to Scott's contentious anti-abortion bill defunding Planned Parenthood or the state's stripping of Medicaid funds, the video focuses solely on the job-creation statistics during Scott's tenure as governor.
In the video, Scott's PAC focuses on jobs created in the Gainesville area, but the overall implication is that the governor can take credit for the one million jobs the state created over his five-year reign. But taking such credit, according to fact-checking blog Politifact, would be “a stretch” for any governor since many of the factors that result in job creation (national economy, population fluctuation) are out of the state government's control.
Jennings was surprised by the video's intense focus on discrediting her personally, telling the Daily Dot that the governor is a “bully” and that there's “nothing like the power of the state coming at you.”
“So, if you call out the governor you get the power of his PAC coming after you,” wrote Jennings in a Facebook post on Friday. “Anyone sees a problem with this power equation?”
Planned Parenthood also responded: “This ad underscores how out-of-touch Rick Scott is with Floridians,” said Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, in a statement. “Scott should be trying to fix the disaster he's created for women's access to health care in Florida, not trying to smear a constituent for speaking her mind.”
Laguens also noted that Planned Parenthood affiliates serve thousands of Floridian women and provide affordable contraception to nearly half the women in need in both Collier County and Palm Beach County, where Jennings lives.
The Daily Dot was able to verify that the video was produced by a PAC that Scott oversees. On Letsgettowork.net, where the video also appears on the PAC's home page, the mission statement includes this line: “Let's Get to Work is supported by Governor Rick Scott.”
In a lengthy interview with the Daily Dot on Tuesday, Jennings explained why she lost her cool when the governor walked into the cafe. She told the Daily Dot that the conversation “started out very calm” but escalated after she complained to Scott that his recent defunding of Planned Parenthood and stripping of Medicaid access left her with nowhere to go for basic women's healthcare—to which he allegedly responded by telling her to visit the county health clinic.
“He thinks he has the authority to dictate where women go to get their mammograms,” said Jennings in the Daily Dot interview. “It doesn't matter to him that the county health clinic doesn't provide care that's as good as Planned Parenthood.”
“He feels comfortable telling me where I should go,” Jennings continued. “I feel comfortable telling him he's an asshole.”
Update 2:09pm CT, April 8: Updated to include statement from Planned Parenthood.
OVERVIEW
In celebration of America's one-hundredth anniversary of independence, the Centennial Exhibition took place on more than 285 acres of land in Philadelphia's Fairmount Park May 10-November 10, 1876. Close to ten million visitors (9,910,966) went to the fair via railroad, steamboat, carriage, and on foot. Thirty-seven nations participated in the event, officially named the International Exhibition of Arts, Manufactures, and Products of the Soil and Mine. The grounds contained five major buildings: the Main Exhibition Building, Memorial Hall (Art Gallery), Machinery Hall, Agricultural Hall, and Horticultural Hall. In addition to these buildings, approximately 250 smaller structures were constructed by states, countries, companies, and other Centennial bureaus that focused on particular displays or services.
H.J. Toudy & Co., Bird's Eye View, Centennial Buildings, lithograph, Philadelphia: 1875.
Thomas Hunter, Map of Centennial Grounds, Fairmount Park, Philadelphia, hand-colored lithograph, Philadelphia: 1876.
Admission to the fair was fifty cents for the general public, but exhibitors received free entry. Once admitted, visitors had to navigate the overwhelming spaces (the Main Exhibition Building, for example, stretched 1,880 feet in length) and the sheer number of displays (more than 30,000 businesses exhibited). They could use published catalogs that listed the classifications of products (e.g. Silk and Silk Fabrics) along with the building in which they were displayed, and in varying detail the location of an exhibitor within the building.
Samples of Centennial Exhibition admission tickets.
The Centennial Exhibition reflected a growing consumer and leisure culture of the mid-late 19th century. Never before had consumers been able to view so many practical and luxurious commodities from so many countries in one place. Manufacturers, dealers, and exhibitors of tens of thousands of products competed for the attention of prospective buyers by handing out printed circulars, trade cards, catalogs, and other advertising ephemera. The surviving documents generated by the exhibitors provide a sense of the extensive scope, size, and impact of the event.
Above left: Centennial Photographic Company, Main Building, from East Gallery, albumen stereograph (detail), Philadelphia: 1876.
Above right: Centennial Photographic Company, Agricultural Hall, Main Avenue, albumen stereograph (detail), Philadelphia: 1876.
Next >
Meet the First Lady of Cincinnati sports.
Say hello to your new NHL power couple – Penguins Stanley Cup champion goalie Matt Murray and his girlfriend Christina...
Get to know the AFC wives and girlfriends!
Get to know the wives and girlfriends before Sunday.
With the Red Rifle firmly entrenched as the Bengals starting quarterback, former Bama star A.J. McCarron has been relegated to...
For almost an entire season, the Denver Broncos were quietly the best team in the NFL. They went on a...
In the event that our glowing review of the E! show, “WAGS,” didn't convince you to tune in every Tuesday,...
As the 2015 MLB season draws to an end, there have been many times that we have all stopped and...
It looks like Gronk & Camille are still rolling along.
He went to Notre Dame. She graduated from Purdue.
wags Johnny Manziel's Girlfriend Won The Weekend Joe Kinsey 10 more days. Johnny Manziel only needs to go 10 more days until he has completed one of the...
If we don't talk about race, Sarah Jackson argues, we can't get to any place progressive.
Originally published on Role/Reboot
—
RSVP for #StopRacism Weekly Calls
—
Recently Steve Locke wrote an incredibly on-point and heartfelt piece for The Good Men Project about why he was tired of talking about race. Locke, a talented artist and art professor, explained that “as a black person, I am called on often to speak for my ‘race.' I can never give an opinion without it being assumed to be that of a multitude.” At the same time Locke details the hypocrisy that often evolves when he engages others in conversations about the continuing impact of racism in American society and is dismissed, attacked, or accused of being incapable of being objective. Locke notes that anyone genuinely committed to learning about race and how race has and continues to shape our country and everyday lives has “libraries full of books, interviews, essays, lectures, and symposia” to draw from, but that he, for one, is tired.
Steve, I feel you man, I really do. Talking about race is exhausting, especially in a world that pretends it's a conversation that no longer needs to be had, especially when faced with an already hostile audience because of the color of your skin, and especially because, as you point out, “whenever white people want to talk about race, they never want to talk about themselves.” Which is, of course, why we all need to keep talking about race.
And let me be clear about whom I mean by “we.” I mean you. Whoever you are, whatever your identity, you should talk about race.
♦◊♦
As an educator who researches and teaches about issues of social identity I find myself talking about race almost every day. That's what I signed up for. But the thing is, even if it wasn't my job to talk about race I still live in a raced world where race is talked about around me and to me, whether I like it or not. And that is not only because I am a person of color. Certainly, the color of my skin, like the fact that I was born with a vagina, influences the way the world perceives and treats me, but that same world perceives and treats EVERYONE in certain ways because of the color of their skin. Just as men's everyday experiences are affected by constructions of gender and heterosexuals benefit from constructions of normative sexuality, white people live in a raced world, too. We are all surrounded by implicit (and explicit) race talk. I, for one, want my voice and the voices of others who want progress, to be a part of the conversation.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
One of the tenets of feminism is that the lived, everyday experiences of women matter and should be considered equally valuable to those of men if we are to move toward a gender equitable society. We encourage women who have been the victims of gendered violence to tell their stories in order to de-stigmatize this experience. We call out department stores that sell shirts that tell our daughters if they are pretty they don't have to do homework. We ask that our female politicians be judged equally to their male counterparts and not on what they're wearing. We say aloud and repeat the fact that women continuing to make less money than men for the same work is the result of institutionalized sexism. We understand that constructions of gender are everywhere, even when not spoken about explicitly. Those of us invested in gender equality do all these things because talking about gender, naming it, and questioning it, can be empowering. The more we talk, the more we redefine the gendered social constructions that hurt us all. I'm sure you see where I'm going here.
Locke's desire not to talk about race reminded me of an experiment conducted last year by John L. Jackson, Jr. (no relation) of the University of Pennsylvania's Annenberg School for Communication. Jackson attempted a 40-day fast from talking about race. In an interview with NPR he explained that from day one this fast turned out to be impossible. “Race is around every corner, so I had to excuse myself from every conversation. I couldn't read any headline because it is there already,” he said. “The experiment proved that if you're not talking about race at all you're not actually talking about the contemporary moment in a way that's going to get us to someplace progressive.”
Exactly. So let's talk about race.
♦◊♦
Contrary to the naive (and destructive) idea that we should live in a “colorblind” society where simply avoiding race as a topic makes it go away, talking about race, identifying its continuing impact on individuals and our society at large, allows us to move toward addressing continuing inequalities and validating a diverse set of experiences.
Contrary to the naive (and destructive) idea that we should live in a “colorblind” society where simply avoiding race as a topic makes it go away, talking about race, identifying its continuing impact on individuals and our society at large, allows us to move toward addressing continuing inequalities and validating a diverse set of experiences.
And let me again be clear, I do not mean that only people of color should talk about race. In fact, I agree with Steve Locke that people of color face the unfair burden of being expected to talk about race, even when they don't want to or don't, frankly, know much about it in an intellectual sense. I have seen this in my classroom when white students fall silent on issues of race and look to their black and brown classmates to address complex racial issues single-handedly. It's as if my white students think that despite their peers sharing their age and educational level, the extra melanin in their skin has imbued them with the wisdom of Martin Luther King, the tenacity of Cesear Chavez, and the patience of Ghandi. I promise you, it has not. Similarly, like Locke, I have experienced the sting of being told I'm being “too sensitive” or “unobjective” about race many times, because of, yep, my race. Which is exactly why I want everyone to talk about race.
As Locke points out, as long as only people of color are asked to speak on race and then dismissed for doing so, white people maintain the privilege of not having to recognize the way race affects their everyday lives. Just as we need “good men” who are willing to talk about how being a man uniquely privileges them and how dominant constructions of masculinity hurt them, men who are willing to speak up against rape culture on college campuses and homophobia in the military, we need white folks to have open, public conversations about how their whiteness affects their everyday lives and to speak up against individuals, policies, and institutions that perpetuate racial hierarchies by refusing to talk about race. Silence isn't only consent; silence is like giving a system based in racial hierarchies a bear hug and cooking it a romantic dinner.
I plan to keep talking about race, just like I plan to keep talking about sexism, homophobia, and classism. I talk about race because I don't know how not to and because I wish desperately that others couldn't help themselves either.
—
RSVP for #StopRacism Weekly Calls
—
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
Note: Steve Locke already provided a valuable reading list with his discussion, in that spirit I would add:
White Women Race Matters, Ruth Frankenberg
The Possessive Investment in Whiteness, George Lipsitz
White Like Me, Tim Wise
Black Feminist Thought, Patricia Hill Collins
Seeing a Colorblind Future, Patricia Williams
♦◊♦
Sarah Jackson is a Postdoctoral Teaching Fellow at Northeastern University in Boston, MA. Her research and teaching focus on how media discourses of race, class, and gender reinforce and/or challenge concepts of national belonging. Outside her academic life, Sarah volunteers with youth in educational equity programs, does a lot of yoga, and fantasizes about being an artist. Read more of her writing on Wandering In Love and follow her on Twitter @sjjphd
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
—
This article originally appeared on Role/Reboot and is reprinted with permission.
—
We are proud of our SOCIAL INTEREST GROUPS—WEEKLY PHONE CALLS to help discuss and help solve some of the most difficult challenges the world has today. Calls are for Members Only (although you can join the first call for free). Not yet a member of The Good Men Project? Join now!
—
What Now? Participate. Take Action. Join The Good Men Project Community.
The $50 Platinum Level is an ALL-ACCESS PASS—join as many groups and classes as you want for the entire year. The $25 Gold Level gives you access to any ONE Social Interest Group and ONE Class–and other benefits listed below the form. Or…for $12, join as a Bronze Member and support our mission. All members see the site AD-FREE!
Please note: If you are already a writer/contributor at The Good Men Project, log in here before registering. (Request new password if needed).
◊♦◊
Your ANNUAL PLATINUM membership includes:
1. Free and UNLIMITED ACCESS to participate in ANY of our new Social Interest Groups. We have active communities of like-minded individuals working to change the world on important issues. Weekly facilitated calls that lead to execution of real world strategies for change. Complete schedule here, with new ones starting all the time. We now offer 500 calls a year!
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
2. Free and UNLIMITED ACCESS to ALL LIVE CLASSES. Learn how build your own platform, be a better writer, become an edit or create social change. Check out our training sessions. As a Platinum member, you can take them all.
3. Invitation to the MEMBERS ONLY Good Men Project Community on Facebook. Connect with other members, network and carry the conversation no one else is having one step further.
4. Access to our PREMIUM MEMBER LIBRARY with our recorded ConvoCasts and classes. ConvoCasts are a new form of media—and you are in them! Only Platinum Members get access to our recordings. And recordings of our classes are really valuable for those who do not have time to take the live classes or just want to review.
5. An ad-free experience. No banner, pop-up, or video ads when you log in.
6. Weekly conference calls with the publisher and other community members. Our weekly calls discuss the issues we see happening in the world of men in a friendly group setting.
7. PLATINUM member commenting badge. Your comments on our website will appear with a platinum member badge, signifying you are a part of our core community.
Price for ANNUAL PLATINUM membership is $50/year.
♦◊♦
Your ANNUAL GOLD membership will include:
1. Free access to any ONE Social Interest Groups.Try them out! We have active communities of like-minded individuals working to change the world on important issues. Weekly facilitated calls that lead to execution of real world strategies for change. Complete schedule here, with new ones starting all the time.
2. Free access to any ONE of our live classes. Each month, we have the following: Learn how to be a Rising Star in media, build your own platform, become an advanced writer, become an editor or create social change. Check out our classes here. RSVP for any one class—if you want to take more, just upgrade to an Annual Platinum Membership.
3. Invitation to the MEMBER-ONLY Good Men Project Community on Facebook and all Weekly Conference calls with the Publisher and community. Connect with other members online and by phone!
4. An ad-free experience. No banner, pop-up, or video ads when you are logged in—as long as your membership is active.
5. GOLD commenting badge. Your comments on our website will appear with a gold member badge, signifying you are a part of our core community.
Price for ANNUAL GOLD membership is $25/year.
♦◊♦
Your ANNUAL BRONZE membership will include:
1. Invitation to the MEMBER-ONLY Good Men Project Community on Facebook and weekly conference calls with the publisher and community. Connect with other members, network and carry the conversation no one else is having one step further.
2. A listing on our Friends of The Good Men Project page. Your support of our mission is noted and appreciated. See the page here!
3. An ad-free experience. No banner, pop-up, or video ads when you are logged in—as long as your membership is active.
4. BRONZE member commenting badge. Your comments on our website will appear with a bronze member badge, signifying you are a part of our core community.
Price for ANNUAL BRONZE membership is $12/year.
♦◊♦
We have groups and calls 7 days a week:
Read more about our Social Interest Groups here:
We have pioneered the largest worldwide conversation about what it means to be a good man in the 21st century. Your support of our work is inspiring and invaluable.
◊♦◊
DragonSpeed will start on pole position for tomorrow's European Le Mans Series Four Hours of Imola, after Nicolas Lapierre stormed to the lead of the qualifying session.
Lapierre set a 1:33.780 on his last lap, securing first position for himself and team-mates Henrik Hedman and Ben Hanley in the No. 21 Oreca 05 Nissan.
Silverstone pole-winner Mathias Beche was second for Thiriet by TDS Racing, despite a light incident with James Winslow late in the session.
Beche was 0.035 seconds behind Lapierre, and although Paul-Loup Chatin's lap was exactly the same time, the Panis Barthez Competition driver finished third as his time was set later in the session. He had finished on top in both Free Practice sessions.
Olivier Pla and Giedo van der Garde finished next, for Krohn Racing and G-Drive Racing respectively.
United Autosports won LMP3 pole, with a time of 1:39.256 courtesy of Wayne Boyd in the No. 3 Ligier JS P3 Nissan.
The Anglo-American outfit had looked set to take a one-two qualifying position but a quick lap from Giorgio Mondini propelled Eurointernational's No. 11 car into second.
Therefore, Silverstone winner Alex Brundle was pushed down to third, ahead of Sean Rayhall and Dino Lunardi in the No. 10 Graff and No. 19 Duqeine Engineering cars.
A brief yellow flag period came out mid-way through, as Alex Kapadia lost the front-left wheel of his Murphy Prototypes Ligier coming into the final chicane.
Soon after, Lunardi put a wheel into the grass coming into the same corner, resulting in a spin for the early leader.
Wolf Henzler took pole position in GTE for Proton Competition, in the No. 77 Porsche 911 RSR he shares with Mike Hedlund and Robert Renauer.
The German driver survived charges from Andrea Bertolini and Klaus Bachler at the end of the session but no-one could surpass his time of 1:43.440.
This left Bertolini in second for JMW Motorsport, while Bachler was third in the other Proton Porsche.
Davide Rigon took fourth for AT Racing, while the AF Corse Ferrari F458 Italias of Matt Griffin and Marco Cioci were next, ahead of Andrew Howard's Beechdean AMR car.
The Formula Racing Ferrari was a no-show during the qualifying session, following a crash in this morning's practice session.
The race gets underway at 2:00 p.m. local time on Sunday.
RESULTS: Qualifying
“You know how fast a little fiber can make you go”. “It makes you go faster”. We've heard them all! We're proud to offer a genuine carbon fiber toilet seat, made with hand layered carbon fiber around a pre-molded foam core. Be wary of other less expensive seats that may use a wood core...they are much heavier, which defeats the whole purpose of carbon fiber!
The carbon fiber toilet seat fits standard household toilets.
The manufacturing process uses the finest epoxy resin system and 550,000 psi tensile carbon fiber. The carbon fiber features a 2 x 2 twill pattern, the weave looks absolutely gorgeous! Pictures do no justice. These are normally only available in limited quantity and are commonly out of stock, so be sure to get one while you can.
Made out of 100% real carbon fiber
Fits standard size toilets
Comes with mounting hardware
Made in Canada
Please be sure to double-check the dimensions below to ensure fitment with your toilet. Not all toilet seat sizes are standard.
Due to the nature of the product, sales are final.
Dimensions
16.5" long (from nose to hinge centerline). 14.25" wide. Mounting brackets are 5.5" apart.
Actual Item Weight
1,335 grams (2lbs 15oz)
The Georgetown University Master's in Cybersecurity Risk Management prepares you to navigate todays complex cyber threats. Take classes online, on campus, or through a combination of both -- so you dont have to interrupt your career. Learn more.
Those of us in the Linux community have long appreciated the many virtues of open source technology, but a rash of new interest suggests that governments are starting to wake up to the idea as well.
For example: Earlier this month, as faithful readers will remember, we noted the new mandate in Vietnam that all government computers move to Linux.
Then, late last week, news emerged that the Russian government may be planning to build a Linux-based national operating system of its own as a way of reducing its dependence on licensed foreign software. The original report comes from CNews -- in Russian -- but Elektroschock kindly provided an English translation in submitting the news to Slashdot. There, the story drew considerable interest, eliciting more than 200 comments within a few hours of its posting.
'It's Called Lenix'
"Isn't their National Operating System called Communism?" quipped 140Mandak262Jamuna.
"No, it's called Lenix," retorted CrimsonScythe.
"Lenix was a beta version, superseded by Stalix, Kruschix, etc. These are no longer maintained but have a few die hard fanbois," suggested couchslug. "Current dominance of Putix reflects a determination to 'embrace and extend' similar to that of the Stalix developers, but with much more polished marketing. Competing distros such as Tsarix and Democratix serve niche markets."
Yes, well... Ha!
'Obamuntu'
Anyhoo ... perhaps the biggest news on the Linux blogs in recent days was the report that Sun's Scott McNealy has been asked by President Obama to put together a paper on open source technologies in government. The story was originally reported by the BBC and soon got picked up by CNet's Matt Asay, the 451 Group's Matthew Aslett and OStatic, to name just a few.
Obama has, of course, been referred to as an "open source" kind of leader for some time now. But the news that in his very first week in office he's already begun to consider open source technologies in a serious way? That set Linux bloggers on fire.
Bloggers including members of the intelligence community pondered the news on Slashdot, amounting to more than 300 comments by Friday, while on Digg, the story received more than 4,500 Diggs and 600 comments within a day of being posted.
"Questioning current systems, looking at alternative solutions and asking questions = good," wrote patburke1980. "Obama you're my boy!"
"Obamuntu," added Homerr.
And of course, the inevitable: "Microsoft must be s***ing bricks," IHaveIssues suggested.
'We Shall See'
Indeed, the potential implications are sizable, to say the least, so LinuxInsider couldn't resist hitting the streets for some more opinions.
"Open source would have many benefits for departments that need better security and cut costs," Montreal consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack told LinuxInsider. "An executive order that would require managers at least consider open source would go a long way toward breaking management habits of going to Microsoft first."
Similarly: "It is good that one of the leaders of a country has FLOSS on the radar," blogger Robert Pogson agreed. "The US military already uses GNU/Linux. The security infrastructure already recognizes the value of FLOSS. Now, perhaps, general purpose computing may connect."
Of course, "one man cannot control the whole government in detail," Pogson told LinuxInsider. "But he can put a whole bunch of executives on the same page and change can happen. We have seen repeatedly that M$ can squelch some grassroots initiatives by cozying up to the top guys. We shall see."
'This Makes Me Smile'
Not all the enthusiasm came from Obama supporters, either.
"I'm not a fan of most of Obama's politics, but this is one aspect that makes me smile, and I hope it bears fruit other than tepid committee reports and mealy-mouthed statements of intention," Slashdot editor Timothy Lord told LinuxInsider. "Tax-paid software should be seen as a uniquely extensible part of the commonwealth, because whenever the government supports open source software, even through mere use, it adds value to the same software for everyone else."
Of particular importance, Lord added, "I hope that the proposed report reflects that the *data* that the government holds, which has been gathered and crystallized at the taxpayers' expense, should to the extent possible be accessible by means of free software.
'File Formats Rule the World'
"File formats rule the world -- all documents belonging to the public should be, barring good reason, available in universally readable formats for which are available free readers, under free operating systems," he asserted.
For Monochrome Mentality blogger Kevin Dean, the possibility of a mandate was problematic on a philosophical level.
"I'm always happy to see people ask questions and learn, especially about open source!" Dean began. Nevertheless, "I'm a bit upset that it's being prompted in government. You can't force people to be free, and government itself is force."
On an even deeper level, "open source being used by government people is almost ironic because they are both foundationally dependent on opposing principles," Dean asserted.
Itchy Business
Specifically, "open source is great because everybody who works on it does so for self-benefit," he explained. "Every developer 'scratches his own itch,' and because of this, that itch is scratched in the best possible way. The cumulative effect is that the itches people have in common get solved quickly, effectively and cheaply."
Government people, on the other hand, "are all about force," he added. "It's about smashing down dissent and forging down a single path, despite the interests of the various human beings affected by that. If that path doesn't scratch your itch, too bad! The end result of this is ineffectiveness, sloth and immense cost."
For the citizens of the country, the benefits of open source unfortunately "won't rub off," Dean predicted.
'Why Not?'
Still, most observers were encouraged by the possibilities.
"Finally, a call to sensible views on technology," Slashdot blogger yagu told LinuxInsider.
"I don't propose or even think appropriate that all proprietary technology be tossed aside at the expense of a functioning government, but I think many benefits are available with Open Source," he concluded. "Why not?"
Apple Watch reviews hit the internet today and the response is mixed. Although people praise its build quality, styling, and gorgeous screen—and say it does indeed help you use your phone less—critics complain the Watch is glitchy. Slow. Its battery life sucks. Apps take too long to load, if they load at all. You might want one, but you don't need one. It's not for everyone. And, for what it is, it's expensive—much too expensive.
Nevertheless, when the company begins taking pre-orders tomorrow, diehard Apple fans will clamor for Cupertino's latest signature product. They will harbor grand hopes for its possibilities. That's the power Apple has. The Apple II changed how we use computers forever. The iPod (and iTunes) revolutionized music. The iPhone is ubiquitous and essential. Because this is Apple, we can't help but measure the Watch against those immense successes. To triumph, it must be more than a normal, expensive accessory, like well-crafted headphones.
But what if the non-diehards decide that's all the Apple Watch is? If lukewarm early reviews keep consumers out of stores, or if major glitches alienate early adopters, the Apple Watch could be a bust, at least by Apple standards. Even with record revenues and a gilded image, such a hit would hurt Apple. The funny thing is, it could end up hurting us even more.
A flop could bring us more of the same. A big win could encourage Apple to be even bolder.
Time and Money
As the most valuable company in the world, Apple is flush with cash. The company's global sales grow every year, led by the hugely popular iPhone (Apple has sold more than 700 million phones since it launched in 2007). So, even if the Watch isn't as popular, Apple's finances will be just fine. The company's stock price could falter, but it's hard to imagine investors staying away for long.
Still, Apple can't grow forever on iPhones and MacBooks alone, and iPad sales already are stagnant. To maintain dynamic growth, the company needs diehards and regular consumers alike to buy stuff as often as possible—and it must have new, diverse options available, not just upgrades. Apple already has shown interest in expanding into new consumer goods, as with its acquisition last year of Beats—a move meant to correct the colossal failure of iTunes Radio. But headphones and music streaming aren't the same as a new flagship device to drive the kind of massive growth shareholders have come to expect as a given from Apple.
Even if Apple's growth isn't immediately stunted, the company has invested years of research and resources into the Watch. Within the company, the hit to morale would be huge. Jony Ive, Apple's senior vice president of design, has been dreaming of the Watch since 2011. His team has spent nearly four years designing it, developing the technology, and creating its many customizable options.
And the company is likely still working now. Ive has suggested his team works on future iterations of a product far before they are ready for the market, so it's safe to assume Apple already is tinkering with a Watch 2. But if consumers don't want the Watch, recouping that investment of time, money, and manpower will be for tough. While Apple may be working on other prototypes, it would need another consumer-ready design to which it could quickly pivot to shore up its losses.
Too Big a Brand to Fail
But if a Watch flop would hurt Apple the company, the greater damage would be to Apple the brand. Apple has undertaken a massive effort to portray the Watch as the next frontier, the next must-have, the dream. It's Apple's boldest product since Steve Jobs died. If the Watch fails, Apple would be spooked, and so would we. There will be talk of 2015 as the “end of Apple.” For consumers, the company would no longer be hot.
Ironically, that shift in perception could start a self-fulfilling spiral of risk aversion. After getting burned for “Thinking Differently,” Apple could start doing the same old, same old. Instead of fans obsessing over product leaks, rumors, and announcements, Apple could end up more like the Microsoft of old or (shudder) HP. Instead of taking chances, it could decide to stick with sure things.
Before we get too ahead of ourselves, let's acknowledge that although the Watch could fail, it probably won't. Consumers love Apple and love Apple products. Whether in this iteration or the next, Apple likely will find some way to make the Watch work—paired with the iPhone, the two products may only get better and more popular.
Still, if the Watch is anything less than a blockbuster, we may yet feel the consequences. We might not see them today, and we might not notice them 50 years from now, but in between it could affect how the company gets there. The Watch is the first major product Apple's released that allows consumers to truly customize the product design itself. Unlike the iPhone and iPod's limited options, the Watch boasts near infinite combinations of interchangeable straps, watch faces, and digital add-ons, not to mention a wide range of prices. If consumers aren't convinced by the Watch's usefulness, Apple's takeaway might be to go back to the basics: creativity is for Apple, not the consumer.
And while that reaction would be understandable, it would still hurt. If the Watch fails, the company's next product could wind up more conservative, less personal, and simpler in the wrong way. Think Different could become Think the Same. Apple will be just fine. But the rest of us will miss out on what might have been.
"Vinyl" is a new HBO show about the 1970s New York music scene, which is executive produced by Martin Scorsese, Mick Jagger, and Terence Winter ("Boardwalk Empire," "The Sopranos"). It premieres February 14.
The show's soundtrack will be released in weekly installments by Atlantic Records and Warner Bros. Records, starting with the full album Vinyl: Music From the HBO Original Series — Volume 1 on February 12. It collects songs from the the series premiere, including tracks by Otis Redding, Sturgill Simpson, Mott the Hoople, and more. Find the tracklist below.
Of particular note: Simpson's "Sugar Daddy" is an original track, as well as the show's theme song. David Johansen, the singer of the New York Dolls, re-recorded their classic "Personality Crisis." There's also a song by Nasty Bits, a fictional band that appears in the show that's fronted by Mick Jagger's son, James Jagger—their track, "Rotten Apple," was co-written by father and son, as well as Luis Felber and James Dunson.
Following the release of Volume 1, HBO will release a digital EP every Friday containing music appearing in the upcoming week's episode (or music that was inspired by music in that week's episode). Julian Casablancas, Iggy Pop, Charli XCX, the Arcs, Chris Cornell, Trey Songz, Jessie J, Nate Ruess, Royal Blood, Jess Glynne, DJ Cassidy, Alex Newell, and Charlie Wilson are some of the artists who will be featured in those releases.
That process will climax with Vinyl: Music From the HBO Original Series — Volume 1: Finale, a second full-length soundtrack that will be released on April 15, ahead of the show's April 17 season finale.
Vinyl: Music From the HBO Original Series — Volume 1:
01 Ty Taylor: "The World Is Yours"
02 David Johansen: "Personality Crisis"
03 Kaleo: "No Good"
04 Sturgill Simpson: "Sugar Daddy" (Theme from 'Vinyl')
05 Ruth Brown: "Mama He Treats Your Daughter Mean"
06 Otis Redding: "Mr. Pitiful"
07 Dee Dee Warwick: "Suspicious Minds"
08 Mott the Hoople: "All The Way From Memphis"
09 David Johansen: "Stranded In The Jungle"
10 Chris Kenner: "I Like It Like That"
11 Ty Taylor: "Cha Cha Twist"
12 The Jimmy Castor Bunch: "It's Just Begun"
13 Soda Machines: "Want Ads"
14 The Meters: "Hand Clapping Song"
15 Soda Machines: "Slippin' Into Darkness"
16 Edgar Winter: "Frankenstein"
17 Nasty Bits: "Rotten Apple"
18 Foghat: "I Just Want To Make Love To You"
A Portland Timbers player has won the MLS Player of the Week honors for the second consecutive week, as forward Ryan Johnson won the honor for Week 6 on Monday. Johnson's two-goal performance in the Timbers' 2-0 victory over the Houston Dynamo on Saturday gave the hosts their first win of the 2013 season, and the first competitive win under coach Caleb Porter.
Johnson narrowly topped Chicago Fire forward Maicon Santos, who scored two goals in his team's win over the New York Red Bulls on Sunday. See how the North American Soccer Reporters voted here.
Johnson is in his first season with the Timbers after being traded fromToronto FC, and notched his second and third goals for his new club in the second half of Saturday's match. He poked home Diego Chará's cross in the 55th minute to open the scoring, and he finished a 4-on-1 counterattack with a nifty shot to the upper corner in the 73rd minute to cap off Portland's victory.
Portland midfielder Will Johnson won the award in Week 5.
2013 MLS PLAYER OF THE WEEK
Week 6: Ryan Johnson (Portland Timbers)
Week 5: Will Johnson (Portland Timbers)
Week 4: Juan Agudelo (Chivas USA)
Week 3: Bill Hamid (D.C. United)
Week 2: Robert Earnshaw (Toronto FC)
Week 1: Mike Magee (LA Galaxy)
A useful little rule of thumb is that when a government manages to make money worth nothing then they've been doing something wrong. There have been hyperinflations of this kind before: Weimar Germany (no, not what brought Hitler to power, a decade before that), post WW II Hungary and of course modern Zimbabwe. Where it got so bad, at the end, that they couldn't actually print banknotes of sufficient value to purchase the ink with which to print banknotes. That's why the Z $ finally died.
Venezuela hasn't got quite that bad as yet. With the black market rate for the Bolivar Fuerte at around 400 to the US dollar the money is still worth more than the paper it is printed upon. So Reason is using a little bit of rhetorical hyperbole here, rather than strict fact:
Back in February, when the Venezuelan government introduced its official and complicated three-tier exchange rate, 190 bolivars bought you one U.S. dollar on the black market—which is where real people without government connections shop for hard currency in Caracas. Now, just a few months later, the bolivar is worth about half that much. This is a brilliant testimony to the innovative power of the government's socialist policies: faced with a crushing shortage of toilet paper, the Bolivarian regime has converted its own currency into butt-wipe.
The smallest Venezuelan note is currently the 2 bolivar, this is worth around half of a US cent. Toilet paper does not cost as much as half a US cent per sheet so, hyperbole, not strict fact at play here.
Which brings us to the idea of seigniorage. This is the profit you can make by making money. Take a sheet of that toilet paper, print 2 bolivars on it and if you're the government at least, then people will give you 2 bolivars for it. In exactly the same way that in the US some paper, some ink and the right incantations (or, more accurately, laws allowing you to do this) turns into a $100 bill. There's very good profits to be made in doing this. And those profits are called seigniorage. The profit that accrues to the moneymaker through the act of making money.
As above, it is actually possible for seigniorage to go into reverse: it did in Zimbabwe, the printed notes were worth less than the ink used to print them. Reverse seigniorage is much more common in coins though. It's happened pretty much everywhere over the past century too, as the long inflation of the 20th century passed by. In the 19th century a gold $1 coin (if such existed) was worth $1 and could be and was spent like $1. The silver dollar as well. The gold sovereign of my native UK had a nominal value of one pound and could be, and was, spent as one pound, the equal value to twenty shillings. As inflation took hold over the decades gold went out of circulation, then silver, then the partially silver coins vanished (usually mid 60s by which that happened in US and UK) and so on. Coins are now cupro-nickel, nickel silver (which doesn't contain any silver) and the lower values usually steel with a coating of some kind. This is how we've kept the currency value of coins ahead of the metals values and thus stopped people hoarding them to melt down.
It doesn't always work this way: the Russian inflation after the Soviet collapse meant that the old rouble coins were worth more than metal as coinage: I bought a couple of truck loads to melt down myself (well, not melt down myself, but send to a smelter and get paid for the metal values).
And that's the point we've got to in Venezuala. The coins are worth more than scrap metal than they are as coins. Here's a listing of the weights and compositions of those bolivar fuerte coins. And a little calculation. If it's 400 bolivars to one US$ then each bolivar is worth 0.25 cents (note, that's a quarter of a cent, not a quarter of a dollar). And 1 centimos is worth 0.0025 of a cent US.
There's 1 million grammes to a tonne (one thousand kilos of one thousand grammes each) and the one centimos coin is 1.36 grammes. Thus 735,300 one centimos coins to one tonne. This has a currency value of around $18 (735,300x 0.0025 cents, or x 0.000025 dollars). This isn't quite right because there's a copper coating on the steel blanks and dependent upon the thickness of that you might get a higher price (copper is worth more than steel) or a lower one (copper is something you don't want in steel scrap) but the steel scrap price is around $100 a tonne at the moment. So, turning the money into scrap metal makes a profit: or, the other way around, turning metal into coins loses money for the Venezuelan government. That's our reverse seigniorage.
The 50 centimos coin looks safe for the moment, its weight value being above the scrap value, but the bolivar coin looks like a very tempting indeed profit opportunity. I'm simplifying a bit, I'm not differentiating the bimetallic nature of the coin (a cupro nickel heart with a brass circlet, just treating it all as 70/30 cupro nickel) but this is still indicative. The scrap value of such cupro nickel is around $3.50 a lb, or some $7,700 a tonne. The one bolivar coin is 8 grammes, meaning 125,000 to a tonne. And the money value of one bolivar is 0.25 of a US cent. So, the value of one tonne of bolivar coins as money is 125,000 x 0.25 US cents or $312 dollars. The scrap value (roughly, recall) of those same coins is some $7,700.
A country really has come to something when robbing banks isn't the way to make money. Instead, go and make change at the bank is. Swap paper money for metal money and make a 2,000 percent profit by melting it down.
There's something called Gresham's law, bad money drives out good. And my prediction here would be that there's going to be a terrible shortage of bolivar coins real soon now in Venezuela, if there isn't already. Because people aren't dumb, if this hasn't been worked out already locally then it soon will be. And that good money, the stuff worth more than metal as as money, will disappear into the furnaces and the bad money, the paper and ink, will replace it.
Public policy comes in two flavours here. The first being that obviously the Venezuelan government should stop making at least the bolivar coins, if they haven't already. Whether they have or not would be a very interesting test of the basic competence of that government. Turning $7,000 worth of metal into $300 worth of coins just doesn't look like something sensible people would do. So, if they are doing it then we've a guide to their good sense: if they've already stopped then a guide to the fact that at least someone inside that structure has some good sense.
The second is that when this sort of situation exists we can be very certain that there's been some appalling public policy in the recent past. Because recall what actually happens here. You can walk into a bank in Venezuela with $300 worth of banknotes and someone will give you $7,000 worth of metal. Assuming they will make change for you, of course. And who would rob banks when this is true, when such profits are available entirely legally?
Another way of putting this is that the Venezuelan government is managing to subtract value from copper and nickel by turning it into money. That doesn't bode well for their other public policies, does it?
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo never saw the gunman approach the National War Memorial before he was shot at twice, says Canada's top Mountie.
RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson released details of Wednesday's shooting in Ottawa, including that the shooter ran toward the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier from the west side, while Cirillo and fellow reservist Brandon Stevenson faced south.
Paulson said the shooter was at an angle where Cirillo would not have been able to see him, and fired twice at Cirillo. He also fired once at Stevenson, but missed.
Ron Foxcroft, the honorary colonel of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada regiment, said Brandon Stevenson briefly chased the shooter before returning to the war memorial to try to revive his wounded friend. Foxcroft said he showed "tremendous bravery" in pursuing the shooter, later identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
"The only thing I know is he tried to go after the shooter. That's all I know, and I've been told that by several people,” Foxcroft said.
An image from a Facebook memorial page dedicated to slain Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, right, also shows Brandon Stevenson, who chased the gunman that fatally shot Cirillo at the National War Museum in Ottawa on Wednesday. (Facebook) “I think he just went a few yards, but the shooter had such a head start on him.”
Cirillo's cousin, Ephraim Cirillo, told CBC News in Hamilton the shooter approached the pair from behind and shot Cirillo in the back. He said he had spoken with Stevenson, a friend he went to Cardinal Newman High School with in Hamilton, on Wednesday.
Neither Stevenson nor Cirillo were armed when the attack took place. The rifles they carried as honour guards were not loaded.
Stevenson returned to Cirillo's side and tried, along with several bystanders, to revive the wounded reservist, Foxcroft said. Cirillo was transported to hospital where he died of his wounds.
The pair were both colleagues and friends, Foxcroft said. Several photos posted on a Facebook memorial page devoted to Cirillo show the two together, either in military clothing or out partying.
"They were very close. Obviously, [Stevenson] is in a state that we'd all be if we just lost our best friend," Foxcroft said, adding that the reservist is already getting grief counselling.
"We have people down there with him in Ottawa and we're arranging to get him back to Hamilton."
Sisters overcome with grief
Outside the armoury, Hamilton Mayor Bob Bratina said the Argylls sent 68 soldiers to Afghanistan and they all came back, only to lose one on home soil while serving as an honour guard. He said he visited with the family Wednesday night and spoke with Cirillo's two older sisters.
"They were grief stricken to the point where we weren't able to converse at too great a length," Bratina said, adding that Cirillo's kindergarten-age son, Marcus, was wondering why his aunts were crying.
"It's really nice to have the convenience of delivery," said Goldman, a retired teacher who orders medicinal marijuana about once a week from The Green Cross, a medical marijuana delivery service. "I trust their product, and their prices are competitive."
Since 1996, when California voters passed Proposition 215, medical marijuana has moved steadily toward mainstream acceptance.
Thirteen states, including Maine, Michigan, Montana and New Mexico, have passed laws allowing seriously ill patients access to it.
The Green Cross operates out of founder Kevin Reed's apartment. Here, 19 employees bake brownies and other "edibles" and assemble orders from a changing menu of more than 40 strains of marijuana (an ounce is $310).
"Delivery is key because some of our patients literally cannot get out of their beds," Reed said. "It's like hot pizza to me: Once an order is in, you've got to get it out the door in 20 minutes."
Source: Chicago Tribune (IL)
Author: Dana Hull, McClatchy - Tribune News
Published: July 9, 2009
Copyright: 2009 Chicago Tribune Company
Contact: ctc-TribLetter@Tribune.com
Website: http://www.chicagotribune.com/
URL: http://drugsense.org/url/9XT4ahCR
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
The “Fountainhead” Remains an Accurately Ugly Picture of Architects
Howard Roark lives on, just as the pernicious influence of Ayn Rand's novel continues to haunt the profession.
Facebook 0
Twitter
More 0
It came out in 1943, exactly 70 years ago this summer. In the movie version a few years later, Gary Cooper played Howard Roark, the character famously modeled after Frank Lloyd Wright. Since then, Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead, her “hymn in praise of the individual” (New York Times), has made legions of young people want to become architects. The late Lebbeus Woods wrote that the story “has had an immense impact on the public perception of architects and architecture, and also on architects themselves, for better and for worse.” I'd say worse. In fact, the Fountainhead remains the perfect representation of everything that's wrong with the profession.
Consider the plot. Here's the most popular story—maybe the only popular story—ever written about an architect, and in it the hero defends his right to dynamite a building because it wasn't made the way he wanted. “I destroyed it because I did not choose to let it exist,” declares Roark. At best, this is like a kid throwing a tantrum and smashing his toy blocks. At worst, it's terrorism masquerading as free speech.
Today, they say the Fountainhead is dead, but everywhere you look architects are portrayed as if they're strange and special beings, somehow more than mortal. And their views are decidedly Roarkian. Frank Gehry, the most famous architect of our time, has said that denying the architect's right to self-expression is like denying democracy. But democracy is the will of the majority, not the individual, and Ayn Rand hated democracy because she felt that it crushes personal freedom. When the lines between individualism and democracy blur, it's safe to say that Rand's ghost still haunts us.
Yes, the Fountainhead is alive and well among some architects. Call them F*heads.
To celebrate the anniversary of The Fountainhead here's a look at how it continues to characterize the most celebrated designers.
The F*heads know best—or think they do.
“[The creator] held his truth above all things and against all men.” —Howard Roark
Angel Borrego Cubero's forthcoming documentary, The Competition, chronicles the development of five starchitects' designs for one building. At the end of the trailer, Jean Nouvel, in a black hat and cloak, whispers to the director, “I hope you clearly captured the mystery and the deepness.” Delusions of profundity run rampant among the F*heads.
But the architect has no clothes.
Nouvel's Museé du Quai Branly in Paris has been touted as “green” because of its vegetated façade, but the exotic plants and hydroponics are gluttons for water—green but not sustainable. An earlier project, the Arab Institute, also in Paris, features a kinetic façade that adjusts automatically to changes in light, except that it doesn't. From the outset, the expensive system had significant problems, including failing gizmos and noisy parts, so for years the façade has been fixed in place. There's nothing “mysterious” and “deep” about squeaky windows—they're just annoying.
Last month, after Rafael Viñoly's “fry-scraper” began reflecting enough heat to cook cars and eggs on the sidewalk in London, New York magazine ran a review of other recent disasters, “When Buildings Attack.” Mishaps are so frequent, the magazine offered a graphic key to distinguish between five kinds of architecturally induced ailments: burning, glare, ice, sway, and death. Evidently, F*heads are dangerous.
Zaha Hadid channeling “mystery and deepness.”
Courtesy Cameron Sinclair
The F*heads are martyrs.
“Thousands of years ago, the first man discovered how to make fire. He was probably burned at the stake he had taught his brothers to light.”—Howard Roark whine
After the London incident, Viñoly passed the buck by blaming a “superabundance of consultants” he says he didn't want: “Architects aren't architects anymore,” he whined. “You need consultants for everything. In this country there's a specialist to tell you if something reflects.” He didn't explain how the same thing happened in Las Vegas a few years ago, when his Vdara hotel was scorching sunbathers.
Martyr complexes are common among the F*heads, who complain about loss of control. In a recent lecture, Rem Koolhaas reportedly lamented about the architect's waning power, the draining certainty that “things will be as you want them.” And Gehry gripes, “I don't know why people hire architects and then tell them what to do.”
The creator, announces Roark, “needs no other men.” But architects really do “need consultants for everything” because no single person or profession knows everything, and listening to the rest of the team might help avoid, say, unwittingly roasting the neighbors.
The F*heads don't care about you.
“The creator serves nothing and no one. He lives for himself.” —Howard Roark
Anyone who has ever toured any Frank Lloyd Wright house has heard the same old stories about the roof leaking on the dining table, the owner asking the architect for help, and Wright's reply: “Move the table.” The price of genius? Wet furniture.
In the past couple of years, after nearly a decade of development, Pritzker-winner Rem Koolhaas finally oversaw completion of the CCTV Tower in Beijing. Its broken-trellis façade streaks terribly from rain and soot, and very little of the interior has been leased, so the owners are commissioning other architects to make the interior more habitable. Last fall, the Huffington Post called CCTV one of “the world's ugliest skyscrapers,” “a 44-story Mobius strip of awfulness.”
Yet, in 2010, a group of elite architects voted CCTV one of the most important buildings of the past 30 years, and New York Times architecture critic Nicolai Ouroussoff hailed it as possibly “the greatest work of architecture built in this century.” Describing the building as “an eloquent architectural statement about China's headlong race into the future,” Ouroussoff revealed the elitism that characterizes much of architectural theory. Do communities want architects (especially foreign ones) to create “statements” about them, or would they prefer their surroundings to nourish and enrich their lives?
All of these raises an essential question: What is the purpose of design? Is it meant to please the designer, or is it meant to please everyone else—the people who actually live and work in or around buildings? Architectural historian Peter Collins once wrote that behind the original notion of taste—both aesthetic and culinary—was a basic desire to please the consumer, a value that has all but disappeared in contemporary architecture, which tends to develop around the designer's capricious interests. But, as Collins put it, to focus on personal expression is like judging an omelet by the chef's passion for breaking eggs; or frying them in the street.
The F*heads seem to believe that the only relevant measure of their work is whether they like it, because the opinions of the rest of us don't matter.
Move the table.
Lance Hosey is chief sustainability officer with the global design practice RTKL. His latest book is The Shape of Green: Aesthetics, Ecology, and Design (Island Press, 2012).
This idea has been simmering in the collective thoughts of the TLG crew for some time now, and last night was our first opportunity to test out our patented, sure-fire-kill-you-dead drinking game for "The Wicker Man".
Most importantly, you need a copy of the 2006 version of The Wicker Man, starring today's hottest bad-movie beacon, Nicolas Cage. You can play with either the theatrical version or the director's cut, the latter of which being the recommended simply because the movie's concluding ten minutes consists of almost continuous drinking.
We split the rules into two different games based on skill level. Be warned: you may be required to drink more than a twelve-pack, so choose your alcohol of choice wisely. A near-beer will be suitable to get terribly shitfaced in the span of ninety minutes.
THE WICKER MAN DRINKING GAME
NOVICE RULES
Take a drink every time the following happens:
1. Nic Cage pops pills.
2. Nic Cage strikes anything with intent to damage (this includes people also).
3. Willow (the wife) fails to complete a sentence.
INSANITY RULES
These rules are entirely subjective, so the easiest way to determine when to take a drink is by group concensus.
1. Nic Cage raises his voice.
2. Nic Cage makes an unreasonable demand.
3. Nic Cage fails at anything. (There are scenes where all three of these will occur at once)
BONUS! Also include novice rules.
FUN ADDITIONAL RULES!
Feel free to add these into your game, they happen quite frequently throughout the movie.
- Anything gets hit by a truck.
- Nic Cage stares at anything of little to no importance.
- Nic Cage fails to make a reaction.
- Anytime someone says any variation of the word "burn".
Drink responsibly.
-Chris
Totally Luminescent Gauchos
The weather in the off-season, as everyone is painfully aware, was not cooperative. I did not finish the kart until the week before our first race and then we just had to trust that it was done right. Last year, we were able to start practicing in February. Not so lucky this year. The weeks before this race we worked to get the kart ready and get back in to the rhythm of racing. We had to collect accessories parts and tools, check the weather obsessively, find the awning and chairs, try on and pack race gear, plan drinks and snacks, etc.. Finally on Friday night, we loaded it all into the truck set out for the track early Saturday.
Jason grew this winter, which is not surprising for an 8 year old. But this meant he needed a bigger seat and a new suit. A kart seat is like skate or ski boots – it needs to fit tight so the driver has good support and control – but it also means kids grow out of them quickly. A race kart is a finely balanced machine and changing the seat also changes everything else on the kart, from the motor to the steering wheel and pedals. Everything needs to be adjusted to accommodate to the driver's new size and position. We also bought a new motor to replace the used one we ran for the last 2 years, and which was a few years old when we got it. I would have preferred to have set it up and tested it in practice conditions but sometimes you just need to work with the time you have.
In order to prepare for the season, we headed to Concept Haulers Motor Speedway for their first race. We needed to get some track time in to make sure the kart is ready for the more challenging Mid-State Sprint Series. For our first run at practice we focused on just breaking in the new motor and remembering the track. To break in a motor you need to run it under load (drive it) over a wide range of conditions, fast, slow, light acceleration, heavy acceleration with standard car oil. Between the first and second practice session I removed the break-in oil and poured in the 4T Amsoil that we normally race with. Jason, drove the kart like he had never been away and the kart handled great. All of the test fittings in the basement really paid off.
This race brought some new friends and some old ones. Chad (#56), Kyle (#26), Logan (#27) are back. Racers Ryan (#99) and Skyler (#5) are new to the sport, though Skyler has some indoor racing under her belt. Finally, Sophia (#83), Skyler's older sister was a great addition to the group. She has a lot of indoor experience and was very smooth and fast. It was shaping up to be a great racing day. The only issue during practice was when the right king pin on Kyle's kart shattered as he drove over the tunnel. It caused him to lose a wheel and he slid off the track into the mid-field. Thankfully, everyone was unharmed and the kart was fixed but not quite the same for the rest of the day.
After the usual drivers meeting and opening ceremony the races got under way. Jason was scheduled to start the first heat in 7th position, but he swapped to 6th with Skyler because it was her first race and she is a very green driver. This spot was actually very good for him because it meant he will start the second heat on the pole. If he does well in both heats, he should be on the pole for the feature. After a rough start with stalled motors and confusion, Jason leapt from 6th right up to to 4th trailing behind Kyle, Chad and Logan on the green. Sophia caught and passed Jason at the end of the first lap and Logan got by Chad. At the end of the next lap Kyle, Logan, and Chad all slide into the infield as they entered turn 13 in a slow tangle of karts. This left Sophie in the lead and Jason in 2nd. Jason chased Sophie for another lap until they came up on Skyler's very slow kart on the hill again. Jason was able to get by Sophie in turn 14, but got bogged down by Skyler between turn 2 and 3, and Sophie took the lead again. Jason passed Skyler in turn three and took off after Sophie until the last lap where he set up turn 4 just right to pass her in the back straight. From there, it was straight on home to the checkered flag for the the first win on the season.
For the second heat they reverse the order of the first so Jason started on the pole. He got a great start and led the 6 lap heat all the way to the last corner of he last lap. Chad had been running hard and caught up with Jason just as they caught the slower Skyler. Jason checked his brakes to avoid hitting her, but that caused Chad to bump the rear of Jason's kart. Jason spun off the track and stalled out the engine. He ended up in last, after a really great run. Disappointing but understandable.
With the win in the first heat and the last in the second heat Jason was placed in the third position behind Chad and Sophie. This was just about the worst place for him to start the feature. It was going to be tough to get by both of these skilled drivers. At the green they got a good start: Chad and Sophie followed by Jason. Chad started to pull away as Jason worked at finding the edge around Sophie. In the 6th lap Jason at last passed her in the backstretch. She made one attempt to undercut and gave him a little bump in the hairpin but he hung on and kept driving the line. Even with 6 more laps there was not enough time for him to catch Chad – he was just too far ahead. Jason finished his first race of the 2014 season with a mighty fist pump as he crossed the finish line.
Aside from enjoying another race, the main goal for this day was to test the kart and team as we get ready for the Mid-American Sprint Series on April 11th. On Thursday, we will be leaving for Mid-State Kart Club in Springfield, IL for the first of 5 race weekends, allowing us some practice time on Friday. Some of the best Briggs LO206 teams in the Midwest are expected. It is going to be a very challenging weekend.
Thanks to Brandon Kline for giving us some much-needed advice and support; he really helped tune Jason back to the track. The new Concept Haulers Track Tech, Marty Murray who is going to be a wonderful asset to the already great crew. Most importantly, to my supportive wife and daughter who let us boys play together all summer long.
Share this:
Tweet
Iniesta settled an ill-tempered final in extra time, to hand Spain their first ever World Cup victory, after the Dutch squad attempted to counter their opponent's technical excellence by fair means and foul.
English referee Howard Webb handed out 14 yellow cards during the match and was still criticised in some quarters for being too lenient.
None more so than in a first half when Van Bommel committed a series of cynical fouls and De Jong planted his studs on Xabi Alonso's chest. Red cards would have been appropriate.
Iniesta, who along with fellow Barcelona midfielder Xavi, was central to Spain's possession football, came in for particularly brutal punishment.
He was lucky himself not to go in to the referee's notebook when he reacted angrily to one of many assaults from Van Bommel, and the pictures filmed on Spain's journey home pay testament to the attention he received.
The Obama administration has called Fox News “a wing of the Republican Party” but even the White House might be surprised to find out that more than 30 network personalities have supported GOP candidates this year.
A new report by the liberal group Media Matters claims that in more than 600 instances Fox News personalities have “endorsed, raised money, or campaigned for Republican candidates or organizations.”
Some of the personalities are Fox News contributors that have been Republican candidates or worked for Republican administrations in the past. It's probably no surprise that Monica Crowley, Newt Gingrich, Mike Huckabee, Sarah Palin, Dana Perino, Karl Rove and Rick Santorum have endorsed or otherwise supported Republican candidates.
Huckabee alone has endorsed 113 candidates. Palin has endorsed 93 and Gingrich has endorsed 41.
Other personalities highlighted are Fox News hosts that have well known conservative views. Glenn Beck has spoken in favor of Kentucky Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul, Connecticut Republican Senate candidate Linda McMahon, and Minnesota Republican congressional candidate Michele Bachmann.
Media Matters notes that Sean Hannity has lent his support for eight candidates as well as a March fundraiser for the National Republican Congressional Committee and a book signing at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference.
Eric Bolling, Laura Ingraham, Brian Kilmeade, Andrew Napolitano and Stuart Varney were other personalities mentioned that regularly host or guest host shows on Fox News or Fox Business Network.
The report will most likely add fuel to the argument that Fox News is a biased organization. In October 2009, the White House briefly stopped doing interviews with the channel.
Among the 30?
Fred Barnes, Fox News contributor
Glenn Beck, host of Fox News' Glenn Beck
Eric Bolling, host of Fox Business' Follow the Money
John Bolton, Fox News contributor
Tammy Bruce, Fox News contributor
Elaine Chao, Fox News contributor
Monica Crowley, Fox News contributor
Mike Gallagher, Fox News contributor
Newt Gingrich, Fox News contributor
Sean Hannity, host of Fox News' Hannity
Mike Huckabee, host of Fox News' Huckabee and Twentieth Television's The Huckabee Show
David Hunt, Fox News contributor
Laura Ingraham, Fox News contributor
John Kasich, former host and contributor
Brian Kilmeade, co-host of Fox News' Fox & Friends and host of Fox News Radio's Kilmeade & Friends
William Kristol, Fox News contributor
Michelle Malkin, Fox News contributor
KT McFarland, Fox News national security analyst and host of FoxNews.com's DEFCON 3
Angela McGlowan, Fox News contributor
Dennis Miller, Fox News contributor
Dick Morris, Fox News contributor
Rupert Murdoch, CEO and chairman of News Corp., parent company of Fox News
Andrew Napolitano, Fox News senior judicial analyst and host of Fox Business' Freedom Watch
Sarah Palin, Fox News contributor and host of Fox News' Real American Stories
Dana Perino, Fox News contributor
Dave Ramsey, listed Fox Business personality and former host of Fox Business' The Dave Ramsey Show (through June)
Sandy Rios, Fox News contributor
Karl Rove, Fox News contributor
Rick Santorum, Fox News contributor
Doug Schoen, Fox News contributor
Andrea Tantaros, Fox News contributor
Stuart Varney, Fox News contributor and host of Fox Business' Varney & Co.
“Fox News often operates almost as either the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican Party,” said White House communications director Anita Dunn.
Later that month, a Pew poll found that Americans believed the network to be the most ideological channel with 47 percent saying it was “mostly conservative.”
In January, Public Policy Polling survey found that Fox News was the most trusted of all news networks. 49 percent said they trust Fox News while 37 percent said they did not.
Here are some flyers Media Matters drudged up of Fox personalities using their affiliations in fundraisers:
Read Media Matters' full report here.
