|
Turkey's View Turns Towards the East
By Peter Edel
Earlier this year NATO stationed American, German and Dutch Patriot air defense systems in Turkey, to offer protection against an unlikely missile attack from Syria. Turkish defense specialists were introduced this way to the special qualities of the Patriots. A fortunate concurrence of circumstances, since Turkey is in the market for its own air defense system. Raytheon, the American producer of the Patriots, cooperated with the Turkish defense industry before and was preparing the contracts already.
Turkey's ruling justice and Development Party (AKP) decided differently. No Patriots for Turkey, at least not for the time being. Instead the Turkish government is interested in the Chinese equivalent of the Patriot. Turkey's NATO allies were amazed. A NATO country with a Chinese weapon is something bizarre to begin with, but there are also practical objections. The Chinese system is simply not compatible with the NATO infrastructure. It does not connect to the early warning system of NATO, which is designed to protect Europe and Israel from evil plans made in Iran. In other words, Turkey can shoot with Chinese missiles, but is not able to locate its target.
Because the friend/foe detection system used by NATO does not connect with the Chinese air defense missiles, it is also difficult to combine them with Turkey's F-16 fighter jets. Another complicating factor is that NATO does not want to see the top-secret data of the friend/foe system end up in Chinese hands. The Turkish plans will certainly be seen as a risk factor in this respect.
Turkey mentioned (acceptable) technology and low price as advantages of the Chinese proposition. The Turkish defense industry could also obtain valuable know-how through a deal with China. However, the advantages do not compensate for the incompatibility with systems used by other NATO countries. Ankara must be quite aware of this. It has been said that the Turkish government pretends interest in the Chinese system to push western weapon manufacturers into offering better delivery conditions. But even if that's the case, it remains interesting that Turkey plays this maneuver through China.
The understanding between China and Turkey has its ups and downs. There's a conflict about the Uighur people in the Xinjiang province, who are in cultural and religious ways related to Turks. The Turkish government supports their struggle for independence, which of course annoys China. Violent repression against protesting Uyghurs in 2009 was followed by sharp Turkish condemnations of China. PM Erdoğan spoke of genocide, while his trade minister called for a boycott of Chinese products.
However, the following year relations between the two countries improved suddenly, resulting in agreements on trade and the exchange of technology. Furthermore, Turkey became a dialogue partner last year of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO), a Eurasian security organization of China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. The SCO treaty includes cultural and economic cooperation, but the members are also participating in collective military drills. In this respect the SCO is seen as a counterpart to NATO. That's why international observers took it as quite extraordinary when Turkey established official relations with the SCO.
PM Erdoğan described Turkey's decision to become a dialogue partner of the SCO as a signal expressing the Turkish (im) patience concerning EU membership. Erdoğan's statement had something of a threat: speed up the EU accession process, or NATO loses a partner. The recent Turkish interest in air defense missiles manufactured in China is a similar signal.
But Turkey won't resign from NATO overnight. Erdoğan may have joked with Russian President Putin about full-fledged SCO membership for Turkey, but in the short run severe differences of opinion are ruling this possibility out. On Syria the approaches are extremely different for instance. Turkey wants an end to Bashar Al-Assad's regime as soon as possible, while China, Russia and Iran (which has an observer status in the SCO) are having more understanding for the situation of the Syrian president - to say the least.
But the differences may be temporarily. In the long run Turkey could very well grow towards the SCO. The ‘international conspiracy' government representatives were seeking behind Istanbul's Gezi park protest is significant. The ease by which the US and the EU were believed to be part of a scheme against Turkey indicates the changes in the perception of the outside world. If this anti-western stance continues, European politicians may have to consider how, and in which form Turkey can be kept on board. Or in the longer run there may be the risk that this strategically situated country with its fast growing economy will be absorbed by an eastern sphere of influence.
From an anti-imperialist point of view it could of course be amusing to see NATO lose one of its most valued members. Yet, Turkey's turn towards the East could also have grave effects on the human rights situation. For the SCO is not expected to punish Turkey for human right violations the way the European Court for Human Rights (ECHR) is used to. Therefore, a stronger alliance with the SCO will give free rein to undemocratic tendencies in Turkey. In other words, the move towards the East does not seem to augur very well for Turks cherishing western liberties and European democratic standards.
# # # #
Peter Edel is an analyst and investigative journalist based in the Netherlands. He is a regular contributor to Boiling Frogs Post.
For me, this game turned on one move: When Frank Yallop went to his bench to insert more offense, he had Alex at his disposal. Atlanta did not.
Alex, Chicago's Brazilian midfielder still working his way back from injury, dramatically altered the Fire's makeup after coming on in the 80th minute, bursting with ideas and leading a late-game Chicago renaissance, as cf97 pulled away late to win, 3-1, in the US Open Cup quarterfinals.
The host Silverbacks gave as good as they got for 75 minutes against a nearly first-choice XI from the Fire. Despite losing three starting attackers to red-card suspension, Atlanta looked more comfortable on the ball than Chicago, with Blair Gavin particularly influential against a cf97 midfield that seemed half a thought and half a step off the pace. In contrast, the Men in Red had familiar problems keeping the ball, displaying an alarming tendency to cough the ball up even on the least adventurous of simple possession passes. More worrying, Atlanta had clearly seen film of Columbus' 3-0 public execution of the Fire, as they found space again and again behind Greg Cochrane on their right flank.
In short, Chicago were outplayed early on. Mike Magee responded to the team's ineffectualness with frustration, losing the plot entirely in the 30th minute after getting no call on a foul by Mike Randolph. Magee - who had spent a good bit of the previous five minutes with arms extended, berating the officials - kicked out at Randolph, who had run on past, but whiffed. Atlanta provided the actual thuggery, true to their reputation, as Jesus Gonzalez ran to the defense of the area just behind Randolph's legs, slugging Magee. Both were sent packing, and the game would finish 10-v-10.
Insanely, sacrificing the 2013 MLS MVP in exchange for a midfielder starting in the NASL worked in the Fire's favor. Atlanta tried to rework their shape on the fly, while Chicago opted to simply play with a single striker and maintain a staid, boring, but stable 4-4-1. The hosts' rhythm in the final third never hit the same flowing heights after Gonzalez' dismissal.
The Fire broke the draw shortly after halftime. Harrison Shipp spun a low in-swinging corner into the box which Jeff Larentowicz glanced onto goal. Atlanta keeper Derby Carrillo spilled the rebound almost onto Quincy Amarikwa's feet, and he made no mistake, roofing it from five yards out. 0-1, Fire, and 40 minutes from a semifinal.
Nothing is ever easy with this team, of course. It goes without saying that Deon McCaulay equalized not four minutes later, right? (At some level, though, as a fan of the game, the equalizer was exactly what the game needed - spare a thought for the horrors which might have lay on the other side of, say, the 60th minute and the Fire still leading 1-0. Picture five defensive midfielders surrendering possession, lined up five yards in front of the area, forever. Their effort is etched on their faces. The pain, on ours.)
Half-chances came and went until Alex came aboard. The Fire were playing with four attacking players, reduced to three after Magee; Shipp in particular was hamstrung by a lack of willing foils for his intricate combinations and measured through-balls. The introduction pf Alex - for club legend Logan Pause, whose play oscillated between comedy and pathos - changed the mixture just enough.
It started with something as simple as his positioning. Alex, pressing higher up the field, naturally bumped Shipp a bit higher - meaning Shipp was on hand when the Silverhawks fluffed a clearance in the 81st. Shipp slid a ball into recent signee Matt Fondy, on in relief of Amarikwa, and Fondy kept the ball on an arcing dribble through the penalty area which finally saw him scythed down. Larentowicz stung the penalty kick, and a host of people wearing red shirts with a white stripe across the chest breathed just a bit easier: 1-2 Chicago, and less than 10 minutes left.
The insurance goal was a lively bit of opportunism. Atlanta were clearly going to be overcommitted, down a goal in a knockout competition, so when Alex ran onto a bad pass, he displayed little hesitation. Surging through the left channel, he fed Grant Ward, who was flying in from the left wing. Ward's sharp right-footed shot was saved, but left Carrillo little chance to hold on. Alex, trailing, was left the simplest of finishes to kill the game off.
The Fire now must travel to the Pacific northwest for the semifinals of the Cup; they will play the winner of this evening's Seattle-Portland matchup on August 13. They'll need to be better, but it's a cup competition - anything can happen.
The shortlist of candidates for the 2016 Person of the Year—TIME's annual selection of the person who most influenced the news, for better or for worse—was revealed Monday morning on NBC's Today.
In alphabetical order, the 11 candidates chosen by TIME magazine's editors are:
Simone Biles
Making her Olympic debut in Rio de Janeiro, the talented 19-year-old gymnast earned four gold medals and one bronze, leading her “Final Five” team to victory and affirming her status as the best in the world.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Hillary Clinton
The former First Lady, New York Senator and Secretary of State became the first woman to receive the U.S. presidential nomination of a major political party, going on to lose the election but win the popular vote—the culmination of a hard-fought, divisive presidential race.
CRISPR Scientists
These scientists have developed a groundbreaking new technology that can edit DNA, a technique that has the potential to transform science and the human experience, as it could be used to find and remove mutations responsible for incurable diseases.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
After an attempted military coup failed in July, the Turkish president has tightened control over the country, arresting political opponents, firing thousands of state employees and shutting down news organizations.
Nigel Farage
As head of the U.K. Independence Party, Farage was a face of the successful campaign for Britain to leave the European Union, positioning the referendum as the start of a global populist wave against the political establishment.
The Flint Whistleblowers
Local residents, along with civil-engineering professor Marc Edwards and local pediatrician Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha, blew the whistle on the lead-poisoned water in Flint, Mich., drawing national attention to an environmental crisis that still has yet to be fully resolved.
Beyoncé Knowles
With a headline-worthy Super Bowl halftime performance, a world tour and a powerful second visual album, Lemonade, Beyoncé continued to surprise and provoke a global audience, using her platform to speak out about racial injustice, police violence and feminism.
Narendra Modi
At the head of a powerful government, the Indian Prime Minister has guided his country's economy into position as the “emerging-market world's most positive story.” Late in the year, however, he also stoked concern when he unexpectedly banned 500- and 1,000-rupee bills—a move that aimed to curb untaxed wealth but now threatens to slow the country's economic growth.
Vladimir Putin
The Russian president made headlines this year with his country's intervention in Syria and evidence showing that Russian operatives were responsible for the hack of Democratic National Committee servers.
Donald Trump
After campaigning as an anti-establishment, populist candidate, Trump was elected the 45th President of the United States—a stunning end to a presidential bid that repeatedly broke with political precedent.
Mark Zuckerberg
In the year that Facebook surpassed the 1 billion mobile daily users mark, the social-media titan has an unprecedented global reach. The CEO has also faced pressure to take responsibility for the site's role in spreading fake or misleading news, amid criticism that those stories influenced the outcome of the U.S. presidential election.
The 2016 Person of the Year will be unveiled on Today on Wednesday morning, when the news will also be shared on Time.com.
Write to Katie Reilly at Katie.Reilly@time.com.
Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson listens as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry speaks during a press conference at the Foreign Office in London, Britain, July 19, 2016. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
By William James and David Brunnstrom
LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Tuesday it would take far too long for him to apologize for the "rich thesaurus" of rude comments and insults he has directed at world leaders and others over the years.
Johnson, a former journalist with a talent for trenchant comments that his critics say sometimes tip over into untruth, said his utterances over a three-decade career had often been "misconstrued".
Appointed foreign secretary, to widespread surprise, in a government reshuffle following Britain's vote to leave the European Union last month, Johnson first made his name in the early 1990s as a foreign correspondent in Brussels writing highly colored stories about the EU.
Since then he has continued to court controversy, for example accusing U.S. President Barack Obama of nurturing an ancestral dislike for the British empire. He also wrote an obscene limerick about President Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey.
In the run-up to the referendum, he fronted the campaign to leave the EU, lending support to claims on government spending and immigration that critics said were at best misleading.
Appearing at a London news conference with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, Johnson was asked if he was going to apologize for his disobliging remarks about world leaders.
"We can spend an awfully long time going over lots of stuff that I've written over the last 30 years ... all of which in my view has been taken out of context, but never mind, some serious issues call us today," Johnson said.
He was then asked if he wanted to retract his comments about Obama, or whether they were an indication of the kind of diplomacy he intended to practise in his new job.
"I'm afraid that there is such a rich thesaurus now of things that I have said that have been one way or another, through what alchemy I do not know, somehow misconstrued that it would really take me too long to engage in a fully global itinerary of apology to all concerned," Johnson responded.
He stuck to his guns, even when accused by another reporter of having a long history of exaggerations and "frankly outright lies".
"Let me just repeat my point, which is that I think people are more than welcome to rake over stuff I've written over many, many years but I think (the) most important thing is to get on with the very heavy agenda we have before us today, and to try and sort out, if we can, some of the intensifying problems we are seeing particularly in Syria."
Johnson on two occasions said that one of the issues he would be seeking to tackle was the burgeoning "crisis in Egypt". It was not clear what he was talking about, but the foreign office said he had intended to say Egypt.
Johnson was clearly not surprised by the questioning on his past remarks from the British and U.S. media. He tried to brush off the first couple of questions with a prepared answer but became more irritated.
He did get a break from Kerry, who said the U.S. ambassador in Brussels had referred to Johnson as a "very smart and capable man". Kerry added: "That's the Boris Johnson I intend to work with."
"I can live with that," said a rather sheepish-looking Johnson, prompting Kerry to reply: "It's called diplomacy Boris."
(Reporting by Sarah Young, Costas Pitas and Guy Faulconbridge; writing by Giles Elgood; editing by Stephen Addison and Kate Holton)
We've written before about the tough job market for recent law-school graduates. The climate is hard partly because of the weak economy, but also partly because the nation's law schools are churning out many more lawyers than the economy needs even in the long run.
Now a few researchers have tried to quantify exactly how big that surplus is.
The numbers were crunched by Economic Modeling Specialists Inc. (also known as EMSI), a consulting company that focuses on employment data and economic analysis. The company's calculations were based on the number of people who passed the bar exam in each state in 2009, versus an estimate of annual job openings for lawyers in those states. They also looked at data from the Department of Education on law school graduates each year to get another measure of the quantity of new lawyers. Estimates for the number of openings is based on data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Census Bureau.
According to this model, every state but Wisconsin and Nebraska (plus Washington, D.C.) is producing many more lawyers than it needs. (See table after the jump for full data, and additional caveats.)
In fact, across the country, there were twice as many people who passed the bar in 2009 (53,508) as there were openings (26,239). A separate estimate for the number of lawyers produced in 2009 — the number of new law-school graduates, according to the National Center for Education Statistics — also showed a surplus, although it was not quite as large (44,159 new law grads compared with 26,239 openings).
In raw numbers, New York has the greatest legal surplus by far.
In 2009, 9,787 people passed the bar exam in the Empire State. The analysts estimated, though, that New York would need only 2,100 new lawyers each year through 2015. That means that if New York keeps minting new lawyers apace, it will continue having an annual surplus of 7,687 lawyers.
California and New Jersey have the next largest gluts of new lawyers, according to EMSI.
As noted above, not every state is overproducing lawyers. Nebraska appears to have a small deficit of lawyers. Wisconsin is also listed as having a deficit according to the number of people who passed the bar exam, but the bar-passers figure may not be a good metric (as noted by many readers in response to an earlier version of this post). Graduates of University of Wisconsin Law School and Marquette University Law School, in Milwaukee, do not have to take the bar exam in order to practice law, so there may be many new lawyers not counted in this figure. Note that the Education Department's figures for the number of people who completed law school in Wisconsin is far higher, and would indicate that Wisconsin too has a surplus of new attorneys.
The place list with the biggest shortage is the District of Columbia, which is projected to have 618 new jobs opening annually for lawyers for the next few years, but had only 273 bar-passers in 2009. But as several readers observed in the comments, the District of Columbia waives in lawyers who are barred in other states, meaning that these figures probably underestimate the number of newly-minted lawyers in the nation's capital. (If you know how to calculate a better estimate for this figure, please e-mail us.)
The District of Columbia has the highest median wage for lawyers in the country: $70.96 an hour.
GST distribution a scandal as WA's hard-earned dollars go to other states: Defence Minister David Johnston
Updated
The Federal Defence Minister has used his address to the West Australian Liberals conference in Perth to criticise the GST distribution system, labelling it a "scandal".
WA Senator David Johnston told delegates he was outraged the state's "hard-earned" dollars were going to other states.
"The outrage of the numbers and the destination of our hard-earned revenue to other states and territories is a scandal that only we really understand and are prepared to fight for," he said.
Earlier, Premier Colin Barnett reiterated his criticism of the system.
He told party members WA was losing $3.7 billion a year while propping up other states such as Tasmania, which he said struggled due to its own problems.
Mr Barnett said the state's money was also going to "fat cats" in Canberra.
Tasmania struggles mainly because of their own problems and bad decisions but we give them $500 million. Colin Barnett
He urged the Federal Government to take financial responsibility for the Northern Territory and the ACT "like it used to".
"The rules around the rate of the GST and what items are included does require the approval of every state and territory," Mr Barnett said.
"But the distribution, the sharing of the $50 billion between the states, is the responsibility of the Federal Treasurer.
"So my argument is not with the other states, it is with the Commonwealth Government and the Federal Treasurer.
"The GST has now degenerated into a Commonwealth tax on Western Australia; we lose $3.7 billion a year... $500 million to Tasmania, $750 million goes from here to South Australia, but incredibly $600 million to Queensland and $140 million to Canberra itself.
"The system is fundamentally broken and it is critical for the efficient operation of the Australian federation and today I made it clear: this is a tax on Western Australia."
South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill says his state does not need or want Mr Barnett's sympathy.
"What we need is a system of GST distribution based on the principle of one Australia - which means that wherever you live in this country you can expect a similar level of basic services," he said.
"Your standard of living in Australia should not depend on you living near a big mine."
Tasmania to fiercely oppose changes to distribution: Hodgman
Tasmanian Premier Will Hodgman said WA should not make fixing its budget his state's problem.
"It's a bit rich coming from a state that has previously been a net-beneficiary of the GST, but is now experiencing a downturn in revenue," he said.
"We will fiercely oppose any changes to horizontal fiscal equalisation and suggest those with short memories in Western Australia recognise that what goes around comes."
Outside the Liberal conference, the Mr Barnett was asked whether his federal colleagues, such as WA senator Mathias Cormann, should be fighting harder for change.
"Absolutely they should, and as I said in the conference, it would be an embarrassment for the Liberal party if Clive Palmer and the Palmer United Party took up this issue, because after all they did campaign on it in the WA senate election," he said.
Last week WA treasurer Mike Nahan urged business and government to stop investing in Tasmania's north-west.
"It's better to put a $1 investment in Karratha than north-west Tasmania," he said.
Topics: federal---state-issues, government-and-politics, state-parliament, states-and-territories, tax, business-economics-and-finance, wa, tas, sa
First posted
29:04.
That's how far 2014 first round pick Dylan Larkin is into his young NHL career. After making the team out of camp, the journey officially began with one of the biggest ovations of the opening ceremonies Friday night in Detroit. Just a hometown kid playing with his childhood heroes living the dream in front of his family.
But he wasn't just playing bottom six minutes.
He was on the captain Henrik Zetterberg's top line wing with signs in the crowd in bold letters proudly printing “LARKIN: Born to be a Red Wing” and “LARKIN is the future.” Scary stuff for a guy who was a freshman playing college hockey just eight months before. His first NHL game also would entail the first battle of many between head coaches Jeff Blashill and Mike Babcock, with the latter returning to Detroit after departing for Toronto in May and with Blashill coaching his first NHL contest.
After Justin Abdelkader put the Red Wings ahead less than two minutes into the game, Larkin seemed to settle in after having a nervous first couple of shifts.
“You're just trying to focus not to fall. First shift, I tied my skates too tight. My toes, weren't really feeling them. After that I kind of settled in and felt pretty comfortable.”
-Dylan Larkin
Catching a pass from the captain and showing off his speed through the neutral zone, the 19-year old showed off his puck control.
via GIPHY
Moments later…
via GIPHY
Great forecheck to force the turnover, and a bullet pass to complete a great shift and first NHL point. With his confidence building, the effortless skating skill took over.
via GIPHY
This skill would earn him a moment he will not soon forget and a dream he probably played a million times over in his head growing up a Red Wings fan.
via GIPHY
Showing off those college kid wheels, Larkin had a goal and an assist a period and change into his NHL career. He would finish with the two points, a +3 rating, and six(!) shots in 13:42 of ice time in a debut that Larkin struggled to put into words himself.
“I was named onto the opening night roster…From there it was excitement. [With] my family coming to town, it was a lot, but to win 4-0 and score my first goal? I couldn't have it any better.”
For Larkin and his team, however, there was not much time to celebrate. There was a game to be played in Carolina the next night, a first real taste of the professional life for the kid in the form of traveling with the team. Getting to the hotel at 3:00 am and having to play hockey the next night after playing a full game the night before is certainly a wake-up call.
In the midst of getting outshot 30-5 through the first half of the game, the combination of Larkin and Zetterberg helped to ensure that the sixth shot put on the board by the Red Wings would truly count.
via GIPHY
Not many 19-year olds coming into the League can skate full speed into the zone and deliver a lead pass as simple and effective as the one Larkin dished to Zetterberg on the half wall to make the play happen. As most of the team did, Larkin showed some signs of fatigue, as there were turnovers and struggle with puck control at times.
However, with the Wings down 2-1 Blashill decided to put the Waterford native with Tomas Tatar and Teemu Pulkkinen, a move that paid huge dividends. The line would score the next two goals, with Pulkkinen getting both to put the Wings ahead. The speed of Larkin, skill of Tatar, and scoring ability of the back-to-back AHL 30-goal scorer seemed to complement each other nicely, and it showed on the shot clock. The Wings fired 11 shots to the goal in the third period, three more than they had in the entire game up to that point.
The away team would come away victorious 4-3, with Larkin adding to his totals from the night before tallying one assist, four shots, and another +3 in an increased 15:22 of ice time. He did take his first penalty on a lazy high stick, but the Wings' penalty kill bailed him out like they did the team for the better part of the game.
All told, Mr. Larkin leads the team in shot attempt ratio with a +6 and is tied for 2nd in SAT-for with 12 to his one time linemate Zetterberg. He's tallied a goal and two assists in his first couple games, with his speed, creativity, and patience impressing.
“He didn't make the team because he played good in preseason. The preseason for me was the final evaluation test that he passed. He was a Big Ten rookie of the year. … played in the world juniors, then the world championships.”
-Red Wings GM Ken Holland
“He's such a good player, he proved every bit as good. He's a great player. For a teenager to make the opening day roster, it's out of the norm.”
-Justin Abdelkader
It will be interesting to see where both line up against Tampa Bay or if the switch made in the third period will stay in effect. It is a very small sample size for #71, and the first two opponents the Wings have faced are not what one would call contenders. But, a good test is coming on Tuesday in the form of the Tampa Bay Lightning.
A test the 19-year old will certainly be up for after a weekend to remember.
Main Photo:
Quote courtesy of Detroit Free Press
.gifs made via Giphy and YT user @awood40
stats courtesy of NHL.com and ESPN
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Joshua Roberts/Reuters, Yuri Gripas/Reuters, Joshua Roberts/Reuters.
These are dark times in Trumpworld. Politico reports that President Trump “is using his relatively light schedule to watch TV and fume about the latest scandal,” which makes him sound very relatable but also very sad. The New York Times, meanwhile, offers a portrait of a White House crippled by infighting and completely unable to keep its story straight in the wake of new revelations about Donald Trump Jr.'s apparent eagerness to cooperate—some would say collude—with the Russian government to give his father's presidential campaign a boost.
Want to listen to this article out loud? Hear it on Slate Voice.
Listen to an audio recording of this article Get Slate Voice, the spoken edition of the magazine. In addition to this article, you'll hear a daily selection of our best stories, handpicked by our editors and voiced by professional narrators. Your Slate Voice podcast feed To listen to an audio recording of this article, copy this link and add it to your podcast app: For full instructions see the Slate Plus podcasts FAQ.
Advertisement
I have no insight into what the Trump clan will do to contain the damage in the days to come. What I'm more interested in is how Republicans in Congress might react to the ongoing Trump meltdown. Will they abandon the president en masse? Will they stick with him until the bitter end? I'd divvy GOP lawmakers up into three main categories: those who see themselves as potential Trump successors; swing staters who fear for their political survival; and the GOP leadership in the House and Senate, who care first and foremost about passing legislation.
A short while ago, I argued that ambitious Republicans should start laying the groundwork for a 2020 campaign right now. The obvious counterargument is that even contemplating a primary challenge against Trump is hilariously premature, as he continues to enjoy the support of the vast majority of Republican voters. That's certainly true, and it remains a decent reason to hang back.
As the events of the past few days remind us, however, it's not clear the president is all that deft when it comes to handling a bona fide political crisis, and tying yourself too closely to Trump's political fortunes is looking less and less like a safe bet. And besides, could anyone blame a politician for setting himself or herself up as a Plan B for Republicans in the event of presidential self-immolation? The challenge is that if you're going to run for the GOP presidential nomination, you'll need to win over people who at one point or another supported Trump. That means there might be such a thing as being too eager to abandon the president outright. The decision to throw Trump under the bus will have to be made more in sorrow than in anger.
The deeper problem for those pushing the GOP agenda is that it's not all that popular, Trump or no Trump.
Consider the tack taken by Ben Sasse, the youthful senator from Nebraska, who's already being asked about his presidential ambitions, and who is already artfully dodging questions about his intentions. On one level, Sasse has been quite quick to condemn Trump, rapping him across the knuckles for intemperate tweets and cozying up to Vladimir Putin, and going so far as to describe the president's attacks on the hosts of MSNBC's Morning Joe as “beneath the dignity of your office.” But he's not sticking his neck out by, say, calling for impeachment.
Advertisement
How might Sasse and others in the same boat, such as Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, start ramping up their criticism? Raising questions about the propriety of keeping Jared Kushner as a senior adviser to the president might be a good place to start. Sticking up for Robert Mueller in his role as special counsel is a no-brainer. And if Trump and his allies can't right the ship in a week or two, and if the president starts bleeding GOP support? That's when the gloves can come off.
Now, say you're a backbencher who cares about nothing more than getting re-elected. Has the time come to distance yourself from the president? If your seat is even remotely competitive, the answer is clearly yes. There is a reason why Rep. Lee Zeldin, a Republican representing a swing district in New York's Long Island, felt the need to scold Donald Trump Jr. in a tweet. To have any hope of winning re-election, Zeldin knew he had to demonstrate some modicum of independence. This is part of a larger pattern: Many of Trump's most frequent GOP critics, among them Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake and Nevada Sen. Dean Heller, are up for re-election in 2018 in states where Democrats are gaining ground. Mind you, many anti-Trump Republicans in Congress are as motivated by ideological or character-based objections to Trump as they are by political calculation. But don't be surprised if Republicans representing purple and blue states are the ones who are keenest to take Trump to task.
Then there are the Republicans, led by House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who are primarily focused on passing legislation that will move the country in what they take to be a more conservative direction. The goal of pushing through the GOP's long-standing domestic policy priorities has given Republicans reason to put aside any concerns they might have had about Trump.
By now, however, it's become clear that an understaffed and inexperienced Trump White House is incapable of knocking heads together and moving the GOP agenda forward. To the contrary, mixed messages from the president (one day the GOP's Obamacare overhaul is terrific, the next day it's inexcusably mean) and the constant whiff of scandal have stopped the GOP agenda dead in its tracks. A cynic might say that Trump's incompetence could be a blessing in disguise, as passing unpopular legislation could bite Republicans in the behind come 2018. But that's small comfort to GOP lawmakers who care most of all about having legislative accomplishments to crow about.
A state court in Minnesota, which already is heavily influenced by a large population of Muslim immigrants and has one district represented in Congress by a Muslim, has decided that in America, it's American inheritance law that applies.
The recent ruling from the Court of Appeals affirmed a Hennepin County District Court decision that the widow, Nariman Sirag Elsayed Khalil, of a taxi driver who died in an accident should be the one to benefit from a $183,000 settlement over her husband's death.
It was the cab driver's brother who argued in court that Islamic law should apply, so that the widow of Nadir Ibrahim Ombabi would only get 25 percent of the wrongful death settlement, 16.7 percent should go to his mother's estate and the rest to Ombabi's siblings, “with the males to receive ‘twice the share of the female.'”
The opinion, which was marked “unpublished” and not to be used for citation, involved the claim of Hosameldin Ibrahim Imbabi of Gold River, California.
Representing himself, he claimed that all of the parties in the case were Muslims, so the state court should apply Islamic law.
“House of War: Islam's Jihad Against the World” conveys what the West needs to know about Islam and the violent, expansionary ideology that seeks the subjugation and destruction of other faiths, cultures and systems of government
The appeals court ruling, however, knocked down his assertions, pointing out that he didn't even bother providing a transcript of lower-court proceedings so the appellate judges could check his claims.
“This court therefore cannot resolve issues that require a transcript, such as whether the district court judge made statements indicating that he had predetermined the outcome of the case or whether the district court erred by refusing to allow cross-examination of certain witnesses,” the court found.
“None of appellant's assertions of error are adequately supported by legal argument or citation to legal authority. For example, appellant's main assertion of error appears to be that the district court should have applied Sudanese Islamic law instead of Minnesota law when distributing the wrongful-death settlement proceeds.
“But the appellant does not explain why, other than stating, ‘[he] strongly believe[s] that the principles of the private international law should have been applied from the beginning…”
The ruling found: “The district court found that ‘there is no credible evidence to prove Mr. Ombabi's mother, brother, or sisters experienced a pecuniary loss, or more importantly what that pecuniary loss is, because of Mr. Ombabi's passing.' Accordingly, the district court ordered than 100 percent of settlement proceeds remaining after deduction of attorney feeds, litigation expenses, funeral costs, and trustee services be distributed to respondent.”
Legal blogger Eugene Volokh said of the decision, “I think it was also influenced by a basic American legal principle: American courts apply American law, rather than one rule for Muslims, one rule for Christians, one rule for Jews, and so on.
“Sometimes American law does allow the implementation of foreign legal rules, or religious legal rules. A contract might, for instance, call for applying the law of Sudan, or a will might specify that the property be distributed one-fourth to the widow, one-sixth to the parents, one-sixth each to the three brothers, and one-twelfth to the one sister (whether or not that's the Shariah-mandated split). A court may well enforce such provisions, subject to any constraints imposed by American public policy. (For instance, a contract calling for the cutting off of a person's hand would be unenforceable; a will calling for a court to apply a legal rule that requires the court to distinguish males from females might be unenforceable, though a will calling for a court to distribute property to named parties would be enforceable.)
“But there, too, the principle is simple: American courts apply American law, including when an American law principle calls on American courts to enforce a foreign judgment, to apply foreign law or to follow terms in a contract or a will that deliberately track foreign or religious law. But there has to be an American law principle calling for such application of foreign law. And in this case, there was no such principle,” he said.
“House of War: Islam's Jihad Against the World” conveys what the West needs to know about Islam and the violent, expansionary ideology that seeks the subjugation and destruction of other faiths, cultures and systems of government
Yesterday brought a bit of a teaser regarding a possible Red Dead Redemption sequel from the fine folks over at Rockstar Games. That possibility became a certainty this morning as they tweeted some new art that confirms the impending sequel. Once again, we'll be experiencing “an epic tale of life in America's unforgiving heartland,” as described on the game's official site.
Red Dead Redemption was a highly-rated game that took many of Rockstar's Grand Theft Auto innovations into the wild west, creating an open world spaghetti western. Players took on the role of John Marston, an outlaw who, by working with the only-slightly-on-the-level law, was trying to leave his life of lawlessness behind. He succeeds, but only for a very short time; at the end of Red Dead Redemption, he gets murdered by the lawmen who had worked with him. After that, players were allowed to explore the game's open world (and complete the epilogue) with Marston's son.
It's unclear whether this sequel will feature Marston's son, or if any of the game's other characters will make an appearance. Redemption, after all, was a sequel to another separate game titled Red Dead Revolver. If the title shown in the announcement doesn't change, then it's possible we could be hanging with the Marstons again, as it falls out of the naming scheme that seems to be prevailing over the Red Dead franchise.
All that aside: something that struck me about the game's announcement art is that there aren't any women present. Right up front, I realize that yes, this is just a bit of art attached to an announcement, and yes, there will be a full trailer coming later this week, and yes, even that won't reveal everything in the final game. But since people view such art as simple teasers and previews, why were women left out?
The second game did include non-playable female characters, some of whom definitely fit the “strong female character” trope, but the majority of the women in the game were–you guessed it–set dressing, filling the role of either sex worker, damsel, or innocent bystander.
I reserve full judgement on the game of course, but if prevailing trends hold fast (as they so often do), then I probably shouldn't be surprised if it's more of the same.
Still, it's hard to imagine how and why they elected to not include any women here. It surely wasn't a lack of stories regarding women outlaws, because there are plenty of those. Just check this Twitter thread of prominent examples (including a woman of color), courtesy of Eve Beauregard. Seven examples, straight up. Here's a bit of fun food for thought: imagine a Red Dead Redemption-style game featuring these women (plus more women of color). I'm totally down for that.
All said, we've still got a year to wait before we can get our hands on the game. It's slated for release in Fall 2017, so there's plenty of time for things to unfold. Here's hoping for the best.
(via Rock Paper Shotgun, image via screengrab)
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
A Midsummer Checkup – July 18, 2013
LITTLE EVIDENCE THAT CANADIANS ARE PAYING ATTENTION TO A PLACID POLITICAL LANDSCAPE
Click here for the full report: Full Report (July 18, 2013)
[Ottawa – July 18, 2013] Nearly 3,000 Canadians generously put down their BBQ tools last week and gave their views on a political landscape which doesn't seem to be producing much interest or movement. Those breathlessly waiting public response to the latest iteration of the Harper Cabinet will have to look elsewhere as this poll was concluded toward the end of last week. But here is a bold prediction. There will be little if any effects in a listless electorate who have gone into political aestivation. Even the North of the Queensway fascination with the continued implosion of the Mike Duffy (all the King's horses, and all the king's men…), not to mention the endless media coverage, doesn't seem to be budging the needles much. Yet there are some points of interest and lessons from this most recent update.
First of all, let's note that whatever recent movements we are seeing are modest at best. By far the more profound changes have been the gradual but clear shifts that have occurred in the first half of Stephen Harper's majority mandate. Mr. Harper's majority numbers have been whittled to a humble 28.4 points, suggesting that more than a quarter of his erstwhile supporters have defected. These numbers would see the majority gone and not even a minority in the offing. As challenging as these longer term shifts are for Mr. Harper, they are even more auspicious for the new leader of the Liberal Party who has taken his party from a historical nadir in the last election to a lead in the polls. The longer term trends are not kind for Mr. Mulcair who has seen the high watermark of the last election reduced substantially to the more familiar third place position for his party. We note that these profound shifts since the outset of the mandate are not the products of mercurial gyrations on the electorate but fairly steady and clear trend lines. So is there anything in recent patterns to suggest any interruption in those trends before 2015?
The tracking of the federal vote intention numbers does suggest that something is going on underneath the summer slumber of the electorate. While a few point shifts upward for the Conservative Party is hardly reason to rejoice, it does appear that the media and opposition preoccupation with all things Duffy and Wright hasn't really caused any further decline in Conservative fortunes. In fact, confidence in the direction of the country went up in this poll, possibly in the afterglow of the Canada Day celebrations. Beyond that, there isn't much further good news in the poll for the governing party, but stopping the polling bleeding in the midst of the controversy that has surrounded the government can probably be judged a relative success.
Meanwhile, the NDP have shown a similar upward blip (most of the most recent shifts are trajectory shifts so cannot be deemed substantively significant until more polling confirmation). As we shall see the NDP upward movement may be a real one as the approval ratings of the previously moribund Mulcair have risen as have his awareness levels. This was a key problem for Mulcair and the NDP in previous polling and these improvements, while modest, will be very welcome developments.
While it is premature to say that the rose is off the bloom, Justin Trudeau's improbable ascent from the basement to the heir apparent of Canadian politics appears to have hit a bump in the road. His party still leads and his own approval numbers are rising still to far eclipse his two main rivals. This is all very good news. Of mild concern is the nearly insignificant three-point drop, which is more pronounced in the two key regional arenas for the Liberals – Quebec and Ontario. They maintain leads there, but the margins are far less comfortable than they were in our last poll. There has also been a rather abrupt decline in fortunes with new Canadians.
To place these in context these numbers are probably well beyond the expectations of even the most ambitious Liberal dreamers of last summer at this time. Yet the stubbornness of the Conservative vote, in spite so seemingly daunting scandals and challenges, leaves them much closer to returning to power than the Liberals in British Columbia and Ontario and the Progressive Conservatives in Alberta were a year before their unlikely provincial successes. The hidden incumbent premium of risk aversion in a fragile economy is something that needs to be taken into account. Moreover, the resilience of Tom Mulcair only plays into the perfect progressive storm of relatively equally balanced Liberal and NDP parties splitting center and center left votes (along with the nine per cent of progressive vote currently with the Green Party). While Liberals have reasons to be very pleased, they should also have a clear eye on these challenges. It may be that the current results suggest that neither Conservative missteps nor photo ops and BBQ's will be sufficient to achieve Liberal power once again.
The regional patterns are pretty stable, but the Conservative stranglehold on Alberta has strengthened (although the Liberals are in a position where they could aspire to once again have representation from Alberta). The NDP's support is the most even across the country, which could be a mixed blessing in terms of eventual seat efficiency. They must also be concerned about their third place position in Quebec which yielded the lion's share of their 2011 success. The Liberals lead clearly in the Atlantic and have a modest lead in Quebec. Their Ontario lead is very slight right now (and down significantly from two months ago). They are in a tight three-way race in British Columbia, but as we learned from their provincial election earlier this year, what British Columbia voters tell us in does not always match up with how they actually vote.
Turning to the gender and age splits, we find few surprises. The Liberals are doing very well with seniors, a demographic that has been key to Conservative success over the past few years. Despite the youth and charisma of their new leader, however, the Liberals are failing to make inroads with the younger generations, who, for the moment, are split evenly among Canada's four federalist parties. The Conservative Party is statically tied with the Liberal party among men, but ranks third among women. There is also a substantial gender gap within the NDP ranks, with 56 per cent of their supporters identifying themselves as female.
In an unexpected turn of events, however, we also see that the Conservatives now lead (albeit insignificantly) with Canada's foreign-born population. This finding represents dramatic reversal of what we saw not two months ago when the Liberals led this group 42 to 26.
So what is behind this sudden uptick in Conservative fortunes? Turning to directional measures, we see a marked improvement in Canadians' satisfaction with where their country and government are headed. Direction of country has recovered from its all-time low and the plurality of Canadians now feel the country is moving in the right direction. Similarly, we have seen a six-point improvement in satisfaction with direction of government.
Before we proceed any further, it is important to keep in mind that satisfaction with direction of country and government are still quite low by historical standards. Nevertheless, these results bode well for the Conservative Party, as directional measures are often indicative of future movements in vote intention.
So what is behind these movements? There are a number of factors that could be at play. With media attention on the various Senate scandals beginning to dissipate, this could simply be a sign that things could be “returning to normal”, as it were. A more plausible explanation, however, is that in the wake of Canada Day, with its myriad of celebrations endless displays of red and white, has re-kindled Canadians' appreciation for the country in which they live – at least for the time being. Regardless of the whatever flaws that may afflict this country and its government, Canada Day has given us all the chance to set aside our political beliefs and celebrate the fact that life is this country is really not all that bad.
Click here for the full report: Full Report (July 18, 2013)
Tweet
The COALESCE and ISNULL T-SQL functions are used to return the first nonnull expression among the input arguments. SQL Server practitioners often wonder what the difference is between the two functions. Several differences exist; some are straightforward and are common knowledge, whereas others are less straightforward and are less well-known.
Some of the examples that I employ in this article use a sample database called TSQL2012. Download the code to create and populate the sample database.
I'd like to thank Brad Schulz, Erland Sommarskog, Paul White, and Umachandar Jayachandran (UC), who were the source of and inspiration for some of the information covered in this article.
COALESCE and ISNULL
According to SQL Server Books Online, COALESCE "returns the first nonnull expression among its arguments," and ISNULL "replaces NULL with the specified replacement value." As a simple example, the following code demonstrates using the two functions:
SET NOCOUNT ON; USE TSQL2012; -- this database is used in later examples DECLARE @x AS INT = NULL, @y AS INT = 1759, @z AS INT = 42; SELECT COALESCE(@x, @y, @z); SELECT ISNULL(@x, @y);
When you run this code, both functions return the integer 1759.
One apparent advantage that COALESCE has over ISNULL is that it supports more than two inputs, whereas ISNULL supports only two. Another advantage of COALESCE is that it's a standard function (namely, defined by the ISO/ANSI SQL standards), whereas ISNULL is T-SQL–specific. These differences between the two functions are fairly straightforward.
Next, I discuss some additional differences, some of which are more subtle. In some respects, ISNULL has advantages over COALESCE.
Data Type of Expression
COALESCE and ISNULL differ in how they determine the data type of the resulting expression.
The data type of COALESCE expression is the data type of the input argument with the highest data type precedence. If all inputs are the untyped NULL literal, you get an error.
The data type of ISNULL expression is the data type of the first input. If the first input is an untyped NULL literal, the data type of the result is the type of the second input. If both inputs are the untyped literal, the type of the output is INT.
As an example, consider the following code and its output, which Table 1 shows.
DECLARE @x AS VARCHAR(3) = NULL, @y AS VARCHAR(10) = '1234567890'; SELECT COALESCE(@x, @y) AS COALESCExy, COALESCE(@y, @x) AS COALESCEyx, ISNULL(@x, @y) AS ISNULLxy, ISNULL(@y, @x) AS ISNULLyx;
COALESCExy COALESCEyx ISNULLxy ISNULLyx ---------- ---------- -------- ---------- 1234567890 1234567890 123 1234567890
Notice that with COALESCE, regardless of which input is specified first, the type of the output is VARCHAR(10)—the one with the higher precedence. However, with ISNULL, the type of the output is determined by the first input. So when the first input is of a VARCHAR(3) data type (the expression aliased as ISNULLxy), the output is VARCHAR(3). As a result, the returned value that originated in the input @y is truncated after three characters.
In the last example, all inputs are character strings, just of different lengths. What if the inputs are of different data type families? The same rules still apply. For example, the following COALESCE expression accepts a character string as the first input and an integer as a second input:
SELECT COALESCE('abc', 1);
An integer has a higher data type precedence than a character string; therefore, SQL Server tries to convert the value 'abc' to an integer and naturally fails. This code generates the following conversion error:
Msg 245, Level 16, State 1, Line 1 Conversion failed when converting the varchar value 'abc' to data type int.
Try a similar expression, using ISNULL instead:
SELECT ISNULL('abc', 1);
Now the returned type is based on the first input, and therefore SQL Server doesn't try to convert the character string. So you get the output 'abc'.
As for untyped NULL literal inputs, as I mentioned, if all inputs to COALESCE are the untyped NULL literal, you get an error. To demonstrate this, run the following code:
SELECT COALESCE(NULL, NULL);
You get the following error:
Msg 4127, Level 16, State 1, Line 1 At least one of the arguments to COALESCE must be an expression that is not the NULL constant.
As long as there's a typed NULL in the input, the code succeeds:
SELECT COALESCE(CAST(NULL AS INT), NULL);
You get a NULL typed as an integer as the output.
The ISNULL function does allow both inputs to be untyped NULLs, in which case it returns a NULL typed as an integer as the output. To demonstrate this, run the following code:
SELECT ISNULL(NULL, NULL);
You get a NULL typed asan integer as the output. To prove this, run the following code:
SELECT ISNULL(NULL, NULL) AS col1 INTO dbo.T1; SELECT TYPE_NAME(user_type_id) FROM sys.columns WHERE object_id = OBJECT_ID('dbo.T1') AND name = N'col1';
You get 'int' as output.
When you're done, run the following code for cleanup:
DROP TABLE dbo.T1;
Nullability of Expression
If you need to store the result of a COALESCE or ISNULL expression in a table, you probably care whether the resulting column is nullable or not. The way nullability of the expression is determined is different for the two functions. To demonstrate the difference, I'll use a table called T0, which the following code creates and populates:
SELECT CAST(NULL AS INT) AS col1 INTO dbo.T0;
With COALESCE, the resulting column is defined as NOT NULL only if all expressions are nonnullable and NULL otherwise. With ISNULL, the resulting column is defined as NOT NULL if any expression is nonnullable and NULL if both are nullable. As an example, run the following code:
SELECT COALESCE(1, 2) AS COALESCE_1_2, COALESCE(col1, 0) AS COALESCE_col1_0, ISNULL(col1, 0) AS ISNULL_col1_0 INTO dbo.T1 FROM dbo.T0;
Then, check the nullability of the resulting columns by running the following query:
SELECT COLUMNPROPERTY(OBJECT_ID('dbo.T1'), 'COALESCE_1_2', 'AllowsNull') AS COALESCE_1_2, COLUMNPROPERTY(OBJECT_ID('dbo.T1'), 'COALESCE_col1_0', 'AllowsNull') AS COALESCE_col1_0, COLUMNPROPERTY(OBJECT_ID('dbo.T1'), 'ISNULL_col1_0', 'AllowsNull') AS ISNULL_col1_0;
You get the output shown in Table 2.
COALESCE_1_2 COALESCE_col1_0 ISNULL_col1_0 ------------ --------------- ------------- 0 1 0
The expression COALESCE(1, 2) resulted in a nonnullable column because both inputs were nonnullable. The expression COALESCE(col1, 0) resulted in a nullable column because one of the expressions was nullable (col1). The expression ISNULL(col1, 0) resulted in a nonnullable column because one of the expressions was nonnullable (0).
When you're done, run the following code for cleanup:
DROP TABLE dbo.T0, dbo.T1;
Used with Subqueries
The ISNULL function has an important advantage over COALESCE in that internally it doesn't evaluate an input expression more than once. In accordance with standard SQL, COALESCE(v1, v2) is simply internally translated to CASE WHEN v1 IS NOT NULL THEN v1 ELSE v2 END. As a result, SQL Server might evaluate the expression v1 more than once, which can lead to all kinds of surprising results. This section and the next section describe a couple of interesting examples that are affected by this behavior.
Suppose that you need to write an expression that returns the result of a subquery when it's not NULL and returns zero otherwise. Before trying different solutions, run the following code in order to request I/O statistics for queries in your session:
SET STATISTICS IO ON;
Run the following query (call it Query 1):
SELECT SUM(qty) FROM Sales.OrderDetails;
Observe the plan for Query 1 in Figure 1 (the first of the three plans in the figure).
The clustered index of the OrderDetails table is scanned once, resulting in a scan count of 1 and a logical reads count of 11. Next, try using COALESCE to implement the task at hand by running the following query (call it Query 2):
SELECT COALESCE( (SELECT SUM(qty) FROM Sales.OrderDetails), 0 );
Examine the plan for Query 2 in Figure 1 and observe that the clustered index of the OrderDetails table is scanned twice. This results in a scan count of 2 and a logical reads count of 22. This is a direct result of the fact that COALESCE was internally translated to a CASE expression that refers to the subquery twice—once to check if its result is NULL and again to return the result because it isn't NULL.
Implement a solution using ISNULL by running the following query (call it Query 3):
SELECT ISNULL( (SELECT SUM(qty) FROM Sales.OrderDetails), 0 );
Examine the plan for Query 3 in Figure 1 and observe that the clustered index of the OrderDetails table is scanned only once. This results in a scan count of 1 and a logical reads count of 11.
In this particular case, you could first store the result of the subquery in a variable and use the variable in the COALESCE expression, but that's not always possible. For example, consider a case where the subquery is a correlated one appearing in some outer query against another table. So from this perspective, ISNULL is preferred to COALESCE.
When you're done, run the following code to turn off reporting I/O statistics in the session:
SET STATISTICS IO OFF;
Atomicity vs. Isolation
This section covers another example for the implications of SQL Server's conversion of a COALESCE expression to a CASE expression. Before I present the example, try to think of a scenario in which the expression COALESCE( , 0 ) returns a NULL.
Now let's look at the example. Open two connections to SQL Server (call them connection 1 and connection 2). Run the following code in connection 1:
CREATE TABLE dbo.T1(col1 INT); INSERT INTO dbo.T1 VALUES(42); BEGIN TRAN INSERT INTO dbo.T1 VALUES(1759);
Then, run the following code in connection 2:
SELECT COALESCE( (SELECT SUM(col1) FROM dbo.T1), 0 );
Back in connection 1, run the following code:
DELETE FROM dbo.T1; COMMIT TRAN DROP TABLE dbo.T1;
Connection 2 returns a NULL. Can you explain how this could happen?
In order to explain what happened, you need to examine the execution plan for the query in connection 2 shown in Figure 2.
The COALESCE expression in the query in connection 2 was internally translated to the following CASE expression:
CASE WHEN (SELECT SUM(col1) FROM dbo.T1) IS NOT NULL THEN (SELECT SUM(col1) FROM dbo.T1) ELSE 0 END
The upper branch of the query plan calculates the result of the query in the WHEN clause of the CASE expression. It reads the row with the value 42 and then blocks, because the row with the value 1759 is exclusively locked. Then, connection 1 deletes all rows from the table and commits, allowing the query to complete. The resulting sum 42 is assigned to the variable Expr1004. Next, the bottom branch of the query plan calculates the result of the query in the THEN clause of the CASE expression. The query returns a NULL because there are no rows in the table at this point, and the NULL result is assigned to the variable Expr1010. Now the CASE expression looks like this:
CASE WHEN Expr1004 IS NOT NULL THEN Expr1010 ELSE 0 END
Or, with constants:
CASE WHEN Expr1004 IS NOT NULL THEN Expr1010 ELSE 0 END
You might think that the atomicity of the SELECT transaction is broken here, but it isn't—you still get an all-or-nothing behavior. Under the default isolation level read committed, there's no guarantee that the code will interact with a frozen state of the data. To achieve such behavior, you need to request to work with the serializable isolation level. For example, repeat the same test that you just ran, but this time request to use the serializable isolation level in the query in connection 2, like so:
SELECT COALESCE( (SELECT SUM(col1) FROM dbo.T1 WITH (SERIALIZABLE)), 0 );
This time you get the output 0. Examine the plan for the query in connection 2 shown in Figure 3.
This time the query in the WHEN clause blocks before any rows are scanned waiting for the delete transaction to complete. Consequently, both branches of the plan find zero rows in the table, and result in a NULL. Therefore, the CASE expression looks like this:
CASE WHEN NULL IS NOT NULL THEN NULL ELSE 0 END
Try again, but this time using ISNULL instead of COALESCE:
SELECT ISNULL( (SELECT SUM(col1) FROM dbo.T1), 0 );
This time you get the output 42. By examining the plan in Figure 4, you can understand why.
The query was executed only once. It blocked after reading the row with the value 42. After the delete transaction committed, there were no more rows to read; hence the sum was computed as 42. Because that sum wasn't NULL, the value 42 was returned.
Significant Differences
On the surface, it might seem that there are only a couple of minor differences between the COALESCE and ISNULL functions. In practice, there are quite a few differences—some of which are significant. This article describes not only the minor and straightforward differences but also the more complex and significant ones. Some of the differences make the COALESCE function preferable, whereas others make ISNULL preferable. Armed with this knowledge, you can make an educated decision about which function to use based on your priorities.
Last Sunday, Pope Francis, Mahmoud Abbas and Shimon Peres joined in an historic meeting at the Vatican for a united commitment for peace in the Middle East.
Following prayers from Catholic, Muslim, and Jewish clergy, the three world leaders each offered statements for peace in the Palestine and Israel conflict. After the U.S.-led diplomacy talks fell apart over a month ago, this week's meeting proved that a religious-based dialogue may actually better further discussions than nationally focused ones. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and and Israeli President Shimon Peres shared a warm embrace upon meeting at the Vatican with an appreciative Pope Francis looking on with a smile. While the meeting at the Vatican was not one of negotiations, it did seem to help assuage some tensions between the two sides as well as portrayed both leaders as committed to more peaceful proceedings in the future.
However, even though Pope Francis, Mahmoud Abbas and Shimon Peres all proclaimed their commitments to peace, presidents Mahmoud Abbas and Shimon Peres notably did not make any concessions to compromise. Similarly, the Vatican announced beforehand that this would not be a meeting for negotiations but a meeting for the higher calling of peace. Pope Francis echoed this worthwhile goal stating, “I hope that this meeting will be a journey toward what joins us, to overcome what divides us.”
Many understand that the event, while commendable, will not likely move the situation to a peaceful conclusion any time soon. “Anybody who has even a minimum understanding of the situation would never think that as of Monday, peace will break out,” said Rev. Pierbattista Pizzaballa, a priest who organized the meeting.
Even though the conflict between Palestine and Israel is dark and difficult to navigate, the prayer service with leaders Pope Francis, Mahmoud Abbas and Shimon Peres still provides hope for many. The meeting marks the first time the Vatican has hosted such a gathering with two leaders currently engaged in conflict.. Pope Francis advised, “Peacemaking calls for courage, much more so than warfare. It calls for the courage to say yes to encounter and no to conflict; yes to dialogue and no to violence; yes to negotiations and no to hostilities.” He continued, “We have heard a summons and we must respond. It is the summons to break the spiral of hatred and violence, and to break it by one word alone: the word ‘brother.'”
To symbolically commemorate the olive branch peace offering extended by this meeting, Pope Francis, Mahmoud Abbas and Shimon Peres, joined by Patriarch Bartholomew, all helped plant an actual olive tree in the Vatican gardens.
Resources
Follow the conversation on Twitter
St. Louis in the 1800s. Henry Lewis/Public Domain
On March 10th, 1804—213 years ago today—the city of St. Louis went through a brief, well-organized identity crisis. The day before, it had been Spanish. In the morning, it was French. And as soon as noon hit, it was American, as it has remained for all the days since.
This multi-part switcheroo, which historians call “Three Flags Day,” was the symbolic and bureaucratic culmination of the Louisiana Purchase, in which France sold a massive swath of territory to the United States for pennies on the acre. The deal came as a surprise to the American government, which had only been trying to buy New Orleans. Instead, they got a piece of land that effectively doubled the size of the country and today makes up 15 U.S. states.
The deal was equally surprising to the Spanish, who had ceded the land in question to the French very, very recently—so recently, in fact, that they were still effectively running most of it. The sudden need to play catchup led to a strange 24 hours for St. Louisans.
Thure de Thulstrup's “Hoisting of American Colors over Louisiana” depicts the ceremony in New Orleans—much less complex than St. Louis's. Cabildo Museum/Public Domain
Three Flags Day was born from a problem of scale. Although the Louisiana Purchase technically went through on April 30, 1803, transferring hundreds of millions of acres of land is no small feat. It took months for the requisite arrangements to be made. Throughout the summer and fall of 1803, Congress signed papers, and money changed hands. That winter, there was an official Americanizing ceremony in New Orleans, which served as the territory's capital.
But because it was winter in the 1800s, the many territory residents north of New Orleans didn't get word of that switch until much later. So in March of 1804, it was decided that there should be another official ceremony, in St. Louis.
But there was a small problem: St. Louis was one of the cities the Spanish hadn't gotten around to giving up. Authorities soon realized that, in order to actualize the territory's new identity, “two treaties must be put into effect at one time,” writes historian Walter Barlow Stevens in St. Louis, The Fourth City. First, the land had to be be transferred from Spain to France. Then, it had to be be transferred again, from France to the United States.
One of the many signings of the Louisiana Treaty. This one occurred in New Orleans. US Capitol/Public Domain
Here's how it happened. On March 8, 1804, the Spanish governor of St. Louis, Carlos de Hault de Lassus, posted a notice on the door of the city church notifying the public about the impending switch of nationalities. The next day, two American representatives—army commander Amos Stoddard and explorer Meriwether Lewis—boated across the Mississippi from Illinois and marched up to the governor's mansion, with a band of soldiers in tow.
A small crowd gathered outside. Just before noon, Stoddard and de Lassus signed some papers and turned to the spectators. “By order of the king I am now about to surrender this post and its dependencies,” Delassus said. “The flag which has protected you during nearly 36 years will no longer be seen… From the bottom of my heart I wish you all prosperity.”
“Slowly the flag of Spain came down and slowly the flag of France went up,” writes Stevens. “The cannon boomed the salute. The excited habitants rushed up to the fort to get as near the flag as possible.” The original plan had been to keep the French flag up for six hours, but the citizens of St. Louis—many of whom remembered the city's French roots—were so excited that the American contingent agreed to let it fly until the next day at noon. That night, people gathered in the church and sang French songs. “There was little sleep in old St. Louis during the hours the tricolor flew,” writes Stevens.
The Louisiana Territory, in white. National Atlas of the United States/Public Domain
At noon on March 10th, after a scant 24 hours of Frenchness, everyone assembled at the governor's mansion once again. Although Stoddard was an American, it had been decided that he should play the role of France in the exchanges. (France's go-to guy didn't want to make the trip up.) He signed both lines of the relevant papers and addressed the crowd. On his signal, the French flag went down, and the American flag went up.
Someone called for three cheers, but after all this celebrating, people were tired. “The response was not hearty,” writes Stevens. But it's this last identity that—at least so far—has stuck.
Two breeds of rats, Charles River Wistar [Crl(Wi)Br.] and HSD Wistar [Wistar per LATI (Budapest) Br.], with remarkable difference in learning performance were selected. The rats were trained in the shuttle box with 100 trials per day and the number of conditioned avoidance responses (CARs), the escape failures (EFs) to the unconditioned stimulus and the intersignal reactions (IRs) were counted and evaluated by multi-way analysis of variance (ANOVA). Rats of the Crl (Wi) breed proved to be the 'low performing' (LP) animals and rats of the Wistar per LATI (Budapest) breed the 'high performing' (HP) ones. The HP rats produced higher number of CARs (p<0.001), lower number of EFs (P<0.05) and higher number of IRs (P<0.01) than their LP peers. Significantly higher amounts of noradrenaline from the locus coeruleus and serotonin from the raphe were released in the HP than in the LP rats (p<0.01). There was no difference between HP and LP rats in the amount of dopamine released from the striatum, the substantia nigra and the tuberculum olfactorium. The catecholaminergic activity enhancer (CAE) substance, 1-phenyl-2-propylaminopentane HCl, [(-)PPAP], which enhances action potential-transmitter release coupling in the catecholaminergic neurons, fully antagonized in a dose of 1 mg/kg, tetrabenazine-induced learning depression in HP rats and this dose was ineffective in LP rats. The findings were regarded as further support for the view that endogenous CAE substances regulate catecholaminergic activity in the brain and (-)PPAP acts via this regulation.
All was not lost. Even though 116 manuscript pages of the Book of Mormon had been stolen, Joseph Smith was once again translating from the Gold Plates. He picked up where he had paused: Chapter 3 of "The Book of Mosiah."
Royal Skousen, a BYU professor of linguistics and the editor of the monumental Book of Mormon Critical Text Project, said in a phone interview that our current Mosiah chapter 1 is really just the beginning of Mosiah chapter 3. Most, if not all of the original first two chapters were stolen along with "The Book of Lehi."
"That 116 pages that they had gone a little bit further. It already started into Mosiah. So that was also (stolen)," Skousen said.
There are several clues that support this theory, Skousen said. Every other book in the Book of Mormon is named after the first person that is writing in it. The current Mosiah chapter 1 begins with King Benjamin. But the book is not called "Benjamin." The "Mosiah" it is named after is likely Benjamin's father.
Another indication that the first few chapters of Mosiah are missing is that, unlike the other books in Mormon's abridgement, there is no explanatory introduction. "It begins in the middle of things," Skousen said.
The clincher is that the printer's manuscript identified the first page of Mosiah as "Chapter III" before it was corrected to read "Chapter I."
What would have been in the missing two chapters of Mosiah? Much of the content covered by the record at the end of the Small Plates of Nephi and The Words of Mormon. "What I would assume is that 'chapter I' had to do with Mosiah fleeing from the Land of Nephi and going up to Zarahemla. And then 'chapter II' was King Benjamin's initial reign and the wars he was involved with," Skousen said. "We'll never know, I guess, now."
Most members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints probably have assumed that after the loss of "The Book of Lehi," that Joseph Smith then translated the Small Plates of Nephi — a basically first-person account that covered the same time period that "The Book of Lehi" had covered. But the evidence shows otherwise.
One way to tell when certain parts of the Book of Mormon were translated is to look at what happened when during the translation process. John W. Welch, a professor at the J. Reuben Clark Law School at BYU, discussed some of these clues in "Reexploring the Book of Mormon" and in ”Opening the Heavens.” Joseph Smith's scribe, Oliver Cowdery, indicated that translating 3 Nephi 11 led to them receiving the Aaronic Priesthood from John the Baptist on May 15, 1829. About the middle of June the scripture 2 Nephi 27 led to the experiences of the witnesses of the Book of Mormon. There are other possible triggering scriptures, but these particular scriptures are most likely — and also support a more consistent pages-translated-per-day ratio.
Notice the sequence: 3 Nephi (which is near the end of the Book of Mormon) and then 2 Nephi (which is near the beginning of the Book of Mormon). Joseph translated from Mosiah through Moroni and then translated from 1 Nephi through the Words of Mormon. In the middle of all this is the Title Page, which had to have been translated by June 11 when it used as part of the copyright application process.
Skousen said that the original manuscript also may support this sequence. Normally six sheets of paper were folded to make little booklets to use for writing the translation as Joseph dictated. From Alma to 3 Nephi, the fold was horizontal or widthwise. “Oliver was always folding them in the middle,” Skousen said.
But then, in 3 Nephi, Oliver changes his practice and starts folding the papers vertically or lengthwise. Fragments from Ether show the same length fold. The first 24 pages of 1 Nephi are also length folded. “From 3 Nephi all the way to the end of Moroni and then into 1 Nephi you had length folds,” Skousen said. But then, in about 1 Nephi 14, Oliver goes back to the horizontal width fold. The printer's manuscript, which, of course, came after the original manuscript, is always width folded.
After each page was dictated, the scribe would write a brief summary at the top of the page. Skousen said that Oliver stopped making top-of-the-page summaries around 1 Nephi 16. It makes sense to Skousen that Oliver stopped making summaries near the end of the translation process. It doesn't make sense that he would stop and then start up again when he reached Mosiah.
“The simplest explanation is that it's being done Mosiah to Moroni and then the small plates (of Nephi),” Skousen said. The first was last and the last was first.
The Title Page came at the end of Moroni. Welch said in a phone interview that the second paragraph had to have been written by Moroni since it mentions the record of the Jaredites — which Moroni abridged. “It was translated independently,” Skousen said.
Skousen said there is some question as to where exactly Words of Mormon fits into this. “I believe they are at the very end of the translation process,” he said. “Without having the original (manuscript pages of Words of Mormon), we can't be really absolutely sure.”
When Joseph Smith began translating again in earnest, it had been about nine months since the heartbreaking loss of “Book of Lehi” and the first few chapters of Mosiah. He may have gone through much of the translation process without knowing that the Lord had prepared an alternate record for the stolen pages (see Doctrine and Covenants 10). But then, after Moroni: joy. That which was lost had been, in a sense, found — and the Lord had known it all along.
E-mail: [email protected]
CBC/Radio-Canada will eliminate hundreds of jobs, cancel some programs and boost ads as part of cost-cutting measures to cope with planned budget cuts outlined in the recent federal budget, the public broadcaster announced Wednesday.
We've made "gut-wrenching choices," CBC president and CEO Hubert T. Lacroix said during a townhall meeting for CBC employees.
Lacroix said the Corporation expects to eliminate 650 jobs over three years, including 475 this fiscal year. He said 60 per cent of the budget goes toward salary and that it would be impossible to take a hit of this magnitude and not affect jobs. Nearly 10,000 people are currently employed full time at the CBC.
Kirstine Stewart, executive vice-president, English Services, said $43 million worth of programming will have to be cut out of the English Services budget, meaning that some current shows in prime time will have to be cancelled and that viewers can expect more repeats.
"We will be making less Canadian content," she said, adding that more details will be released next Tuesday. "It will be more the traditional prime-time schedule that we have in place on CBC television."
She said they will also have to look at reducing programming in news, but that they hope to find savings in production efficiencies by integrating both news gathering and production.
Radio will also see some reductions to programming costs which will include a reduction in the number of live music recordings, Stewart said.
As well, there will be a reduction in in-house documentary production, she said.
The budget released last week said the CBC will lose $115 million in funding over three years. But Lacroix said that unavoidable cost increases and investments mean the corporation faces financial pressures of $200 million.
Lacroix said they hope to offset that with $50 million in new revenues, which would leave the CBC with about $150 million to account for by way of reductions and operating improvements.
He said the corporation will raise more money by pursuing additional digital revenue. The public broadcaster has applied to the CRTC to add advertising to its two national music radio networks: CBC Radio 2 and Espace musique.
Stewart said it's an "unfortunate situation" to be including ads on Radio 2, but that it was a priority to keep Radio 1, a news- talk radio station, commercial free.
She said because Radio 2 and Espace musique are more music oriented, listeners tend to be more accepting of advertising.
"We know that in this particular case a lot of people come to Radio 2 because there's no advertising and that's a benefit to them but I think they will come back for the strong Canadian content that we will keep providing."
CBC/Radio-Canada will also accelerate the shutdown of analog television transmitters and lease and sell off real estate at the broadcasting centre in Toronto to raise funds.
Lacroix said the company will have to scale back some of its plans, which includes local service extensions, digital TV services, signature events and cross-cultural programming projects.
Other changes include:
For regional expansion, Kamloops, London, Waterloo Region will be delayed three to six months and Saskatoon will be delayed until the summer of 2013. But the Hamilton digital service to proceed as planned, scheduled in 2012-13.
Communities where CBC had planned additional service will still proceed, but the corporation will look to digital models like Hamilton to reduce overall costs. Spending will be reduced by slowing down their launches.
Radio Canada International (RCI) will also end the production of news bulletins and close its Russian and Brazilian departments.
CBC will not expand into a CBC Kids digital channel as quickly as planned.
The CBC broadcasts in English and French, as well as in eight aboriginal languages, with a mandate to provide distinctly Canadian programming.
The Incarnation: Paradox or Contradiction?
We're in the process of flushing out the theology of the ReKnew Manifesto, and we've come to the point where we should address the Incarnation. This is the classical Christian doctrine that Jesus was fully God and fully human. Today I'll simply argue for the logical coherence of this doctrine, viz. it does not involve a contradiction.
There is no denying that the Incarnation is paradoxical. It is hard, if not impossible, to conceive how a person could be, at one and the same time fully God and fully human. I don't think this should surprise us too much, however. After all, we confront similar paradoxes in science as well as in our everyday life. For example, as I'm sure most of you have heard that physicists tell us that light has the property of waves in some circumstances and of particles in other circumstances, yet we have no way of understanding how this is possible. Even the nature of time and space is paradoxical if you think about it. We can't conceive of time having a beginning, but neither can we conceive of it without a beginning. So too, we can't conceive of space having an end, but we also can't conceive of it not having an end. If things as basic to our experience as the nature of light, time and space are paradoxical, I don't think we should find it too surprising that things surrounding God are mysterious.
At the same time, it's important to distinguish between a paradox and a contradiction. When we can't understand how two things can be conjoined, it is a paradox. A contradiction, however, is when two things that logically contradict each other are nevertheless conjoined. We are simultaneous asserting “A” and “not A.” A “married bachelor” is a contradiction, for to be “married” means one is no longer a “bachelor.” By contrast, there is nothing in the meaning of having “wave properties” that logically rules out also having “particle properties.” We just can't conceive of how these properties can be conjoined in one and the same reality (light), which is why light-wave duality is called a “paradox.”
So, is the teaching that Jesus is fully human and fully God a contradiction or a paradox? If the very meaning of “God” entailed “not also human,” or if the very meaning of “human” entailed “not also God,” then we would indeed have a contradiction on our hands. But who can claim to know so much about God and humans that they can be confident they are logically contradictory? I would rather argue that we only know God on the basis of what he in fact has done. And since I have compelling reasons for believing that he in fact became a human, this is proof enough to me that any claim that “God” and “human” are mutually exclusive is a contradiction.
Having said this, I should add that I believe the way many theologians have worked out the doctrine of the Incarnation has involved contradictions. For example, many claims that if Jesus is fully God and fully human, he must be simultaneously omniscient and non-omniscient. But how is this different than asserting “married Bachelor”? I would rather argue that the Son of God set aside the exercise of his omniscience in order to become a human, for, I would argue, being non-omniscient is part of what it means to be human. I would argue the same for any other divine attributes that contradict the meaning of “human.” This is called “a kenotic” (or self-emptying) Christology, and I'll say more about it in a subsequent blog.
I'll end by noting that the distinction between paradoxes and contradictions is always important to keep in mind when theologizing. While the line between paradoxes and contradictions can sometimes be blurry, I am personally convinced that a good many of the paradoxes that surround classical theology are in fact contradictions. For example, Reformed theologians argue that their belief that God predestines the free actions of humans and angels is a paradox. But I would argue that the very meaning of “free” means “not predestined” and the meaning of “predestined” means “not free.” I thus consider this teaching to involve a contradiction, which means it is meaningless.
In any event, whenever theologians appeal to a paradox or mystery, I encourage people to be a little suspicious. They may be correct, as when they claim this for the Incarnation. But they may also be trying to conjoin things that are in fact logically contradictory.
Image by Lawrence OP via Compfight
As a marketing ploy for the new television series version of Robert Rodriguez's From Dusk Till Dawn the fine minds at El Rey Television have released a pretty great spoof commercial.
In homage to the original film version of From Dusk Till Dawn and numerous Quentin Tarantino, the company came out with this clever commercial for Big Kahuna Burger.
For those of you who need a refresher as to why this is a significant commercial, here is a look at the Big Kahuna Burger's most famous scene. The scene, from Pulp Fiction, features Samuel L. Jackson indulging in the burger in question, just before getting down to business. Famously saying of the burger, “that is a tasty burger!”
And here is a recipe from Shortlist.com and Dave Watts, head chef at The Cotswold House Hotel, as to how one would make their own tasty Big Kahuna Burger at home.
“Your vote is more important than ever because every vote for me in this election will if I am returned as Prime Minister strengthen my hand in the negotiations that are about to start.
“But if you don't vote at this election and if you don't vote for me at this election you risk sleepwalking into the very real danger that Jeremy Corbyn will find himself in the hot seat, in the negotiating chair on your behalf.”
Mrs May's speech came after she and Mr Corbyn faced a TV grilling at the hands of Jeremy Paxman and a live television audience.
She was given a tough time over her plans to reform social care but performed best on Brexit as audience members applauded her commitment to walk away from talks without a deal rather than accept a bad one.
The Big Get-Up
Dale Scrire Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 5, 2017
Sitting around today only feels like a waste of time that could be used to improve myself. Sat around all day yesterday. And the days before.
So maybe time to get up and do something about it, this painful feeling in my midsection. Maybe I'll peel myself out of bed at half two (p.m) and shake the cannabinoid stupor from my head, but maybe that doesn't fix it so I fix myself a coffee and I'm ready to go. Awake and alert, I'm ready to face my task - the only thing that I currently have planned - before going back to familiar stretches of inactivity hoping that something interesting might happen.
So the appointment's at ten past three and I get in the car, starting the engine at 3:10 on the dot. Surprisingly, feeling little to no anxiety about the fact that I'm minutes away from telling someone, for the first time, that something is deeply wrong. It's 2017, electro-shock therapy and lobotomies aren't in vogue, so I'm not seriously worried about being handcuffed to a bed and wheeled away.
Anyway so I arrive and the doc asks me what he can do, and I ask if he would refer me to a CBT therapist, and he says:
“Why?” And so I say:
“Depression.” And so he says:
“Why?” And so I say:
“I don't know.”
“Drugs?”
“Yeah, a bit of cannabis”
“A bit of cannabis.”
“Yeah. And some alcohol.”
“Some alcohol. How often?”
“Most days. Not much, only a few drinks usually.”
“Most days. Ok. One minute please.”
The doc turns and picks up the receiver on his newly-old-fashioned landline phone.
“Hello? Is this Drug and Alcohol Service? I have a young man here who smokes cannabis. All day every day. Will you be able to help him? Ok. Thank you.”
The doc, a Hossein, clicks the receiver down and turns to me again.
“Ok. They will help you. You will get a letter in the post. Is there anything else I can do for you?”
“Oh. Uh, no. I don't think so,” I say, truthfully.
Standing up to leave my long frame towers over the tiny salt & peppered doctor
“There's one more thing I should tell you.” Says the tiny doctor.
“Yeah?”
“Your circle of friends. The people in your life-”
“Yeah?” I brace myself for the inevitable push to reach out and connect.
“Break the circle. Stop seeing your friends. They're not good for you.”
And at this point a look passed across Dr. Hossein's face as he sat beneath me, as if the tiny man realised that he had made a mistake. I can't say for sure what kind of look I gave him in return but I imagine it was one that gave away something about my feeling in that moment that this advice, although probably worth listening to, had nonetheless taken me by surprise. I can't picture clearly what this look might have looked like through the other man's eyes, but I can guess that it might have looked something like the look you might give an uninvited stranger who turns up at your door on a Tuesday night with a case of nice beer and a spliff.
Then, leaving the doctor's in my own jacket at my own pace I sit in the car and can't help but collapse in a violent giggle. Pulling out of the car park I stop and wave a woman with three young children to cross the road ahead. The mum waves back mouthing a ‘thank you' with a big smile, and I feel warm, and good.
This week we're taking a look at the 2000 PC classic Deus Ex with the mastermind himself, Warren Spector.
Ben Hanson, Adam Biessener, myself, one of Epic Mickey 2's producers Raul Ramirez, and Warren Spector all sat down only to stand right back up and take a stroll down memory lane, making sure to stick to the shadows wherever possible. Spector talks about how he was moments away from signing a contract with Electronic Arts to create a Command & Conquer RPG, when John Romero called him up and made him an offer he couldn't refuse. We also take a look at at one of Warren's favorite games that influences his work even today with the development of Epic Mickey in our Replay Roulette.
For more Replays and Super Replays, check out our Replay hub.
The times are rapidly changing — for the better, at least — in terms of ozone pollution for the greater Los Angeles metropolitan area.
But despite improvements, the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Riverside region is the top ozone polluted area in the country, according to the American Lung Association's State of the Air 2016 report released Wednesday.
For this survey, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Riverside and Orange counties are lumped together as the Los Angeles metro area, said Maria Bernabe, a American Lung Association spokeswoman.
San Bernardino County registered as the worst of the lot, with 153 unhealthy ozone days, down from 203 in 2005. Nevertheless, it still received “F” grades for ozone and two types of particle pollution.
Los Angeles County registered 109 unhealthy ozone days, down from 159 in 2005; while Riverside County had 140, down from 191 in 2005; and Orange County recorded nine, down from 38 in 2005.
These three counties also received “F” grades for ozone.
Pollution readings from 2012-2014 form the basis of the 2016 air report.
Although many California metro areas are listed among the top 10 worst for air pollution nationally, some of those had their cleanest year yet for ozone or particle pollution, including Los Angeles, which saw its lowest air pollution levels in the 17 years of the State of the Air report, said Olivia J. Diaz-Lapham, president and CEO of the American Lung Association, during a news conference Tuesday.
The Southern California region has seen a 90 percent reduction in unhealthy particle pollution over the history of the report, the association said.
“Thanks to California's cleaner vehicles and fuels and other innovative clean air policies, we're seeing steady progress in our fight for cleaner air,” Diaz-Lapham said.
Nevertheless, more than 80 percent of Californians — 32 million residents — still live in counties with unhealthy air during certain parts of the year. And over 17 million Californians live in counties that received three failing grades in State of the Air 2016, the association said.
We simply must do more to protect Californians,” Diaz-Lapham said.
Climate change and global warming could erode some of the gains, by creating an environment more favorable to ozone formation and blowing dust, the association warned.
The association says Californians must continue to invest in zero-emission vehicles, cleaner freight transport, renewable power, more sustainable community planning and cleaner alternatives to wood burning.
At-risk populations include children, seniors, those with asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, heart disease, diabetes and low-income communities, the association said.
Air pollution can cause asthma, heart disease and retard the development of lungs in children, officials said.
Major improvements have occurred in particle pollution as well for the Los Angeles metro area, the report showed. In Los Angeles County, there were just eight unhealthy particle days in the 2016 report, down from 84 in 2004.
San Bernardino County posted nearly 25.9 unhealthy particle days in the 2004 report, while there were just 12.8 in the most recent one.
Nevertheless, Los Angeles received a “fail” under a pass/fail grading system.
Riverside County had 11 unhealthy particle days in the report released today, down from 107 in 2004. That also was a “fail.”
Orange County passed with its four unhealthy particle days in 2016, down from 41 in 2004.
Jack Posobiec, a prominent alt-right activist and promoter of right-wing conspiracy theories, on Thursday posted a video at the Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial in response to a list the Anti-Defamation League compiled associating him with the so-called “alt-right” movement.
“It would be wise of the ADL to remember the history of what happened the last time people started going around making lists of undesirables,” Posobiec said in the video posted on Twitter.
The @ADL_National would be wise to remember what happened the last time people made lists of undesirables pic.twitter.com/yZJ7VfPmb0 — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) July 20, 2017
“To make those accusations on the hallowed ground of Auschwitz is offensive and twisted and, unfortunately, proves the point about our research,” an ADL spokesperson told TPM by email.
Posobiec, who describes himself on Twitter as a “filmmaker, and recovering political operative” and promoted the “Pizzagate” conspiracy theory, took exception to the ADL's list associating him with the far-right movement.
The ADL described the so-called “alt-right” movement as “a segment of the white supremacist movement consisting of a loose network of racists and anti-Semites who reject mainstream conservatism in favor of politics that embrace implicit or explicit racist, anti-Semitic and white supremacist ideology.”
It listed Posobiec as a member of the “alt lite,” a “loosely-connected movement whose adherents generally shun white supremacist thinking, but who are in step with the alt right in their hatred of feminists and immigrants, among others.”
Posobiec railed against the list on Twitter, where he accused the ADL of “targeting Trump supporters with hate lists” and called the who's-who a “death list.”
The ADL is now targeting Trump supporters with hate lists. What's next, will they issue gold stars? #ADLTerror — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) July 18, 2017
Josh Mandel, a Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in Ohio, on Thursday accused the ADL of becoming a “partisan witchhunt group” by publishing the list and declared solidarity with Posobiec and Mike Cernovich, another Twitter troll included on the list.
Sad to see @ADL_National become a partisan witchhunt group targeting people for political beliefs. I stand with @Cernovich & @JackPosobiec https://t.co/N3nC78t4CS — Josh Mandel (@JoshMandelOhio) July 20, 2017
Comparing those who disagree with him to Nazis is not a new tactic for Posobiec, who accused audience members at a New York production of Shakespeare's “Julius Caesar” starring a figure resembling President Donald Trump of making minister of propaganda for the Nazi regime Joseph Goebbels “proud.”
In May, Reuters reported that Posobiec received White House press credentials.
A Republican member of Congress apologized earlier in July for using the gas chambers at Auschwitz as a setting to promote the U.S. military.
This post has been updated.
DUP pressure forced May to pull out of deal to end Brexit logjam, Ireland claims BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Theresa May pulled out at the last minute from a deal to break the Brexit logjam after meeting fierce resistance from the Democratic Unionist Party, Ireland's prime minister has claimed. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/dup-pressure-forced-may-to-pull-out-of-deal-to-end-brexit-logjam-ireland-claims-36376499.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article36377104.ece/20bf2/AUTOCROP/h342/BELGIUM%20EU%208.jpg
Email
Theresa May pulled out at the last minute from a deal to break the Brexit logjam after meeting fierce resistance from the Democratic Unionist Party, Ireland's prime minister has claimed.
Crunch talks between Mrs May and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker ended in Brussels without a deal after the DUP - which props up the minority Conservative Government in Westminster - made clear it would not accept any arrangement which saw Northern Ireland treated differently from the rest of the UK.
Irish Taioseach Leo Varadkar said he was "surprised and disappointed" by the break-up of talks just hours after all sides confirmed they were satisfied with a text which would guarantee "regulatory alignment" between Northern Ireland and the Republic in order to prevent the imposition of a hard border.
Downing Street made no response to Mr Varadkar's claim.
But it is understood that, as well as the impasse over Ireland, disagreement remains over the role of the European Court of Justice in overseeing EU citizens' rights in the UK after Brexit.
Both Mrs May and Mr Juncker said they were "confident" of reaching agreement in time for a key summit of the European Council on December 14, when it is hoped that leaders of the remaining 27 EU states will give the green light for the start of trade talks.
The Prime Minister is expected back in Brussels for further talks before the end of the week, though sources declined to confirm reports that she would meet Mr Juncker and chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier on Wednesday.
European Council president Donald Tusk later disclosed that he had been preparing to move negotiations on to the second phase - dealing with trade and the transition to the post-Brexit EU/UK relationship - until the last-minute call for more time.
Mrs May arrived for her lunchtime talks with Mr Juncker with expectations high for a breakthrough on remaining "divorce" issues which might allow Brexit negotiations to move on to their second phase by Christmas, easing the pressure on businesses to activate contingency plans to move staff and activities outside the UK.
But Irish pronouncements over an imminent deal on the border sparked a firm response from the DUP, which has previously warned it could withdraw its support for Tories in Westminster if a deal is proposed which threatens the integrity of the United Kingdom by effectively establishing a customs border in the Irish Sea.
Speaking at Stormont, DUP leader Arlene Foster said: "We have been very clear. Northern Ireland must leave the EU on the same terms as the rest of the United Kingdom. We will not accept any form of regulatory divergence which separates Northern Ireland economically or politically from the rest of the United Kingdom."
Her comments were swiftly followed by statements from the leaders of devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and London, making clear that any special status for Northern Ireland would prompt demands from other parts of the UK for their own tailor-made Brexit.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said that if one part of the UK could stay in the single market, there was "no good practical reason why others cannot do the same".
Allowing Northern Ireland alone to retain regulatory alignment with the EU would put Scotland at " a double disadvantage when it comes to jobs and investment", she said.
Wales would "fully expect" to be offered the same deal as Northern Ireland to stay in the single market and customs union, said First Minister Carwyn Jones, while London's Labour Mayor Sadiq Khan said a "similar deal" could help preserve tens of thousands of jobs in the capital, which voted overwhelmingly to Remain in the EU.
Mrs May broke off from talks with Mr Juncker to speak by phone with Mrs Foster, and it was shortly afterwards confirmed that talks were ending without a deal.
The Prime Minister said "a lot of progress" had been made, with "a common understanding" on many of the divorce issues.
But she added: "On a couple of issues some differences do remain which require further negotiation and consultation."
Mr Juncker said that the EU and UK were "narrowing our positions to a huge extent", but that two or three issues remained "open for discussion".
In a press conference in Dublin, Mr Varadkar said that representatives of the UK Government and Mr Barnier's team informed Irish negotiators early in the day that a form of words had been found which might satisfy the Republic's demand for a "cast-iron guarantee" of no hard border after Brexit.
"The Irish negotiating team received confirmation from the British Government and the Barnier taskforce that the United Kingdom had agreed a text on the border that met our concerns," said Mr Varadkar, adding that he confirmed Ireland's support for the text to Mr Juncker and Mr Tusk.
"I am surprised and disappointed that the British Government now appears not to be in a position to conclude what was agreed earlier today," he said.
"I accept that the Prime Minister has asked for more time, and I know that she faces many challenges and I acknowledge that she is negotiating in good faith.
"Ireland wants to proceed to phase two - it's very much in our interests to do so. However we cannot agree to do this unless we have firm guarantees that there will not be a hard border in Ireland under any circumstances."
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said the failure of talks showed Mrs May's Government was " completely ill-equipped to negotiate a successful Brexit deal for our country", while former Ukip leader Nigel Farage said she should "leave office now".
But Tory MPs and peers who attended a briefing at Westminster from the PM's chief of staff Gavin Barwell and Brexit minister Steve Baker voiced satisfaction that divisions between Northern Ireland and the mainland had been avoided.
Leading Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg said that moves to "dismantle" the territorial integrity of the UK were "intolerable", while Remain-backing former minister Anna Soubry said that no Tories wanted different rules for different parts of the country and that the simplest way of avoiding this was for the whole UK to stay in the single market.
The man had left his silver Acura running in front of his Capitol Hill home for an instant, to run inside his rowhouse to retrieve his son and grab a snack. That's all the time it took for someone to jump in the car and drive off. Hours later, the thieves returned and stole the man's other vehicle.
And just like that, a family was out of transportation.
D.C. police are searching for two Acuras — a four-door sedan and a gray SUV — taken last week from the same block on F Street NE and owned by the same couple.
Police statistics show that there has been a spate of 15 car thefts in January in the patrol area where the couple's home is located, roughly from Stanton Park north to Gallaudet University. Eleven of the car thefts occurred south of G Street NE, several along Maryland Avenue. Police say 56 cars were stolen in that patrol area in 2014.
D.C. Police Cmdr. Jeff L. Brown, who runs the 1st District station, attributed the rash of car thefts to people he said are using the vehicles to commit other crimes, mainly robberies, in areas such as Brookland, Trinidad, and in some areas east of the Anacostia River.
“They come into an area and steal multiple cars and then use those cars to commit crimes,” Brown said, adding that officers have made at least two arrests and recovered some vehicles, though not in the couple's case. “We think that might be going on again.” Brown called the number of thefts “a huge increase” and said he is taking steps to bring it under control. “We're definitely concerned about it,” he said.
The couple's bad luck began Thursday morning when the 36-year-old father of two retrieved his silver Acura and parked it in front of his house. The temperature was well below freezing, and he left the car running and unlocked, as he rushed inside to get his youngest son, who was sitting in the doorway. He grabbed some snacks in the kitchen, and when he returned the car was gone.
“I was standing there dumbfounded for a second,” said the owner, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because no arrest has been made. He said a neighbor saw a dark gray Volkswagen Jetta pull up in front of his Acura. A passenger jumped out of the Jetta and got into the Acura, and both cars drove off. He said a surveillance video captured the incident.
“The cars sped up F Street, went north on Sixth Street, west on G, and that was the last anybody saw of the vehicles,” the man said.
The couple changed the locks to their house and installed a security system. On Thursday night, the man's wife returned home with their second Acura and parked it on the street. Friday morning, as her husband prepared for day care, he found the SUV gone as well. The clicker for that car was on the key ring from the Acura stolen on Thursday, and the owner thinks someone walked up and down the street clicking until a door unlocked.
Tanbo art is a Japanese creation in which people plant various types and colors of rice and ‘grow' a giant picture in rice paddy fields.
It all started back in 1993 when the village of Inakadate, about 600 miles north of Tokyo, was looking to create a project that would ‘revitalize' the local economy. They needed a way to attract tourists and Japanese rice field art was born.
Every April, the villagers meet and decide what to plant for the year. Prior to planting, farmers sketch out the designs on computers to figure out where and how to plant the rice. In 2007, over 700 people helped to plant the design. In Inakadate, the fields used are approximately 15,000 square meters (3.7 acres). The best time to view the rice field artworks is in September. [Source]
Four different types of heirloom and modern strains of rice are planted and cultivated to create the paddy art. For example, purple and yellow-leafed kodaimai rice is used along with local green-leafed tsugaru roman varieties. [Source]
Following Inakadate's example, other villages such as Yonezawa in Yamagata prefecture, have started to create their own tanbo art. The growing attention and competition has made competing villages go bigger each year, also incorporating more contemporary figures in Japanese culture like Naruto and Mazinger Z. [Source]
With artworks ballooning to over 15,000 square meters (3.7 acres), viewing towers have been erected in participating villages to allow tourists to actually see and appreciate the gigantic forms of land art.
OMB Control Number: 1653-0049
Expiration Date: 12/31/2020
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) investigates more than 400 violations of criminal law, ranging from child exploitation to transnational gangs. Use this form to report suspected criminal activity.
Be as specific and as detailed as possible. You are encouraged to provide any additional identifying details such as places of birth, countries of citizenship, and any numeric identifiers in the below narrative text box. The detailed information you provide will assist investigators as they look into reported violations.
We do not provide status updates for tip information provided. If you provide information, you can be assured that it will be promptly forwarded to the responsible office for follow-up action as deemed appropriate.
Do NOT send the same information more than once, and do NOT file a duplicate report by calling the HSI Tip Line.
Although there is absolutely no guarantee that tip information provided will result in monetary payments, ICE has the discretion and statutory authorization to pay for information and/or evidence that is used in support of criminal investigations.
Anonymous tips may be reported on this form and may also be reported to ICE via the toll-free HSI Tip Line, (866) 347-2423
TTY for hearing impaired only: || TTY para personas con discapacidad auditiva solamente: (802) 872-6196
If this is an emergency, call 911.
* = Required Fields
As you've likely inferred from my recent posts I've spent a lot of time in recent days and weeks piecing together different elements of the Trump/Russia story. I've brought other colleagues into the work and plan to expand that once we have people hired for the three new investigative positions I discussed last month. Today everyone is talking about the inexplicable news about Jeff Sessions. But there's another dimension of the Trump/Russia story which has only become clear to me recently but which provides a critical backstory for understanding the background of this scandal and news story.
Let's go back to the story of Felix Sater, the Russian-American immigrant, convicted felon and longtime Trump business associate we discussed last week.
Let me review two separate streams of information which are critical to understanding the story. First, here are some basic and well-attested facts about Felix Sater.
Sater began his professional life as a New York City stock broker; spent 15 months in prison for stabbing a man in the face with a broken wine glass in a bar fight; and then became involved in a pump and dump penny stock scheme in association with the Gambino and Genovese crime families. When he and his associates were arrested in the securities fraud scheme in 1998, Sater tried to make a deal to save himself.
According to reliable accounts, what Sater offered to do was work with the CIA to facilitate the purchase of Stinger missiles on the weapons black market in post-Soviet Central Asia. According to his accomplice and business partner, Salvatore Lauria, who wrote a book detailing the story, the CIA was more keen on working with Sater than was the FBI, which had recently been burned by its longstanding and close working relationship with Whitey Bulger. The plan eventually fell apart. It seemed like Sater and Lauria might end up doing hard time. They had defrauded investors over more than $40 million. Then 9/11 happened and everything changed. Suddenly the federal government was much more interested in Sater's help.
Lauria later disowned the book which he had cowritten with an AP reporter, David Barry, claiming it was fiction. But Barry insists that he reported out everything contained in the book.
Sater's attorney Robert Wolf made various seemingly hyperbolic claims about Sater's cooperation for federal law enforcement and intelligence. He told The Washington Times in early 2015 that Sater worked on “the most serious matters of national security, battling our greatest enemies at tremendous risk to his own life and for the benefits of all citizens of our country … [saving] potentially tens of thousands, if not millions, of our citizens' lives.”
Needless to say this all sounds wild and improbably novelistic. And you would expect Sater's attorney to make extravagant claims about the value of his clients cooperation. Despite being well-attested, we don't know directly from the US government that any of these wild claims are true. But the statements and actions of federal law enforcement strongly suggest that even if some of the details are off, Sater's assistance was of an exceptional character.
The US government went and continues to go to extreme lengths to keep Sater's cooperation and work for the government a secret. Until quite recently, it went to great lengths to keep Sater's conviction itself, and all documents related to it, a secret. It took the extraordinarily rare step of managing the entire adjudication of Sater's crimes in secret, with all documents kept secret. Federal judges even pursued what might reasonably be called a vendetta against two lawyers who used leaked information about Sater's case in lawsuits growing out of a failed Trump building venture, Trump Fort Lauderdale, as well as lawsuits on behalf of victims in the original pump and dump scheme.
The federal government also kept Sater on as a cooperating witness for fully 11 years before finally sentencing him in 2009 for the plea deal in 1998. In a $42 million securities fraud case, Sater received no jail time, was not forced to pay restitution and was fined a mere $25,000. In other words, he walked away from the crime with close to no punishment. The controversy over the government's secrecy in the Sater case, as well as his minimal punishment, got enough attention that it eventually bubbled up from the criminal courts to the governmental and political realm. During her 2015 confirmation hearings, Attorney General Loretta Lynch was asked about the propriety of the government's cooperation with Sater, in part because she had been the US Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, where Sater's case was adjudicated.
In response to questions from Sen. Orin Hatch, Lynch wrote (emphasis added):
The defendant in question, Felix Sater, provided valuable and sensitive information to the government during the course of his cooperation, which began in or about December 1998. For more than 10 years, he worked with prosecutors from my Office, the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and law enforcement agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement agencies, providing information crucial to national security and the conviction of over 20 individuals, including those responsible for committing massive financial fraud and members of La Cosa Nostra. For that reason, his case was initially sealed.
Lynch's references to “national security” has been echoed by other judges involved in Sater's case, ones who have gone to great length to prevent the release of documents tied to Sater's case.
It is impossible to know precisely what Sater was doing during this decade. But statements from government officials, news reports and Lauria's book make clear that it required him to have extensive associations with and knowledge of the mafia and touched not just on organized crime but specifically on critical matters of national security. Based on published reports and Lauria's book, it seems extremely likely that it also required him to have extensive knowledge of and contacts in the criminal underworld in the former Soviet Union. Clearly the US government saw Sater's cooperation as highly important. Otherwise it would not have gone to such lengths to get it, to keep it secret and to protect Sater after the fact. Lynch's words to Hatch speak volumes.
Then there's Mikhail Sater, aka Michael Sheferofsky, Felix Sater's father.
In 2000, two years after Felix was arrested in the securities fraud scheme, Mikhail Sater was charged along with Ernest “Butch” Montevecchi, a soldier in the Genovese crime family, for running an extortion ring in Brighton Beach between 1990 and 1999. In a separate legal filing by the plaintiffs in the suit seeking restitution for Felix Sater's stock fraud, petitioners claimed that Mikhail Sater was a boss in the Semion Mogilevich crime organization. Mogilevich is considered one of Russia's most notorious organized crime figures and was until 2015 on the FBI's most wanted list. Mikhail Sater also became a cooperating witness in the Eastern District and received three years probation.
There has been great deal of controversy over whether the federal government should have provided such protection for Felix Sater. For our present purposes, that's beside the point. What is relevant is that he was highly connected in the criminal underworld and the federal government found his cooperation extremely valuable.
Now, I've covered a lot of ground here, albeit compressing as much as I've been able a highly complex and florid story. You will no doubt see that Donald Trump's name does not come up in any of these crimes. My aim here is simply to demonstrate who Felix Sater is, his connections with a transnational criminal underworld stretching from New York's Outer Boroughs to Central Asia and (quite likely but not totally proven) meeting up with the weapons market where organized crime touches on international terrorist networks.
We don't just know this information about Sater. Just as importantly we know that the FBI, attorneys in the Eastern District of New York and almost certainly the CIA also knew about Sater's connections with these worlds since they were enlisting his apparently extremely valuable cooperation to help conduct investigations and national security operations in those realms.
Here's where I think this becomes significant to the present moment. If you line up Sater's story and his time as a cooperating witness with his time as a top business associate and finally employee of Donald Trump, they overlap almost exactly.
Trump first met Sater and got into business with Bayrock Capital, where Sater was a cofounder, in 2003. In Bayrock, Sater partnered with Tevfik Arif, a former Soviet trade and commerce official from Kazakstan. Trump and Bayrock partnered together on numerous building projects and Sater was the point man on most of them. The most notable is Trump Soho, which was financed with money from Russia and Kazakstan. There was also Trump Fort Lauderdale, the Sater-managed project whose collapse first triggered the revelation of Sater's 1998 securities fraud conviction. Trump's work with Bayrock continued until 2010 when Sater went to work for the Trump Organization full time – again, putting together deals and financing for Trump-branded building projects.
Let's put this together.
The federal government knew who Sater was, his ties to the criminal underworld, business ties into that world in the former Soviet Union, etc. They also had to know of his deep and longstanding association with Donald Trump, his key role in numerous Trump projects during the first decade of this century and his role arranging financing for these projects. We don't know if the federal government had specific knowledge of the details of these business transactions or whether or how deeply Donald Trump was reliant on capital from Russia and more generally the murky world of oligarchs and underworlds that Sater is clearly immersed in and from which he appeared to draw investment capital. But they likely would have suspected as much, at least that Trump had uncomfortably close ties to someone like Sater.
They wouldn't have had to look far to confirm these assumptions. Take the Trump Soho project. In April 2016, The New York Times published a story on Trump Soho based on lawsuits which grew out of the project in 2011 and 2012. Consider this passage. And yes, Lauria is the same Lauria who was at the '90s bar fight where Sater stabbed the man in the face. He was Sater's accomplice in the 1998 pump and dump scheme and the author of the book that detailed Sater's work for the FBI and the CIA …
Mr. Lauria brokered a $50 million investment in Trump SoHo and three other Bayrock projects by an Icelandic firm preferred by wealthy Russians “in favor with” President Vladimir V. Putin, according to a lawsuit against Bayrock by one of its former executives. The Icelandic company, FL Group, was identified in a Bayrock investor presentation as a “strategic partner,” along with Alexander Mashkevich, a billionaire once charged in a corruption case involving fees paid by a Belgian company seeking business in Kazakhstan; that case was settled with no admission of guilt.
Here's another passage …
Mr. Kriss's lawsuit was filled with unflattering details of how Bayrock operated, including allegations that it had occasionally received unexplained infusions of cash from accounts in Kazakhstan and Russia. Bayrock and Trump SoHo drew more negative headlines in October 2010, when news spread from Turkey that Mr. Arif had been aboard a luxury yacht raided by the police, who were investigating a suspected prostitution ring that catered to wealthy businessmen. He was charged but later acquitted.
Whatever US law enforcement and intelligence knew about the specifics of Trump's relationship with and his dependence on investment capital out of Russia and the former Soviet Union, material like this in public court filings surely would have raised red flags about Trump's businesses.
As long as Donald Trump was just a high-profile and frequently clownish real estate tycoon from New York and the star of The Apprentice, this probably didn't matter very much. After all, as I've noted, there's no specific evidence that Trump was involved in any of Sater's criminal activity.
But at some point in 2014 or 2015, Donald Trump started moving toward having a credible shot at becoming the President of the United States. By early 2016 that became a real possibility.
(One notable, though perhaps distinct, detail is that we can be sure that the attorney general of the United States at the time, Loretta Lynch, knew a level of detail about Felix Sater and his father Mikhail that only would have been possible as the former US Attorney for the district in which Sater's trial was adjudicated.)
It seems quite probable that as Trump moved closer to the presidency in the early months of 2016, alarm bells started to go off in the FBI and the CIA, as the relevance of business partnerships with Sater and reliance on capital out of the former Soviet Union suddenly became dramatically more relevant. Again, as I said, as long as Donald Trump was just Donald Trump this didn't matter that much. There's plenty of dirty money sloshing around the New York real estate world. But when it started to seem plausible that he might become the next President, this would start to be a matter of great concern.
This certainly also added to the concern when popped up in a meeting with Michael Cohen and a pro-Russian Ukrainian parliamentarian with a dossier he asked Cohen to hand-deliver to Michael Flynn.
All of what I've said here would be an issue even if the Russian government had never inserted itself into the US election. It almost certainly predates any awareness within the US national security and law enforcement worlds that that was happening. But I suspect it is a critical backdrop for how this evidence was interpreted once it began to come to light. It quite possibly also informed and drove some of the scrutiny that was applied to Trump and his associates once it did.
[Did you enjoy reading this post? Considering supporting TPM by subscribing to Prime.]
Illustration: IEEE Spectrum; images: Microsoft Simulation of a mobile robot platform created by the Microsoft robotics group.
Advertisement
In 2007, Bill Gates wrote his influential "A Robot in Every Home" article in Scientific American*, envisioning a future "in which robotic devices will become a nearly ubiquitous part of our day-to-day lives." The article reflected his belief that robotics was going to be hugely important, and Microsoft had to have a major role in it. Two years earlier, Gates had asked one of his top lieutenants, Tandy Trower, also a big believer in robotics, to lead a group with the bold mission of bringing robots into the mainstream.
This week, word got out that, as part of its current restructuring, Microsoft decided to shut down its robotics group. (Two sources at Microsoft have since confirmed the news to IEEE Spectrum.) At a moment when excitement about the future of robotics seems to have reached an all-time high (just ask Google and Amazon), Microsoft has given up on robots.
Microsoft's decision may seem abrupt, but in reality the company's enthusiasm for its robot initiatives has been waning for years. After Bill Gates left his day-to-day role at the company in mid 2008, Steve Ballmer reportedly expressed dissatisfaction with robotics being just a "strategic initiative" at the company and wanted to know how it could become a significant revenue generator.
At that point, the group's main project was a robotics development and simulation software package called Robotics Developer Studio (RDS). The goal was to make RDS into a tool that would allow anyone to easily program a robot (doing what BASIC did for the PC, in Gates's view). But RDS was slow in attracting users, and the company was giving it away for free except to commercial users (which had to pay a fee). Gates and Trower didn't see that as a problem: they had decided that Microsoft had to first prove itself with the robotics community, and that they would look for revenue opportunities later. With Ballmer in charge, though, the lack of a clear business model became an issue.
Trower looked at different markets and decided that robotics could play a key role in helping with a problem many nations are facing: their rapidly aging populations. But apparently Ballmer and other Microsoft executives didn't agree with him, as Trower decided to leave and founded his own robotics start-up, Hoaloha Robotics, to pursue that idea. (Hoaloha has been working in complete secrecy for years, revealing very little about the robotic platform it's developing.)
"Robotic devices will become a nearly ubiquitous part of our day-to-day lives"
—Bill Gates (2007)
After that the group continued to work on RDS, eventually making it completely free in 2010. RDS adoption was still slow, and now it faced formidable competitors such as the Robot Operating System, created by Willow Garage, which gained significant traction in research labs. The last major RDS release happened in 2011. That year, the group showed off some demos, including a mobile robotic platform that used a Microsoft Kinect sensor to navigate [pictured above in a simulation]. As Kinect's popularity exploded among robot makers and researchers, it appears that the robotics group directed more efforts to areas like vision and navigation (just last week, the group organized an autonomous navigation challenge at an IEEE robotics conference in Chicago).
But it's unclear what the group's latest ambitions were, and what plan it had formulated to fit into Microsoft's overall business strategy. IEEE Spectrum inquired about the group's activities over the last year and received no response. It appears that, as Microsoft sought to downsize its research activities, its remaining robotics effort seemed a stretch.
We're confident that the departing researchers will find positions elsewhere, but still, it's frustrating to see a big company like Microsoft exiting an industry that, to quote Bill Gates in his SciAm article, "could have just as profound an impact on the way we work, communicate, learn and entertain ourselves as the PC has had over the past 30 years."
* Microsoft initially submitted the Bill Gates article to IEEE Spectrum. But after a disagreement over how much editing the manuscript needed (ahem, we thought it needed lots), the company withdrew it, later offering it to Scientific American. I still fume every time someone mentions that article to me.
Image caption A joint UK and Chinese team working at Diamond solved the structure of EV71 last year
The UK's national synchrotron facility - the Diamond Light Source near Oxford - is to become a world centre for studying the structure of viruses and bacteria that cause serious disease.
Diamond uses intense X-rays to reveal the molecular and atomic make-up of objects and materials.
It will now use this capability to image Containment Level 3 pathogens.
These are responsible for illnesses such as Aids, hepatitis and some types of flu.
Level 3 is one step down from the most dangerous types of infectious agent, such as Ebola, which can only be handled in the most secure government facilities.
"Viruses, as you know, are sort of tiny nanomachines and you can't see them in a normal microscope.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Prof Dave Stuart: “We get atomic-level information we can feed back to the chemists”
"But with the crystallography and X-ray techniques we use, we are able to get about 10,000 times the resolution of the normal light microscope," explained Dave Stuart, the life sciences director at Diamond and a professor of structural biology at Oxford University.
"This takes us from the regime of not being able to see them to being able to see individual atoms.
"And if we can look at 'live' viruses and get an atomic-level description of them, it opens up the possibility of using modern drug-design techniques to produce new pharmaceuticals."
Prof Stuart was speaking in Boston at the annual meeting for the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).
Image caption Diamond is sited on the Harwell science campus just south of Oxford
Diamond has been working for some time to get its "Crystal Lab" ready for Level 3 work, and the Oxford researcher used the US conference to announce that the preparation was now complete.
Synchrotrons work by accelerating electrons in a giant magnetic ring to near light-speeds.
As the particles turn around the circle, they lose energy in the form of exceptionally intense X-rays.
This light is channelled down "beamlines" where it hits targets put in its path.
The way the X-rays scatter off the atoms in these targets reveals their arrangement. This allows scientists to glimpse the shape of virus and bacteria components and get some insight into how they function.
Diamond has already been studying pathogens at lower levels of containment.
A good recent example, says Prof Stuart, is the Human Enterovirus 71 (EV71) that causes hand-foot-and-mouth disease.
The infection is relatively common in infants and children, especially across the Asia-Pacific region, and is characterised by fever, painful sores in the mouth, and unpleasant blisters on the hands, feet and buttocks. There is currently no vaccine or anti-viral treatment available.
A joint UK and Chinese team working at Diamond solved the structure of EV71 last year.
This allowed the researchers to see a kind of breathing motion in the virus that it uses to initiate the infection process. Evident also was the small molecule it picks up from the body's cells to shift itself from one state to another.
Image caption The Crystal Lab uses robots
"That molecule must be lost to cause an infection, but now that we can see in atomic detail what that molecule looks like, we can try to design a synthetic version that will attach more strongly," Prof Stuart told BBC News.
"That would stop the breathing and stop the infection process."
The British synchrotron's new status makes it now one of only two such facilities in the world where Level 3 study is undertaken; the other being in the US.
This means it will be a major draw for scientists across the world.
Prof Stuart stressed the operations at Diamond would pose no risk to others working on the Harwell site or in the immediate Oxfordshire area.
The pathogens will be brought to the synchrotron in crystal form in double-sealed containers that are not opened during their time at the facility.
They are manipulated robotically inside the Light Source and, what is more, they are destroyed in the very act of shining X-rays on them.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Didn't get any Athena Paradiso with Tart Cherry, Raspberry, and Cranberry while it was out in the market? This Saturday will be your very last chance to grab some before they're gone for 2016!
Join us for a very festive and fun Athena Paradiso Luau Tour this Saturday (3/19). We'll have fun games and contests with prizes (limbo contest, of course), a photo booth, and a professional steel drum player onsite. All this while sipping on some Athena Paradiso.
We will offer our regular tour ($14) that includes 36oz of onsite samples as well as a + 1 tour package ($25) that includes Athena Paradiso samples and any *one* of the following items of your choosing:
1.) 6 packs of Tropicália souvenir
2) 6 pack of Athena souvenir
3.) 4 packs of Athena Paradiso w/ Tart Cherry, Raspberry, & Cranberry souvenir
4.) Merch bag of 4 koozies + 2 stickers
Come grab some of this very special beer before it's gone for 2016!
Grinding Gear Games is ramping up for Path of Exile 3.0 - The Fall of Oriath. With the amount of interesting new revelations this week, and with the promise of more to come, it's a great time to be an Exile.
advertisement advertisement
Delivering DoTs to Change in 3.0
The biggest piece of news this week comes at the hands of a new article, a "manifesto", from the dev team about forthcoming changes to damage over time, or "DoT" abilities.
What the team has noticed over the years is that many had to invest a lot of time and effort to push out the same amount of damage as others using damage over time spells in a more synergistic way. Poison, Ignite and Bleeding are the DoTs most commonly used.
The goal is, of course, to "level the playing field" to bring more builds closer together in terms of damage values, power level and progression.
Secondly, when balancing the power of items and modifiers, we always had to take the potential for double-dipping into account. We had to reduce the power of core passives and common items that are effective for Ignite and Poison builds to the point where they're not worth the investment for other builds. Lastly, Ignite and Poison had to be reduced in power so they were at a desired damage level after heavy investment in effects that "double-dipped", making them virtually worthless for builds that didn't take advantage of these systems, creating another trap for players to fall into if they weren't aware of the minutia of the game mechanics.
According to GGG, more systems will be undergoing big changes in 3.0, though devs aren't ready yet to talk about them. Keep your eyes peeled!
On a semi-related note, the Cyclone gem will be getting some alteration. It has been present since 2013 and, since then, many players have been asking for improvement for pathing to ensure it reaches its target rather than be interrupted by the terrain. To show off how it's changing, check out the video below:
GGG had this to say, "Currently this is the only one we have announced. If we do find ways to improve others, then we'll hopefully announce them as soon as they've been through testing."
Speaking of 3.0, want to see some more of what you'll be facing while there? You can see several of the monsters you'll be facing off against in The Fall of Oriath, including this bad boy:
See several more monsters here.
Developer Q&A Part 5
The PoE community has gone crazy with its questions to the developer team and they have published the fifth in a series of Q&A covering a ton of subjects including whether or not the Legacy League launch was satisfying (it was!), inventory size, Halloween-exclusive MTX and more. You can read them all here.
When you started up GGG, you already had experience in the industry, right? Our founders had no professional game development experience when we started Grinding Gear Games. We had experience in our respective fields (like programming and art), but hadn't worked on a commercial game of this scale before. We now have over a decade of experience each, but it was a bit of a trial by fire.
In addition, we asked the team what, if any, questions had surprised them. Here's what they had to say:
We read a lot of feedback and questions from the community, so none of the Q&A ones surprised us, but there were some very cool ones! Our favourite ones are questions that ask about office life, how to get in to game development, or give us an opportunity to address community concerns. The most memorable one was "Is it OK to feel guilty for killing an albino rhoa? The poor thing was scared and running away, and I slaughtered it. Does that make me a bad person?". This is an interesting ethical dilemma!
Starting Your Journey as an Exile
Last on this week's docket is abeginner's guide from Path of Exile streamer Ghazzy featuring currency and crafting in game.
It's always nice to see the community shine and GGG does a stellar job of it every single week. We asked devs about their commitment to community:
With numerous reports suggesting that Apple was to begin selling an unlocked model of its iPhone 4 smartphone this week, the handset has gone live today on the US Apple Store, allowing customers to purchase both 16GB and 32GB variants.
Prices for the 16GB model begin at $649.00, with the 32GB costing $749.00 – both devices are available in black and white.
Currently, the unlocked phones would only work on GSM carriers. This could indicate that Apple is already flushing out stocks of the iPhone 4 to make way for the next iPhone refresh. What's more interesting though is that this move could possibly set a precedence for unlocked versions of the upcoming iPhones not just in the U.S. but in other countries too.
Customers will need to supply their own MicroSIMs to use the unlocked iPhone handsets, but without a lengthy contract term they should be able to secure better deals with AT&T but also T-Mobile.
Delivery dates are set at between one and three days, with devices available in Apple Stores also.
Read next: Facebook faces wait to end Winklevoss twins' lawsuit
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
There's a whiff of Weimar in the air. During the years of the Weimar Republic (1919-33), Germany was threatened by Communist revolutionaries and Nazi uprisings. Foreign Minister Walter Rathenau was assassinated, and violent street fighting was commonplace. Then Adolf Hitler took power in 1933.
America is nowhere near that point. But many surely agree with The American Interest's Jason Willick, who wrote Sunday that "this latest round of deadly political violence has" him "more afraid for" the United States than he has "ever been before."
But as he pointed out, this political violence -- identity politics violence is a more precise term -- began well before Saturday's horrifying events in Charlottesville, Virginia, and before the election of Donald Trump. Examples include the June 2015 murder by a white racist of black churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina, and the July 2016 murder by a Black Lives Matter sympathizer of five police officers in Dallas.
This year, we've seen a Republican congressional candidate shove a reporter in Montana and a Bernie Sanders booster shooting at a congressional Republican baseball practice and seriously wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise in Alexandria, Virginia.
In Charlottesville, there were multiple bad actors. White nationalists and neo-Nazis uttering vile racism demonstrated against removal of a Robert E. Lee statue. One drove a car into a crowd -- killing one young woman and injuring about 20 others -- a tactic of Islamic terrorists.
Many so-called antifa (anti-fascist) counter-demonstrators, some disguised with masks, attacked the Lee statue supporters with deadly weapons. "The hard left seemed as hate-filled as alt-right," tweeted New York Times reporter Sheryl Gay Stolberg from Charlottesville. "I saw club-wielding 'antifa' beating white nationalists being led out of the park."
As Stolberg noted, the police not only failed to separate the two groups but maneuvered them into direct and predictably violent confrontation. Antifa believes that hateful words are violence and that they're entitled to be violent in response, as they have been on campuses from Berkeley to Middlebury -- a view profoundly at odds with the rule of law. "The result," writes Peter Beinart in The Atlantic, "is a level of sustained political street warfare not seen in the U.S. since the 1960s," led by a group that is "fundamentally authoritarian."
President Trump was widely criticized -- by many conservatives, as well as liberals -- for his Saturday statement condemning "this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" without specifically denouncing white nationalism. Barack Obama faced much less criticism in July 2016 when he lamented the Dallas police murders but went on to decry "the racial disparities that exist in our criminal justice system."
On Monday, Trump, obviously under pressure, said: "Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
Then, in a Tuesday Trump Tower press availability, Trump defended his Saturday statement but was hectored by reporters for condemning the "alt-left" demonstrators and allowed himself to be drawn into a needless debate over the merits of Robert E. Lee and whether protesters will soon target George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. Gratuitously and apparently without evidence, he said there were "some very fine people" in both groups.
Like Obama in 2016, Trump this week was (mostly) accurate. But both presidents made themselves vulnerable to the charge of sending dog whistles to favored groups -- playing identity politics. Both failed, to varying degrees and with varied responses, to deliver undiluted denunciations of criminal violence and bigotry.
What's ironic is that the percentages of Americans who support white nationalism or antifa violence are in the low single digits. "Groups like the KKK," reports political scientist Ashley Jardina on a 2016 survey of white Americans, "are deeply unpopular."
But Americans have grown increasingly accustomed to the view that your politics are determined by your racial, ethnic or gender identity. Politics is seen as a zero-sum battle for government favor. College and corporate leaders join in.
Universities sponsor separate orientations, dormitories and commencements for identity groups. (Are separate drinking fountains next?) A corporate CEO fires an employee who has challenged the dogma that only invidious discrimination can explain gender percentages in job categories different from those of the larger population.
America today is a long way from Weimar. But identity politics threatens to get us a little closer. Possible solution: Unequivocally condemn bigotry and violence and, in the fired Google engineer James Damore's words, "treat people as individuals, not as just another member of their group."
6. THINK YOUR BABY SHOULDN'T BE BABIED
Despite old-school wisdom, it is virtually impossible to spoil your baby by being attentive to their needs or holding them in your arms for much of the day. Dr. Tovah Klein, director of the Barnard Toddler Center at Columbia University, underlines that "you can't spoil a baby by holding them or responding to them too much. Research shows just the opposite. Babies who receive more sensitive and responsive care (so their needs are responded to) become the more competent and independent toddlers."
Holding your baby in your arms or in a sling, responding to cries, and comforting them when they're frustrated can only help. After all, babies cry for a reason: it's a signal that something is amiss and they need mom's or dad's help to fix it. Knowing that mom or dad is there to make right the things that go wrong creates a sense of security that stays with them as they grow.
LEE BERMEJO Talks BATMAN: NOEL
For many comic fans, it's good to know there are more creative ideas coming out of DC Comics than just the much-hyped monthly "New 52."
One of those creative ideas is Batman: Noel, a new graphic novel that has an outside-continuity story, yet features a compelling artistic style. Set to be released on November 2nd, the book was created by Lee Bermejo, the artist who won notoriety for his hauntingly detailed work on the Brian Azzarello-penned book Joker and his ground-breaking Superman stories in Wednesday Comics.
After the success of Joker, DC gave Bermejo the creative license to write and draw his own graphic novel — something rare for artists in the age of superstar writers.
What resulted was Batman: Noel, a story that borrows its structure from Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol, but gives the classic story the dark edge that's inherent in anything set in Gotham City. The "ghosts" that Batman encounters on his journey (Catwoman, Superman and Joker) may echo those from the familiar Dickens tale, but Bermejo twists the story to fit the haunted world of Gotham.
When DC revealed a few previews for the book earlier this month, it was clear thatwas a labor of love for Bermejo, with stunning artwork that is jaw-droppingly detailed.
Newsarama talked with Bermejo — and got an exclusive Batman: Noel page from DC. And as we talked to the writer artist, we found out the artist wanted to use a more childlike theme for Batman: Noel, but his artistic approach is meant to give the book its markedly grown-up depth.
Newsarama: Lee, you'd mentioned in New York original idea for Batman: Noel came out of your desire to theme a graphic novel like a kids' book. Why?
Lee Bermejo: I just wanted to do something different than what I'd been doing. I had just come off two villain books, and even before that, I did a book called Batman Deathblow. And all these projects were very dark and serious and kind of gritty. I just wanted to try something a bit different. To do something that thematically was different too.
Nrama: But looking at the pages, this clearly isn't a kid's book.
Bermejo: No, no. My wife makes fun of me when I mention kids, because she says, "If you think this Batman story is for kids, you clearly don't know kids, and it's pretty obvious we don't have children."
I don't think it's a children's book. But it has visual qualities and a narrative quality that mirrors that, purposefully so.
I think there's also something very interesting about that juxtaposition. It's hard to imagine Batman in a children's book. I like contrast, and I like juxtaposing things like that.
When I was a kid, like four or five years old, I was obsessed with the Batman TV show in the '60s. And I took it totally seriously. At that age, I took it completely seriously. I didn't get the fact that it was kind of played for laughs. I didn't understand why my mom was rolling her eyes or chuckling.
I think there's something kind of interesting there — to play the book seriously, but kind of wink and nod sometimes.
Nrama: And this is a play on Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. So is that where there's a bit of a wink and a nod?
Bermejo: Sure. It's not an adaptation; it follows its own story. It follows the structure of A Christmas Carol. And you have a narrator who's telling you the story of A Christmas Carol and it's open to interpretation, and he gets some parts of it wrong. But the actual story you're following visually is its own thing.
It's about a desperate father who has fallen on hard times, and he gets a job working for the Joker. And he quickly realizes that that's not for him.
But Batman actually ends up using him as bait to catch the Joker. That's how the story begins.
Nrama: Are there actually three ghosts?
Bermejo: No, none of these characters are playing the actual Dickens characters.
But you'll see characters in the story who are analogous to the ghosts. There are characters who fit in with the roles that those ghosts play in Dickens. The "Ghost of Christmas Past" is a sequence with Catwoman. The "Ghost of Christmas Present" is a sequence with Superman, and the "Ghost of Christmas Future" is Joker.
The roles these characters play at that moment in the story help serve the same purpose that the ghosts serve in A Christmas Carol.
Nrama: Does it take place at any certain point in continuity? Like between two certain issues?
Bermejo: It doesn't necessarily fit into any particular continuity. It's hopefully something that any reader can pick up without having to know a ton about Batman.
I think the neat thing about these characters now is that everyone knows who is a Batman is. They're familiar with the fact that he's Bruce Wayne, and that the Joker is his arch-nemesis. They even know about Robin.
So this is a story that even someone who doesn't know any more than that about Batman can pick up and understand and enjoy.
Nrama: Since you're both the writer and the artist on this series, what does that open up for you creatively, and what's the process like? A lot different than working with a writer?
Bermejo: Oh yeah. A lot different. I actually wrote the entire script, though, just for me, before I pitched it. It was kind of an exercise for myself.
I've wanted to write ever since I've gotten into comics. I wrote little things for myself when I was doing mini-comics and things, before becoming a professional.
But I just figure at some point or another, I've got to make the leap. I just have to do it.
Obviously, that's very different from how a lot of writer/artists work, having the story completely mapped out and finished before I started drawing.
At the same time, it's much easier, when you're beginning to illustrate it, to add or subtract as needed. There's no phone call or conference call to discuss it with the writer. You know what works with your own story.
Nrama: You mentioned earlier that your more recent work has been rather dark. How did you change things up for this book?
Bermejo: I definitely wanted to do something more lush with this book. I wanted a little bit more of a storybook nature to it. I wanted it more painter-ly and less traditional, particularly in terms of the storytelling style.
That's one of the reasons the book took so long to finish. Each of the pages was very involved.
I definitely wanted it to have a softer look than The Joker. That one was purposefully very angular and harsh looking, and even ugly in some parts. That was my intention.
This book, I wanted it to be much more pretty.
Nrama: I assume you probably didn't use as many darks and shadows? Or is that just inherent with a Batman story?
Bermejo: Yeah, I still did use a lot of shadows, but I think it reads differently for two reasons. When you're doing gray tones, things soften up a bit, just in general. Things become less harsh looking.
And secondly, I have to point out the colors on the book. Barbara Ciardo, the colorist, just did an absolutely amazing job. We just clicked. We started working together on Wednesday Comics, and that was a really great experience. This book in particular, it's like she just finished my sentences. We work very well together. She brings a quality to it that adds to that lushness.
Nrama: When you talk about the gray tones, is that the wash you're doing for Batman: Noel?
Bermejo: Yeah. I use ink wash and pencil rendering to kind of add some dimension to the characters. In this book in particular, in the backgrounds too, I tried to play with the concept of space a lot more and with the idea of Gotham being this big and dirty place. I think that's why the technique of it helps to make it feel more detailed and complete looking. It's the ink wash.
And in the back of the book, we have some sketchbook sections and art that shows how the book was made. So there are some examples of layouts and pencils and pencils and inks back there as well, so people can get an idea of what the process is like.
Nrama: Then to finish up, Lee, is there anything else you want to tell people about Batman: Noel?
Bermejo: Just that these characters are such a joy to work on and to explore in different ways. One of the reasons I think you can do a story like this is because an average reader already has an idea of whom these characters are. So hopefully, it will be something that will appeal to comic book readers and non-comic book readers alike.
Got a comment? There's lots of conversation on Newsarama's FACEBOOK and TWITTER
A Queensland man who has allegedly spent hundreds of thousands of dollars contesting a $250 speeding fine has vowed to become the first person to contest a speeding ticket in the High Court of Australia.
When he was pulled over by police in March 2012, Mustafa Al Shakarji secretly recorded the incident on his watch.
The police were also filming and the radar detected Mr Al Shakarji driving 88km/h in a 60km/h speed zone.
Mr Al Shakarji was not in danger of losing his licence, but still vehemently denies speeding.
Mustafa Al Shakarji is willing to take his legal battle over the $250 speeding ticket all the way to the High Court ()
"I was not speeding, absolutely," Mr Al Shakarji told A Current Affair.
Radar laser consultant Roy Zegers believes there were discrepancies in the radar reading.
"Devices should not be used in a heavily built-up area and in this case it was an extremely heavily built-up area," Mr Zegers said.
"The whole operation by the operator of the device comes into question because you are now using a device outside the guidelines."
Police video also shows the radar mounted to a steering wheel column, rather than the dashboard - another reason Mr Al Shakarji thinks he was in the right.
After five court cases, Mr Al Shakarji again lost in the Court of Appeal.
Mr Zegers believes that the overall price tag for contesting the fine is "at least $100,000", despite the fact that Mr Al Shakarji has been defending himself.
"I am sure, 100 percent, finally justice will be served. If not at this level, it will be the next. If not today, it will be tomorrow," Mr Al Shakarji said.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
The Biomedical Basis of Elite Performance 2016 (London, UK) (2016) Proc Physiol Soc 35, C04
Oral Communications
Repetition-load and systemic hormone concentrations do not determine resistance training-mediated adaptations in trained young men
R. Morton1, S. Oikawa1, N. Mazara1, C. Wavell1, C. McGlory1, J. Quadrilatero2, S. Phillips1
1. Kinesiology, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 2. Biology, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
We have previously showed that performing resistance exercise (RE) to volitional fatigue, regardless of load, results in similar increases in skeletal muscle mass, fibre size and strength. However, these studies were performed in RE-naïve trainees using unilateral leg exercises. Here we aimed to determine whether the same was true in resistance trained (RT) young men using a whole-body RE regimen. We also aimed to address if there were any associations between post-RE systemic hormone concentrations with changes in skeletal muscle hypertrophy and strength. Forty-nine RT men (mean ± SEM, 23 ± 1 y, 86 ± 2 kg, 181 ± 1 cm) were randomly allocated into a high-repetition-low-load group (HR; 30-50% 1RM: 20-25 repetitions/set, n=24) or a low-repetition-high-load group (LR; 70-90% 1RM: 8-12 repetitions/set, n=25) and performed 12 wk of whole-body RE. Skeletal muscle biopsies, one repetition-maximums, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and blood draws in response to an acute bout of HR and LR were all evaluated pre- and post-intervention. Groups were matched at baseline for age, lean body mass, training experience, and strength for leg press, bench press, knee extension and shoulder press (p > 0.05). In response to the 12 wk intervention, muscular strength increased for all exercises in both groups (p <0.01), with change in bench press significantly greater in the LR group (HR; 9 ± 1, LR; 14 ±1 kg, p < 0.05). Lean body mass, type I and type II muscle fibre cross sectional area increased following training (p < 0.01) with no significant differences between groups and no change in fibre type distribution. All hormones (cortisol, free testosterone, total testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, luteinizing hormone, free insulin-like growth factor 1, total insulin-like growth factor 1 and growth hormone) increased as a result of an acute bout of RE (p < 0.001). Bivariate correlations revealed that no hormone at any time point was significantly correlated with the change in hypertrophy or strength. A stepwise multiple linear regression model revealed that three hormones accounted for a significant proportion of variance related to the intervention-induced change in hypertrophy or strength. Pre-intervention, the post-RE AUC for free insulin-like growth factor 1 and cortisol explained 15% and 12% of the change in leg press and type 2 cross sectional area, respectively. Post-intervention, the post-RE AUC of cortisol explained 9% of the change in type 2 CSA. These data show that when RE is performed to volitional fatigue neither repetition-load nor post-RE systemic hormone concentrations are significant determinants of gains in strength or hypertrophy in RT individuals.
Where applicable, experiments conform with Society ethical requirements
Just twenty kilometres north of the spectacular Iguazu Falls, along the border between Brazil and Paraguay, was another natural wonder even more spectacular than the Iguazu. The so-called Guaíra Falls or Seven Falls (Sete Quedas in Portuguese) was a series of 18 immense waterfalls on the Paraná River located at a point where the river was forced through a narrow gorge. At the head of the falls, the river narrowed abruptly from a width of about 380 meters to 60 meters, creating one of the most powerful waterfalls on earth with a flow rate twice that of the Niagara Falls. The churning water created a deafening noise that could be heard from 30 km away. For many years, it was a tourist attraction and a favourite among the locals, until 1982 when the Brazilian military blew away the rocks over which the water fell to create a reservoir for the newly constructed Itaipu Dam.
Photo credit
The Itaipu Dam is the largest operating hydroelectric plant in terms of annual energy generation, generating close to 100 TWh of power each year, that accounts for 75% of the electricity consumed by Paraguay and 17% of that consumed by Brazil. To build such a massive dam some sacrifices had to be made, and one of them was to flood the Guaíra Falls.
Months before the great flood, thousands of tourists flocked to the area to see the falls for the last time. When a group of enthusiastic tourists walked over a poorly maintained suspended footbridge, it collapsed under the weight resulting in the death of 80 people.
As the waters began to rise, hundreds of people gathered to participate in a guarup, an indigenous ritual in memory of the falls. The inundation took only 14 days, occurring during the rainy season when the level of the Paraná River was high. By October 27, 1982, the reservoir was fully formed and the falls had vanished. The Brazilian government later dynamited the submerged rock face of the falls, to promote safer navigation on the river.
The director of the company that built the dam, later issued a statement saying, "We're not destroying Seven Falls. We're just going to transfer it to Itaipu Dam, whose spillway will be a substitute for [the falls'] beauty".
Also see: Lake Reschensee and the Drowned Village of Graun and The Thousand Island Lake and Ancient Submerged Cities
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
Guaíra Falls, after they are was flooded. Photo credit
Sources: Wikipedia / Newtown News / Britannica
“PEACE DOES NOT APPEAR TO BE SO DISTANT”: One hundred and fifty years ago today, Robert E Lee surrendered the Virginia army to Ulysses S. Grant. This ended the American Civil War, more or less. It took several days for the news to get around of course. The last recognized battle of the Civil War — the battle of Palmito Ranch — was actually fought over a month after the surrender, on May 12-13.
Here's how the New York Times celebrated the victory on April 10, 1865. “HANG OUT YOUR BANNERS!!”
And the New York Sun. “OUR NATION REDEEMED!”
And the New York Tribune. “THE REBELLION ENDED!”
Celebrations would be cut short. What would be the most tragic refrain of the closing war lay just a few days away.
Check our the Bowery Boys ‘New York City In The Civil War‘ series be done back in 2011, including shows on scoundrel mayor Fernando Wood, The Civil War Draft Riots, and the Hoaxes and Conspiracies of 1864.
________________________________________
THE BOWERY BOYS NEWSLETTER IS BACK! Our newsletter is better than ever, giving you updates on Bowery Boys related events right to your email. We send it out biweekly featuring some of the highlights from the blog and social media. PLUS we'll give hints as to some of the other exciting stuff we're working on in 2015. To sign up, just fill in the short form in the left-hand sidebar here on the blog.
________________________________________
YOU ARE THE BEST! Thanks to all of you who have donated through PayPal or signed up as a patron of the Bowery Boys through the Patreon service. This is a critical year of growth for us as we look to double the number of podcasts we do in a year PLUS debut a whole new set of New York City history-related projects. Including a book, arriving in 2016! We couldn't do it without you. [Patreon]
________________________________________
VOTE IN THE WEBBY AWARDS: Some of you may remember a series of articles I wrote about the history of New York City in 1981, for a website called NYC.1981 which was a tie-in to the film A Most Violent Year starring Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain.
The blog was just nominated for a Webby Award for Best General Blog – Cultural! Voting for the Webby Awards is free. Just go over to the official Webby Awards site and vote for your favorites. If you'd like to check out my work of the site before you vote, you can find it all here. [Webby Awards]
________________________________________
#SAVENYC EVENT: The fire that devastated the East Village two weeks ago affected the livelihood of many businesses in the vicinity of this tragedy. On Saturday #SAVENYC is organizing a ‘cash mob' to bring customers back to this area of the East Village. Head on down to Second Avenue this Saturday and support some of these great mom-and-pop business. In particular pop into B&H Dairy, one of the oldest operating diners in all of Manhattan. [Jeremiah's Vanishing New York]
________________________________________
RETURN TO 1777 and 1970: And finally….it's the return of two New York City history-related television shows on AMC — the final season of Mad Men (Sundays, 10pm EST) and the second season of Turn: Washington's Spies (Monday, 9pm EST). I will be Tweeting live during both shows so follow me on Twitter at @boweryboys for trivia and entertaining tidbits about the historical events being depicted. (No plot spoilers, I promise!)
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin is under investigation by his own department for using government resources to take a private trip with his wife.
Two weeks ago, the media was buzzing over a controversy centering on Louise Linton, the wife of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin.
And now the buzz has spread to the Office of the Inspector General within Mnuchin's own department.
On August 21, Linton posted an Instagram photo of herself disembarking from a sleek government-marked jet, during a trip with her husband to Kentucky to watch the solar eclipse from the roof of the Fort Knox gold reserve.
In the picture, she was adorned with tens of thousands of dollars in designer clothing and accessories.
The post did not go over well with some users.
Treasury Sec. Steve Mnuchin's wife Louise Linton has deleted this Instagram, which contained tagged designers and some interesting comments pic.twitter.com/MvPhPJtRze — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) August 22, 2017
Linton ultimately deleted the post, but before doing so, she wrote a snide response to an Oregon woman who called her out for misusing taxpayer money:
cute! ? Aw!!! Did you think this was a personal trip?! Adorable! Do you think the US govt paid for our honeymoon or personal travel?! Lololol. Have you given more to the economy than me and my husband? Either as an individual earner in taxes OR in self sacrifice to your country?
The problem for Linton, and Mnuchin, is that after seeing the Instagram photo, the Treasury Department does suspect they are inappropriately billing the government for personal travel.
Following ethics complaints by Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden and the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), the Office of the Inspector General for the Treasury is now investigating the trip.
Counsel Rich Delmar confirmed the office is “reviewing the circumstances of the Secretary's flight to Louisville and Ft. Knox to determine whether all applicable travel, ethics, and appropriation laws and policies were observed.”
Furthermore, the Treasury has confirmed they will be requiring Mnuchin to reimburse the government for the trip.
The reckless and possibly illegal spending of Mnuchin and his wife contrasts sharply with Mnuchin's former tenure on Wall Street, where he systematically and cruelly ruined the lives of borrowers for the most minor financial lapses.
Mnuchin's bank, OneWest, foreclosed on 36,000 homes, often refusing to let people restructure, and was accused of discriminating against people of color. OneWest even foreclosed on a ninety-year-old borrower for failing to pay 27 cents.
Today, Mnuchin advocates rolling back Obama-era financial regulations that curb abuses like this.
The spectacle of Mnuchin and his wife using a government plane to get a good seat for the solar eclipse, after he spent a career throwing working families out of house and home over pennies, is a perfect illustration of class disparity and privilege in America — coming right from the federal government and put on display for all to see.
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's legal defense of some key initiatives including his signature healthcare law is collapsing as courts put cases on hold until after President-elect Donald Trump, hostile to the policies, assumes office on Jan. 20.
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and Softbank CEO Masayoshi Son exit together after meeting at Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., December 6, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The pending conservative legal challenges could undo important elements of Obama's presidential legacy if Trump, as expected, opts not to defend the Obama policies in court or simply ditches the initiatives that are under attack.
Since Trump's election on Nov. 8, various courts have delayed action in three groups of cases that will not be resolved before Obama leaves office and blocked an administration regulation from going into effect in another.
They include a challenge by House of Representatives Republicans to an important provision in the Obamacare law, and cases concerning religious objections to that law's mandate that employers provide health insurance coverage for birth control.
They also include Obama's executive action, put on hold by the Supreme Court in June, to spare from deportation millions of immigrants in the country illegally, and his administration's bid to extend overtime protections for workers.
Republican-governed states like Texas were behind some of the biggest challenges to Obama policies.
“We have a host of cases pending against the federal government due to the Obama administration's overreach,” said Marc Rylander, a spokesman for Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican who has sued the administration on various issues including immigration. Rylander said Texas officials “will continue to pursue all of these cases and look forward to working with a new administration.”
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on Monday put on hold the House Republican Obamacare challenge until at least Feb. 21.
Trump and Republican congressional allies have said they plan to repeal and replace the law, meaning the case could become moot.
The Obama administration opposed the delay in that case, but agreed to put on hold its effort to revive Obama's 2014 immigration plan.
The administration and the states that challenged the plan filed a joint motion on Nov. 18 saying the case should be put on hold “given the change in administration.” Trump has vowed to crack down on immigrants in the country illegally and is expected to abandon Obama's blocked policy.
BIRTH CONTROL COVERAGE
The series of cases pending in lower courts concerning efforts by Christian groups to obtain an exemption to a provision of the Obamacare law requiring employers to provide health insurance coverage for contraceptives are also in a holding pattern. The Supreme Court sent the cases back to lower courts in May, throwing out several rulings in favor of the administration.
The lower courts are now awaiting the change in administrations.
In one of the cases, before the New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, lawyers for some of the religious groups said in court papers that a delay “will afford the newly-inaugurated president and new administration an opportunity to take a fresh look at this litigation and consider potential resolutions acceptable to all sides.”
In the labor case, a federal judge on Nov. 22 prevented Obama's regulation to extend mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million salaried workers from going into effect on Dec. 1 as scheduled. That will give Trump leeway to change course when he takes office.
So far, courts have not delayed action on several other cases involving key Obama policies, including a state and industry challenge to rules to curb greenhouse gas emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants. An appeals court in Washington heard oral arguments in September but has not yet issued a ruling.
Trump has said he plans to rescind the regulation.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court has agreed to decide a major transgender rights case that hinges in part on the Obama administration's policy position in support of a female-born transgender high school student named Gavin Grimm, who identifies as male and sued in 2015 to win the right to use the school's boys' bathroom.
The court has not yet scheduled oral arguments in the case. It is due to rule by the end of June.
More and more we are transforming into a society of subscribers. Netflix gives us endless, on demand movies and TV. Spotify does the same trick for music. And even though libraries have done this for books, for free, for more than a century, so far there hasn't been a digital, all-you-can-eat subscription platform for books. Start-up Oyster is changing that.
Today Oyster launches its iPhone platform giving users 100,000 titles, from publishers like HarperCollins, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Workman and self-publishing giant Smashwords , for $9.95 a month. An iPad version will be released later this fall.
The simple, made-for-mobile app was created by tech veterans Eric Stromberg, Andrew Brown and Willem Van Lancker just last summer. In a year the team not only built the product but, more impressively, was able to seal deals with some publishing heavyweights. Stromberg, who cut his start-up teeth at eCommerce company Hunch, spent three months working with lawyers, authors and publishers to craft workable contract. Meantime Brown, who was a product manager at Google 's DoubleClick division, built the tech platform. Van Lancker, the former lead designer for Google Maps, crafted the user interface. The three founders used their tech connections to raise $3 million from Peter Thiel's Founders Fund, Chris Dixon, SV Angel and Shari Redstone.
Like Netflix, Oyster lets users search by title, genre and also offers recommendations for topics in the news, or in theaters. Since it's on the iPhone, Oyster has social features that let you follow friends to see what they're reading and vice versa. There's also a privacy mode, in case you don't want to advertise that self-help book or Vampire novel (or any other in the "paranormal lust" category) to your network. Stromberg and Van Lancker are tight lipped about how publishers or author get paid through the platform--Netflix licenses content out-front, while Spotify pays publisher each time a song is played.
Oyster's an obvious option for voracious readers, or those of us living in 300 sq ft studios. It's also perfect for skimming select chapters of business books or health books that you're curious about but not willing to pay full price for. Ditto for junk books. Another plus, Oyster brings with it the anonymity of the Amazon Kindle that has made the likes of Fifty Shades of Grey blockbuster hits .
If Oyster itself is a hit, it seems inevitable that Amazon, Apple and Google will jump in with their own subscription business, if they aren't already working on them. The founders don't seem too concerned. “It's out of our hands,” says Stromberg as we sit in Oyster's minimalist loft space off Broadway in New York. “So doesn't make too much sense to worry about it.” Van Lancker adds that unlike giants like Apple and Amazon Oyster has one clear mission: "Our focus is books, that's all we think about."
Related on Forbes:
An Indian village has banned unmarried women from using mobile phones for fear they will arrange forbidden marriages that are often punished by death, a local official said today.
The Lank village council decided unmarried boys could use mobile phones, but only under parental supervision, said one council member, Satish Tyagi. Local women's rights group criticised the measure as backward and unfair.
Marriages between members of the same clan are forbidden under Hindu custom in some parts of northern India, where unions are traditionally arranged by families. In conservative rural areas, families sometimes mete out extreme punishments, including "honour killings", for those who violate marriage taboos. In some cases, village councils themselves have ordered the punishments, though police often intervene to stop them.
The Lank village council feared young men and women were secretly calling one another to arrange to elope.
Last month, 34 couples eloped in Muzaffarnagar district, where Lank is located, in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, police said. Among the couples who did so, eight "honour killings" have been reported in the past month, police said.
"Three girls were beheaded by the male members of their family after they eloped," said the police assistant director general, Brij Lal, in the state capital of Lucknow.
Rulings by village councils – called panchayats and comprising village elders selected by the community – are not legally binding in India but are seen as the will of the local community, and those who flout them risk being ostracised. In Uttar Pradesh, panchayats are particularly powerful and have declared that boys and girls of the same clan are essentially siblings.
The mobile phone ban for unmarried women is part of a wider, regional effort to curb intra-clan marriage among the 3 million people of western Uttar Pradesh, Tyagi said. The Lank council ruling, which applies to around 50,000 people, is being considered by councils in nearby villages.
"The village council members feel that cell phones helped in the elopement of young couples," he said by mobile from Muzaffarnagar.
Most marriages in the region are still arranged by the parents, sometimes without the couple meeting before the wedding. But young people are mingling more, with more women in schools and offices and increased access to the internet. They are also watching more western TV shows that focus on independence and individuality, sociologists say.
Mobile phones, meanwhile, have become so common and affordable that even city slum dwellers, rural day labourers and children have them. Across the nation of 1.2 billion people, there were more than 670m mobile phone connections as of August, with the number growing by nearly 20m a month, according to government figures.
The local women's rights group, Disha, said the ban demonstrated the councils' archaic mindset, and warned that it could put girls at a disadvantage in other areas of life.
"These help in easy communication, which in turn helps these youths to get jobs. One cannot discriminate in the use of these contraptions on the basis of sex," said the Disha president, KN Tiwari.
Update: Magic City passed its reinspection this week with a score of 98, according to a Fulton County official.
Eli Jones, deputy director for the department of enviromental health, said the adult entertainment club was reinspected on Wednesday. The strip club failed a health inspection on June 7.
> Vote: Would you eat at a strip club?
Original story: A popular adult entertainment club in Atlanta failed a restaurant health inspection this week, according to officials.
Magic City received a score of 54 on Tuesday after inspectors noted no soap or paper towels at the bar hand sink and improperly washed dishes, according to the report.
A health inspector also noted "severe" build up of debris on the soda gun and moldy sour cream.
Read the full health inspection report here.
Magic City provides bottle service, an extensive drink menu and a lunch and dinner food menu, including chicken wings and burgers.
GQ called Magic City "the most important club in the most important city in the hip-hop industry" in a 2015 documentary.
Multiple attempts to contact representatives at Magic City were unsuccessful.
Like a man trapped in a Groundhog Day loop of blood, strippers, and very mean looks, Robert Rodriguez has once again cast Danny Trejo in From Dusk Till Dawn. The Machete star will appear in the second season of From Dusk Till Dawn: The Series, which began airing last year on Rodriguez's recently launched El Rey Network. The announcement is just the latest in a 20-year collaboration between the two, an ongoing inspiration for those who hope to see peace in our time between angry-looking people and guys who always wear cowboy hats.
The pair first worked together in 1995, when Rodriguez cast Trejo in his breakout Hollywood hit, Desperado—a role that helped kick off the actor's prolific career of intimidating glowering. Since then, Trejo has appeared in the majority of Rodriguez's movies, including the Spy Kids films and the original From Dusk Till Dawn—a stylish 108-minute trifle that secretly contained the seeds from which a 20-hour miniseries might grow.
Advertisement
In a sad note for fans of the original movie, though, Trejo won't be reprising his role as Razor Charlie, a stone-faced vampire bartender who's surprisingly open to semantic arguments about Class Two driver's licenses. Instead, he'll be playing a new character in the From Dusk Till Dawn 'verse: The Regulator, “a horrifying agent of evil who has been summoned to perform a deadly errand.” Presumably that means something more extreme than a really dangerous trip to the grocery store, because you don't cast someone with Trejo's fearsome mien just to pick up an extra carton of eggs.
Step Up 2-star Briana Evigan will also be joining the cast as Sonja, a tattoo artist with a sideline in forging passports. This will be Rodriguez's first time working with Evigan, a novel, potentially unsettling experience the director hopefully will have grappled with by the time shooting commences.
I thought I would write a quick demo about one problem of the Oculus Rift DK2 that not been addressed, the coverage of the positional tracking camera. Generally it works really quite well, but if you move outside it's field of view then tracking will stop, immersion will be lost and the experience degraded. The camera is pretty standard, they've not designed anything new, just adapted a fast, reliable (and cheap) off the shelf sensor. It doesn't have an amazing field of view so it's quite easy to move outside this range.
52º is actually pretty narrow…
If Oculus hopes to have a system whereby you can navigate a whole room then 52º just can't cut it. A 90º view would mean you could place the camera in the corner of a room and it would be able to look along the walls.
Not everyone will want to sit near a corner….
Ideally we have a system that has 180º coverage so it can be placed on a suitable wall and the user has little danger of moving outside it's field of view.
So just get a wide angle camera right?
Actually this isn't an optimal solution since wide angle lens create not only a huge amount of distortion but the center of the lens, where the user is likely to spend most of their time, is compressed so the amount of ‘pixels on target' is actually quite low. Great for expressive photography but not so much for tracking LEDs at sub milimeter accuracy…
Instead a better solution is to simply use multiple cameras at a slight angle to each other providing 180º+ coverage. By this I mean we have three camera sensors on a single circuit board, not three separate cameras.
I created a quick playable demo in Unity to show the idea. A camera on either side of the central camera gives us significant overlap. The three bottom ‘screens' show what each of the camera can see, when you move to the side the LED markers are transferred to the other camera.
We don't have to worry about strictly lining up the images since they won't be displayed. The cost is marginally more expensive, but imaging sensors are really very cheap, so the camera would only be a couple of dollars more expensive.** There is a slight processing overhead when moving from one sensor to the next as more markers would need to be tracked.
It is inevitable that Oculus will move to using camera on the HMD to track position (and pass through a picture to the user) but this may not come for another couple of consumer versions, so in the meantime using multiple low field of view cameras together to give a wide field of view tracking is quite possible.
You can ‘play' the demo here. Press 1 and 2 to switch from a 90º camera watching three 72º overlapping cameras to a 160º camera in the same position and move your mouse. You can see the sphere behind the ‘displays'. In a real application the cameras would not move, the user would, but the demo allows you to move the camera to show how they would overlap and still give you a wide, undistorted field of view.
** A quick Goggle reveals the sensors in the Oculus camera are actually about $9 each! More than I hoped but still not crazy money…
The experts over on Reddit had this to say:
3rd_Shift: “It seems utterly preposterous to pursue a multiple camera solution with the added cost and complexity that entails when you could achieve the same result with a wide-angle lens and a higher resolution camera.”
Randomoneh “Have you ever used a fisheye lens?It seems like you're confusing fisheye for rectilinear lens.”
My reply :
Last week the Center for American Progress released a study about things we already kind of knew, namely the fact that LGBT populations experience higher rates of substance use and abuse, and that this fact may be the result of systematic discrimination and prejudice. These are facts that we keep hearing and re-stating and complaining about hearing again, but there's a reason that we keep hearing them, and that's because no one is doing anything about it.
You've probably heard them before, but let's run through the numbers.
+ Gay and trans people smoke tobacco up to 200 percent more than their heterosexual and nontransgender peers
+ 25 percent of gay and transgender people abuse alcohol, compared to 5 to 10 percent of the general population
+ Men who have sex with men are 12.2 times more likely to use amphetamines than men who do not have sex with men and are also 9.5 times more likely to use heroin
+ Gay and lesbian adults are roughly twice as likely as the general population to be without health insurance coverage, and rates of uninsurance are even higher for transgender and bisexual individuals
Granted that this study is a little bit less than fair because it tends to lump statistics for cis women, cis men, trans women and trans men altogether under the title of ‘gay and transgender people,' it still speaks loudly to the utter lack of resources available to LGBT people in the face of adversity, and later, in the face of a health crisis.
Despite the flaws that may be present in the study, it's a big step in the sense that rather than painting a portrait of depraved individuals lying in gutters or empty hotel rooms, we're starting to actually make the connections between the individuals and the causes, and through this, we're starting to understand the gravity of the effect. At the most simple and possibly most dramatic, we can say that discrimination is literally killing us. At the least, we can say that the manner in which substance abuse is viewed combined with the lack of resources available for LGBT people is not only dangerous but downright irresponsible.
At the same time, however, some of these numbers are caused by less dramatic ideas — LGBTs reliance on “bar culture” for socialization is also a contributing factor.
The Center for American Progress attributes LGBT substance abuse primarily to what it calls minority stress, or “the negative effects associated with the adverse social conditions experienced by individuals of a marginalized social group.” Minority stress ranges from individualized attacks such as verbal or physical harassment to more institutionalized forms of discrimination in areas like employment, housing, relationship recognition and healthcare. Also, there's often tension between LGBT people and their families or communities that lead them to feel alienated in a way that easily engenders substance abuse. From having to remain in the closet to being kicked out of one's home to having to deal with a breakup you can't talk to anybody about, the list of reasons LGBT people are more likely to turn to substances to cope than other people are numerous.
And while it seems like kind of a stretch to say that discriminatory laws are an indirect cause of substance abuse, the danger in systematic discrimination is that it implies an invalidation of personhood. Although ideally we'd all get our validation from someplace besides the government (or, you know, smash the state and liberate everyone from the tyranny of marriage), there's a certain level of validation that many people need from the state in order to, well, survive, and that's important too.
The problem is that we continue to trivialize substance abuse and pathologize individuals rather than ask tougher questions about what in our society might cause huge spikes of abuse in certain groups. It's actually scary because sometimes the only resources or coping mechanisms available to individuals dealing with ostracism, homophobia and violence are drugs and alcohol. These things are compounding upon each other and killing individuals while making it look like they're killing themselves. It frees society from the blame, and it frees the government from any sort of responsibility. It has an adverse effect on the LGBT community, facilitating a narrative of queer people as disposable drug addicts with little to contribute to society. And it almost seems to make sense: if the laws don't fully recognize us, why should we fully recognize the law?
We need to view substance abuse as a health issue, and we need to understand that the presence or lack of culturally competent healthcare providers can literally be a matter of life or death when it comes to LGBT folk seeking help. We should not consider it anything less than a right to have our health ensured by the government, and we should demand a level of cultural competence that makes us feel welcome and comfortable in health care facilities, not anxious, violated or unsafe.
FILE - This Oct. 10, 2013, file photo, shows an EpiPen epinephrine auto-injector, a Mylan product, in Hendersonville, Texas. Mylan, now in the crosshairs over severe price hikes for its EpiPen, said Thursday, Aug. 25, 2016, it will expand programs that lower out-of-pocket costs by as much as half. (AP Photo/Mark Zaleski, File)
Lawmakers at a contentious congressional hearing Wednesday chastised Mylan's chief executive for amassing an $18 million salary, while she evaded questions about how much profit the pharmaceutical company made off a lifesaving allergy treatment.
Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, held up an EpiPen to punctuate his point that epinephrine — “the juice” inside Mylan's device — costs about $1 a dose. The list price of a two-pack of the pens is $608, up about 500 percent in a decade.
At the hearing, outrage over drug-pricing once again united politicians from both sides of the aisle. It came months after “pharma bro” Martin Shkreli, former chief executive of Turing Pharmaceuticals, appeared in the same chamber because he had increased the price of a decades-old drug called Darparim from $13.50 to $750 a pill.
"Here we are again, and my guess is if it's happening in these two instances, it's probably happening in others," Chaffetz said during the hours-long hearing. "Maybe not as egregious, maybe not as big of a rapid rise, but I find this to be so extreme."
Proposed solutions included finding ways for the Food and Drug Administration to ease the drug-approval process so competition can help bring down prices and calls for greater transparency in pharmaceutical pricing.
But Heather Bresch, Mylan's chief executive, stayed firm in her message that the list price of EpiPen had increased because of the inherent complexity of the pharmaceutical marketplace and that few patients were paying the list price. She has attempted to shift blame away from her company to a network of middlemen that sits between drug companies and patients and take a cut of the price.
Bresch said that Mylan's efforts to cut down the price patients pay - including its plan to release a half-price generic version of EpiPen - would solve the problem.
It was the second time this week that lawmakers called a chief executive to Capitol Hill to answer for perceived wrongdoings. On Tuesday, Wells Fargo chief executive John Stumpf attempted to address questions about the creation of millions of sham accounts to boost sales.
Bresch has come under scrutiny not only for raising the price of EpiPen but also for the role her mother, Gayle Manchin, played in encouraging states to require schools to stock epinephrine as head of the National Association of State Boards of Education, according to USA Today. Bresch's father is Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.).
Mylan acquired the drug in 2007 and raised the price of a two-pack from less than $100 to more than $600 today, which has led to fierce criticism from lawmakers and the public.
"I think many people incorrectly assume we make $600 off each pen. This is simply not true," she said, repeatedly saying that Mylan gets $274 for each sale of a two-pack, and of that $100 is profit.
But lawmakers were clearly frustrated as they struggled to understand how much total profit the company had made and how that had changed as the list price increased.
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (D-Md.) attempted to break down how much of the $912 million in EpiPen net revenue for Mylan in 2015 represented profit.
"How about this: Would you agree that you made hundreds of millions of dollars in profit in 2015 based on the sale of EpiPens alone?" Cummings asked, clearly frustrated that Mylan had not provided documents to answer the question and requesting that Bresch furnish the information to the committee.
[How Mylan, the maker of EpiPen, became a virtual monopoly]
Bresch emphasized that in the eight years Mylan has owned EpiPen, the company has invested to "enhance the product and make it more available," estimating the total investment at more than $1 billion.
For example, in 2009, changes to the device improved it, Bresch said. But those changes also gave Mylan renewed patent protection for EpiPen, insulating it from possible generic competition even though the drug was first approved nearly three decades ago. At the same time, Mylan began a pattern of large, biannual price increases. The efforts that Mylan has made to increase the awareness of anaphylaxis, a life-threatening allergic reaction, has resulted in increased availability of emergency epinephrine in schools but also benefited its bottom line.
While Bresch's testimony and answers stressed Mylan's commitment to providing access to the drug, lawmakers - even those who specifically said that they supported a company's ability to make a profit - were skeptical about the company's tactics.
"As someone who considers themselves to be a free-market Republican, part of me has been uncomfortable with where this hearing has gone," said Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.). "But I have to defend both my Republican and Democrat colleagues, because you asked for it. ... If you want to come to Washington, if you want to come to the state capitols and lobby us to make us buy your stuff, this is what you get. You get a level of scrutiny and a level of treatment that would ordinarily curl my hair."
Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) waved a contract that schools could sign to get access to discounted EpiPens, pointing out that a condition of getting the discount was a requirement that schools not buy competitors' products. "You're so concerned about these kids that you limit the schools' ability to buy the pens from anyone else," Duckworth said.
The New York attorney general's office has launched an investigation into whether there are antitrust issues or anticompetitive terms in any of Mylan's contracts with schools.
Also at the hearing was Douglas Throckmorton, deputy director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the Food and Drug Administration. He was asked questions about the generic backlog but said he could not comment on the number of epinephrine injector products waiting for regulators.
The heat of the hearing was focused on Bresch, who is the latest political punching bag for an issue that is beginning to follow a pattern: A drug company finds itself in the crosshairs for raising the list price. The solution that is usually discussed is encouraging competition.
But as Throckmorton pointed out, four epinephrine autoinjectors have been approved, and two are on the market.
Douglas S. Boothe, president of the generics division at Impax Laboratories, which makes a competitor - the authorized generic of Adrenaclick - said in an interview that his company is ramping up its manufacturing capabilities.
But he noted that since his drug is not considered a true generic of EpiPen, one challenge is that if a physician writes "EpiPen" on a prescription, it cannot be substituted by a pharmacist in more than half of states without rewriting the prescription.
That may be one factor that helps fuel EpiPen's dominance, with a market share of over 90 percent.
"You virtually have a monopoly, and you've used it to your advantage - but unfortunately, it's at the expense of people who need it," said Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.). "I'm wondering what your sense of social responsibility is to those people.
Correction: A previous version of this story misstated the profit Mylan makes on EpiPen. It is $50 per pen.
Read More:
One pharmaceutical company's unusual solution to public fury over price hikes
Why Mylan's ‘savings card' won't make EpiPen cheaper for all patients
This drug is defying a rare form of leukemia — and it keeps getting pricier
A new military formation was lunched in Ghota in Rural Damascus called ‘Al Majd Brigades', adding a new faction to the Free Syrian Army. The launching statement included the following words, “We announce formation of Al Majd Brigades due to the current circumstances in Syria generally and in Ghota specifically to support the efforts and sacrifices provided by other opposition factions in Ghota against all tyrant powers targeting the Syria civilians.”
The statement called “fighters of opposition factions in Ghota to undermine discrepancies and empower the common interests of the Syrian people with all of its components;” and concluded, “let's pound the fortresses of tyrants and defend our lands and honor, powered with our faith, unity, and tolerant Islamic laws, to achieve the dream of the great Syrian people in freedom, dignity and redressing injustice.”
The main component of Al Majd Brigades is the Abo Mosa Al Ashaari Brigade, that separated from Al Baraa Brigade in Al Rahman Legion refusing recent internal strife in Ghota.
Noteworthy that Al Ashaari brigade is well-known in Eastern-Ghota since the beginning of revolution for big number of qualified fighters, sacrificing more than 250 martyrs so far, per activists.
In parallel, Islam Army launched a new battle on frontlines of eastern Doma city in Eastern Ghota against regime forces and militias, with noticeable participation of Al Majd Brigades.
RFS correspondent, Abdul Momen Issa – Rural Damascus
No sooner has one retailer confirmed the availability of the ASUS Transformer Prime than another has begun notifying customers that orders are being cancelled due to limited availability. Amazon has been sending out emails to some customers informing them that their pre-orders for the 32GB Transformer Prime has been canceled “due to a lack of availability from our suppliers.” Any money already spent on reserving the slate will be refunded.
“Hello, Due to a lack of availability from our suppliers, we will not be able to obtain the following item(s) from your order: “ASUS TF201-B1-GR Eee Pad Transformer Prime 10.1-Inch 32GB Tablet (Amethyst Gray)” We've canceled the item(s) and apologize for the inconvenience. If you see a charge for the canceled item, we will refund you within 1-2 business days.”
The move raises questions about availability from other merchants and echoes a similar supply-and-demand issue surrounding the first version of the tablet. Retailers had a hard time keeping the first Transformer in stock after a component shortage led to lower than expected production levels. We can't say for certain if Amazon's withdraw of certain pre-orders is a sign that similar problems are at hand with the Transformer Prime or if the stock issues arise from greater than expected demand. For now let's just hope this is an isolated incident with Amazon.
[Thanks to all who sent this in!]
The thing with virtual reality is, you really need to try it out to "get" it. And since head-mounted displays aren't considered a necessary gadget like phones yet, something like a touring VR film festival will allow more people to experience the technology. The Kaleidoscope VR Film Fest will showcase around 20 short films from around the world, including one called Butts (see above) by American director Tyler Hurd. You will be able to watch them on Oculus Rift and on Samsung Gear VR headsets if you attend, though you do have to pay an entrance fee priced at $10 for students and $15 for regular folks. If you want to skip waiting in line to watch the shorts, you can shell out $99 for a VIP ticket.
Bryce Harper wears Katie Ledecky swim cap during Nats' celebration
Bryce Harper gave Katie Ledecky the ultimate nod on Saturday when celebrating the Nationals' division title.
Washington beat Pittsburgh 6-1 while the Mets lost to the Phillies, giving the Nats the NL East. The team celebrated by spraying some bubbly and beer around the clubhouse, and nobody had on a better outfit than Harper.
The reigning NL MVP was seen wearing a Katie Ledecky USA swimming cap, along with some swimming goggles.
Bryce Harper is wearing a Katie Ledecky swim cap pic.twitter.com/4EipBwrEj7 — Danny (@recordsANDradio) September 25, 2016
That was a cool way for Harper to honor Ledecky, who took home five medals at the Summer Games in Rio — including four golds. You may recall that Ledecky, who is a Washington D.C. native, has some history with Harper. The swimmer threw out the first pitch prior to a Nats-Orioles game in August and brought her medals, leading to this hilarious photo.
MDDClone Section The Mercenary/Damocles/Dion Crisis Clone for PC
Welcome to the MDDClone: an on-going project that brings the Mercenary series of games to modern computers. The latest version includes Mercenary 1: Escape From Targ, The Second City, Damocles, and Mercenary III: The Dion Crisis.
Copyright notice: Since Novagen is no more, the copyright for these games now presumably resides with Paul Woakes - the original author. The Mercenary Site has the explicit agreement of the former Novagen team to distibute MDDClone on a not-for-profit basis, noting that this effort is in no way associated with Psygnosis and/or Sony. Gentlemen - our sincere thanks in the name of all the fans of the Mercenary series.
Note: be wary of downloading MDDClone from other websites. We have an exclusive agreement with the MDDClone author meaning that the latest releases will be here and nowhere else!
There are now 2 versions of the MDDClone here
Original port for Windows (from 98 to Vista).
This original version is hosted here and no place else. Will there be new versions, you should find them here. Contact: Please send any feedback, comments, bug reports and the like directly to the MDDClone author. The MDDClone-SDL here
SDL port by Szymon Ender
Runs on Windows (no Vista guarantee), Linux, OSX...
See Szymon's MDDClone-SDL page which will contain the most recent releases. Szymon is working way too much for me to be able to update the site in time for each new release ;-) But it seems the project is on hold for now. Contact: Please send feedback to Szymon. His contact info is inside the launcher program, About tab, and inside documentation.
The MDDClone
The MDDClone-SDL
Back to main Mercenary page
2 LA area hikers hoisted off Cucamonga Peak Trail; 1 gravely injured
A San Bernardino County sheriff's helicopter rushed a man to the hospital with life-threatening injuries Saturday before returning to rescue a woman with less-serious injuries.
Both were injured after falling while hiking the Cucamonga Peak Trail in the San Gabriel Mountains, authorities say.
Hugo Rivera, 50, of Los Angeles was spotted by a patrol helicopter about 400 feet below the trail, while Hortencia Brown, 42, of Thousand Oaks, was seen on the trail at an elevation of about 7,200 feet, according to a San Bernardino County sheriff's news release.
Due to the steep terrain and remote location, a helicopter equipped with a hoist was called to rescue both hikers. After responding, its crew “determined Rivera was in immediate need of medical treatment and lowered rescue and medical personnel to him,” the news release states.
Rivera was placed in a stokes litter and hoisted aboard. After leaving rescuers with Brown, the crew flew Rivera to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton with life-threatening injuries, the news release states.
The crew returned after leaving Rivera at the hospital and lowered additional medical staff to Brown, who was placed in a rescue harness and hoisted aboard. According to the news release, her injuries were not life threatening and she was flown to a waiting ambulance.
Share this:
View more on Press Enterprise
A few years ago, my son asked me if he could play GTA on his xbox. I told him that when he was old enough to write an essay on misogyny and its effects on society then he could play. A few days ago, he came to me and told me he'd been watching episodes of Feminist Frequency and felt that he was ready to write that essay. His stepmother, @zjemptv​ and I came up with a list of questions. His answers, transcribed below (spelling errors corrected):
1. What is misogyny?
Misogyny is for men to think they're better than women and they abuse women to show their dominance but that just make them look like jerks. If this is put into games too much, women would think it's horrible and start hating the game. For example in Mass Effect you could slap the mean news lady. That equals to misogyny.
2. Give 3 examples of misogyny in video games that you've seen played on YouTube
In GTAV you do anything but if you shoot only women that counts to misogyny. Another example in video games is like wrestling. Some games allow you to beat women up in wrestling games. In any game that has misogyny some history events sometimes have women abuses in some games you can rape in those games that have misogyny.
3. Why might these examples of casual misogyny in video games be correlated to real life interpersonal violence toward women?
It's probably a bad thing to rape women either in real life or in games. If a child is doing that in games it could teach them wrong. Imagine a dimension where misogyny switched places! It could be opposite but by the way rape nd abuse is all the way totally wrong.
So, should I let him? ;)
Next month, my daughter Ella will turn 11 years old. She's a beautiful girl, with blond hair and green eyes. She's an amazing artist, a brilliant writer, and she can do the splits without even warming up.
And if I hadn't had an amniocentesis, she would have died the day she was born.
Just over 11 years ago, I received a call from my obstetrician's assistant to let me know that there was an anomaly in my recent blood test. "It's probably just a testing error," she assured me.
But when I returned the following week to have the blood test redone, the anomaly showed up again. There was a foreign antibody in my blood stream that shouldn't have been there. I was six months pregnant, and up to that point my pregnancy had been completely normal.
Rather than turning to my local politician for prenatal advice, I followed the guidance of my obstetrician, who sent me to a perinatologist, who recommended I have an amniocentesis. Because he had a medical degree and years of experience treating pregnant women, I followed his recommendation.
That day, he stuck an alarmingly long needle directly into my growing belly to sample the amniotic fluid around my baby. The results weren't good. She had Rh negative disease.
Advertisement
Rh negative disease occurs when a mother has a negative blood type and a baby has a positive blood type. My negative blood perceived Ella's positive blood as a foreign body that it needed to destroy. And that's what it was doing. Every day, little by little, my body was wiping out every one of her red blood cells.
Before the 1960s, Rh negative disease was responsible for the deaths of thousands of babies whose mothers, like me, had negative blood. They usually carried their babies to term and gave birth to them, only to have them die or suffer extreme brain damage as a result of the anemia and jaundice that occurs with this illness.
Advertisement
In the 60s, a drug called RhoGAM was approved by the FDA to prevent this disease, and it has since saved hundreds of thousands of lives. In almost every case when it is administered in time it is effective. But in my case, it wasn't.
Amniocentesis is the recommended test to diagnose this disease, and it enables doctors to define a course of action to treat and monitor these babies for the best possible medical outcome. Had I not had that amniocentesis I likely would not have discovered that she had this illness. I would have carried her to term, given birth to her, and watched her die in my arms.
Instead, thanks to the amniocentesis, my doctor tracked her progress relentlessly. Every week after that I had another (expensive) prenatal screening test, called a serial ultrasound, through which he was able to monitor the anemia that grew steadily worse than more of her blood cells were destroyed — and track the development of her lungs so that she could be delivered at the best possible moment for her safety. The day he saw that her lungs could function on their own, he delivered her.
Advertisement
Ella was born four weeks premature, a tiny five-pound bag of bones, with bright yellow hair and eerily orange skin from the jaundice. Within hours of her birth she was given a full blood transfusion – they replaced every single drop of her damaged blood with new blood that would save her life. Then she spent the next five days in the NICU with cotton blinders taped over her eyes and five bilirubin lights shining on her to reduce the jaundice, while my husband and I took turns sitting at her side round the clock, watching her struggle to survive.
For months after she came home, she had to have weekly blood tests to make sure the anemia was in control. They had to draw the blood from her heel because her fingers were too tiny to prick. Finally, at three months her own defenses kicked in and she started producing her own red blood cells.
Happily, she made a full recovery and has no lingering effects from the disease. And it's all thanks to that one medical test.
Advertisement
If Rick Santorum had his way, I wouldn't have been able to get that test, and she most likely would have died. Because according to him, tests that give parents vital information about the health of their unborn children are morally wrong. Though he has no medical training, and no business commenting on the medical decisions that women and their doctors make, he argues that such tests shouldn't be provided, or that employers at least should be allowed to opt out of paying for them on "moral grounds."
Eleven years ago, my husband and I had two kids and a mortgage, and like most young families we didn't have $2,000 to pay for a test that my husband's employer might object to on moral grounds.
So, while Mr. Santorum may think that his blowhard opinions about when and where women should be allowed to have medical tests is righteous, I say it's ignorance.
Advertisement
In the Catholic church where I was raised, pride, arrogance and an overinflated sense of oneself were considered sins. But in Rick Santorum's world they are virtues, and they make up the foundation from which he proclaims how other people should live their lives.
When I read stories in the news about countries where women are prevented access to birth control, or the freedom to work, or the right to make choices about their bodies and their lives, I wonder how a leadership with such crazy ideals could ever gain power. But as I look at what's happening in the debates leading up to this presidential election in our own country, it has become chillingly evident.
As a nation, we are at the precipice of a slippery slope where men in power are arguing about how to take basic rights away from women. I shudder to think what lays at the bottom of that slope, but if Rick Santorum has his way we will all soon find out.
This post originally appeared on Open Salon, and was also published on Salon. Republished with permission.
Advertisement
Want to see your work here? Email us!
FILE - In this Sept. 22, 2016, file photo Attorney General Loretta Lynch takes a question during a news conference at the Justice Department in Washington. Hate crimes tear at the fabric of American communities and represent a stain on the country's soul, Lynch said at a mosque and Muslim community center on Dec. 12. Lynch spoke at the Dulles Area Muslim Society Center as law enforcement across the country confronts a spike in hate crimes targeting Muslims. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File)
STERLING, Virginia (AP) — Hate crimes tear at the fabric of American communities and represent a stain on the country's soul, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said at a mosque and Muslim community center on Monday.
Lynch spoke at the Dulles Area Muslim Society Center as law enforcement across the country confronts a spike in hate crimes targeting Muslims.
Her speech at an interfaith gathering in the waning weeks of the Obama administration was intended to reaffirm the Justice Department's commitment to safeguarding civil rights and protecting racial and religious minorities.
But she also acknowledged concerns from minorities that divisive rhetoric and a new administration could lead to an erosion of some of the progress she said had been made in the last eight years.
Recently released FBI statistics show that the number of hate crimes targeting Muslims that were reported to law enforcement rose by 67 percent in 2015, to the largest number since the year of the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks. Overall hate crimes rose by 6 percent last year. Many hate crimes go unreported.
“Behind every number is a person,” Lynch said. “Behind every statistic is someone whose rights have been violated. Behind the pages of the reports lie communities who are now more afraid than before and more afraid than any American should ever feel.”
Hate crimes, she said, should be of concern to every American.
They tear at the “fabric of our communities. They also stain our dearest ideals; they stain our nation's very soul.”
The FBI and Justice Department are responsible for investigating and prosecuting hate crimes under federal law. A Connecticut man who fired a rifle at a mosque and a North Carolina man who ripped off a woman's hijab on an airplane are among those convicted of hate crimes in recent months.
Lynch was scheduled to travel to New York City Tuesday for a discussion with lesbian, gay and transgender youth at Harvey Milk High School, and to visit the Stonewall Inn and the new Stonewall National Monument, the site of a 1969 clash that sparked the gay-rights movement.
Lynch, who this year sued the state of North Carolina over a bathroom bill the administration said discriminated against transgender individuals, said a “pernicious thread” connects hate crimes regardless of the target. She linked an assault on a transgender man to violence against a woman wearing a hijab and to the June 2015 slaying of nine black men and women at a church bible study in Charleston, South Carolina.
In an apparent reference to the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump, Lynch said she was aware of the anxiety that the Justice Department's civil rights work might slide backward.
She acknowledged a trend of divisive rhetoric had made people concerned they could be in danger based on where they pray or what they look like.
But she said the work would continue.
“Is it going to be hard?” she asked. “Yes, it's always been hard.”
___
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
A senior Palestinian official warned Sunday that a move by the Trump administration to relocate the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem would be perceived as an act of aggression against the entire Muslim world.
“In our opinion moving the embassy to Jerusalem is a declaration of war against Muslims,” Fatah Central Committee member Jibril Rajoub, who also presides over the Palestinian soccer association, told The Times of Israel in an interview.
Rajoub, one of the most powerful figures in Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's ruling Fatah party, warned that “it is not inconceivable that the United States will give the Jews the keys to the holy sites in Jerusalem – sites also holy to both Christians and Muslims. If someone among you [Israelis] thinks there won't be consequences, he is making a grave mistake.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“We are talking about a dangerous step that won't bring stability to the ground,” he continued, adding that “it contradicts previous United Nations resolutions and the policy of the United States since 1967.”
“We don't intend to wave a white flag” in front of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu or US President Donald Trump, he declared.
Last week, Rajoub called Trump a “lunatic” and a “fascist,” attacking his promise to move the embassy to Jerusalem in an interview translated by MEMRI.
On Sunday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said talks had begun on moving the embassy, but seemed to indicate an actual move could be a long time away. “We are at the very beginning stages of even discussing this subject,” he said in a statement.
The statement contrasted with reports over the last several weeks that the announcement of the move could come as early as this week, but also confirmed that the administration intends to at least entertain the plan, despite warnings from the international community that it could significantly ramp up tensions in the volatile region.
Spicer's statement came about an hour before Trump and Netanyahu held their first phone conversation since Trump became president Friday, with the president inviting Netanyahu to visit next month. Neither the White House nor the Prime Minister's Office made any mention of the embassy move in statements sent out following the phone call.
Rajoub's comments echoed statements made by other officials in the PA and Fatah, as well as declarations by leaders in the Arab world, including in states that are considered moderate and have relations with Israel.
One such country, Jordan, a key player in the saga over the potential embassy move, has already said such a step would be “crossing a red line.” The ruling Hashemite dynasty in Jordan sees itself as the protector of the holy Muslim sites in Jerusalem, in particular the Al-Aqsa Mosque, which its stewards in the Islamic Waqf administer.
Thus, Amman asserts that if the new US administration follows through with its promise to move the embassy, it will constitute a direct attack on its authority in Jerusalem and its status at the city's holy sites.
Jordan's King Abdullah met with Abbas in Amman on Sunday to discuss the issue. According to Israel Radio, Abbas asked Abdullah to help establish a direct line of communication between the PA and the administration in light of growing anxiety regarding the embassy move.
Following the meeting, Abbas said that he and Abdullah agreed upon “a series of steps we'll take if the US moves the embassy to Jerusalem,” without elaborating.
A Palestinian official told Israel Radio after the meeting that if Trump gives the go-ahead to the embassy move, the PA will turn to the United Nations General Assembly to request a suspension of Israel's UN membership.
On Monday, a spokesman for the Jordanian government said that unspecified contacts were taking place to safeguard the kingdom's role as caretaker of the Muslim and Christian holy sites in Jerusalem, and declared that Israel, as an occupying power, has no right to make unilateral changes in areas it had taken by force.
Saudi Arabia has also warned of the consequences that will result from moving the embassy to Jerusalem.
Palestinian officials told The Times of Israel that any step by the Americans and Israelis to move the embassy to Jerusalem will likely have dramatic consequences. According to the officials, the leadership of the Palestinian Liberation Organization has already decided that if the move goes through it will renounce its recognition of Israel, as well as in practice its recognition of the Oslo Accords.
On Monday, the PLO leadership is expected to meet in order to deliberate the possibility the embassy will indeed by moved, as well as its response to such a step. “No one will try and no one can demand from people to act with restraint. No one will try to stop the demonstrations on the ground against a step like this,” the officials said.
Pressure builds toward a planned outburst
If a decision to move the embassy is made, Fatah will try to lead the demonstrations on the ground in order to prevent its rival Hamas from “stealing the show.”
But to a great extent Israel's concern should not be a spontaneous eruption on the ground, but rather an organized outburst, since the PA and Fatah – together with Arab states like Jordan and Saudi Arabia – have already outlined a clear plan of resistance.
Thus, in order to prevent mass protests and an outbreak of violence, Israel will need the assistance of the PA and Jordan, although it is doubtful they will be forthcoming in offering their help. Israel will be dependent to a great extent on the goodwill of the PA to preserve the prevailing quiet, even though the PA will have little interest in doing so in light of the particularly dramatic and troublesome manner in which Palestinians will interpret an embassy move.
Still, there were some voices among the Palestinian leadership in Ramallah that interpreted the announcement from the White House that more time is needed to implement the decision as an indication that Washington does not want move forward too quickly with the move. They perceive Trump's ostensible hesitance as the result of Israel's strong push to follow through with it.
In any case, the coming months are expected to be particularly eventful in regards to an embassy move. An Arab League summit is scheduled to take place in March in Amman, and as host, Jordan is expected to lead a hawkish stance against it.
Prior to the summit, a meeting between the Jordanian king and Trump is expected to take place, during which Abdullah will likely try and convince the US president to not push forward with the move.
A month later, at the end of April, former US president Barack Obama's waiver of the Jerusalem Embassy Act – a 1995 law that mandated the US embassy be moved to Jerusalem — will expire, as did every previous six-month waiver of his predecessors.
Owing to Trump's unpredictable nature, no one is sure whether he will stick with precedent and sign the waiver or not. However, one thing is certain: until then, the pressure will continue to build.
Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.
The human microbiome remains a mystery. That is the hard lesson to take from Seres Therapeutics's shocking announcement today that its experiment in using gut bacteria to treat a deadly infection has failed.
Data published earlier this year by Seres suggested its pill for treating cases of Costridium difficile could radically alter treatment of the gastrointestinal illness that in 2011 claimed 29,000 lives in the U.S. That made the company one of the most promising in a field of biotech startups hoping to harness some of the trillions of bacteria living on or in the human body to treat disease.
Seres's drug, SER-109, is designed to treat patients with recurring C. difficile infections, which can be hard to treat. Antibiotics can sometimes worsen the condition by killing good bacteria and allowing C. difficile to thrive.
An illustration of a C. difficile bacterium that the SER-109 drug aimed to treat.
Previously, researchers demonstrated that a fecal transplant—taking a healthy person's stool and putting it in another person—results in a remarkably successful treatment of C. difficile infections. But scientists don't really know why it works.
The ick factor of receiving a fecal enema resulted in the creation of the nonprofit stool bank OpenBiome, which aimed to create pills that could be taken orally instead. Seres Therapeutics took the idea a step further by creating the SER-109 pill. Here, spores from good bacterial species are isolated and encapsulated in pill form, while disease-spreading microbes like Listeria and Salmonella are eliminated.
The goal is to reintroduce the diverse population of microbes that normally live in the gut, which is disrupted during a C. difficile infection. Researchers from Seres Therapeutics, the Mayo Clinic, and Massachusetts General Hospital published a paper in the Journal of Infectious Diseases earlier this year saying that the SER-109 treatment was effective for preventing C. difficile infections in an early stage trial.
But results from a more advanced trial released today indicate that there was no significant difference in the outcome of patients receiving the therapy compared to those who got a placebo. In a press release, Seres noted this was “inconsistent” with their expectations.
The microbiome is having a moment, as biotech firms like Vedanta Biosciences, Synlogic, Second Genome, Enterome, and others are all working on therapies centered around human-hosted bacteria. Seres Therapeutics themselves received $120 million in funding from Nestlé and had a market capitalization of $1.4 billion before its stock fell 78 percent on the news of the failed trial. The company has two other treatments in clinical trials—one for ulcerative colitis and a second C. difficile medication.
SER-109's surprising flop is a humbling reminder of the microbiome's complexity. But even if the treatment had been successful, its creators would've been hard-pressed to present a concrete reason why. Many microbiologists have called for a healthy dose of skepticism in microbiome studies. Its potential may be great, but for now it looks like the good old-fashioned fecal transplants still have the drugs beat out.
(Read more: “Companies Aim to Make Drugs from Bacteria That Live in the Gut,” “Unraveling the Mysterious Function of the Microbiome,” “Seres Therapeutics Stock Plunges on Disappointing Drug Trial Results”)
This is no free lunch. And our belief that there is holds the country back. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
One of the biggest problems our country has is the growing idea that there really is such a thing as a free lunch: that we can get magic money to pay for things we don't want to pay for out of our own pockets.
I think the free-lunch fallacy helps explain why three of our nation's biggest problems seem so intractable: having a rational health-care system; producing a reasonable federal budget; and dealing with the “retirement crisis.”
Let me explain how I came up with this linkage.
As a born contrarian — okay, as a stubborn old guy — I tend to do the opposite of what's popular. So instead of rushing to opine about the newest excesses enveloping Our Nation's Capital, I decided recently to spend quantity time reading two books that interested me, taking some deep breaths and doing some thinking.
Both of the books — “An American Sickness” by Elisabeth Rosenthal (Penguin Press, 2017), and “Dead Men Ruling” by Gene Steuerle (Century Foundation Press, 2014) — offer amazingly helpful history and insight into how our health care and federal budget systems, respectively, have turned into such messes.
In addition, I got a bonus. Because I read both books at the same time, I saw the “free lunch” link between them. That, in turn, led me to get some stock and bond numbers that help explain why we as a nation haven't set aside enough money to pay for baby boomers' retirement.
Health care first. Rosenthal artfully tracks the way medicine has become a business dominated by giant health-care conglomerates that try to shake more money out of insurance companies and hapless uninsured people by charging absurd amounts for procedures, creating outrageous fees and imposing separate charges for almost everything.
She offers countless, enraging examples of people burned by the system, and of doctors and other medical professionals frustrated by health-care firms' interest in gouging people rather than helping them.
The money-from-the-sky theory is the idea that the more you charge, the more you'll get. Especially if you become a giant health conglomerate that dominates a city or region. A medical insurer, be it Medicare, Medicaid or United Healthcare, will generally pay only a negotiated rate. But having insanely high charges gives you a chance to gouge uninsured suckers or insurance companies whose policyholders are using your facilities out of network.
If you look at the “Explanation of Benefits” that arrives after you get insured medical care, you see the huge difference between the stated price of a procedure and what your insurer pays for it.
For example, Medicare recently got a $29 bill because I had blood drawn as part of my annual physical. The Medicare price: $3. That's 89.7 percent less than what RWJBarnabas Health, the New Jersey colossus that has bought up the practices of almost all the doctors I use, would have tried to get from me if I didn't have insurance.
Then there's the charge for the contrast matter used in my wife's CT scan. The stated price: $20. The Medicare price: 12 cents, 99.4 percent less than what Barnabas would have sought from a sucker.
I don't buy Rosenthal's idea that people can successfully empower themselves to get cheaper CT scans or blood tests. It seems ivory tower to me. I think the way to deal with the gouging problem is to require health-care companies to charge uninsured individuals the same rate they negotiate with Medicare.
Health care — more precisely, the rising cost of health care — is an important part of Steuerle's budget book. He shows the horrifying evolution of the federal budget from something negotiated by people in power into a monstrosity created by former players (the metaphorical dead men) under which essentially all future tax revenue growth is committed to things like inflation adjustments, growth of Medicare and Medicaid, and to cover the ever-growing budget losses for things such as mortgage interest and the cost of employer-paid medical insurance.
Steuerle astutely attributes this problem to a financially toxic mix of Keynesian ideologists for whom no spending plan is too expensive because it will create jobs and pay for itself, and supply-side fanatics for whom no tax cut is too large because it will create jobs and pay for itself. In other words, folks on the left and right keep pushing for a free lunch.
Sometimes, like today's situation, it's the supply-siders' turn to argue that gigantic tax cuts proposed by President Trump will pay for themselves. Down the road, in 2020 or 2024, it's easy to foresee a Keynesian crew in power that will promote massive social spending increases to supposedly expand the economy.
[Trump's big talk on the economy lacks substance]
The solution, obviously, is to get grown-ups into power in Washington who are capable of compromising with each other and staring down their parties' extremists. I don't know how to make that happen, but I hope it happens soon. I'd like to see the growth of government spending on my generation — I'm 72 — slow down, and the growth of spending on my grandkids' generation rise more rapidly.
Now to retirement savings, which for a generation benefited from magic money coined by Wall Street. I'm talking about the now oft-forgotten fabulous bull market in both stocks and bonds that ran from August 1982 through March 2000. Which were the financially formative years for a good chunk of the baby boomer generation.
During those 17-plus years, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index produced a total return (stock price increases, dividends and reinvested dividends) of 19.73 percent a year, compounded, according to statistics I got from AJO, a Philadelphia money management firm. Bonds also did great, producing an average of 10.35 a year, compounded. So your money in stocks doubled about every 3½ years, and bond money about every seven years.
Optimism reigned. People foolishly projected those gains into the far future. Even though pensions were starting to get supplanted by 401(k)s, retirement seemed a sure thing. Accounts grew and grew.
[Why I can't (and won't) stop writing about Social Security]
Both corporate and government pension funds decided they could cut back on contributions because money was falling from the sky, courtesy of the financial markets. People saw little need to boost savings, either.
Oops. Magic markets are gone. For good. Since the boom ended 17 years ago, AJO says, stocks have returned only 4.77 percent a year, and bonds 5.15. That means stock values have been doubling every 15 years rather than every 3½, and bonds have doubled every 14 years rather than every seven.
The solution isn't to await the return of magic market money. It's to deal with what we've got. We collectively will have to either work longer, save more, lower our expectations — or some combination of the three.
The bottom line: As a contrarian, I don't subscribe to the thesis that our country is hopelessly divided and that we need radical change of some sort. This is a great country, and we can solve these problems and many others if we as a society are willing to compromise. We used to do that, and we can do it again. We don't need magic money. What we need is common sense.
From the outside looking in, commentators will have you believe that grime is the most one-dimensional genre, one incapable of breaking down its aggressive and raw foundations, stuck within the canon that lyrics have to be violent, misogynistic, and generally unfavourable to the average Joe. Those within the scene, however, will paint a very different picture, with the R&G (rhythm and grime) angle proving how diverse grime can be in both sound and lyrical content. Whilst you wouldn't consider it big enough to be a sub-genre, R&G created impact amongst listeners by exchanging beats filled with frenetic energy—made for pirate radio airwaves and large soundsystems—with smoother joints that connected with listeners on an emotional level.
I first heard R&G being used as a descriptive term on DJ Cameo's show over ten years ago, and there's always been one producer synonymous with the start and growth of the sound since: Terror Danjah. His Aftershock label, which doubled-up as a crew of MCs, producers and singers, was a pioneering base for the sound between 2003 and 2006—and while some producers attempted to keep the flame burning during his absence, it was Kelela's 2013-released mixtape, Cut 4 Me, that served up a massive reminder of how fitting female vocals could be over grimey-yet-serene rhythms.
Here's a look back at 10 R&G tracks that defined the short-lived movement.
Those at risk of developing Alzheimer's may be able to slow its onset through daily B vitamins.
We already know that a high level of the amino acid homocysteine in the blood is a risk factor for Alzheimer's, and that B vitamin supplements help reduce homocysteine levels. But it was unclear whether or not these supplements would slow the progression of mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to Alzheimer's.
David Smith and Gwenaëlle Douaud at the University of Oxford led a research effort to find out. They used MRI to track changes in the brains of 200 elderly volunteers with MCI over two years. During this time, half were given high doses of vitamin B12, B6 and folic acid – 300, 20 and 4 times the UK guideline daily amounts, respectively. The rest took a placebo.
In 2010, Smith and his colleagues showed that high doses of B vitamins slowed whole-brain shrinkage by up to 53 per cent in patients with above average homocysteine levels. Now Smith and Douaud's team have looked deeper to work out which brain regions are best protected.
Advertisement
Better function
They found that it was the areas of the brain most seriously affected by Alzheimer's, including the hippocampus and cerebellum, that were protected in volunteers given the vitamins. For instance, in those with high homocysteine, the atrophy rate in these brain regions was 5.2 per cent in the placebo group but just 0.6 per cent in the vitamin group.
The reduction of atrophy seemed to translate into better brain function too: those given B vitamins performed better on cognitive tests.
“It demonstrates for the very first time that it is possible to modify the disease process in Alzheimer's,” says Smith.
Simon Ridley at Alzheimer's Research UK cautions that more work is needed to explore the link. “It's important to note the effects in this trial were only seen in a subgroup of people with MCI,” he says. “We must also remember that only a proportion of people with MCI will go on to develop Alzheimer's, and it's not yet clear why this is the case.”
Bite the bullet
But Smith points out that performing that additional work will take time. He says that since vitamin supplements are safe for most people they could perhaps be offered to high-risk people as a precaution.
“I think we need to bite the bullet and say, is there any reason that elderly people with memory problems shouldn't be offered them in the meantime?” he says.
In fact, he adds, some doctors are already providing B vitamins. “I raised the same question at a conference last year and a psychiatrist in the audience put his hand up and said ‘We already do since your first paper came out'. So there's nothing to stop clinicians doing this.”
Journal reference: PNAS, DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1301816110
Adam Kredo: Trump Will Not Declare the Iranian Republican Guards a Terror Organization; Obama Holdovers Said to be Blocking Any Move to So Declare Them
Good piece by Kredo. I personally would put more blame on Trump, though: Yes, the Obama holdovers might be resisting him, but I didn't know when we elected this tough-guy we were really getting a pussy who let his subordinates walk all over him.
The Trump administration will not commit to designating the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, or IRGC, Iran's elite fighting force, as terrorists, despite a congressional mandate to do so by the end of the month, according to multiple U.S. officials and other administration insiders who told the Washington Free Beacon that holdovers from the Obama administration are working to stymie the effort. While President Donald Trump is expected to announce this week that he will not certify Iran as in compliance with the landmark nuclear deal, it remains unclear if he will follow through with congressionally approved plans to extend a terror designation to the IRGC, a move that has prompted Iran to threaten greater attacks on U.S. forces in the Middle East. The IRGC is responsible for numerous terror attacks on American troops over the years and has played a key role in interfering with U.S. operations in Syria. A bipartisan consensus in Congress has already backed such a designation, but key Obama-era holdovers and top national security officials who have the president's ear are urging him to refrain, according to multiple sources who spoke to the Free Beacon.
Yes, they're giving him bad Obama Holdover advice. But he's accepting that bad Obama Holdover advice.
You wake every morning miserable because you can't stand the thought of going to the office to do a job you hate. You moan and groan so much about the job you hate that not only are you miserable, but everyone around you is as well. You get through each day of misery only to go home to bed so you can revisit it all over again tomorrow. If you hate your job so much, then why stay? The answer is simple - change is scary. You hate your job but you're scared to quit.
You have to ask yourself what is more frightening – the thought of being miserable day after day at a job you hate, or the thought of a job unknown?
People tell themselves that “the devil they know is better than the devil they don't know.” Sure, they may be miserable and unhappy now, but what if a new job makes them even more miserable and unhappy? And yes, their boss may be a jerk, but at least they know the extent of the current boss's jerkiness. And at least they know they aren't getting fired from their current job and who knows if a new company would actually fire them, leaving them with no job at all. They have successfully convinced themselves that the unknown is far worse than their current situation.
Now stop and consider the alternative view. What if a new job with another company turns out to be awesome? What if your new boss actually cares about helping you succeed? What if the new company values your skills and talents, and even rewards you for them? What if this new job led you to wake up happy and excited to go do a job you love every day? What if that is the description of the unknown?
The fact is that you will never know which is better until you decide to make a choice. As I see it there are only two options: You can either change your circumstance by finding a new job, or you can change your attitude about your current job.
“If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.” – Maya Angelou
If you determine that you want to seek out a new job here are five recommendations to consider:
1. It's easier to get hired by a new company while you are still employed by your current one. New employers like the fact that you are currently employed because it says that another company values you enough to keep you on board. It also lets the new employer feel they are winning a competition between themselves and your current employer by hiring you away. So, try to find a new job before you quit the current one.
2. Make a list of the things in your current job that influence your feelings of misery. Is it the duties you perform, or the people you work with, or the industry you're in? Figure out what you disliked so you can seek out companies that differ in those key areas.
3. Make a list of the people you know who might have leads about new jobs. Networking will almost always be your best option for finding a new job. Often times you may even work with a vendor or a customer who might make an excellent new employer for you, so consider every avenue.
4. Money should not be your primary driver as you consider new jobs. Taking a job for less money, that allows you to be happier, may be worth doing. In my experience, the happier you are the better you do and the more you end up being rewarded for that down the road. So don't let a starting salary stop you from taking a position you love if there is room for that position to grow.
5. Once your decision to find new employment is made you will find yourself noticing opportunities all around you. You will find yourself looking for potential leads from every conversation you hold. You will begin to attend events that you previously found boring because these events now represent the possibility of finding something new. Simply making the decision to find a new job opens your mind up to the field of potential and you will quickly find your energy returning and your happiness level going up. All that from simply making the decision itself.
Don't allow your fear of the unknown to stop you from doing what you really want to do in life. Sure you know exactly what you have today, but recognize that what lies in the unknown may very well be everything you ever hoped for. There is only one way to find out.
~Amy Rees Anderson (follow my daily blogs here)
Backs Resolution Calling for Turkish Acknowledgement of Armenian Genocide
WASHINGTON—Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer (N.Y.), a decades-long outspoken advocate of justice for the Armenian Genocide, has cosponsored bipartisan Senate legislation condemning that crime and calling for an end to international complicity in the Turkish government's denial, reported the Armenian National Committee of America (ANCA).
“All countries should recognize the horrific genocide that occurred 102 years ago to the Armenian people,” said Senator Schumer. “It is my sacred duty to speak out against the terrors of the past and against those who cannot speak of it themselves and that's why I am a proud co-sponsor of this Senate resolution. I stand with the worldwide Armenian community in labeling the atrocities against the Armenian people as genocide.”
S.Res.136 was introduced by Senator Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) with the bipartisan support of Senators Ted Cruz (R-TX), Ed Markey (D-MA), and Tom Udall (D-NM) earlier this year on April 24th, the international day of commemoration of the Ottoman Turkish Government's murder of over 1.5 million Armenians from 1915-1923. The resolution calls on the President to “work toward an equitable, constructive, stable, and durable Armenian-Turkish relationship that includes the full acknowledgment by the Government of the Republic of Turkey of the facts about the Armenian Genocide.” It goes on to urge that “the foreign policy of the United States reflects appropriate understanding and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing, and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Armenian Genocide.”
Other cosponsors of the measure include Senators Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), Gary Peters (D-Mich.), Jack Reed (D-R.I.), Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), and Ron Wyden (D-Ore.).
“Since before he joined Congress, during his tenure representing Brooklyn as a U.S. Representative, while a rank and file Senator from New York, and now as Minority Leader of the world's greatest deliberative body, Chuck Schumer has remained true to his principles – consistently commemorating the Armenian Genocide, relentlessly seeking official American remembrance of this atrocity, and openly challenging Turkey's efforts to obstruct justice for this crime,” said ANCA Executive Director Aram Hamparian. “We join with friends of Armenia and anti-genocide advocates from across New York and around America in thanking Senator Schumer for his support, and in encouraging the Senate leadership to move this measure to a vote.”
Each year, Senator Schumer joins with Armenian Americans from across the East Coast in commemorating the Armenian Genocide at a rally in Times Square. His remarks at the April 23, 2017, event, videotaped by Parev-TV, are available on the ANCA Facebook page and below.
The Model and the Database
We have previously created a plugin with a controller, a block and its associated template. Our plugin works well and I think now you understand how it works. I take the opportunity to thank you for your very positive feedback that motivate me to continue this series of tutorials.
Now, a plugin that is the equivalent of a echo is not very useful and it has nothing very complicated as you have seen. In this tutorial we will modify our plugin to look for data in our database (in MySQL) and display it in our Block.
Step 1: Create the table
We will say that our plugin is an address book, we want the block to display all the book addresses one after the other of the form:
Name Surname telephone_number
Example:
John Smith 0000000000
John Smith 0000000000
John Smith 0000000000
John Smith 0000000000
…
We will start by creating a table in the database, we will call this table pfay_test
So execute the following query:
1 2 3 4 5 6 CREATE TABLE `magento`.`pfay_test` ( `id_pfay_test` INT ( 11 ) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY , `nom` VARCHAR ( 50 ) NOT NULL , `prenom` VARCHAR ( 50 ) NOT NULL , `telephone` VARCHAR ( 20 ) NOT NULL );
Your table is now in the database. To interact with it, we'll create the model.
Step 2: Declare the model in config.xml
You know, Magento uses the MVC model, it is necessary to create a model in order to interact with our database.
To create a template, you who have followed the previous three tutorials …what are we going to have to do? You have the answer comes out automatically from your head as you start to get used to ^ ^, we will first declare the model in the config.xml file of our plugin.
Go therefore etc/config.xml and add in <global> after the declaration <blocks> :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 < models > < test > < class >Pfay_Test_Model</ class > < resourceModel >test_mysql4</ resourceModel > </ test > < test_mysql4 > < class >Pfay_Test_Model_Mysql4</ class > < entities > < test > < table >pfay_test</ table > </ test > </ entities > </ test_mysql4 > </ models > < resources > < test_write > < connection > < use >core_write</ use > </ connection > </ test_write >
In :
It says here that the model classes wills be in the directory app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/ and the « resource » that is to say the thing used to collect data for the model will be defined by test_mysql4
<test_mysql4> defined in the classes will be in app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/Mysql4/ and an entity test represent the table pfay_test we have created earlier in the database.
Step 3: Create the Model
Once your Model declared, you can now create the files. So create the following three files:
app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/
app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/Mysql4/
app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/Mysql4/Test/
Then, in app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/ create a file Test.php which will contain the following code:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 <?php class Pfay_Test_Model_Test extends Mage_Core_Model_Abstract { public function _construct() { parent::_construct(); $this ->_init( 'test/test' ); } }
This is your test model, you are telling that there's a logical entity test of your plugin test .
Then go to the folder app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/Mysql4/ and create a file Test.php which will contain:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 <?php class Pfay_Test_Model_Mysql4_Test extends Mage_Core_Model_Mysql4_Abstract { public function _construct() { $this ->_init( 'test/test' , 'id_pfay_test' ); } }
This is where you specify your model, a Magento test/test will use as primary key the id_pfay_test . (Be careful that this field is in auto increment and is the primary key of your table.
Then go to the folder app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Model/Mysql4/Test/ and create a file Collection.php which will contains:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 <?php class Pfay_Test_Model_Mysql4_Test_Collection extends Mage_Core_Model_Mysql4_Collection_Abstract { public function _construct() { parent::_construct(); $this ->_init( 'test/test' ); } }
This file is used to define the model for your collection test/test.
You ‘re maybe not very well understanding what all this is, it is imperative that you to memorize these steps to create a template in Magento. Once these files are created, you can use your model to interact with your tables very easily.
Step 4: List contacts in our Block
Remember, in the preceding tutorial we have created a block in app/code/local/Pfay/Test/Block called Myblock.php . We will change that block to display the contact list in the database.
First, insert few lines in your database table pfay_test .
Then change your Myblock.php as follows:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 <?php class Pfay_Test_Block_Myblock extends Mage_Core_Block_Template { public function methodblock() { $retour = '' ; $collection = Mage::getModel( 'test/test' )->getCollection() ->setOrder( 'id_pfay_test' , 'asc' ); foreach ( $collection as $data ) { $retour .= $data ->getData( 'nom' ). ' ' . $data ->getData( 'prenom' ) . ' ' . $data ->getData( 'telephone' ). '<br />' ; } Mage::getSingleton( 'adminhtml/session' )->addSuccess( 'Cool Ca marche !!' ); return $retour ; } }
Looking at the code, I think you'll understand what we did with comments, if this is not the case feel free to leave a comment.
Now test your code by going to http://yoursite.com/test/index and you'll see your contact list.
Your homeworks:
Try to repeat this and make a plugin from scratch before starting the next tutorial, you need to know to how to do the 4 firsts tutorials « fingers in the nose » before starting the next tutorial
Practice for exemple in making a new plugin to manage your movie library. It strongly resembles to what we've done, but it's different so you'll be able to practice and really understand what you are doing. Good luck
End of this tutorial
Here is the end of this tutorial, I hope this tutorial helps you, you now know to interact with the database in your Magento extensions. Feel free to leave comments if you have any questions or comments
Updated: 1/3/17 to correct link from firstchoicebyandymark.com to firstchoicebyandymark.com/everything.
Updated: 12/8/16 to correct date changes and change in one product.
Updated: 11/21/16 to correct description about which mentors have visibility to a team's voucher/FIRST Choice information.
It's the time of year where we talk about what to expect from FIRST Choice. This blog should have all the information needed if you're new (or need a refresher), but can also be skimmed by experts to get the gist. Here goes…
We're doing FIRST Choice again. If you already know what FIRST Choice is, you can skip this part. If you're still reading, you're a rookie team, want a refresher, or can't resist reading something you were told you could skip.
I'll start with a general introduction of what we mean when we talk about the “Kit of Parts” (KOP). The KOP is a term that's evolved to mean “goods we obtain from companies on behalf of, and provide to, FIRST Robotics Competition Teams.” These items then get to you, our customers, via three different methods:
the Kickoff Kit: items that we pack in totes (mostly in totes, there are typically exceptions for late or big items) and distributed to Teams at local Kickoff sites. There are two permutations of this – one set of items that go to all Teams and a second container that goes to 1 st year, aka “Rookie,” Teams
year, aka “Rookie,” Teams the Virtual Kit: items donated by Suppliers, but don't actually come to FIRST for redistribution. Custom orders (like Bimba cylinders), software downloads, and Product Donation Vouchers all fit this category.
FIRST Choice: FIRST Choice consists of an online menu of items available to 2017 FIRST Robotics Competition Teams, and it's hosted by our friends at AndyMark (for free!). Its purpose is to make available a variety of goodies that Suppliers cannot provide in volumes to support all of the Kickoff Kits. Instead, Teams use a limited number of credits to pick and choose the items they prefer. Because of the limited inventory, we typically run out of popular items, but we'd rather make a variety of items in limited quantities available than none at all.
Priority Lists are back, and we'll do two rounds (one before Kickoff and one after Kickoff). The Priority List process remains unchanged, and it's illustrated in more detail here. Based on our experience from the previous two seasons, we believe that what it lacks in simplicity, it makes up for in user experience and satisfaction. The Priority List is optional, and the deadline for Round 1 Priority Lists is noon (Eastern Time) on Tuesday, December 6, 2016.
Each Priority List created by the deadline (one per Team), will be assigned a random rank. The order in which individual teams complete their Priority Lists before the deadline does not affect their rank. All teams that add at least one item to their Priority List by the deadline are put in a common pool and then randomly sequenced. This is what we mean by ‘random rank.'
Then, in rank order, AndyMark's auto draft system will query the Team's highest priority item and, provided the Team has the credits and FIRST Choice has the inventory, issue the item to the Team. This applies to each Priority List line item as ranked. If the team doesn't have enough Credits to cover the entire amount (but at least one) or FIRST Choice inventory doesn't have the entire quantity (but at least one), the team will get as many as their credits/FIRST Choice inventory allow. If credits or inventory can't cover one, it will move on to the next ranked item so the team is not skipped for that round.
Once it gets to the last ranked Priority List, the draft system will query that last Priority List's next item and work its way back up the ranks (for Teams that know how we've done Alliance Selection in the past, this serpentine process probably seems familiar). This draft continues until inventory's gone or Priority Lists have been exhausted. Inventory will be updated for when FIRST Choice opens for traditional “first come, first served” live orders.
Some new things:
We've added sample lists like “pneumatics” or “vision”. You can select a sample list for your priority list – or use it to get started and edit/customize as you see fit. Caution though, when you select one it will wipe an existing list and start fresh.
A little disclosure: Any motors you see available in Round 1; you can assume they'll be legal on your robot.
A few other notes about the process:
Login information will be posted in each Team's registration account (all Coaches/Mentors will see a button labeled “Access Passwords/Voucher Codes”). Only registered FIRST Robotics Competition Teams will have access to their login information, and thus only registered Teams will be able to create and submit a Priority List.
Priority Lists will be created using (and only accepted via) the Priority List feature on AndyMark's FIRST Choice site.
Shipping charges will apply (details to be posted on FIRSTChoiceByAndyMark.com/everything before Priority Lists are due), and just like last year, a billing address, shipping address, and credit card information must be provided before creating your Priority List. For international Teams, additional charges may apply, for which the Team is responsible and AndyMark will address on a case by case basis.
Priority Lists are saved each time the user clicks “Update,” letting teams add, subtract, and reprioritize items until the deadline.
Upon the deadline, any existing Priority Lists will be locked, processed, and no additional changes may be made (we strongly encourage you complete your list at least a day before the due date to avoid unexpected delays or surprises).
We will not publicly publish Teams' Priority Lists, the assigned rankings, or final order contents.
Any priority list submitted by a Team that has not secured first event registration payment with FIRST by noon, 12/6/16 will be discarded before lists are ported in to the auto draft system (please anticipate at least one business day for registration payment to be processed and the updated status to be relayed to AndyMark).
So, the timeline for FIRST Choice is as follows (all events happen at noon, Eastern):
ROUND 1
11/21/16 Round 1 begins, FIRST Choice login information in the Team's registration account (for registered teams) and credit allotments live at FIRSTChoiceByAndyMark.com/everything 12/06/16 Round 1 Team Priority Lists due (with any unsecured teams' list discarded) 12/08/16 12/9/16 AndyMark notifies each Team of the Round 1 draft results
Traditional Ordering
12/12/16 12/13/16 FIRST Choice opens for traditional live orders 01/06/17 FIRST Choice closes
ROUND 2
1/07/17 Round 2 begins, additional credits issued (unused credits do carry over) 01/13/17 Round 2 Team Priority Lists due 01/17/17 AndyMark notifies each Team of their Round 2 draft results
Traditional Ordering
01/20/17 FIRST Choice opens for traditional live orders 04/7/17 FIRST Choice closes for the 2017 season
Also, we meant to present the 1.94 in. and 2.55 in. spacers as packs of eight, not singles. We're fixing that: the credit value will stay at five, the website will be updated, and the shipments will be kits of eight.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank AndyMark for their generosity and commitment to improving the FIRST Choice experience. They donate such a valuable service, and we're so happy they've continued their support.
If you have any questions about this process, please feel free to ask in the comments below or post them to the FIRST Choice Forum.
Later today MPs will vote on whether or not Britain should join airstrikes against ISIS in Syria. Instead of media and public scrutiny being properly applied to David Cameron's proposals, which he set out last week, the focus has been on Labour turmoil. This is a huge mistake, not to mention a callous way of doing politics. Party politics need to be set aside so the holes in Cameron's argument can be laid on the table.
There is no way of knowing without doubt the best way to combat ISIS; anyone claiming they do should be treated with caution. But there is a wealth of historical evidence and experts that indicate adding British bombs to existing French and US ones currently being dropped on Syria won't defeat the terrorist group. The likelihood is it will, in fact, strengthen their wrongheaded narrative that we're witnessing a clash of civilizations.
The arguments against bombing don't just come from people who have worn anti-intervention badges for decades, they include former NATO general Richard Shirreff, who warned this strategy would need British troops on the ground and Tory MPs David Davis, John Baron (also a former army officer) and the Commons Defence Committee Chair, Julian Lewis. That's because Syria is embroiled in an extremely complex civil war. And a history of disastrous interventions in the region should stand as a warning against rushing to bomb; look to Libya where the lack of post-intervention plan paired with scant knowledge of the country's history – eerily similar to Cameron's unsophisticated understanding of Syria – has left the country in nightmarish circumstances. Not a single person has convincingly explained how this bombing campaign will be different from past disastrous ones.
But straw men can obscure these facts. Cameron's claim that there are 70,000 “moderates” on the ground in Syria who international forces can work with to defeat ISIS is an oversimplification at best. Exactly who these “moderates” are Cameron won't say, it's obvious they are not one unified force and some like Ahrar al-Sham and Jabhat al-Nusra have shared ideological ground with al-Qaeda. The chances are, then, even if ISIS is somehow defeated by these means, the vacuum could be fought over by groups responsible for committing their own horrific atrocities.
And the PM's argument that British brimstone missiles are important to add to existing ones because they are extremely accurate is just dishonest politics. Whatever the approach to the situation in Syria, more innocent people will be killed. It should count for a lot that citizens who have fled Raqqa have asked Britain not to bomb, their voices must be given due attention today.
Despite what proponents of airstrikes suggest, making the case against bombing isn't an argument for doing nothing. The UN resolution telling member states to take ‘all measures necessary' to defeat ISIS doesn't have to be interpreted as a green light for airstrikes. Under this UN call to action, Britain should push for cutting off arms supplies, oil flows and money that helps ISIS. It's estimated, for instance, that ISIS make over $1 million a day selling oil smuggled into Turkey. This isn't as easy as bombing, but it looks an effective way forward. Nor is calling for a comprehensive political strategy. To say that these approaches, which would run alongside an already existing bombing campaign, would do nothing is wrong.
The serious debate about whether to bomb ISIS in Syria has become about Labour splits. But this isn't about party politics; it's about the extremely serious issue of whether or not this country embarks on yet another ill-advised bombing campaign. This is ultimately a matter of judgement; look at the facts and decide on the best course of action. The evidence would suggest that bombing is not the answer.
Marijuana use disorder is common and often untreated
Survey shows marijuana use disorder linked to substance use/mental disorders and disability.
Marijuana use disorder is common in the United States, is often associated with other substance use disorders, behavioral problems, and disability, and goes largely untreated, according to a new study conducted by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), part of the National Institutes of Health. The analysis found that 2.5 percent of adults — nearly 6 million people — experienced marijuana use disorder in the past year, while 6.3 percent had met the diagnostic criteria for the disorder at some point in their lives. A report of the study, led by Bridget Grant, Ph.D., of the NIAAA Laboratory of Epidemiology and Biometry, appears online today in the American Journal of Psychiatry.
“...Marijuana use can lead to harmful consequences for individuals and society.”
“The new analysis complements previous population-level studies by Dr. Grant's group that show that marijuana use can lead to harmful consequences for individuals and society,” said George F. Koob, Ph.D., director of NIAAA.
In a recent report, Dr. Grant and her team found that the percentage of Americans who reported using marijuana in the past year more than doubled between 2001-2002 and 2012-2013, and the increase in marijuana use disorders during that time was nearly as large. The new study analyzed data about marijuana use that were collected in the 2012-2013 wave of NIAAA's National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC), the largest study ever conducted on the co-occurrence of alcohol use, drug use, and related psychiatric conditions.
The researchers interviewed more than 36,000 U.S. adults about alcohol use, drug use, and related psychiatric conditions. Notably, the current study applies diagnostic criteria for marijuana use disorder from Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) to the NESARC data. In DSM-5, marijuana dependence and abuse are combined into a single disorder. To be diagnosed with the disorder, individuals must meet at least two of 11 symptoms that assess craving, withdrawal, lack of control, and negative effects on personal and professional responsibilities. Severity of the disorder is rated as mild, moderate, or severe depending on the number of symptoms met.
Consistent with previous findings, the new data showed that marijuana use disorder is about twice as common among men than women, and that younger age groups are much more likely to experience the disorder than people age 45 and over. The risk for onset of the disorder was found to peak during late adolescence and among people in their early 20s, with remission occurring within 3 to 4 years. Also in keeping with previous findings, the new study found that past-year and lifetime marijuana use disorders were strongly and consistently associated with other substance use and mental health disorders.
Dr. Grant and her colleagues also reported that people with marijuana use disorder, particularly those with severe forms of the disorder, experience considerable mental disability. They note that previous studies have found that such disabilities persist even after remission of marijuana use disorder. The researchers also report that only about 7 percent of people with past-year marijuana use disorder receive any marijuana-specific treatment, compared with slightly less than 14 percent of people with lifetime marijuana use disorder.
“These findings demonstrate that people with marijuana use disorder are vulnerable to other mental health disorders,” said Nora D. Volkow, M.D., director of NIDA, which contributed funding to the study. “The study emphasizes the need for such individuals to receive help through evidence-based treatments that address these co-occurring conditions.”
The study authors note the urgency of identifying and implementing effective prevention and treatment for marijuana use disorder. And with ongoing changes in the drug's legal status at the state level and a shift in beliefs about the risks associated with its use, they also note that public education about the dangers associated with marijuana use will be increasingly important to address public beliefs that marijuana use is harmless.
As marijuana and alcohol are frequently used together, more research is also needed to understand the effects of combined use. Studies suggest that using marijuana and alcohol together impairs driving more than either substance alone and that alcohol use may increase the absorption of THC, the psychoactive chemical found in marijuana.
In June 2015, NIAAA published a study based on NESARC data showing that alcohol use disorder (AUD) was on the rise in the U.S. over the last decade. The results showed that nearly one-third of adults in the United States have an AUD at some time in their lives, but only about 20 percent seek AUD treatment.
About the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA): The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), part of the National Institutes of Health, is the primary U.S. agency for conducting and supporting research on the causes, consequences, prevention, and treatment of alcohol abuse, alcoholism, and alcohol problems. NIAAA funds the National Consortium on Alcohol and Neurodevelopment in Adolescence (NCANDA) to determine the effects of problematic alcohol use on the developing adolescent brain and examine brain characteristics that predict alcohol use disorder. NIAAA also disseminates research findings to general, professional, and academic audiences. Additional alcohol research information and publications are available at www.niaaa.nih.gov.
About the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA): The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) is a component of the National Institutes of Health, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIDA supports most of the world's research on the health aspects of drug use and addiction. The Institute carries out a large variety of programs to inform policy, improve practice, and advance addiction science. Fact sheets on the health effects of drugs and information on NIDA research and other activities can be found at www.drugabuse.gov, which is now compatible with your smartphone, iPad or tablet. To order publications in English or Spanish, call NIDA's DrugPubs research dissemination center at 1-877-NIDA-NIH or 240-645-0228 (TDD) or email requests to drugpubs@nida.nih.gov. Online ordering is available at drugpubs.drugabuse.gov. NIDA's media guide can be found at www.drugabuse.gov/publications/media-guide/dear-journalist, and its easy-to-read website can be found at www.easyread.drugabuse.gov. You can follow NIDA on Twitter and Facebook.
About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation's medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit www.nih.gov.
NIH…Turning Discovery Into Health®
Saudi Arabia's crown prince on Tuesday said his country was moving towards a "moderate, open" form of Islam and will defeat extremism, as senior Saudi government officials launched a media offensive in the face an ongoing diplomatic quarrels with Qatar.
Mohammed bin Salman said his country would restore a "moderate, open" Islam, in a kingdom founded by ultra-conservatives and renowned for its repressive rule.
"We are returning to what we were before - a country of moderate Islam that is open to all religions and to the world," he said at an economic forum in Riyadh.
"We want to live a normal life. A life in which our religion translates to tolerance, to our traditions of kindness.
"We will not spend the next 30 years of our lives dealing with destructive ideas. We will destroy them today," he added. "We will end extremism very soon."
His statements were made hours after Saudi officials unviled $500bn plans for Neom, a "semi-autonomous" enterprise zone near its border with Jordan, which would be open to foreign investment and would fall outside central government rule.
That announcement is linked to a similarly "sharia-free" new tourism resort on the Red Sea, a decision to lift the ban on women driving, and plans a new global body that would vet the use of "hadiths" - the accounts of the life, doings, and sayings of the Prophet Muhammad.
Saudi Arabia plans $500bn 'semi-autonomous' business zone Read More »
Saudi Arabia's apparent shift on social and relgious issues comes as it continues to accuse Qatar of supporting terrorism and siding with Iran, Riyadh's greatest regional rival.
Saudi Arabia has also been accused of supporting and funding terrorism and is currently facing legal action in the US over its alleged role in the September 11 attacks.
Bin Salman's reform plans are supported by US President Donald Trump, who has backed Riyadh to rein in "extremists" and tackle the threat of Iran, which the US president has described as a "murderous regime".
Trump recently refused to recertify an international deal that ended Tehran's nuclear weapons programme.
Al-Jubeir backs Trump rejection of Iran deal
The crown prince's comments were delivered as his foreign secretary, Adel al-Jubeir, told an audience in London that Saudi Arabia supported Trump's move to decertify the nuclear deal, a decision that met widespread opposition in the EU, Iran and Russia.
"There is no limit on Iran's ability to conduct [nuclear] research. In 10 years there's no limit on how much they can enrich. Inspections need to be tighter."
"We saw Iran stepping up aggressive behaviour in the region in Yemen, Syria and Pakistan.
"If Iran are causing all this mischief without a nuclear weapon, what would they do if they had a bomb?
“If Iran acquires nuclear capabilities there are others that will seek nuclear capabilities, and the genie is out of the bottle."
On whether Saudi Arabia was prepared to share influence in Iraq with Iran, he said: "Iraq is an Arab country. Iran is not an Arab country.
"Our interests in Iraq are to have the best ties with them. Iran's interests are to dominate not to provide good. It's completely different agendas.
“We support all Iraqis and don't look at them as sects or ethnicities.”
The death of pop star Whitney Houston resulted in more than 2.5 million tweets in just the first hour after her passing was announced, the proliferation of numerous fan tribute videos, and most regrettably, the resurgence of the term “crack whore.” I personally hate the term and never use it along with others like “crackhead” and “crackish.” My self-inflicted ban comes from the belief that being addicted to crack is not something to be taken lightly. Furthermore, “crack whore,” a term reserved for women offering their bodies for a taste of the drug, has the added bonus of misogyny and slut-shaming that our society employs so well. No, I cannot clap to that.
Just last week, radio hosts John Kobylt and Ken Chiampou of the “John and Ken Show” were suspended from LA's KFI AM 640 for calling Whitney Houston a “crack ho” as part of their usual offensive schtick. There was plenty of outrage to go around for the shock jocks as calls for accountability rang out. While the hosts offered an apology, I was left wondering who was going to sound the call to the rest of us – many of whom were all too eager to laugh at a “crack whore” joke about Whitney Houston or anyone else just two weeks ago.
Addiction specialists, psychologists, legal theorists, and others have been debating whether drug addiction is ultimately a choice or a disease for centuries. This is an important distinction because where there is choice, one can be assigned blame and held accountable. Where addiction is characterized as a sickness, people are less inclined to assign full accountability and instead offer sympathy and aid. Advancements in science and medicine have allowed us to take a closer look at the mechanics of addiction, resulting in the official U.S. government policy that drug addiction is a disease, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
We now know that while the initial decision to use drugs is voluntary, drug addiction is a disease of the brain that compels a person to become singularly obsessed with obtaining and abusing drugs despite their many adverse health and life consequences. Research has revealed that addiction affects the brain circuits involved in reward, motivation, memory, and inhibitory control. When these circuits are disrupted, so is a person's capacity to freely choose not to use drugs, even when it means losing everything they used to value. In fact, the inability to stop is the essence of addiction, like riding in a car with no brakes.
Even those inclined to agree with the above might point to the drug abuser's initial choice as reason enough to laugh at their expense. I suppose the argument goes that they put themselves in that position, but being intimately familiar with the many facetss of crack production, sale, use, addiction, and recovery, I can tell you that it's just not funny.
The image of the “crack whore/ho” is especially tragic. According to Urban Dictionary, a “crack whore” is someone who sells her body in exchange for drugs or money to feed her addiction. As it's more broadly understood, a “crack whore” is a woman who neglects her children, reveals her body while letting it waste away, and acts “crazy” in the street – all due to drug addiction. Wow. That's so hilarious.
If we can accept the fact that drug addiction is a disease and that crack addiction – notably difficult to kick – has had a deleterious impact on our community for nearly three decades, how can we continue to be so flippant? Perhaps it's a coping mechanism that tells us it's better to laugh at a seemingly insurmountable problem than it is to face reality. We seem to have done the same with AIDS and intimate partner violence.
The public has been asked to respect the deaths and families of celebrities like Whitney Houston and Amy Winehouse by focusing on their work instead of their well-publicized struggles with addiction. I agree with that request, but I do think it's time we had a more frank discussion about the way we view drug addicts and how those views might impact individuals in need of support and services. Just like negative stereotypes about black women as whores or Jezebels might impact policies effecting social services and access to resources, negative views toward those suffering from the disease of addiction can impact policies regarding treatment programs, criminal and family law and healthcare. Creating a caricature out of addiction through the use of language like “crack whore” is not just a bad joke when employed by a couple of shock jocks out for attention, it's a harmful image we all uphold through our complicit giggles.
Related
Last 5 posts by Nakia D. Hansen
Last year in the US that number was over 30,000
Oh and we have tons and tons if violent video games and see those same American Hollywood violent films.
And we still live in a vibrant democracy with an amazing social safety net. No tyranny here.
Actually I feel more in a police state when I visit home than I ever do here in Japan. (Most Japanese police people's main job involves giving people directions and finding lost elderly people).
ETA: Holy crap Rec list? Are you serious? I wrote this on my iPhone while waiting for our car to get checked out, my phone battery died but i got it published just before it did so.
I came home, fired up my PC to see if I had any comments..and wow. Thanks guys!
All but one of the homes in the path of a potential dam failure will soon vanish from a West Coast Vancouver Island community and popular surfing destination.
The hamlet of mostly empty waterfront homes stands below the Jordan River diversion dam.
Several of the houses in the path of flooding from a potential failure of the Jordan River diversion dam will be moved to new sites. (Google Maps)
In May 2016, BC Hydro purchased the homes of all but one hold out below the dam.
The area was declared the most seismic-prone area in B.C. and possibly even in Canada in 2014.
The BC Hydro earthquake evacuation map for Jordan River shows the location of the 10 houses purchased by the utility (inset). Modelling shows the area could be under 1.7 metres of water within 30 minutes of a massive earthquake.
BC Hydro spokesman Ted Olynyk said the vacant houses are scheduled for demolition in late March and the area will be reseeded with grass.
"We did a study of all the facilities to see what would happen in a seismic event," Olnyk said.
BC Hydro says the Jordan River dam is at risk of failure in a magnitude 8 or 9 earthquakes. (BC Hydro)
While Jordan River is one of the strongest dams, he said, "it was built in the wrong location, knowing what we know now."
"Because of the Cascadia (subduction) zone it's proven to be in the worst location possible," Olnyk said. "There's no other dam built so close to such a large earthquake area."
Jordan River resident Wayne Jackaman said while the beachside hamlet will vanish settlement has increased in more recently developed areas outside of the flooding zone.
By Andrew Hessert, Andrew Medvecz, Jimmy Miller, Jacquelyn Richard
Barry Bonds elevated his game to the next level with “the clear” and “the cream”, shattering legendary records in the process. Are scientists, students, and other academics about to do the same?
While stars such as Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi continue to defend themselves against their alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs, a new debate over the use of a different kind of performance-enhancing drug has begun to rage in the scientific world.
Cognitive enhancers like Adderall and Ritalin have commonly been used as a treatment for behavioral disorders such as Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder. However, these drugs are now becoming popular “performance enhancing” substances for healthy individuals trying to gain a competitive edge by boosting their overall cognitive function.
Henry Greely, a Stanford Law Professor, advocates for unrestricted availability of these drugs, claiming the enhancers will level the “cognitive playing field” and spark a new era of increased innovation. But Greely and other advocates fail to recognize the severe personal and societal consequences that such availability would generate, looking instead to a pharmaceutical solution that would, in the end, cause more problems than it would solve.
How They Work
Ritalin and Adderall have been on the market since the 1960s to treat conditions like ADD and ADHD (Center for Substance Abuse Research, 2005). While the specific mechanisms of these disorders have yet to be fully elucidated, cognitive enhancers have been successful in controlling or mitigating symptoms in patients. Ritalin (methylphenidate) and Adderall (dextroamphetamine) both inhibit dopamine reuptake, allowing dopamine signals to remain active for longer periods of time (Jones, Joseph, Barak, Caron, & Wightman, 1999). Provigil (modafinil), an alternative to the potentially addictive dopaminergic drugs, operates in similar fashion, but instead blocks reuptake of the neurotransmitter norepinephrine.
The increased neurotransmitter activity induced by these drugs stimulates many areas of the brain (see right), including the prefrontal cortex, which is responsible for a person's ability to focus and strive toward a specific goal. This stimulation theoretically counters fragmented synaptic signaling in the brain, one suspected cause of ADD and ADHD.
While these drugs increase focus and concentration for people with attention disorders, they can also increase prefrontal cortex stimulation among people without such disorders (Devilbiss & Berridge, 2008). The increased ability to focus and concentrate on specific tasks is clearly of great social utility. These benefits, however, are not without negative consequences; numerous side effects including hallucinations, headaches, nausea, and depression have been documented.
How They Are Being Used
A growing number of healthy Americans are using cognitive enhancers in an attempt to gain a mental edge in our competitive society. The popularity of these drugs is rapidly increasing in many areas of society and has become particularly prevalent among corporate executives, academics, and college students.
An article in the January issue of TIME Magazine describes a high-level executive who uses Adderall to “continue the lightning pace and constant multitasking his job requires” (Szalavitz, 2009). Since receiving the prescription from his doctor, he says he has been better able to maintain his high level of performance, a development he attributes to his use of cognitive enhancing drugs.
The TIME article also addresses the rising use on college campuses (Szalavitz, 2009). Studies have found that 7% of college students have used a cognitive-enhancing drug for non-medical purposes, and on some campuses up to 25% of students have used enhancers to aid studying. Unsurprisingly, usage rates are higher at prestigious institutions, where students feel the need to keep pace in an overly-competitive academic atmosphere. Taking a cognitive enhancer the night before a final can help you focus for an extra hour or two, and many students believe that hour may mean the difference between an A and a B.
Improving academic achievement, however, is a complex issue—popping pills may not be the cure all for low grades. Studies have shown the association between sleep and learning; shorting on sleep to study may still lead to lower grades even with cognitive enhancers (Curcio et. al, 2006).
Among the scientists polled in a Nature study conducted in 2008, nearly 20% reported having used cognitive enhancing drugs for non-medical purposes (Maher, 2008). The most popular motivation was the desire to increase concentration, with other reasons including increasing focus, counteracting jet lag, and other miscellaneous responses. Interestingly, over half of the respondents reported experiencing negative side effects yet still continued taking the drugs.
Arguments FOR Use with the General Population
Stanford Law Professor Henry Greely is a leading proponent for making cognitive enhancers available to the general population. In his hotly-debated article in Nature, he argues that research into the benefits of the use of cognitive enhancers among the healthy population should be explored. Greely claims that the term “enhancement” has been marred by its comparison to athletics, saying “better-working brains produce things of more lasting value than longer home runs” (Greely, 2008).
In one of his main points, Greely argues that using a cognitive enhancer is analogous to any other practice intended to improve mental function, such as sleep, nutrition, and exercise. Just as these practices provide cognitive enhancement, so would the use of drugs like Adderall, Ritalin, and Provigil. These drugs have the potential to be very beneficial, and “we should welcome new methods of improving our brain function,” says Greely.
Greely further contends that cognitive enhancers may potentially “level the playing field,” allowing disadvantaged students to overcome educational gaps. Take the example of standardized tests like the SAT, which many colleges like Notre Dame use in evaluating applicants. These tests have been shown to be statistically biased against African Americans, Hispanics and other ethnic minorities (Freedle, 2008). It is possible that the use of cognitive enhancers could help them overcome this bias, promoting greater acceptance rates of minorities at prestigious universities. Used in this way, the drugs would be elevated beyond the individual desire to gain a competitive edge, and be employed as a tool to remove educational barriers, a significant cause of socioeconomic inequality.
Research focusing on the use of cognitive enhancers by healthy individuals is sparse. Greely recommends that studies in the area of cognitive enhancement be developed in order to build a knowledge base concerning usage patterns, benefits, and associated risks of these drugs. These studies could then be employed in developing an informed legal policy aimed at preventing coercion and mitigating the potential for abuse.
In a recent New Yorker article entitled Brain Gain, Margaret Talbot presents a more moderate defense for the legalization of cognitive enhancers. Talbot compares the use of cognitive enhancers to elective cosmetic surgery—both are personal choices, with inherent risks and benefits, designed to enhance particular attributes.
While not as far reaching as Greely's assertions, Talbot's arguments against a ban on cognitive enhancers focus on practicalities; cognitive enhancers are already in wide circulation and are being used responsibly among academic and business professionals. While cognitive enhancer use may not be ideal, Talbot argues that people should be allowed, after being informed of the risks and benefits, to make their own decisions about enhancement of their minds and bodies.
Argument AGAINST Use with the General Population
While many support Greely and Talbot's positions, they are not without opposition. Our arguments against popular use of cognitive enhancers stem from ethical, medical, and social concerns. We believe that promotion of cognitive enhancers in the manner described by Greely is irresponsible and neglects the more fundamental issues at the root of the problems he addresses. Talbot, while more moderate than Greely, still fails to consider the social and cultural consequences of widespread usage.
Among the many troubling aspects of cognitive enhancers are the potential negative side effects. Little is known about the long term effects of these drugs, and many of the documented short term side effects would likely affect healthy users as much as those with disorders. Imagine getting a headache from taking Provigil when you are trying to prepare for an exam the next day. In this case, the drug you are using to improve your cognitive ability is ultimately hindering it.
More serious side effects such as depression and insomnia, while not fully understood, can cause severe harm to someone who would not have otherwise developed these conditions. The striking recent instance (April 22) of a young boy hanging himself while taking ADHD meds and other incidents like it raise significant questions about the safety of these drugs, especially among people for whom the drug is a luxury and not a necessity.
Also, because Ritalin and Adderall act on the mesolimbic dopamine system, the pathway commonly associated with addictive substances such as cocaine, users run the risk of developing a dependency or becoming addicted (Volkow, Fowler, & Logan, 2009). Addiction is a high price to pay for using a drug that provides limited benefits.
Of further concern is the likely inevitable consequence that widespread use of cognitive enhancers would lead to intense social pressure and even forms of coercion. It is already clear that some executives feel these substances are necessary to remain competitive. More students at competitive universities would likely be pressured to use these drugs when they see other users getting better marks. General availability of cognitive enhancers in our society could easily make these drugs a necessary component for success rather than an optional boost.
Furthermore, the disparity that Greely proposes would be overcome by cognitive enhancers may instead be exacerbated. The financial means that are required to obtain these substances restricts their availability to those who can afford them. Look back at the earlier example of ethnic minorities using cognitive enhancers to improve SAT scores. Traditionally these minority groups are also economically disadvantaged and would lack the means necessary to acquire these drugs.
The real benefactors from widespread availability would be the rich, who already perform better on standardized tests. Promoting the use of cognitive enhancers would likely serve to widen the already significant divide between socioeconomic groups. Reducing the disparity within a population cannot be accomplished by using cognitive enhancers; the drugs would only reinforce the present socioeconomic barriers.
Talbot, on the other hand, places too much emphasis on personal freedom as a justification for legalization, glossing over the social and cultural implications sure to follow from widespread usage. Within her own article she recounts the story of a poker millionaire who made his fortune with the help of cognitive enhancers. His use of these substances was an isolated personal choice but had social consequences as well, allowing him to gain an unfair competitive advantage over the other players.
Justifying cognitive enhancement in the academic and business worlds on the basis of individual freedom ignores the social consequences of unfair neurological advantages in the extremely competitive context of these cultures. Cognitive enhancer legalization cannot be framed in a purely individual context; legalization will have widespread social consequences.
Conclusion
Greely and others are right in asserting that the debate over cognitive enhancers is not entirely analogous to baseball's steroid scandal. Cognitive enhancers do provide significant long term mental benefits and arguably some social benefits. However, as we have argued, these benefits are outweighed by the physical side effects and social ramifications that such use would entail.
Moreover, any suggestion that these drugs could level the playing field fails to account for the complexities inherent in such problems. Issues like educational disparity and social pressure to boost achievement demonstrate these complexities and are fundamentally socioeconomic and cultural problems. Throwing drugs at these issues will not bring resolution. Rather a cultural- and sociological-based approach is best suited for this task. While we recognize the benefits of these cognitive enhancers, their use should be restricted to the treatment of cognitive disorders.
Bibliography
Center for Substance Abuse Research. (2005, May 2). Ritalin. Retrieved April 10, 2009, from http://www.cesar.umd.edu/cesar/drugs/ritalin.asp
Curcio, G., Ferrara, M., & De Gennaro, L. (2006). Sleep loss, learning capacity and academic performance. Sleep Medicine Reviews , 323-337.
Devilbiss, D. M., & Berridge, C. W. (2008). Cognition-Enhancing Doses of Methylphenidate Preferentially Prefrontal Cortex Neuronal Responsiveness. Biological Psychiatry , 626-635.
Freedle, R. O. (2008). Correcting the SAT's Ethnic and Social Class Bias: A Method for Reestimating SAT Scores. Harvard Educational Review , 1-43.
Greely, H. (2008). Towards responsible use of cognitiveenhancing. Nature , 702-705.
Jones, S. R., Joseph, J. D., Barak, L. S., Caron, M. G., & Wightman, R. M. (1999). Dopamine Neuronal Transport Kinetics and Effects of Dopamine. Nournal of Neurochemistry , 2406-2414.
Maher, B. (2008). Poll Results: Look Who's Doping. Nature , 674-675.
Szalavitz, M. (2009, January 6). Popping Smart Pills: The Case for Cognitive Enhancement. Time.
Tansey, B. (2008, December 8). Experts urge wider use of brain-boosting drugs. San Francisco Chronicle.
Volkow, N. D., Fowler, J. S., & Logan, J. (2009). Effects of Modafinil on Dopamine and Dopamine Transporters in the Male Human Brain: Clinical Implications. Journal of the American Medical Association , 1148-1154.
Robert Downey Jr. Wants Ben Stiller To Direct His Pinocchio Movie By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
The project is currently looking for a new writer, as Downey - who is serving as a producer on the movie - wants to take the picture in a different direction than the one that was planned with Burton attached. The Iron Man star is attached to play Geppetto, Pinocchio's creator.
Not only does the existence of Tropic Thunder prove that Stiller and Downey definitely need to work together again, I can fully understand why anyone would want Stiller directing their movie right now. The The universe has really been bending to Robert Downey Jr.'s will as of late. After making a ridiculous amount of money overseas, Iron Man 3 is set to debut in the United States this weekend where it's predicted to make a lot more, and now we're learning that the star has found his ideal director for his next project. Deadline is reporting that last month at CinemaCon Downey mentioned that he was interested in having Ben Stiller take over for Tim Burton as the director of his upcoming live-action version of Pinocchio, and now it looks as though the star may be getting his wish. According to the site, Stiller has been having discussions with Warner Bros. about the film, though no formal negotiations have begun. Should he end up doing the movie, it will be the second time that Stiller and Downey have worked together, previously collaborating on Tropic Thunder.The project is currently looking for a new writer, as Downey - who is serving as a producer on the movie - wants to take the picture in a different direction than the one that was planned with Burton attached. The Iron Man star is attached to play Geppetto, Pinocchio's creator.Not only does the existence of Tropic Thunder prove that Stiller and Downey definitely need to work together again, I can fully understand why anyone would want Stiller directing their movie right now. The footage from The Secret Life of Walter Mitty that was shown at CinemaCon in April was absolutely breathtaking, and the movie looks like it will be a big contender in this year's Oscar race. Pinocchio would certainly be an interesting project to tackle afterward. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
As part of his ongoing Fast and Furious analysis, Jon Stewart took a look at how the media is covering the story on Tuesday night's "Daily Show."
Between pundits and anchors there seemed to be plenty of confusion and frustration about the executive privilege ruling to go around, with many Fox News personalities going so far as to call this Obama's Watergate.
The only problem? It's at least the fourth time the network has accused Obama of having a Watergate-level scandal.
So while Stewart clearly shares some of the sentiment, he couldn't help but wonder if media sensationalism has gotten in the way of people being able to understand how serious Fast and Furious really is. He joked:
If you become the Fox who cries wolf, your outrage repertoire has been so overused as to render justified outrage meaningless. 'This is Watergate!' Right. And what was it when second graders sang a song about Obama in their classroom... 'Khmer Rouge stuff.' Yes, who could forget the Khmer Rouge and the dreaded 'Singing Fields' of Cambodia?
Stewart noted a certain hypocrisy in the level of outrage for these previous, markedly less serious Obama infractions when, less than five years ago, the network seemed a bit more forgiving of executive privilege.
What did y'all think of the Bush years' shenanigans? Secret torture programs, wire-tapping citizens without a warrant, putting signed statements onto laws that negated what the law says, stonewalling Congress, holding Americans without trial by calling them 'enemy combatants'? What was your working theory on the tyranny and lawlessness of those secret programs?
“Seems like over the past four years Fox has lost the capacity to trust their leaders,” Stewart joked. “I think I can help. Close your eyes, guys, and fall backwards into my arms. We'll catch you.” And then, in a whisper, “Nobody catches them.”
by
Proving that the race card has no bounds a Democrat Indiana lawmaker has accused an 18-month-old of being a racist.
While debating the controversial “Religious Freedom Bill” recently signed into law by Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Rep. Vanessa Summers said the toddler, who is the son of her colleague Republican Judson McMillin was afraid of her because she's black.
“He looked at me like I was a monster and turned around and cried,” she said. “And I told him you need to introduce your child to some people that are dark-skinned so he will not be scared.”
Now anyone who's ever met a baby knows they sometimes cry when they meet strangers, or Santa Claus, or the Easter Bunny or because, you know, they're babies and they just cry sometimes.
But not in the mind of Summers.
In her mind this baby was a racist who could only have cried in response to her black skin.
“I told Jud McMillin I love his son, but he's scared of me because of my color. It's hard,” she said to the sound of gasps from her colleagues who likely couldn't fathom a dumber statement being made by an elected official.
Her colleagues seemed to groan at the insanity of her claim, according to the Indianapolis Star.
“It's true,” Summers insisted.
McMillin took the high road in response to the claims.
“It's just incredibly unfortunate. You'd like to think that we would have professional discussion on the House floor and certainly be able to avoid having 18-month-olds in the discussion,” McMillin told the Star. “I can tell you that if he reacted the same way he reacts with anybody brand new, he buries his head in his dad's shoulder. Whoever it is, it's what he does. He's an 18-month-old kid; he's in a new environment up here in the place like the Statehouse but doesn't know anybody. I honestly don't remember anything out of the ordinary.”
The Twitterverse responded to the absurd statement accordingly.
It's nice to see Indiana electing special needs adults to its legislature. It's the only explanation for Vanessa Summers comments… — CDP (@WarGamesGuy) March 27, 2015
::::facepalm:::: Vanessa Summers CANNOT BE SERIOUS. Nobody is that stupid, right? http://t.co/xCJQw8yOXJ pic.twitter.com/aDS9i4rcPy — JM (@mynameismomma) March 27, 2015
There are plenty of reasons a small child would be afraid of State Rep. Vanessa Summers, her race isn't one of them though…. — Abdul-Hakim Shabazz (@AttyAbdul) March 24, 2015
.@inhsedems so do all of you feel this way, or is Vanessa Summers just bat-shit crazy?? — Gregory Sloan (@GSloanMDK) March 27, 2015
IN Rep. Vanessa Summers Believes An 18 Month Old Is Racist. http://t.co/WfrGtEj6se via @chicksonright Yes, these idiots breed! #moron — Bruce Creech #PJNET (@fbc1955) March 27, 2015
Maybe it wasn't that she was black but she was a mean, scary Democrat!
HT/ Chicks on the Right
BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Lebanese army battled Islamist fighters near the Syrian border on Saturday, killing 11 militants, a security official said, in a move against al Qaeda-linked gunmen who earlier had seized a police station and killed two soldiers.
The gunmen included fighters from the Islamic State, a radical Sunni group that has seized control of large areas of Syria and Iraq, Lebanese security officials said.
The fighting in the border town of Arsal marked some of the worst spillover violence since Syria's three-year-old war began, and risked exacerbating tensions in Lebanon among sectarian groups at odds over the Syrian conflict.
At least three civilians were also killed, and 16 members of the security forces were taken hostage after fighters from the Nusra Front, al Qaeda's branch in Syria, seized the security building, security source said. A local Lebanese official said the men who had been seized were in “a safe place”.
“It's a war right now,” said Ali Hujeiri, the local mayor, who spoke briefly to Reuters by telephone from the area. He gave no details on the whereabouts of the men.
The sound of artillery fire and gunfire were heard late into the night. The army said in a statement that soldiers were clashing with large numbers of gunmen who they were seeking to encircle.
Lebanese media said a total of seven soldiers had been killed in the violence, though the army responded with a statement warning against the publication of “erroneous information”.
Lebanon has been buffeted by sectarian conflict across the region that has seen the rise of hardline Islamist factions such as the Nusra Front and the Islamic State from Iraq to the Mediterranean.
Lebanon has been hit especially hard by the civil war in Syria, where Sunni Muslim rebels are fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad, a member of the Shi'ite-derived Alawite minority.
Arsal is a Sunni town sandwiched between Syrian government-controlled territory and a largely Lebanese Shi'ite area supportive of Hezbollah, the Iranian-backed group that is fighting with Assad's forces in Syria.
Arsal's Sunni population has been largely sympathetic to the rebels in Syria.
Together with Syrian government forces, Hezbollah had taken part in an earlier ambush on militants on the Syrian side of the border. At least 50 rebels, including members of the Nusra Front and the Islamic State, were killed, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the violence in Syria.
Hezbollah deployed forces heavily in the area of Arsal. They were on high alert but had not taken part in the battle, a source familiar with the situation said. A Syrian activist in Arsal said it was already taking part in the fighting.
Lebanon, which is still recovering from its own 1975-90 civil war, has suffered suicide attacks, car bombs, rocket fire, kidnappings and gun battles related to the conflict in Syria.
A PLANNED ATTACK
This was the first time militants had seized a government building. “It appears the armed operation was not spontaneous, but planned and studied, and the army will be firm and decisive in its response,” the army said in a statement.
Prime Minister Tammam Salam said it marked an attack on the state by “non-Lebanese armed groups”. The army would “restore security and stability to Arsal and the surrounding area”, he said in a statement carried by the National News Agency.
Tens of thousands of Syrian refugees have fled to Arsal to escape fighting across the porous mountainous border. It has seen frequent spillover from Syria and has been a tinder box for domestic tensions in Lebanon.
Rebel fighters often cross the frontier, sometimes resting or seeking medical treatment in Arsal. Some 3,000 insurgents, beaten back by pro-Assad forces in Syria over the last year, are holed up in the mountains near the border, security sources say.
“In terms of repercussions for Lebanon, it is the most dangerous development since the eruption of the Syrian crisis,” said Nabil Boumonsef, a commentator with the Lebanese newspaper An-Nahar.
It risked further inflaming sectarian tensions in Lebanon, he said. “The army can still contain it, but it will be costly.”
Two of the civilians killed in the violence died as they tried to prevent the Nusra Front fighters from storming the police station, security sources and Lebanese state media said.
The Lebanese army shelled militant positions in Arsal's environs, security sources said, while witnesses said Syrian warplanes had bombed rebel positions in the area.
NUSRA FRONT LEADER DETAINED
Saturday's violence began after Lebanese authorities arrested a Nusra Front leader, Emad Jumaa, at a checkpoint near town, security sources said. In response, masked gunmen fanned out in the area and stormed the police station. One Nusra Front fighter told Reuters the fighters would not leave the station until Jumaa was released.
The Lebanese army said soldiers and policemen had been seized from their homes by the gunmen, who had taken them hostage to demand the release of “one of the most dangerous detainees in army custody” - an apparent reference to Jumaa.
The Lebanese army said in a statement it “would not allow any party to transfer the battle from Syria to its land”.
Local television showed military vehicles loaded with soldiers in fatigues rolling down the road in the area of Arsal as ambulances with sirens blaring drove in the other direction.
Officials across the political spectrum, divided largely along Lebanon's own sectarian fault lines, condemned the attack.
Nabih Berri, the Shi'ite speaker of parliament, urged Lebanese to “unite behind the army and security forces”, in a statement published by the National News Agency.
Former Prime Minister Fouad Siniora, a Sunni, called for Syrian gunmen to withdraw from Lebanon and for Arsal to be put under control of the security forces - but also said Hezbollah fighters must leave Syria.
Related Coverage Eight Lebanese soldiers killed in border town fight: army
Perennial tensions between politicians have been worsened by Syria's war. Lebanon has been without a president since May because lawmakers have been unable to settle on a candidate suitable to both its main Sunni and Shi'ite-led factions.
In a statement on its Twitter account, the United States embassy condemned the attack and said “dissociation” was Lebanon's best defense against regional conflict.
Wednesday, January 6, 2016, 12:16
By Associated Press
In this May 27, 2015 photo, a member of ground staff loads luggage to a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 737-800 at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia. (AP Photo / Vincent Thian)
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia - Malaysia Airlines said Wednesday it has lifted a ban on check-in baggage on flights to Paris and Amsterdam, after the move angered many passengers who slammed the airline on social media.
The U-turn came less than 24 hours after the airline announced that passengers cannot check-in baggage for Tuesday and Wednesday flights to the two European cities due to "unseasonably strong headwinds" on a longer flight path it is taking.
The airline said it recently had to operate a longer route to Europe, via Egyptian airspace, for safety reasons. It said strong headwinds over the past four days were in excess of 200 knots, which can add up to 15 percent to fuel burn on its Boeing 777 aircraft.
"Based on its current risk assessment, done on a daily basis, the airline is now able to take a shorter route on European flights. Malaysia Airlines maintains that safety is of utmost priority in its operations and will not hesitate to adjust its flight path based on its daily risk assessment," it said in a brief statement.
It didn't elaborate on the change in route, and airline officials could not be reached immediately for comment. A Malaysia Airlines jet flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down by a missile in eastern Ukraine in 2014, killing all 298 people on board.
Many passengers left angry comments on the airline's Facebook page, slamming it for being the only airline to impose such a ban. Some of them said the airline should have limited the number of passengers and rejected freight instead. Others asked for a refund of their tickets.
Losses of two flights in 2014 hit the finances of already struggling Malaysia Airlines. One flight heading to Beijing disappeared and is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean. That tragedy was followed months later by the Ukraine disaster.
Last year, the airline appointed its first foreign CEO, Christoph Mueller, the former head of Ireland's Aer Lingus, to oversee a major restructuring. Mueller has said the airline can break even by 2018 after cutting 6,000 staff, selling surplus aircraft and refurbishing its international fleet.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho blamed a "dangerous" pitch as he has confirmed John Terry is a doubt for Sunday's clash at Tottenham after being stretchered off during his side's 4-0 Champions League win at Maccabi Tel-Aviv on Tuesday.
The Premier League champions kept their hopes of reaching the knockout phase in Europe alive with a convincing win in Israel, with Gary Cahill scoring in the first half before former Chelsea defender Tal Ben Haim was shown a straight red card for hacking Diego Costa.
Chelsea captain Terry was replaced for Kurt Zouma 19 minutes from time before Willian, Oscar and Zouma scored late on, and Mourinho -- who criticised the quality of the Sammy Ofer Stadium pitch in Haifa -- says the 34-year-old centre-back could now miss the important trip to White Hart Lane on Sunday.
"The surface was bad and dangerous," Mourinho said. "John has an ankle problem that we don't know yet the dimension of.
"For John to leave the pitch with the result 1-0 I know already that he is in trouble.
"My medical department is really good. John is a special guy, with a special desire to recover. But I think to leave the pitch with the result 1-0, I don't believe too much that he can play [against Spurs]."
Ramires was not in the matchday squad after suffering an injury in training on Monday, when Chelsea tried to minimise their time on the pitch.
"Yesterday we tried to protect [the pitch], we trained just a little bit. But by my surprise Maccabi were training after us, plus the warm-up before the game," Mourinho said. "The pitch was really bad. Ramires slid and had a muscular injury."
After Gary Cahill's opening goal, Mourinho took it upon himself to replace divots on the pitch in front of his technical area, and he said: "I think after what I did, I think it was worse. I tried."
The win keeps Chelsea on course to qualify from Group G with the Blues needing just a point to qualify, and the coach acknowledged the importance of his side's win after Dynamo shocked Porto with a 2-0 win in Portugal.
"It was very important especially with what happened in Porto," Mourinho said. "It is also important to have two victories in a few days. I hope tranquillity comes, morale comes, confidence comes.
"In this moment we are in a good position. [Maccabi] don't deserve such a hard punishment -- they did OK for periods of the game with 10 men."
Chelsea skipper John Terry could miss Sunday's trip to Premier League rivals Tottenham.
Mourinho was happy with the first-half display, but felt the scoreline flattered his side.
"In the first half I could feel only the bad pitch stopped us from playing even better when we reached the last third," he said. "I think we played better matches today, but we lost.
"In the second half in the first 15, 20 minutes, I think we slept. We were too confident, we were waiting for the second goal to come.
"Only when we felt that we were in danger we had again a good reaction."
Asmir Begovic made a number of important saves with Chelsea a goal up until the latter stages, and Mourinho praised the goalkeeper -- standing in for injured No. 1 Thibaut Courtois -- for "a beautiful hand to keep a clean sheet."
Maccabi Tel Aviv boss Slavisa Jokanovic said his side were better than in the return contest in London, when Chelsea also won 1-0, but having Ben Haim sent off was challenging.
"It's very complicated 11 against 11 against Chelsea," Jokanovic said. "Many minutes with one player less is complicated for us. It can be a more important decision in the game.
"I believe we improved. At the end they scored three goals from set pieces."
This was inevitable: The Republican National Committee published a ridiculously detailed and self-serious opposition-research report accusing Hillary Clinton of being a “bandwagon” Cubs fan.
If you're of a certain age you'll recall that Clinton, who grew up in the Chicago suburbs, spoke about being a Cubs fan as a kid. You'll also recall that when she was running for her senate seat in New York, she gave shoutouts to a heretofore unheard of Yankees fandom. A lot of people have had fun with this at various times — we've mentioned it here on multiple occasions — but I wasn't aware that anyone considered it an actually substantive political issue as opposed to an amusing “politicians, man” kind of thing.
The Republicans think it's serious, though. Indeed, there's more detail to this oppo-hit than there is any of the party's candidate's position papers. And while someone could, theoretically, have a lot of fun with this kind of material, the opposition report is not even remotely tongue-in-cheek. It reads like a poisition paper on nuclear proliferation. If the GOP had been this serious about vetting its own candidate, I suspect they wouldn't be in the position they're in today.
As for the substance: eh, who cares? Sports is entertainment and cultural glue. As a kid in Chicago, being a Cubs fan is both fun and makes some sense. As a senator from New York in the early 2000s, you're gonna get to go to some Yankees games and sit in some good seats and that's fun too. And, of course, politicians are going to say opportunistic things in order to attempt to connect with their constituents. Think of that what you will, but if you think of that as something which reveals something deep and dark within their soul about what kind of person they are, you probably need to step away from the cable news for a while and get some fresh air. Or you probably need to admit that you already believed the worse about her and that this is just an exercise in confirmation bias.
Heck, at this point I almost hope she finds a third or fourth team to root for. Indeed, I hope she makes a comic heel turn, puts on a Chief Wahoo hat for tonight's game and claims that, deep, deep down, she had always rooted for the Indians. Then even I could get on her case about it. And we could all talk about how, in her own way, Hillary was really bringing the nation together.
Follow @craigcalcaterra
October 18, 2013
by Compassion Over Killing Staff
Earlier this year, Public School 244, an elementary school in Queens, New York City, announced that its cafeteria is now 100 percent meatless — and it just turned in its own report card to reflect how its 400 students are responding to and benefiting from the all-vegetarian meals.
According to school officials quoted in the New York Daily News, since implementing a meat-free menu in January, the students' attendance, test scores — and even their energy levels and attention spans — have all notably improved.
The article also mentions that while kids can opt to bring their own non-vegetarian lunches, around 90 percent of students choose the vegetarian school cafeteria meals, which includes organic roasted tofu and braised black beans.
Even more beneficial are the life-long lessons about healthy-eating, an idea that doesn't end when the final school bell rings. The students take a weekly class on nutrition, and they're sharing what they've learned with their families.
These positive findings reinforce a 2012 study that found school districts that have enacted strong changes in their school nutrition policies (such as New York City and Los Angeles) are seeing childhood obesity rates drop.
Luckily, school districts across the country are getting the message. The Baltimore City Public School system implemented Meatless Mondays in 2009 — serving all-vegetarian meals to 80,000 students every week on Mondays. Just this year, the Los Angeles Unified School District, the nation's second largest public school system, launched a 100 percent Meatless Monday menu in all of its cafeterias following a city council resolution supporting the campaign. And, most recently, the San Diego Unified School District began incorporating Meatless Mondays in kindergarten through eighth grade cafeterias.
Want to bring more vegetarian options to a school in your area? Learn more about the Meatless Monday campaign, and then set up an interview with a school administrator to talk more about it!
ARK: Survival Evolved got a hardware upgrade in the wee Thursday morning hours. Studio Wildcard migrated the open-world dinosaur survival game to several new servers overnight, with the hope to improve the title's performance.
The European servers for ARK: Survival Evolved were migrated to faster machines at approximately 2 a.m. ET and were offline for a couple of hours while the transfer was performed. A complete list of servers moved can be found here. North American servers for ARK: Survival Evolved were not impacted by the upgrade, as 144 “EU” servers were migrated to better hardware.
Unsurprisingly, a couple of issues did pop up. EU-XboxOfficialServer186 experienced some connection issues when the servers came back online. Studio Wildcard Community Manager Jat Karunakaran was quick to respond to the issue with a Twitter post stating, “There are some current connection issues with Server 186. They'll be resolved ASAP!”
The new servers are 30 to 40 percent faster than the old servers and are meant to be part of the solution to solve performance issues with ARK: Survival Evolved. The game is technically still in a pre-alpha state, as it is in early release for the Xbox Game Preview Program. That means it is highly un-optimized as Studio Wildcard focuses on adding content and features to the game. Once that is complete, the developer will turn its attention to improving the game's performance.
[Image via ARK: Survival Evolved] The performance issues with ARK: Survival Evolved are glaringly obvious to anyone who has spent even a little time with the game. The frame rate is wildly variable, and will often dip down into the single digits or freeze altogether. This is due to the game streaming in new assets as the player moves around the world, and is most noticeable around structures built by players and large numbers of animals. The title also suffers from a rubber-banding issue where the game will become unresponsive and then players will snap back to a location. This is caused by the server performing a save of the game world and the rubber-banding becomes worse as players add more structures and tamed animals.
I asked Jat via Twitter if the new servers will help with frame frame rate performance, server performance, rubber banding, asset streaming, or all the above on Twitter, where he responded, “Should pretty much help with it all, hopefully!” He made a similar statement in a post on in the comments on the game's official forums where the server migration announcement was made.
There is no confirmation from Studio Wildcard yet that upgraded hardware will be brought to the North American official servers. The Community Manager explained it is “hard to say so right now. Quite a lot of other stuff takes priority over it” in the ARK forums.
[Image via ARK: Survival Evolved] This juggling of priorities is part of the reason why the release date for the game was officially pushed back to a holiday 2016 release window. ARK: Survival Evolved was originally planned for a June, 2016, release, and was quietly pushed back to a fall release by Creative Director Jesse Rapczak during an IGN livestream revealing split-screen multiplayer.
The game was officially delayed during PAX East this past weekend as Rapczak explained why in a statement shared with GameSpot.
“Ark‘s success has increased our content goals and Early Access players have helped us raise our ambitions with their invaluable feedback,” Studio Wildcard co-founder Jesse Rapczak said in a statement. “When we first announced, we said 70 dinos, now we'll have over 100. We never anticipated adding modding, local multiplayer, split screen, or numerous other upcoming features. The game at launch will be far more robust than originally conceived, but it takes a little extra time to wrap it all up.”
The Center [Image via YouTube] The PC version of ARK: Survival Evolved recently received the 239.0 update, which added the Dire Bear and Manta among other items. There is no ETA on when this update will hit the Xbox One. Studio Wildcard is planning to release official servers featuring The Center map mod in May. It is possible the studio is working on trying to add support for official mods in the next Xbox One patch, which would mean a slight delay to console update 734.0.
Have you been playing on one of the ARK: Survival Evolved servers migrated to new hardware for the Xbox One? What has your experience been like so far? Sounds off in the comments below.
[Image via Steam]
Rachel Rivera, a Sandy Survivor and member of New York Communities for Change (NYCC), said: “During Sandy, the water took everything from me in a storm supercharged by climate change. My family back in Puerto Rico is still without power and resources due to a devastating hurricane. This did not happen by chance, I know this is caused by corporations like ExxonMobil that continue to profit from a business model that destroys the planet. Today, I am happy to congratulate Governor Cuomo and Comptroller DiNapoli for making New York the leading state in the country fighting against climate change. It's both morally bankrupt and bad finance to invest our public funds in climate destruction. Now at the city level, Public Advocate James has pointed the way, and Comptroller Stringer has rightly responded by moving forward with fossil fuel divestment to protect all New Yorkers and the planet.” Mimi Bluestone of 350 Brooklyn, said: “350 Brooklyn welcomes this step by Governor Cuomo and Comptroller Stringer towards climate sanity. New York City pensioners' hard earned money should not be invested in activities that devastate our shorelines and wreak havoc on our climate. As a retired NYC teacher, I'm happy to know that the City pension funds will be moving away from investing in activities that will harm the students I spent my career teaching.” Carl Chipman, Rochester Supervisor and representative of Elected Officials to Protect New York, said: “On behalf of 220 officials from 50 counties who have urged Comptroller DiNapoli to protect our pensioners by divesting from fossil fuels, we applaud Governor Cuomo's call to align New York's investments with our values. We must phase out the billions invested in fossil fuels whose business model harms New York taxpayers and threatens the stable future for retirees that pension funds are intended to provide.” Denise Patel, Divest Invest Network, Coordinator, said: “Financial markets are finally waking up to the reality that climate change is here. With the World Bank planning to end oil and gas financing, and major insurers and pension funds, ING, Axa, and Storebrand, moving money away from fossil fuels towards sustainable solutions, the moral imperative set forth by the DivestInvest movement has clearly become a mainstream financial solution to tackle the existential threat that is climate change. We hope Comptroller DiNapoli quickly follows the lead of these top global investors and we commend New York's climate leaders Governor Cuomo, Senator Liz Krueger, Comptroller Stringer, and Public Advocate Letitia James for leading the charge.” Fletcher Harper, GreenFaith, Executive Director, said: “New York City's divestment commitment is a blessing to future generations, vulnerable communities, and our precious planet. It is the right thing to do and we praise this demonstration of leadership.” Mark Dunlea, former steering Committee member of 350 NYC, said: “It is great news that after 5 years Scott Stringer is recognizing the moral and financially imperative to end the pension fund's investments in planet destroying fossil fuels. We hope the pension boards will agree to divest.I also appreciate the leadership of PA Advocate Tish James and Mayor De Blasio on DivestInvest in recent years. Thanks is due to the tireless work by thousands of volunteers in groups like 350.” Rev. Dr. Amy Butler, Senior Minister, The Riverside Church in the City of New York, said: “The moral arc of the universe is long, but it does bend toward justice. My faith teaches that we are called to be good stewards of creation and to care for our neighbors. This means breaking our sinful dependency on fossil fuels, the burning of which is destroying the planet and harming the most vulnerable among us. The decision by New York to divest from fossil fuels is a landmark achievement in living into a better world for all.” David Levine, President, American Sustainable Business Council, said: “The business and economic case for taking greater action on climate change is clear to companies throughout New York State. By divesting, NYS and NYC can now reap the benefits of investment in a clean and healthy economy, growing business and creating jobs while protecting our health and environment. A win for business and all of us in NYS.” Jesse Paris Smith and Rebecca Foon, co-founders, Pathway to Paris, said: In early November, Pathway to Paris brought together musicians, activists, writers, politicians to share in a night of music and talks at Carnegie Hall, with a shared vision of moving into the era of renewable energy. During Bill McKibben's time on stage he asked the audience to write a letter to NY Comptroller Scott Stringer, urging him to divest New York's pension fund from fossil fuels, resulting in 3000 letters that were then sent to him over the following weeks. This was a true moment of a diversity of beautiful voices coming together making profound change resulting in a best practice for the world. People indeed have the power.” Bob Rossi, Director, New York Sustainable Business Council, said: “New York's stated intention to divest from fossil fuels is a necessary step in paving the way to a renewable hopeful future for all. The work ahead for us is to support opportunities for New York businesses to fully participate in an economy that is shifting further toward sustainability.”
The generic bulking routine Since it gets asked about fairly often, here is the routine. Some notes follow
***
Mon: Lower
Squat: 3-4X6-8/3' (3-4 sets of 6-8 with a 3' rest)
SLDL or leg curl: 3-4X6-8/3'
Leg press: 2-3X10-12/2'
Another leg curl: 2-3X10-12/2'
Calf raise: 3-4X6-8/3'
Seated calf: 2-3X10-12/2'
Abs/low back: a couple of heavy sets apiece
Tue: Upper
Flat bench: 3-4X6-8/3'
Row: 3-4X6-8/3'
Incline bench or shoulder press: 2-3X10-12/2'
Pulldown/chin: 2-3X10-12/2'
Triceps: 1-2X12-15/1.5'
Biceps: 1-2X12-15/1.5'
For the Thu/Fri workouts either Repeat the first two or make some slight exercise substitutions. Can do deadlift/leg press combo on Thu, switch incline/pulldown to first exercises on upper body day. A lot depends on volume tolerance, if the above is too much, go to 2-3X6-8 and 1-2X10-12
Sets are work sets only, warm up appropriately.
****
A few notes:
1. This is an intermediate program. It is not appropriate for rank beginners (less than 6 months of consistent proper training) and tends not to be ideal for the very advanced (more than 3 years of proper training, near their genetic limits).
2. Folks who can't handle 4 days per week can use this on an alternating three day per week ABABA type of program so that everything gets hit every 5th day.
Monday: Upper body
Wednesday: Lower body
Friday: Upper body
Monday: Lower body
Wednesday: Upper body
Friday: Lower body
this can also be useful for older trainees since recovery is usually down a bit.
2a. For folks who don't do well training 2 days in a row (heavy leg days can be fatiguing for the upper day) and who can train on weekends, a schedule of
Mon: lower
Wed: upper
Fri: lower
Sat: upper
may be superior you get a day off after at least two of the workouts.
3. The program should be done across 6-8 week blocks of training. The first 2 weeks are submaximal run-ups where you are working below your best weight for the rep range. You might go something like 80-85% of best (e.g. if 100X8 is your best, go 80-85 lbsX8) in week 1 and then 90-95% of best in week 2. that means that sets will NOT be to failure and the workouts should be pretty comfortable.
For the next 4-6 weeks, the goal should be to make improvements as much as possible. When you get to the top end of the rep range on the first set with at least a rep or two to spare set add weight. Some may find it better getting all sets at the same weight before going up at the next workout.
3. People vary massively in how well they can handle weights across multiple sets. If you can do it, get all of the work sets at the same weight. If you can't, you are better off warming up to your heaviest weight on the first set and then pyramiding DOWN (e.g. lower weight on subsequent sets). Ascending pyramids suck.
4. After the 6-8 weeks is up, you MUST backcycle. If you want to change exericses, do it during the two week submaximal runup. Even if you want to keep the same exercises, you MUST backcycle to 80-85% of your previous best and runup at to numbers again. You MUST listen to me about this, if you try to keep hammering past that point, you will burn out and start backsliding.
With phone calls and meetings beginning informing some ESPN employees that they have been laid off, word will slowly trickle out all day long about who they are. There will be plenty of names you have heard of, as ESPN reorients their daily lineup of shows, and their online video and stories to match.
As ESPNers announce their layoffs, or they are reported, we will keep a running list here.
NBA Insider Chad Ford
Advertisement
College Football & Indy 500 Play-By-Play Announcer Allen Bestwick
NBA Reporter Marc Stein
Advertisement
NBA Digital Deputy Director Henry Abbott
Investigations Unit Writer Shaun Assael
Advertisement
College Football Analyst Mark May
Via Awful Announcing
Soccer Writer Doug McIntyre
Advertisement
Reporter Britt McHenry
ESPN 710 Host Jeff Biggs
Advertisement
Outside the Lines Reporter Steve Delsohn
College Football Reporter David Lombardi
Advertisement
College Basketball Reporter Andy Katz
Columnist Jim Caple
Advertisement
College Football Analyst Charles Arbuckle
MLB Analysts Dallas Braden And Raul Ibanez
MLB Analyst Doug Glanville
ESPNU Producer Josh Parcell
Advertisement
Soccer Writer David Hirshey
SportsCenter Anchor Darren Haynes
Advertisement
NFL Contributor Jarrett Bell
SportsCenter Anchor Jade McCarthy
Advertisement
Auto Racing and College Football Commentator Jerry Punch
Enterprise Reporter Tom Farrey
Advertisement
Sports Gambling Writer Dave Tuley
Premier Boxing Champions Host Marysol Castro
Advertisement
Correspondent Reese Waters
SEC Reporter Greg Ostendorf
Advertisement
Golf Commentator Dottie Pepper
Legal Analyst Roger Cossack
Advertisement
SportsCenter Anchor Jaymee Sire
SportsCenter Anchor Chris Hassel
Advertisement
Predictive Analytics Expert Rufus Peabody
College Sports Reporter Chantel Jennings
Advertisement
New Orleans Pelicans Reporter Justin Verrier
Radio Host Robin Lundberg
Advertisement
NFL Analyst Ashley Fox
College Basketball Analyst Len Elmore
Advertisement
Houston Rockets Reporter Calvin Watkins
ESPNW and ESPN Chicago Columnist Melissa Isaacson
Advertisement
SportsCenter Anchor Jay Crawford
NBA Reporter Ethan Sherwood Strauss
Advertisement
Pac 12 Reporter Ted Miller
NFL Analyst Trent Dilfer
Advertisement
Big Ten Reporter Brian Bennett
MLB Writer Jayson Stark
Advertisement
SEC Football Reporter David Ching
ESPNW Reporter Jane McManus
Advertisement
Big 12 Reporter Max Olson
Dodgers Reporter Doug Padilla
Advertisement
Columnist Johnette Howard
Radio Host Danny Kanell
Advertisement
College Basketball Reporter C.L. Brown
SEC Recruiting Analyst Derek Tyson
Advertisement
ESPN Dallas Columnist Jean-Jacques Taylor
College Basketball Writer Eamonn Brennan
Advertisement
College Football Recruiting Reporter Jeremy Crabtree
College Football Reporter Brett McMurphy
Advertisement
Baseball Reporter Mark Saxon
MLB Analyst Jim Bowden
Advertisement
Big Ten Football Reporter Austin Ward
Wisconsin and Big Ten Football Reporter Jesse Temple
Advertisement
Soccer Writer Mike Goodman
ESPNU Anchor Brendan Fitzgerald
Advertisement
College Basketball Reporter Dana O'Neil
NHL Columnist Pierre LeBrun
Advertisement
Hockey Writer Joe McDonald
NHL Columnist Scott Burnside
Advertisement
NFL Reporter Ed Werder
Titans Reporter Paul Kuharsky
Advertisement
Additionally, The Hollywood Reporter reports that Karl Ravech, Ryen Russillo, and Hannah Storm will see their roles “significantly reduced.” THR originally reported that ESPN would allow SportsCenter anchor John Buccigross's contract to expire, but has since walked that back.
Twenty of the 100 or so layoffs are of Bristol-based employees.
Violence against American Muslims is growing faster than at any time since 9/11, with assaults on Muslim individuals and their places of worship having tripled since the Paris and San Bernardino terror attacks. A New York Times article published last December cites several examples, which include shootings and vandalism. According to the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), last year set a record for the highest number of incidents targeting U.S. Mosques. As a result of this violence, Muslims across the country, including women and children, have conveyed to the public that they genuinely fear for their safety and security.
Hostility toward Muslims because of their religious faith is fundamental to the root and expression of Islamophobia. A 1997 report of the Runnymede Trust defined Islamophobia as “an outlook or world-view involving an unfounded dread and dislike of Muslims, which results in practices of exclusion and discrimination.” The report also identified eight common misconceptions about Islam, such as the religion is inferior, primitive, and barbaric and embodies a political ideology rather than a true religious faith. For these reasons, among others, it can be argued that Islamophobia is a form of racism.
The hate propaganda and political demagoguery observed in the current presidential election season has fueled Islamophobia and contributed to the sharp rise in hate crimes. Many public figures, social commentators and members of the media tragically conflate terrorism with Islam, despite the lack of credible evidence pointing to any connection between the two. Sadly, it is quite possible that the anti-Muslim responses to the terror attacks in Brussels from Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and others may have incited more Islamophobia and put Muslims at greater risk of victimization.
There are about 3 million Muslims in the U.S. today and more than 1.6 billion worldwide. They have the same right to religious freedom, freedom from fear, and human dignity as members of any other religion, particularly in a nation that touts itself as a beacon of hope and the “Land of the Free.” As citizens, we have a moral responsibility to act to protect and preserve these rights. Accordingly, Islamophobia must be confronted every time it rears its ugly head. There is no room for apathy or complacency on this matter.
Determined to defy and combat Islamophobia before more innocent Muslims are targeted and harmed, Veterans For Peace (VFP), working closely with Iraq Veterans Against the War (IVAW), has organized a campaign called “Veterans Challenge Islamophobia” (VCI). This national campaign is a broad-based, action-oriented effort which calls on military veterans everywhere to defend the values of religious freedom, equality and individual rights – the very same values that are embedded in the U.S. Constitution. The campaign strives to prevent further abuse of our Muslim neighbors while building strong, positive relationships with Muslim communities to help guard them against hate-motivated threats and behavior.
VFP understands that terror groups like ISIL do not speak for Islam and, in fact, the vast majority of ISIL's victims are Muslims. To quote Muslim Navy veteran and VFP member Nate Terani, ISIL's atrocities represent “utter cowardice carried out by thugs who know NO religion except violence and destruction. They are NOT members of my faith which preaches the sanctity of creation.” In a recent op-ed, Paul K. Chappell, retired Army Captain and a member of VFP's advisory board, argues that ISIL deliberately provokes Islamophobia for the purposes of recruitment. The terror organization requires two specific conditions before this objective can be fulfilled: “It needs to dehumanize the people it kills, and it also needs Western countries to dehumanize Muslims.” Chappell contends that ISIL “commits horrible atrocities against Westerners because it wants us to overreact by stereotyping, dehumanizing, and alienating Muslims.” Islamophobia, therefore, has the real potential of strengthening ISIL, especially if left unchallenged.
Besides being used as a mechanism to denigrate Muslim Americans, Islamophobia has been employed as a vehicle to demonize Muslims in foreign lands, functioning as a convenient tool for lawmakers pushing to reject war refugees from the Middle East or furnish a pretext for sending more military troops to the region. VFP also believes that the pro-torture rhetoric of several presidential candidates is linked to Islamophobia, a position that VFP has articulated publicly. The ongoing vilification and targeting of Muslims both here and abroad demonstrates the urgent need for, and importance of, the VCI campaign.
The formal statement of the VCI campaign reads as follows:
We are U.S. military veterans, many of whom saw combat in Afghanistan, Iraq and Vietnam, who are appalled by the current spate of bigotry, racism and hatred expressed toward Muslims, the huge majority of whom are law-abiding and productive citizens. Bigotry and racism violate all of the values we believed we were defending during our military service. The ideals contained in the Constitution, to the degree they have been manifested in America, have been a beacon to much of the world because of the diversity, openness, and respect for people of all faiths that most Americans live by. It will be a great calamity if we let fear give rise to hatred. Fear-mongering endangers our national security and gives rise to hatred and racism that play into the hands of an enemy that wants to convince Muslims around the world that the West, led by the U.S., hates them, and that joining ISIL or similar organizations is the only way to truly observe and defend their religion. We can never defend ourselves effectively by playing into our adversary's strategy, giving credibility to their recruitment propaganda. We endanger ourselves whenever we make that mistake. We call on all Americans to let their voices be heard and to stand up for the values of tolerance, respect and love. As Pope Francis told Congress, “to imitate the hatred and violence of tyrants and murderers is the best way to take their place.
The above statement is published on the VCI campaign website where veterans can sign on to support the campaign and non-veterans can sign up for campaign news while helping make sure the voices of veterans are heard as we defend freedom of religion and stand against bigotry.
A number of campaign-related activities have taken place since VCI was launched last January. At the end of February, for instance, a VFP sponsored rally titled “Muslims Are Not Our Enemy” was held outside the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center, New England's largest mosque (video). The campaign has inspired the hashtag #VetsVsHate, a movement of veterans who have posted personal messages of solidarity to social media and held nonviolent protests at political events nationwide, including in South Carolina, Alabama, Nevada and Arizona. Veterans involved in protests have displayed banners with appeals to stop the hate, two of which read, “Veterans to Mr. Trump: End Hate Speech Against Muslims” and “We Stand With Our Muslim Brothers and Sisters.” During some of these actions, several veterans were accosted and manhandled by security officials and belligerent political supporters.
It is the hope of VFP and its allies that the VCI campaign functions as an educational instrument and a call to action. The attempts to manufacture fear and hatred of Muslims in our society must be stopped. All veterans, whether or not they agree with VFP on other issues, can be prominent and influential leaders in the struggle against Islamophobia and in persuading their fellow Americans to oppose hate. This campaign is intended as one small but significant contribution toward that effort.
There has been a lot of speculation around GM's production capacity for the Chevy Bolt EV, a $37,500 all-electric vehicle with 60kWh battery and 238-mile range. We've heard numbers between 25,000 and 50,000 units per year. Now LG Chem, GM's battery supplier for the Bolt, says that they are expecting to produce “over 30,000” battery packs for the vehicle program next year.
2017 will be the first full year of production for the Bolt EV since it is expected to enter production in the coming weeks, if not already.
During a conference call to discuss the company's third-quarter earnings, LG Chem Vice President Kang Chang-beom said that the company is projecting over 30,000 sales for the Bolt EV program, according to Reuters.
As we previously reported, LG is an incredibly important supplier to GM's Bolt EV program. In fact, the Bolt is almost as much an LG product as it is a GM product. LG Chem supplies the battery cells, but between its other divisions, the South Korean giant supplies all the main powertrain components, the HVAC system, and the instrument/infotainment cluster, among other things.
Earlier this month, we reported that GM dealerships are starting to get allocations for Chevy Bolt EVs, but only in states with ZEV mandates. While GM claims otherwise, it's still not 100% clear if the Bolt will be only a compliance car or really a widely available car. Perhaps Chevy is hedging that if it flops (which it shouldn't) they can save face by making it a ZEV credit machine.
Despite some caveats, like its DC fast-charging capacity capped at 50 kW, it's a more than decent electric vehicle at $37,500 before incentives. If someone can get the car at ~$30,000, it should prove to be a very efficient and popular commuter car – especially if Chevy is diligent about communicating the huge cost savings and other advantages of driving electric vs. ICE.
But if they can only produce ~30,000 cars per year, it sounds like it could be difficult to get the car outside of ZEV states. Between all of them, California, Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont, there could be plenty of demand to create a backlog and the vehicle is much more valuable to GM in those states than anywhere else.
The ZEV credits it will get for just one sale in California can be worth anywhere between $12,000 and $20,000. That could be the difference between making a profit or not on the Bolt EV for GM. Perhaps LG is expecting to bring the prices down on batteries, thus insuring profitability, as the Bolt moves from ZEV credit geos to the broader US auto market.
It will certainly be interesting to follow the launch of the car in the coming months and see if the Bolt becomes available outside of ZEV states and at what price. We're particularly interested in getting back behind the wheel. Stay tuned.
The National Hockey League's Department of Player Safety on Saturday unveiled its "Goaltender Interference" video, the second in a series of educational videos designed to help players and fans better understand how specific infractions are viewed and evaluated, what is legal and what merits the assessment of Supplemental Discipline.
This latest video takes viewers through the dynamics of determining the issues involving goaltender interference that can merit the possibility of Supplemental Discipline. It provides several examples of goaltender interference incidents and explains the key components that must be present for a goaltender interference infraction to rise to the level of review by the Department of Player Safety.
On Tuesday, the Department of Player Safety will release an educational video focusing upon Tripping/Slew-Footing. During the course of the season, the department will produce videos focusing upon other types of infractions, as well.
Friday, the Department of Player Safety released its first video, the 'Evolution of a Suspension.' which detailed the multi-step process that the department undergoes any time an incident might require the imposition of supplemental discipline. That video can be viewed here.
The Ditka Years Part 3: The Meathead Strikes Back
After two miserable seasons with identical 6-10 records, Mike Ditka was grasping at straws and flailing about like a drunk who fell off The Riverwalk and into the Mississippi River. He was trying to raise an already sunken ship that he spent the previous two years blowing huge holes in the hull with his own torpedoes. So, he pushed all of his remaining chips to the middle of the table and decided to go "all in" on the 1999 Draft by taking Ricky Williams.
The Saints traded away 8 picks, including two 1st rounders, to the Washington Redskins so they could move up from their own #12 spot in the draft to the #5 spot.
Here is what the Redskins received.
Year Round 1999 1st (12th Overall) 1999 3rd 1999 4th 1999 5th 1999 6th 1999 7th 2000 1st (2nd Overall) 2000 3rd
Unfortunately, for the Redskins, they had a new owner (Daniel Snyder) who knew even less about the drafting NFL players than Ditka (is that even possible?) and who also had a natural tendency for going "all in" on controversial draft picks and free agent signings and would prove it many times over the next few years.
The Redskins packaged up those picks and traded away the 1st, 3rd, 4th, and 5th round picks in 1999 along with their own 3rd round pick in 2000 to the Bears so they could move up in the 1999 draft and take Champ Bailey. They also traded the 6th and 7th round 1999 picks from the Saints to the Broncos so they could move up in 1999 and draft Derek Smith. They held on to the Saints 1st and 3rd round picks for 2000 and drafted LaVar Arrington and Lloyd Harrison.
After all the dust had settled, here is what each team received in players.
Saints Redskins Bears Broncos Ricky Williams Champ Bailey Cade McNown Desmond Clark LaVar Arrington D'Wayne Bates Billy Miller Derek Smith Warrick Holdman Lloyd Harrison Khari Samuel Dustin Lyman
Outside of Ricky Williams, Champ Bailey, and LaVar Arrington, the rest turned out to be a bunch of journeyman nobodies (at best), along with a certifiable 1st round draft bust in Cade McNown. And what did all this player movement result in for the teams involved? Let's take a look at the records of these teams from 2000-2005 which encompasses the Haslett era after Tom Benson cleaned house of the Ditka regime following the 1999 season.
W-L Team 61-35 Broncos 45-51 Saints 45-51 Bears 44-52 Redskins
It was the Saints, Redskins, and Bears who were actually trying to change their fortunes by moving all these picks while the Broncos just kinda got in on the end of this melee by moving a couple late round picks. Of the three teams who were swinging for the fences, the Saints and Bears are on top with the Redskins bringing up the rear. It should be noted that the Saints were actually a winning team at 42-38 during this period, and leading the three teams, up until the 3-13 Katrina season of 2005 (CHI and WAS been both 34-46).
I mention this because there has been speculation that the Saints were setback, crippled, or ruined for years because of this trade. In reality, the Saints who were 15-33 for three seasons under Ditka, became winners over the next 4 seasons at 42-38 including the first ever playoff victory in franchise history, and it wasn't until the awful circumstances of 2005 that the team finally dropped under .500.
That quick recovery was due to Tom Benson finally taking back his franchise from 3 years of darkness and bringing in some "football" people to run the team, starting with new G.M. Randy Mueller. It was his initial drafts and free agent acquisitions which raised the sunken ship from the depths of the Ditka Triangle.
It was Mueller who drafted Deuce McAllister and traded Ricky Williams to the Dolphins for what became two 1st round picks (one was originally a conditional pick) and a 3rd rounder. The Saints turned those picks into Charles Grant and Keyuo Craver, and then later, after Mueller was no longer Saints GM, the infamous Jonathan Sullivan pick.
And as for Ricky Himself? Whatever became of him? I mean outside of all the Ganja. Well, there seems to be this false narrative which pops up occasionally on CSC and other places on the interwebbies that Ricky was a bust. Even those who will admit to him having a "decent" career in the NFL (I'll get to that in a bit), some will still claim that Ricky didn't do much with the Saints.
Huh? Let's square this before I let y'all go.
Aside from being #7 on the Saints all-time rushing list after having played only three seasons with the team AND everyone who's above him on that list played more seasons and more games, Ricky Williams accomplished the following in his brief time as a Saint.
Only three RBs in Saints history have 3000+ yards in their first 3 seasons with the team.
3353 George Rogers
3129 Ricky Williams
3120 Deuce McAllister
*
Only three RBs in Saints history have more than one season of 1000 rushing yards
4 Deuce McAllister
2 Ricky Williams
2 George Rogers
*
Only 3 RBs in Saints history have averaged 100 yards per game in a season
104.6 George Rogers
102.6 Deuce McAllister
100.0 Ricky Williams
*
Only two RBs in Saints history have averaged 80+ yards per game in their career
83.7 George Rogers
82.3 Ricky Williams
62.8 Deuce McAllister (in case y'all were wondering about Deuce)
*
Only two RBs in Saints history have back-to-back seasons of 1000+ rushing yards
2002-2004 Deuce McAllister
2000-2001 Ricky Williams
*
My favorite Saints RB ever is Chuck Muncie, but, a person would have to have his head WAY up their ass to not see that the three most productive RBs in Saints history are Deuce, Big George, and Ricky.
This does not include his entire NFL career in which Ricky is a member of the 10,000 yards rushing club of which there are only 28 RBs in NFL history. Or, that he's one of only 36 RBs in NFL history to have at least 5 seasons of rushing for 1000+ yards. And he's one of only 20 RBs in NFL history to rush for more than 1800 yards in one season.
And this is out of 3755 players who have suited up and played RB in the NFL.
Bust? Penn State called. They got some RBs from the 90's they'd like to sell you.
To her colleagues, she's undermining city policies. To her supporters, she's the last voice they have left.
Austin City Council Member Ellen Troxclair moved through a crowd of revelers at a Circle C Community Center Family Fun Night on a recent spring evening, shaking hands and making introductions, then went inside to take questions about an upcoming transportation bond.
Jim Schaffrath, a 20-year resident of the area, raised his hand. What could the people of southwestern Austin do to push back against its liberal city leadership, spending money worse than drunken sailors, he said, on everything except highway expansion?
“You're Joan of Arc against these idiots,” he told Troxclair.
Troxclair's red role in blue Austin's council discussions once seemed like a softer, kinder backup act to the caustic Don Zimmerman. Now, with Zimmerman and fiscally conservative Sheri Gallo both ousted from the City Council in favor of progressives in November, the trio is down to one.
And Troxclair is embracing her role as Austin's Last Conservative Standing.
HOW SHE VOTED: Look up Troxclair's voting record on key issues at VoteTracker
She's speaking up more often, driven at least partially by a sense of responsibility to voice the viewpoint of the right, she said. Meanwhile, tensions between Troxclair and her colleagues have never been higher. As Austin pushes back against threats from the Legislature and the Trump administration, some council members see her as a sort of double agent working against them.
“Erosion of a relationship”
Troxclair, a Realtor and former aide to state Rep. Jason Isaac, R-Dripping Springs, won election with the narrowest margin of the 2014 council races. Though the council is nonpartisan, the body's first district-based races allowed more geographic, ideological and racial diversity on the council. Troxclair, 32, is the second-youngest council member and had her first child, daughter Juliette, last year.
In some ways, this year positioned Troxclair to make progress on conservative causes with a different approach than the controversial, antagonistic Zimmerman. An “affordability action plan” she championed drew four co-sponsors, including Mayor Steve Adler — greater than the support some of its individual provisions received in past years.
The measure ultimately failed by one vote. Meanwhile, her relationship with other council members is getting chillier.
“The tone on council has changed since the national election, and that's made it, personally, more difficult for me,” she said. “I valued and enjoyed the personal relationships I was able to build with other council members during my first two years in office, and I'd like to continue to maintain them, but it's been more challenging.”
Other council members and their staffs privately acknowledged increasing tensions with Troxclair, but pointed to state, not national, politics as the reason. Troxclair recently testified in favor of measures in the Legislature to cap city property tax increases and to overturn Austin policies on ride-hailing services and short-term rentals.
“What really has caused any erosion of a relationship was her going to the Legislature and basically speaking to undermine city policies,” veteran political consultant David Butts said. “There has been a decline in appreciation of Ms. Troxclair amongst her council colleagues.”
Council Members Kathie Tovo, Ann Kitchen and Leslie Pool all publicly criticized Troxclair during a council workshop this month.
“I have been on the end of some losing votes on some issues I really cared about,” Tovo said. “And I responded to those by sometimes reintroducing the discussion. … What I didn't do at any point is gone down to the Legislature and ask another governing body to undo the work that we, the duly elected leaders of this community, have done.”
Troxclair defended her advocacy, then and more recently, as representing her constituents and her values.
“Local control is only valuable as a tool when it's protecting individual liberty,” she said last week.
There's much speculation about whether Troxclair will run for higher office, but she hasn't publicly said whether she aspires to a statewide role. Her council seat will come up for another election next year and, in the meantime, her fundraising is ongoing and news releases frequent.
Not the “silent no vote”
Troxclair often pushes back against her colleagues' use of generalizations like “the spirit of Austin” or “Austin values” with arguments that Austin is more ideologically diverse than it often seems at City Hall.
“I feel sometimes that maybe the other council members don't believe that there are real people giving me this feedback,” she told Schaffrath, the angry constituent at the transportation bond discussion.
In February, she clashed in a high-profile exchange with Council Member Greg Casar over giving city funds to aid immigrants. Troxclair said people concerned about immigration feel like their quality of life is threatened, drawing a fiery defense from Casar that left Troxclair in tears on the dais.
Troxclair spent the rest of the day retweeting encouragement from her supporters and, the next day, tweeted a link to her fundraising website. Now, she's tired of talking about it.
“It's not productive,” she said. “The reason I spoke up about it was because there was a constituent who emailed me and said, ‘I don't want you to be a silent no vote.'”
That role extends even to seemingly nonpartisan issues. At Thursday's council meeting, she pulled an item designating a children's lemonade sale day from the noncontroversial consent agenda in order to discuss it.
“I hope that we will have many young entrepreneurs setting up lemonade stands on Lemonade Day, but I couldn't let the opportunity go by without pointing out how silly it is that we have to have one specific day when kids are allowed to have a lemonade stand — and the reason for that is we have so many requirements and fees,” she said, listing some of them.
“It's good to hear you're supportive of this,” the mayor responded wryly. “I thought somebody was about to turn lemonade into lemons.”
When dealing with severe weather events, the type that climate change is making more common, improved infrastructure is important. But the social ties of a neighborhood – the kind of relationships that are nurtured by trips to the corner coffee shop and chats on the sidewalk – might prove equally important when it comes to saving lives.
In a New Yorker article this week (behind a paywall), sociologist Eric Klinenberg looks at the impact that solid, place-based social networks can have on protecting lives in a natural disaster. He takes as his example the Chicago heat wave of July 1995, which killed 739 people. As you might expect, the mortality rates were highest in poor neighborhoods. African-American communities were particularly badly affected.
But in two adjacent neighborhoods that were demographically nearly identical – mostly black, with high concentrations of poverty and elderly residents -- Klinenberg reports the death rates were vastly different. Englewood recorded a fatality rate of 33 per 100,000 residents. Right next door, Auburn Gresham's rate was 3 per 100,000, better than many rich neighborhoods on the city's mostly white North Side. From the New Yorker piece:
The key difference between neighborhoods like Auburn Gresham and others that are demographically similar turned out to be the sidewalks, stores, restaurants, and community organizations that bring people into contact with friends and neighbors. The people of Englewood were vulnerable not just because they were black and poor but also because their community had been abandoned. Between 1960 and 1990, Englewood lost fifty per cent of its residents and most of its commercial outlets, as well as its social cohesion….Auburn Gresham, by contrast, experienced no population loss in that period. In 1995, residents walked to diners and grocery stores. They knew their neighbors. They participated in block clubs and church groups…. [D]uring the severe heat waves that are likely to hit Chicago and other cities in the near future, living in a neighborhood like Auburn Gresham is the rough equivalent of having a working air-conditioner in each room.
After Superstorm Sandy, neighborhood networks like the ones that Klinenberg references in his piece were activated quickly around the five boroughs. Community-based groups such as Red Hook Initiative in Brooklyn (where I volunteered after the storm), which already had deep roots in the area, were able to call on existing relationships and get help where it was needed, even as government and national relief organizations were falling short.
How do you know whether your application is running properly with minimal errors after building and deploying it? The fastest and easiest way to monitor your operational Flask web application is to integrate one of the many available fantastic hosted monitoring tools.
In this post we will quickly add Rollbar monitoring to catch errors and visualize our application is running properly. There are also many other great hosted monitoring tools, which you can check out on the monitoring page.
Our Tools
We can use either Python 2 or 3 to build this tutorial, but Python 3 is strongly recommended for all new applications. I used Python 3.6.2 to execute my code. We will also use the following application dependencies throughout the post:
Flask web framework, version 0.12.2
pyrollbar monitoring instrumentation library, version 0.13.12
blinker for signaling support in Flask applications so pyrollbar can report on all errors
A free Rollbar account where we will send error data and view it when it is captured
pip and the virtualenv virtual environment library, which come packaged with Python 3, to install and isolate the Flask and Rollbar libraries from other Python projects you are working on
If you need help getting your development environment configured before running this code, take a look at this guide for setting up Python 3 and Flask on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS.
All code in this blog post is available open source under the MIT license on GitHub under the monitor-flask-apps directory of the blog-code-examples repository. Use and abuse the source code as you desire for your own applications.
Installing Dependencies
Change into the directory where you keep your Python virtualenvs. Create a new virtual environment for this project using the following command.
python3 -m venv monitorflask
Activate the virtualenv.
source monitorflask/bin/activate
The command prompt will change after activating the virtualenv:
Remember that you need to activate the virtualenv in every new terminal window where you want to use the virtualenv to run the project.
Flask, Rollbar and Blinker can now be installed into the now-activated virtualenv.
pip install flask==0.12.2 rollbar==0.13.12 blinker==1.4
Our required dependencies should be installed within our virtualenv after a short installation period. Look for output like the following to confirm everything worked.
Installing collected packages: blinker, itsdangerous, click, MarkupSafe, Jinja2, Werkzeug, Flask, idna, urllib3, chardet, certifi, requests, six, rollbar Running setup.py install for blinker ... done Running setup.py install for itsdangerous ... done Running setup.py install for MarkupSafe ... done Running setup.py install for rollbar ... done Successfully installed Flask-0.12.2 Jinja2-2.9.6 MarkupSafe-1.0 Werkzeug-0.12.2 blinker-1.4 certifi-2017.4.17 chardet-3.0.4 click-6.7 idna-2.5 itsdangerous-0.24 requests-2.18.1 rollbar-0.13.12 six-1.10.0 urllib3-1.21.1
Now that we have our Python dependencies installed into our virtualenv we can create the initial version of our application.
Building Our Flask App
Create a folder for your project named monitor-flask-apps . Change into the folder and then create a file named app.py with the following code.
import re from flask import Flask , render_template , Response from werkzeug.exceptions import NotFound app = Flask ( __name__ ) MIN_PAGE_NAME_LENGTH = 2 @app.route ( "/<string:page>/" ) def show_page ( page ): try : valid_length = len ( page ) >= MIN_PAGE_NAME_LENGTH valid_name = re . match ( '^[a-z]+$' , page . lower ()) is not None if valid_length and valid_name : return render_template ( "{}.html" . format ( page )) else : msg = "Sorry, couldn't find page with name {}" . format ( page ) raise NotFound ( msg ) except : return Response ( "404 Not Found" ) if __name__ == "__main__" : app . run ( debug = True )
The above application code has some standard Flask imports so we can create a Flask web app and render template files. We have a single function named show_page to serve a single Flask route. show_page checks if the URL path contains only lowercase alpha characters for a potential page name. If the page name can be found in the templates folder then the page is rendered, otherwise an exception is thrown that the page could not be found. We need to create at least one template file if our function is ever going to return a non-error reponse.
Save app.py and make a new subdirectory named templates under your project directory. Create a new file named battlegrounds.html and put the following Jinja2 template markup into it.
<!DOCTYPE html> < html > < head > < title > You found the Battlegrounds GIF! </ title > </ head > < body > < h1 > PUBG so good. </ h1 > < img src = "https://media.giphy.com/media/3ohzdLMlhId2rJuLUQ/giphy.gif" > </ body > </ html >
The above Jinja2 template is basic HTML without any embedded template tags. The template creates a very plain page with a header description of "PUBG so good" and a GIF from this excellent computer game.
Time to run and test our code. Change into the base directory of your project where app.py file is located. Execute app.py using the python command as follows (make sure your virtualenv is still activated in the terminal where you are running this command):
python app.py
The Flask development server should start up and display a few lines of output.
What happens when we access the application running on localhost port 5000?
HTTP status 404 pages not found, which is what we expected because we only defined a single route and it did not live at the base path.
We created a template named battlegrounds.html that should be accessible when we go to localhost:5000/battlegrounds/.
The application successfully found the battlegrounds.html template but that is the only one available. What if we try localhost:5000/fullstackpython/?
HTTP 500 error. That's no good.
The 404 and 500 errors are obvious to us right now because we are testing the application locally. However, what happens when the app is deployed and a user gets the error in their own web browser? They will typically quit out of frustration and you will never know what happened unless you add some error tracking and application monitoring.
We will now modify our code to add Rollbar to catch and report those errors that occur for our users.
Handling Errors
Head to Rollbar's homepage so we can add their hosted monitoring tools to our oft-erroring Flask app.
Click the "Sign Up" button in the upper right-hand corner. Enter your email address, a username and the password you want on the sign up page.
After the sign up page you will see the onboarding flow where you can enter a project name and select a programming language. For project name enter "Battlegrounds" and select that you are monitoring a Python app.
Press the "Continue" button at the bottom to move along. The next screen shows us a few quick instructions to add monitoring to our Flask application.
Let's modify our Flask application to test whether we can properly connect to Rollbar's service. Change app.py to include the following highlighted lines.
Torg Eternity Preview #13 – Fighting the High Lords
We've talked previously about how reality works in the world of Torg Eternity, but how does the invasion itself progress, and how do the Storm Knights fight back? Some of the details are different from Original Torg, largely in order to replicate the fiction within the rules.
Invasion
An invading reality is bound by a network of stelae, whose appearance varies according to the nature of that reality. Stelae form triangular zones with sides no longer than 500 km (or about 300 miles). Each stela can only connect with six others. This network of stelae holds the invaded reality at bay and intercepts Possibility Energy that the invaded reality sends to its denizens trapped in enemy territory.
The High Lord starts the invasion by dropping a maelstrom bridge, connecting his reality to Core Earth. When the maelstrom bridge lands, it sends an ‘axiom wash' out to the stelae boundary, and this transforms the land and about a third of the local population. The zone containing the maelstrom bridge starts as a Dominant Zone but quickly becomes a Pure Zone. Outlying zones start as Mixed, but during the initial invasion, the High Lord may choose to flip zones to Dominant by expending Possibility Energy.
The transformation of the land is rapid. Non-living objects transform in less than a day in a Pure Zone, and a week in a Dominant Zone. Living creatures take much longer (at the same rate as in Original Torg).
Expansion
The invading High Lord expands his territory by activating new stelae. Each new zone starts off as Mixed. Sometimes these zones are left to flip to Dominant naturally over a 3-6 month period. Often, the High Lord sends in an amount of denziens of his reality (this number is left undefined but is in the thousands). Once the critical amount is reached, the High Lord can use his Darkness Device to flip the zone to Dominant, which results in an axiom wash much like an initial invasion.
Ripping Stelae
Storm Knights are critical to defeating the High Lords, not only by interfering with their plans but by actually destroying stelae and taking back territory. They achieve this by performing incredible feats of heroism, represented by playing a Glory card. This Destiny card can only be played when someone takes an action and rolls a result of 60 or higher, and when played, the Storm Knights gain the following benefits:
The transformed Ords in the zone are refilled with Possibility Energy. Without this effect, removing the stelae will eventually transform the Ords again, but they would simply poof out of existence.
Each Storm Knight gains 3 Possibilities.
The players draw a Destiny card and their hands are increased in size by one until the end of the next Act.
Once a Glory result has been achieved stelae can be ripped up (once they're found) via a Dramatic Skill Resolution task. However, they must be quick about it! The Darkness Device will detect the assault and send reinforcements via dimthread. Once the stelae is destroyed, the zone collapses and Core Earth's reality returns. An axiom wash does not occur with this transition, though the reality storms that form can still transform those caught within them.
Although Torg Eternity doesn't focus strongly on actually ripping up the stelae, we do provide some support in case your players want to emphasize that aspect. One example is the Storyteller Perk, which Core Earth Storm Knights can select. By telling stories about the events that led to the Glory result, the storyteller can get a pool of one to three Possibilities that anyone who heard the story can use, even if they're Ords!
Eternity Shards
Eternity Shards are the ‘artifacts' of Torg Eternity—items infused with the Possibilities of reality itself. Each Eternity Shard belongs to a particular cosm and represents the stories, legends, hopes, and dreams of the denizens of that cosm. All Eternity Shards have a blue/red color scheme somewhere within them no matter the material of which they're made. Eternity Shards store Possibilities that Storm Knights can tap, but only for the Shard's purpose.
These are particularly powerful items. High Lords want to drain them, the Delphi Council wants to acquire them. Storm Knight groups are not intended to amass a collection of them. The Delphi Council will send Storm Knights out on missions to acquire Eternity Shards and ‘requests' that Storm Knights surrender those that they come across. However, the Delphi Council will also grant the temporary use of Eternity Shards for important missions, even if the Storm Knights didn't acquire the Eternity Shard themselves
Here's an example of an Eternity Shard from Tharkold:
Do You Want to Know More?
We've only lightly touched the ways that Storm Knights will take the fight against the High Lords. If you have any questions, just head on over to our forums and ask away.
The proposed 2017-19 general operating budget will be available Friday morning online, with comparisons to early proposals, at fiscal.wa.gov. Information about the changes to public school spending and property tax levies is available at leap.leg.wa.gov.
To follow The Spokesman-Review's coverage of the budget as it moves through the Legislature Friday, click here.
OLYMPIA – Washington would spend a record amount on government programs and salaries in the next two years, in part to pay for a generational change in public education, under a budget deal expected to pass the Legislature sometime Friday.
To increase the state's share of public schools funding and cover a wide range of other state programs, it would add to current revenue with a major shift in property taxes, collect sales tax on internet sales and make several other tax changes totaling about $7 billion over four years.
The budget would spend more than $43.3 billion over two years – the exact amount was still being calculated Thursday evening – with full details of it and the school changes listed online about 7 p.m. But legislators who helped negotiate the many compromises over the two-year spending plan and the education revisions briefed reporters on some of the aspects Thursday afternoon.
“It is a budget that really strongly supports Democratic values, funded by a Republican revenue plan,” Sen. Kevin Ranker, D-Orcas Island, said.
Compromise was necessary, several lawmakers said, to reach an agreement on what's being described as a generational change in the state's public school system. That change, designed to meet a Washington Supreme Court mandate, calls for increased salaries for teachers and other school staff, starting at $40,000 a year, with regional adjustments to recognize different living costs around the state.
The state would pay for all salaries connected to “basic education”; districts would pay for salaries that cover supplemental activities, which will be listed in state law.
The number of pupils in junior high and high school classes would go down, more money would be spent on schools in high poverty areas, on special education and on programs for the highly capable.
Sen. Andy Billig, D-Spokane, a member of the group that negotiated the education changes, predicted the bill, if it passes, will meet the Washington Supreme Court mandate to improve schools. It was driven by a desire on all sides to help all students in the state reach their highest potential, he said.
“In 20 years, people will look back and say we closed the opportunity gap,” Billig said.
A key element of the education plan is a major shift in the property tax levy system. It would increase the state levy to $2.70 per every $1,000 of assessed value, up from $1.88. At the same time, it would limit the amount a local school district can levy to $1.50 per $1,000 of property values.
When the two are combined on a property owner's tax statement, some will see decreases and others increases. That's because school district levies vary widely across the state, with some poor rural districts levying several times that $1.50 limit and some fast-growing urban areas levying much less.
Details of the shifts for each of the state's 295 school districts were still being checked Thursday night. Preliminary figures showed Spokane Public Schools would see an increase of about 12 percent in spending per student, above adjustments for inflation, over four years. The district's taxpayers would see a slight decrease in their property taxes, of about 50 cents per $1,000 in 2019, dropping to about 30 cents per $1,000 in 2021.
Taxpayers in Seattle, Bellevue, Bellingham and some other Puget Sound districts would see property tax increases. So would some small districts that currently do not collect a local school levy because their state levy would go up and there would be no offsetting local decrease.
Members of both parties praised the compromise over school policy even though some said they believed there were better ways to pay for it.
Republicans described the changes as a way to even out property taxes across the state, while bringing more equality to what the state contributes for each public school student.
Sen. Ann Rivers, R-Vancouver, another member of the education task force, said it will solve problems that have been “festering” for 30 years.
“No longer will a child's education be determined by their ZIP code,” Rivers said.
Some Democrats criticized the property tax as more regressive than other options that had been considered.
“There are some winners and some losers with the property tax,” Ranker said. Overall, Democrats were willing to compromise because the budget has programs they support, although some members of both parties in the House and Senate are likely to vote against the budget when it comes to the floor Friday.
“I am confident we have the votes to pass it,” he said.
The state would also try to collect sales tax from internet vendors located out of state for items purchased by Washington residents. Bottled water sold in Washington stores would be subject to the sales tax; right now it's exempt as a food item.
The business and occupation tax for manufacturers would be reduced over four years. The tax incentives for motion pictures and other films made in Washington would be extended for an extra 10 years.
Friday is the last day of the fiscal year and the day when a budget must be passed and signed to prevent a partial shutdown of state government services and temporary layoff of about 32,000 employees.
To accomplish that, legislators will have to cut it closer than ever before. Two years ago, when Gov. Jay Inslee signed the 2015-17 operating budget just 20 minutes before midnight on June 30, the Legislature had approved the spending plan on June 29, giving his staff time to review the massive document while lawmakers worked on passing policies the budget contained.
Although budget negotiators have been working off and on for months, most lawmakers got their first briefing at 10 a.m. Thursday on a deal that was announced Wednesday morning.
When Gavin Verhey was eleven, he dreamt of a job making Magic cards—and now as a Magic designer, he's living his dream! Gavin has been writing about Magic since 2005.
When we say a world has gone mad, we mean it.
Innistrad has gone mad in basically every sense possible. Flights of blood-tinged Angels litter the skies, tearing apart those they once protected. Comrades who once fought arm in arm are now tearing each other's arms apart. Even the pathway of Clues has created a trail that may indeed lead directly to insanity.
Simply put, it's a rough time to live on Innistrad.
Art by Tyler Jacobson
But what about mechanically? What does that all mean here?
Well, there was a clear fit: madness, of course!
By now, you've certainly seen some madness cards. (And if you haven't, definitely hop over to the Card Image Gallery and check them out!) But today, I have a brand new one for you that's part of a semi-cycle—and it's quite a doozy.
My favorite madness cards in the set are the ones that link in so well with the madness of Innistrad. After all, as any math professor can tell you, madness plus madness equals double madness!
But enough preamble. Let's get to the card! Prepare to face Avacyn's Judgment!
Okay, so let's absorb this craziness for a moment.
On its surface, the card is a two-mana Forked Bolt. And considering that Forked Bolt has seen play all the way back to Legacy, that's a pretty good starting point.
Oh, but wait. There's so, so much more.
Avacyn's Judgment is a member of a three-card cycle of rares in Shadows over Innistrad. (They appear in the madness colors: red, blue, and black.) The way these all work is they do a cool thing at a locked-in number for their mana cost. But if you manage to discard one, you can turn it into an X spell!
So, an early-game Forked Bolt becomes a late-game better Rolling Thunder. And all while you're probably discarding the card to something else!
Yeah, I'll play that.
This card can be great both offensively and defensively.
In an aggressive deck, it's a cheap removal spell with tremendous upside. You can use it to win the midgame and clear your opponent's board to attack through—or just send it straight to their face for the kill.
In a controlling deck, you can use this as a flexible removal spell early on and then as a way to clear the board later on. Many red control decks have traditionally won by a little bit of incremental damage and then burn to the face, and this card is primed to do just that.
So, how about we take a look at both of those for Standard today?
First up, the aggressive take!
Vampiric Judgment
In the first Innistrad, each of the five main tribes had a theme. Shadows over Innistrad is no different. And while the Vampires are still aggressive, attacking Vampires, this time around many of them have a new tool at their disposal: madness!
The set has plenty of built-in ways for Vampire decks to beneficially pitch their own cards away. And when you're enabling madness on top of that, you're making both cards stronger!
Let's take a gander at what you might expect a Madness Vampire deck to look like in upcoming Standard:
This deck boasts an aggressive curve, with either Heir of Falkenrath or Ravenous Bloodseeker setting you up for madness early on. You have access to the ever-potent curve of Heir or Bloodseeker into Incorrigible Youths, which amounts to a ton of damage quickly. (Prepare to face that down plenty this Standard season!)
Judgment plays a great role here. It not only is a removal spell, but clears out pesky cheap blockers that could otherwise trade off with your Vampires. Many Vampires feature higher power than toughness, and you definitely don't want to trade down with tokens or paltry 2/1s.
And then late game...boom!
You see, the great thing about both Heir and Bloodseeker is that their abilities don't require any mana to use—meaning that when it's time for Avacyn's Judgment to rain down from above, all of your mana will be nice and untapped to sink into that X cost!
Even if you flood out a little bit, it's okay: Judgment can easily crack your opponent's dome for good 5-plus damage out of nowhere. Keep in mind that you can even cast it at instant speed if you have an enabler lying around.
A Vampire deck wants to feature mostly creatures—so a flexible removal spell that can also kill off your opponent is just what it's looking for.
And this is just a starting point. There are still a few juicy Vampires cards you don't know about yet. Keep your eyes peeled (but not in the way Innistrad can literally keep people's eyes peeled) for those as preview season continues!
Now, how about the other end of the spectrum: control!
Maddening to Play Against
On the surface, playing a control deck with a lot of madness might seem like an odd fit. After all, traditionally control wants to draw a lot of cards and answer its opponent's threats. So unless your plan is to draw a ton of cards and discard for madness in the end step, what exactly are you doing to discard cards?
Well, there are a surprising number of good options here. First and foremost, you might be familiar with this little guy:
Transform
Love him or hate him, Jace is already a control staple and is here to stay for a few more months. And with madness around, he makes for an excellent enabler.
An important aside: one note about Jace and madness is that if your madness card would be the fifth card you discard to transform Jace, if you madness that card then Jace doesn't transform. (Madness replaces the normal process of a card going into the graveyard.) That may work for or against you this Standard season, but it's good to know.
But even past Jace, there are some solid options. The brand new Pore Over the Pages is an excellent choice here.
Pore draws you three cards and then makes you discard a single one—and if that cards happens to have madness, that's the perfect outcome. You're using one card to draw you more cards and enable madness for you!
On top of that, there are a number of other cards that pick up stock in a world with madness. Tormenting Voice was on the borderline many times, but madness might finally nudge it over into some main decks. Oath of Jace is another draw spell that "forces" you to discard cards. Chandra, Flamecaller can both find you the cards you need and turn on your madness cards at the same time. There are a lot of different options circling the same core strategy right now.
Check out one attempt at this strategy:
This deck controls the board and slowly chips away at whatever your opponent can do while simultaneously working toward creating a board state, almost out of nowhere, that will start to kill them.
Thing in the Ice is an excellent example of this. You can lay it down on the second turn and let it sit there mostly ignored by your opponent. And then, before you know it, a few spells have been cast—and suddenly your opponent gets attacked for a bunch of damage. From there, suddenly they're on the back foot, as a slew of burn spells to the face could end the game over a couple turns.
Instead of using counterspells, this is more of an offensive "tap-out" style control deck. You'll be doing a lot on your turn—and what you do will certainly be powerful.
It's a Mad, Mad World
Innistrad's madness can be frightening—so if you embrace it yourself, it will soon be your opponents who will have the fear of madness instilled in them.
These are two takes on madness, but there are plenty more just waiting to be discovered. What kind of control deck might blue-black or even blue-black-red madness look like? What happens when you merge these cards with some of the efficient discard outlets in formats like Standard or Legacy?
I'll leave those as questions for you to explore yourself as you tread down the many mad pathways of Shadows over Innistrad.
If you have any thoughts or questions about anything in this article, I'd love to hear from you! You can always reach me by sending me a tweet or asking me a question on my Tumblr and I'll check out whatever you have to say.
Have fun building decks in a brand-new Standard format, and I'll talk with you again soon!
Gavin
@GavinVerhey
GavInsight
Eight fucking years. Eight fucking years have gone by since I was wounded in Iraq. That's a pretty long time by most accounts. Long enough to get over it by some. Why am I still sitting out here on my balcony drinking and working through it? I don't wanna be this guy. I really don't. I wanna be the guy I was before I went to Iraq. Sure, he had some problems. He had some anger issues. He had problems relating to his parents and his girlfriend and some of his peers like we all do. What he didn't have was memories of picking his friend's fingers up off the ground on a nameless and forgotten dirt road in Iraq. He didn't have crushing guilt over the fact that that he survived an explosion that killed two close friends he was responsible for. What I wouldn't give to be that guy again.
I say that because it's easy to. It's easy to think that if I could go back to the person I was before that I'd be happy now, but is it really true? Do I really want to go back to the person I was before I ever knew what it was like to really feel alive? I've read other vet's stories and it seems that a common theme is guilt over the initial overwhelming experience of being relieved that it wasn't you. I definitely experienced this in the moments after the explosion, well… that particular explosion, and I've definitely felt guilty about it for a long time.
One thing I'll never forget is this little ritual I had every time we got ready to roll out. After loading the 240 and cocking it, I would have to get myself psyched up and would hyperventilate and clap my gloved hands together and sometimes smack the side of my helmet to wake myself up. It reminded me of the movie “Gladiator” when Russell Crowe would bend down and grab a handful of dirt and rub his hands together before a battle. Maybe it was just to distract myself from the fact that I was terrified, but I clearly remember leaving each day with a big smile on my face and thinking “I can't believe this is my life. This is my REAL life and not some fucking movie or video game.” It was exhilarating. I remember the sickening feeling of coming back from a patrol and seeing burning humvees on the back of a trailer entering the gate and being glad that it wasn't me. I tell you, it was gold. I don't miss being scared, but I do miss feeling alive.
I remember sitting in my trailer with my roommate at the time, who was also my team leader, in the hours after one of our friends was killed. This wasn't the explosion that wounded me which I referenced earlier. This was another incident that had happened months prior, and is probably a much worse memory for me than that one, being without the benefit of shock and morphine. That particular memory is crystal and painfully clear. My roommate, he was there for every horrific minute of it, and I know he deals with it to this day. In total it had been a seven or eight hour ordeal, ending with a debriefing in the TOC during which I looked absently down at the blood on my hands and uniform and only faintly heard the voices of those speaking. I was numb. Afterwards, we just sat there in the trailer looking at each other. Neither one of us knew what to say. It was a pretty confined space, with a few coolers between our beds adorned with laptops, empty pepsi cans and bullets strewn around, a miniature Christmas tree sitting atop an extra rocket launcher. We just sat there in silence for quite a long time. I don't know how long. It may have been hours. It may have been twenty minutes. It was strange, because we were very close and talked about everything before. Somehow, neither one of us could muster up the courage to break the silence, as if to do so would somehow make it all real. After all, what was there to say, other than “Well, THAT just happened…” After a long silence, he started doodling on a piece of paper. After watching him curiously for a number of minutes, he slowly slid the paper over the cooler to me. It was a stick figure drawing of a humvee with our bumper number, HQ 14, clearly displayed, with the gunner (me) on fire. We looked at each other in silence for a moment before laughing hysterically. This was real, gut wrenching laughter, and I'm grateful to him for it to this day. It was the release that we both needed. I honestly can't think of any other way we could have broached the subject. I'm sure there must be one, but I'm glad that he did what he did. We've talked about it a few times in the years since, usually only when we're both almost too drunk to speak, but I'll never forget that moment.
They say it's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all. I think the same could be said about being more afraid than you ever thought possible and still being here to tell the story. If I could go back and do it all again, would I? I guess if I knew how things were gonna turn out, sure, but that would take all the fun out of it. I don't think it would be as profound of an experience the second time around if I knew I was gonna come out on top.
If I admit this to myself, I'll be forced to take responsibility for it and stop blaming this experience for all my problems, and that thought might be the scariest thing of all.
The Alliance Defense Fund is attempting to dissuade a New Hampshire court from ordering a 10-year old girl from homeschooling into a public school.
The parents of the girl are divorced, and as often happens in such cases, this family division has resulted in government meddling in the family.
The mother Brenda Kurowski Voydatch seems to be a Christian who is instructing her daughter Amanda in her faith, as good parents should. The father Martin Kurowski, however, seems ambivalent at best toward the Christian faith, and also seems unwilling to participate in Amanda's homeschooling when he has custody of her.
The disagreement has led to the court getting involved, and Judge Lucinda V. Sadler has ordered Amanda to attend public school full time.
The judge's opinion makes it clear on Page 7 that academic performance is not an issue: “it is clear that the homeschooling Ms. Voydatch has provided has more than kept up with the academic requirements of the Meredith public school system.”
It goes on, on the same page, to make it clear that the agenda is not the student Amanda's education, but her “socialization.” Apparently our education system has the dual role of social engineering: in the minds of elitists like this judge, one must have their heads properly filled with socialist mush before the job of educating a child can be considered complete.
It does not matter that this child already takes some classes–including theater–at the local public school, providing her more than adequate social interaction with others, nor apparently does her interaction with her parents matter. In the eyes of government elitists, a child must be fully immersed in the moral cesspool of the public education system to meet their satisfaction.
This, of course, ignores the fact that throughout the course of human history, many children have grown up in far greater isolation outside urban areas. Indeed, conditions during the colonial and Revolutionary era of America involved immeasurably greater levels of isolation, and yet these children managed to grow up to be far better educated, responsible, morally grounded and adjusted than the modern generation. The same was true for many years after the founding era, as families took off across the plains and deserts of middle America to settle and develop this continent.
Again, none of this matters.
Incredibly, these government elitists find fault with this student Amanda because she is apparently too mature; she isn't acting in the immature fashion they find more comfortable (for themselves or for her?).
The girl “lacked some youthful characteristics”? Which ones? I can only conclude from the context of this document that the “proper youthful characteristics” should involve sheep-like behavior, pliability, conformity to state indoctrination, moral ambiguity, uncertainty, ignorance, and philosophical rudderlessness.
She is apparently expected to enter a public indoctrination, er, public education center where she “must begin to critically evaluate multiple systems of belief and behavior and cooperation in order to select, as a young adult, which of those systems will best suit her own needs.”
Obviously it has never occurred to these secularist elitists that she may be light-years ahead of them in this process. Perhaps she has already evaluated systems of belief and found the Christian worldview to be both reliable and “suitable to her own needs.” If you find the right answer, are you obligated to continue exploring other possible answers? If you find that “4” is right for the question “2+2=?”, are you obligated to continue on and explore whether “5” might be right, or perhaps “8” or maybe even “37”? Obviously if you try “839” for the answer and find that it doesn't work, you need to continue searching, but if “4” works, what sane person goes on to explore all the wrong answers?
More likely, these elitist statists consider her acceptance of Christianity to be unsuitable to their needs–their need for moral ambiguity to excuse immoral behaviors.
As the ADF brief says,
In other words, the evidence shows that socially and academically, Amanda is doing great, but her religious beliefs are a bit too sincerely held and must be sifted, tested by, and mixed among other worldviews. This is a step too far any court to take.
This is a good example of the brazen arrogance of these statists. They hold anything other than their own moral ambiguity in deep contempt. Someone who is sure of their beliefs and certain of what is right is a threat to them…so they do all they can to undermine that certainty.
It is also interesting that this document chides the girl Amanda for not engaging in “some element of independent thinking.” She is engaging in independent thinking, and her refusal to bow to their secularist indoctrination is proof. But she is not engaging in their version of “independent thinking.” Which brings us to the next irony of this morally bereft judge.
The next passage says Amanda lacks “tolerance for different points of view.” Where, I wonder, is their tolerance for her point of view? Apparently it is AWOL. But Amanda's point of view doesn't really matter to them, does it? What matters is that she accept their morally adrift practice of “tolerance” of any fool idea that comes along.
My children are homeschooled, and are academically years ahead of their public school peers. With regard to socialization, they do not exist in a vacuum; we do not keep them in a closet between lessons as this anti-homeschooling establishment seems to believe. My children (as do most homeschooled children) interact with their family, children in the neighborhood, children and adults at church, and in many other settings. For instance, my daughter was involved in Girl Scouts from the age of five on, and she has been taking Ju-Jitsu lessons for about three years now. There is no lack of “socialization” for most homeschooled children…but there is probably a lack of exposure to the moral rot of the public education system; perhaps this is what elitists like Judge Sadler find so offensive.
I did not go to headstart/kindergarten like most of my public school peers, and when I joined them in the first grade, I was at least a year or two ahead of them academically; my parents were not “homeschoolers” (that term was barely known if at all back then) but they and my grandparents began teaching me at age 3 to read, count and such. What's more, I quickly learned most of my bad habits and behaviors once I started public school. And with the moral degradation I experienced in a country school 30 years or more ago, I shudder to think what my children would be exposed to in a medium-sized urban school of today.
The ADF brief cites the findings of Dr. Robert Epstein, a prominent psychologist, which reinforces not only my moral indictment of the public education system environment, but the difference in quality and outcome between a homeschooling environment and the public education one:
In pre-industrial cultures, where teens spent most of their time with adults, the majority of these societies didn't even develop a word for adolescence, and most young males in these cultures did not display anti-social behavior. Studies show that, beginning in the 1980s, delinquency increased in non-western countries when western-style schooling, television, and movies were introduced.
No, this decision is not based on anything legitimate or substantive. It is not based on the academic or even social and developmental interests of Amanda. It is instead based on a sinister and corrosive agenda.
This court opinion drips with anti-religious and anti-parenting contempt. The level of its audacity is alarming in the extreme. This type of hostility to the values that fostered a great civilization, and the eagerness to meddle with a parent's moral upbringing of a child is something that cannot be allowed to stand unchallenged. If allowed to stand, this could set a precedent for government interference in family matters never before seen in this country.
In the free America our founders set up, we do not have a government that tells its citizens what to think or what to think about, nor one that dictates the moral instruction a parent provides to their child. This decision violates everything America is about, on a core and fundamental level.
The Padres have hired former All-Star closer Takashi Saito as a front-office intern, providing a unique opportunity for a prominent Japanese figure while expanding the club's reach across the Pacific Ocean.
Saito, 45, will spend one year interning in the Padres' baseball operations department, learning about everything from scouting to player development to analytics.
“It's a win-win,” said Logan White, the Padres' director of player personnel and senior advisor to General Manager A.J. Preller. “Hopefully, he will take what he learns wherever he wants to go and broaden his horizons.
“Even though we know about and love Japan, I think Takashi brings something to San Diego that is above and beyond, helping us understand the culture and building the network. We want to constantly improve the Padre brand in Asia, particularly in Japan.”
White and Acey Kohrogi, the Padres' advisor for Pacific Rim operations, played significant roles in Saito's original move to the U.S. Before the 2006 season, White and Kohrogi were both working in the Dodgers' front office when Kohrogi showed White video of a veteran right-hander pitching in Japan.
The Dodgers soon signed Saito to a $500,000 minor league contract. The 36-year-old inherited the closer role that May and, in his first season stateside, finished eighth in the National League Cy Young Award voting.
An All-Star in 2007, Saito followed a three-year run in Los Angeles with stints in Boston, Atlanta, Milwaukee and Arizona. Over seven major league seasons, he recorded a 2.34 ERA and 84 saves. In 2013, Saito returned to pitching in Japan, for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles.
Earlier this year, Saito drove about seven hours to Tokyo's Haneda Airport to meet with White, who was on a scouting trip. Saito thanked the executive for what he had done for his career. Then he informed White he would retire at the end of the season.
White asked Saito what he wanted to do next. Months later, the answer is clear.
“He just wants to learn more,” said White, who pointed out that Saito might be the first Japanese-born player to intern in a major league front office. “He wants to learn about the American game from a front-office perspective and see how that helps him in the future.
“He's a great person with great intelligence. With his personality, I think he has a lot of ingredients to be great at whatever he wants to do.”
The Padres are scouting players at the Premier 12, the international baseball tournament organized by the World Baseball Softball Confederation. South Korea and Japan will meet in the semifinals in Tokyo at 2 a.m. (Pacific Time) Thursday. The U.S. will play Mexico on Friday morning.
Black expected to join Angels
Former Padres manager Bud Black is expected to join the Los Angeles Angels' front office, likely as a special assistant, according to multiple reports.
Such a hiring would mark a reunion with longtime Angels manager Mike Scioscia and Ron Roenicke, who Wednesday was announced as the Angels' third base coach, reprising the role he held from 2000-05.
Black was the Angels' pitching coach from 2000-06 before becoming Padres manager. After being fired in June, he was expected to be named Washington's next manager last month before contract negotiations with the Nationals fell apart. That position subsequently went to Dusty Baker.
Black also was a finalist for the Los Angeles Dodgers' managerial opening, but the list has been whittled down to Dodgers farm director Gabe Kapler and former Padres bench coach Dave Roberts.
Brock to be first base coach
According to sources, the Padres will promote minor league coordinator Tarrik Brock to first base coach, the same role he filled for the Houston Astros in 2014.
Brock replaces Jose Valentin, who was the Padres' first-base coach each of the last two seasons. Brock, 41, was well-regarded for his work in Houston, but he was not retained after the firing of manager Bo Porter.
Brock joined the Padres last offseason as their outfield and baserunning coordinator.
As I mentioned, I'm in St. Louis for another mini-micro tour with my friend Joe (meaning we hit a bunch of St. Louis' microbreweries over a weekend, which there have been several new ones in the last year or so. I got in late, but we had dinner and I had an Oatmeal Brown from 4 Hands. Now we're on to Perennial Artisan Ales. I stopped here very briefly over the holidays and picked up a few beers to go, including their Fresh Hop Red Saison. So, it was nice to spend some time in their tasting room and soak in the atmosphere a bit.
Location: On draft, in a large goblet glass, at Perennial Artisan Ales in St. Louis, MO.
Numbers: 6.2% ABV, ~ 200 Calories
Appearance & Aroma: It was a rusty brown color and fairly cloudy. As you can tell, it had a very thick, creamy head, which stuck around and left some nice lacing on the glass. There was an earthy and piney hop aroma, as well as a light caramel malt smell as well.
Taste & Feel: It had a medium body and the mouthfeel was fairly creamy from the thick head, with a bit of crispness and the end of each sip from the carbonation in it. There was caramel maltiness up front, with a fair amount of earthy hoppiness. The hop bitterness grew during the middle and finish, but the caramel malt backbone stayed present throughout. The finish was a bit dry with the hop bitterness.
Food Pairing: There was a good amount of caramel maltiness and earthy hop bitterness in this beer. For some reason, as I drank it, I thought it would go very nicely with a bowl of French onion soup coated in melted cheese. I think the caramel maltiness would go nicely with the soup, and the earthy hop bittereness would add a different dimension to the meal.
Overall Impression: Over the past year or so, I've really started to enjoy red IPAs more, as they bring a very healthy dose of maltiness with a good amount of hop flavor. This beer seemed to fit the bill quite nicely with both of those balanced fairly well. With such a big, creamy head, I was expecting the creaminess to continue throughout, but was a bit surprised with the light carbonation bite. Overall, it was a pretty good beer that I'd definitely try again if I get a chance to go back.
My Rating:
Reader Ratings[five-star-rating]
Wednesday, May 8, 2013
On March 26, 2013, a coalition of environmental groups petitioned the Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to initiate rulemaking to address pipeline safety and spill response risks related to the transportation of diluted bitumen (also known as “dilbit”), a substance derived from oil sands that is upgraded to form synthetic crude oil. The environmental groups' petition argued dilbit and conventional crude should be regulated differently and proposed a number of new and costly requirements for pipeline owners and operators. The proposal would create significant economic and operational burdens on new and existing pipeline companies because dilbit derived synthetic crude oil constitutes a large share of the petroleum market and production is only increasing. Further, the proposal to shut down pipelines carrying dilbit if a safety defect is discovered, even if repairs are not immediately necessary, could cause significant operational difficulties.
EPA and PHMSA have a “reasonable” amount of time to respond to the petition under the Administrative Procedures Act, so there is no definite deadline for a response.
The environmental groups proposed PHMSA and EPA do the following:
Issue new pipeline safety standards specific to dilbit, including safety requirements that are stronger than requirements for conventional crude transportation.
Require industry reporting on whether dilbit or conventional crude is being transported through particular pipelines so that emergency responders are aware of the material they are dealing with in the event of a spill. As part of this reporting, environmental groups urged PHMSA and EPA to require companies to disclose the chemical composition of their diluted bitumen, including the composition of any diluents used.
Require both agencies to work with communities to develop spill response plans and train community members to respond to potential dilbit spills.Subject spill response plans for dilbit to independent review and public comment.
Impose new requirements related to dilbit for spill detection systems and put in place rules requiring pipeline shut downs as soon as there is any indication of a leak or other pipeline failure.
Require the immediate shut down and repair of any pipelines carrying dilbit as soon as any safety defects are discovered, even if such defects would currently not require immediate shut down and repair.
Place a moratorium on any expanded transportation of diluted bitumen, through either new or existing pipelines, until the new regulations proposed are put in place.
Add additional inspection requirements and independent verification of operator reporting for pipelines transporting dilbit.
Require PHMSA consultation for the approval or review of any proposed pipeline carrying diluted bitumen.
Require rigorous pre-operation review of written integrity management programs for pipelines that may carry dilbit.
Petition of Appalachian Mountain Club, et al., Petition Before PHMSA and EPA at 4-5 (March 26, 2013) available athttp://www.documentcloud.org/documents/628610-nwf-dilbit-petition-march-2013.html.
The environmental petitioners argued these changes are necessary because they believe dilbit is more volatile and corrosive than conventional crude oil. Id. at 21. However, the Congressional Research Service (CRS), a U.S. governmental non-partisan think tank that provides policy and legal analysis to Congress, concluded in a Feb. 21, 2013 report to Congress on oil sands that “whether or not [concerns over volatility and corrosivity] warrant concern is debatable.” U.S. Congressional Research Service, 7-5700, Oil Sands and the Keystone XL Pipeline: Background and Selected Environmental Issues, 32 (2013). For example, CRS noted that a study funded and authored the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) and other environmental groups stated, the “instability of DilBit can render pipelines particularly susceptible to ruptures caused by pressure spikes.” Id. at 33. However, CRS noted the Department of State “‘contacted the author [that NRDC cited to support the above statement] . . . to address this concern and determined that it would not be valid to infer from this research that dilbits are any more or less stable than other crude oils, or that they are more likely to cause pressure spikes during transport in pipelines or otherwise pose an increased risk to pipeline safety.'” Id. (citation omitted). Regarding the potential for corrosivity, CRS noted Alberta's Energy Resources Conservation Board, the quasi-judicial agency charged with regulating Alberta's energy resources, and other stakeholders have “rejected the claims from the [NRDC's] report, stating that ‘there is no reason to expect this product to behave in any substantially different way than other oil . . . .'” Id. (citation omitted).
PHMSA is already obliged under the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Jobs Creation Act of 2011 to provide Congress with a study by July 2013 regarding whether there is any increased risk of release for pipeline facilities transporting dilbit. The National Academy of Sciences was tasked with completing the study. While the study is unlikely to resolve the debate over pipeline safety and dilbit, it is likely to become an important driver for any new regulations PHMSA and EPA may propose in this area.
Released this afternoon, the so-called Feinstein report, after long-time US Senator Dianne Feinstein who chaired the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that compiled the document, probes crimes of torture and enforced disappearance of terrorist suspects by the Bush-era CIA.
“It has taken four years since the report was finalised to reach this point,” said Ben Emmerson in a statement.
Now it is time to take action, he added. “The individuals responsible for the criminal conspiracy revealed in today's report must be brought to justice, and must face criminal penalties commensurate with the gravity of their crimes,” he said.
Identities of the perpetrators, and many other details, have been redacted in the published summary report but are known to the Select Committee and to those who provided the Committee with information on the programme.
“The fact that the policies revealed in this report were authorized at a high level within the US Government provides no excuse whatsoever. Indeed, it reinforces the need for criminal accountability,” Mr. Emmerson explained.
International law prohibits the granting of immunities to public officials who have engaged in acts of torture. This applies not only to the actual perpetrators but also to those senior officials within the US Government who devised, planned and authorised these crimes.
The US is legally obliged, by international law, to bring those responsible to justice. The UN Convention Against Torture and the UN Convention on Enforced Disappearances require States to prosecute acts of torture and enforced disappearance where there is sufficient evidence to provide a reasonable prospect of conviction.
“States are not free to maintain or permit impunity for these grave crimes,” Mr. Emmerson said.
It is no defence for a public official to claim that they were acting on superior orders. CIA officers who physically committed acts of torture therefore bear individual criminal responsibility for their conduct, and cannot hide behind the authorisation they were given by their superiors.
However, the heaviest penalties should be reserved for those most seriously implicated in the planning and purported authorisation of these crimes. Former Bush Administration officials who have admitted their involvement in the programme should also face criminal prosecution.
“President Obama made it clear more than five years ago that the US Government recognizes the use of waterboarding as torture. There is therefore no excuse for shielding the perpetrators from justice any longer. The US Attorney General is under a legal duty to bring criminal charges against those responsible,” he said.
Torture is a crime of universal jurisdiction. The perpetrators may be prosecuted by any other country they may travel to. However, the primary responsibility for bringing them to justice rests with the US Department of Justice and the Attorney General.
Independent experts or special rapporteurs are appointed by the Geneva-based Council to examine and report back on a country situation or a specific human rights theme. The positions are honorary and the experts are not UN staff, nor are they paid for their work.
Greece's parliament has been dissolved ahead of an early election that will be warily watched by markets and international creditors concerned that the austerity-weary country could start unwinding unpopular fiscal reforms.
It was parliament's failure to choose a new president in three successive votes this month that triggered the snap poll.
As its first order of business, the new chamber must elect a successor to 85-year-old Karolos Papoulias, whose five-year term ends in March
A statement from the chamber on Wednesday confirmed the election would be held on January 25, as announced on Monday by Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, and the new parliament would reconvene on February 5.
Samaras had warned on Tuesday that the financially-stricken nation may be forced out of the eurozone if the election is won by radical leftist party Syriza which has vowed to reverse years of austerity imposed in return for financial aid.
"This struggle will determine whether Greece stays in Europe," Samaras told President Papoulias.
On Wednesday, Samaras warned again that Syriza planned "not to pay interest rates, and therefore to lead the country to a payment default and bankruptcy".
His assertion followed comments by two Syriza officials alluding to a debt repayment freeze if Greece's creditors refuse to renegotiate the country's bailout deal.
"Perhaps we shall not pay. Because we will negotiate and say that this programme is not viable," Yiannis Milios, the party's economic policy head, told Antenna TV.
Recent revelations lead one to wonder not so much whether Hillary Clinton can win the Democratic nomination for president, but whether she can stay on the right side of the law.
The New York Times recently published a comprehensive report detailing how Hillary Clinton's State Department helped Russia corner America's uranium market, as well as numerous other suspicious cases of pay-for-play involving the Clintons, their foundation, and millions upon millions of dollars. The public has learned the Clinton's charitable organizations affiliated with the Clinton Foundation willfully declined to disclose thousands of foreign donations as Clinton promised they would do while she served as the country's top diplomat. Finally, Judicial Watch released documents highlighting untoward Saudi influence and corruption in Hillary's State Department.
Judicial Watch's chief investigative reporter offers more reporting about yet another Clinton front:
Then there is Teneo Holdings, a global consulting firm with deep Clinton connections. Teneo serves as a kind of private-enterprise satellite to Clinton Inc. Doug Band, Mr. Clinton's right-hand man for many years, is a Teneo founder. Huma Abedin, Mrs. Clinton's right-hand woman for many years, was a senior advisor to Teneo at the same time she held a top position as part of Mrs. Clinton's inner circle at the State Department. Bill Clinton was both a paid adviser to Teneo and a client. Secretary of State Clinton's former Economic Envoy to Northern Ireland, Declan Kelly, is a Teneo co-founder and CEO.
The Wall Street Journal has published a major story about how American banks and other corporations are complaining about the Obama Justice Department's strict interpretation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits bribes of foreign officials. A Justice Department that would ride herd on American companies engaged in alleged bribery of foreign officials has yet to move against Hillary Clinton over what is, at best, a suspicious pattern of donations followed by favorable government action. At worst, like corrupt businessmen, the Clintons have been using their influence to enrich themselves even at the expense of American interests.
Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer, whose new book has done so much to hold the Clinton machine accountable, made smart use of Judicial Watch-obtained documents in his soon-to-be released book, Clinton Cash, which describes how money was funneled through the Clinton Foundation by foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was serving as secretary of state.
Judicial Watch was central in getting the ball rolling on public exposure of this Clinton scandal:
Our dogged work forced the disclosure last year of documents that provided a road map for over 200 conflict-of-interest rulings that led to $48 million for the Clinton Foundation and other Clinton-connected entities during Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of state. Previously disclosed documents in this lawsuit, for example, raise questions about funds Clinton accepted from entities linked to Saudi Arabia, China and Iran, among others. This is the story on these documents that got the ball rolling. The headline says it all: “State Department approved 215 Bill Clinton speeches, controversial consulting deal, worth $48m; Hillary Clinton's Chief of Staff copied on all decisions.”
The Clinton email cover-up is still front and center for Judicial Watch, as there is “the dawning realization among media types that the Clinton Foundation, Teneo and the disappearing State Dept. emails really do signal that some sort of gigantic sleazy game is afoot.”
Now, Judicial Watch is pressing ahead with a new lawsuit to obtain the release of documents about Hillary Clinton's “efforts” to gain approval for use of an iPhone or iPad to conduct official business while she was secretary of state. The lawsuit came after the State Department refused to respond to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request asking for:
Any and all records of requests by former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton or her staff to the State Department Office of Security Technology seeking approval for the use of an iPad or iPhone for official government business; and
Any all communications within or between the Office of the Secretary of State, the Executive Secretariat, and the Office of the Secretary and the Office of Security Technology concerning, regarding, or related to the use of unauthorized electronic devices for official government business.
On March 2, 2015, The New York Times reported then-Sec. Clinton used at least one non-“state.gov” email account to conduct official government business during her entire tenure as the secretary of state. It also was reported that Clinton stored these records on a non-U.S. government server at her home in Chappaqua, New York.
All told, there are about 18 lawsuits, 10 of which are active in federal court, as well as about 160 Judicial Watch FOIA requests, that could be affected by Mrs. Clinton and her staff's use of secret email accounts to conduct official government business. Judicial Watch lawyers have informed attorneys for the Obama administration that Hillary Clinton's account and any other secret accounts used by State employees should be secured, recovered, and searched. So far, Judicial Watch has filed more than 20 requests about the Clinton email scandal. This new lawsuit seeking iPhone and iPad documents is the first of several Judicial Watch plans to file over the next few weeks, as the State Department and other recalcitrant Obama agencies fail to comply with the federal transparency law.
Judicial Watch is pursuing information first reported in March:
Besides exclusively using a secret email account to conduct official government business, it's likely that Hillary Clinton also used unauthorized electronic equipment—an iPad and an iPhone—as Secretary of State after being warned not to, a veteran State Department official told Judicial Watch this week.
On at least half a dozen occasions Clinton's top aides asked the State Department's Office of Security Technology to approve the use of an iPad and iPhone, according to JW's inside source. Each time the request was rejected for security reasons, the source confirms. The only mobile device that meets the agency's security standards is the BlackBerry, JW's source said, adding that the Office of Security Technology—Bureau of Diplomatic Security's Directorate of Countermeasures must approve all equipment such as cameras, phones and communication devices for all officials.
Evidently set on using the popular Apple devices, Clinton repeatedly challenged the ban and asked management in the Office of Security Technology to allow their use. The executive secretariat responsible for all communications and information technology always rejected the requests, JW's source affirms. “From day one Hillary was trying to get the iPhone and the iPad approved,” the State Department official told JW. “She kept trying and trying to get us to approve the iPhone and the iPad, but we wouldn't do it. Technology security experts tested the iPhone and the iPad several times because she constantly wanted them approved, but it never happened.”
The longtime State Department employee reveals that it's common knowledge among government security tech experts that Apple devices don't meet strict security standards so agency insiders were puzzled that the Secretary of State was hell-bent on using them. “There was a lot of head-scratching,” JW's source revealed. Every State Department employee goes through a rigorous security training that includes strict warnings about using non approved equipment or personal email like Clinton did throughout her tenure as the president's chief foreign affairs officer, the agency insider said.
Clinton's persistent efforts to persuade the State Department's technology security experts to approve the use of her favorite Apple devices led those in the division to conclude that she did in fact go through with it. “My guess is she did it and wanted approval after the fact,” JW's source said. “But no waivers were ever issued.” JW reached out to the State Department for a comment on this latest potential scandal surrounding its former leader, but failed to get a response.
On March 31, 2015, The Associated Press also reported that Clinton, while secretary of state, had used an iPad to email members of her staff, contradicting her statements that she had used a secret email account so that she could “conveniently” conduct official business on one electronic device alone. None of Hillary Clinton's email records have been produced to Judicial Watch, or disclosed to the courts as required by law. Reports of Clinton's use of both a secret email server based at her residence and of an iPad to conduct government business have also raised concerns about the security of Clinton's communications.
It is apparent that the Obama State Department would rather violate FOIA requirements than give the American people simple facts about Hillary Clinton's communication practices.
FOR years, Doug, who lives in Binghamton, New York, suffered from bipolar disorder. In 2003 he enrolled in the federal disability insurance (DI) programme. With his illness now properly treated, he has been looking for work since 2013, without much luck. Because he worked full-time in a shop a decade ago, he would lose his disability benefits if he returned to full-time work now. He worries that he couldn't handle it, and would end up without a job or benefits. So he is hunting for part-time work that won't overtax him, and will let him keep his benefits.
His dilemma is about to get even trickier. DI, on which he depends, is fast running out of money. In the past quarter-century the share of working-age Americans on disability has doubled, to 5% (see chart). Some 11m Americans—9m workers plus their dependants—now receive benefits, nearly as many as work in manufacturing. The result is that DI now pays out far more in benefits than it receives in payroll tax. Its trust fund will run dry by the end of 2016.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
When danger-point has been reached in previous years, money has been shifted to DI from payroll tax or the Social Security trust fund (which is meant to cover public pensions); but a rule passed this month by the House of Representatives says this cannot be done any more without reform. Republicans say this will force Congress to grapple with the problem. Maybe.
The programme owes its dire state, in part, to the same demographic forces undermining Social Security and Medicare. Baby-boomers who haven't yet retired are now at the age when they are most likely to become disabled. Their numbers have been swollen by the entry of more women to the workforce. And a gradually rising retirement age means beneficiaries collect disability payments longer before they switch to a pension.
But demography explains only a bit more than half the rise in the rolls since 1980, according to the Congressional Budget Office and Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. The rest is because workers of any age or sex are now much more likely to qualify. Americans are no sicker than before. As David Autor of MIT and Mark Duggan of Stanford note, the number of 40- to 59-year-olds reporting any kind of disability has remained stable at about 10%. The health of older workers has improved.
However, in 1984 the eligibility criteria were changed. It is now easier to qualify with hard-to-verify ailments, such as mental illness and back pain. Meanwhile, wage stagnation among the low-skilled makes disability benefits—which come with automatic annual increases and health insurance—more appealing, especially during recessions. One study found that ten years after starting on disability benefits, less than 4% of recipients had returned to work.
Some people are ripping off the programme. Last year New York City prosecutors charged 134 people for defrauding DI of about $30m. Applicants, many of them former police officers or firemen, were coached in how to fake psychiatric illnesses such as depression or anxiety. Many were plainly not disabled; one flew a helicopter, another rode a jet-ski and one taught martial arts. But fraud is only a small part of the problem. DI's whole design is antiquated. It presumes that people, once disabled, cannot work. If they do, they usually lose their benefits. Yet lots of people with disabilities can work: wheelchairs did not stop FDR from becoming president or Greg Abbott (pictured) from becoming governor of Texas.
Since 1999 the federal government has encouraged experiments to get beneficiaries back to work. Recipients can generally work full-time for up to a year, or part-time indefinitely, without losing their benefits. Randy Cook, who administers one such effort for a state-county agency in Binghamton, says many don't know that, so they are reluctant even to try.
Matthew, a builder in New York, went on disability after a car accident left him seriously injured. It was six years before he felt able to work again, but his first efforts to do so were half-hearted. “You get out of the [habit] when you're sitting at home, and the most you have to look forward to is ‘The Price is Right' coming on at 11 in the morning,” he says. “Even though you didn't make a lot of money it was easy to sit there, on the couch, collect a cheque, go to doctor's appointments. I might read the classifieds and see something that interested me, and never act on it. But I was fed up with it.” Eventually Matthew met Mr Cook, who told him how to work without losing benefits, and to use acquaintances to look for jobs. In 2011 he found full-time work as an electrician and quit disability.
Doug, who is also a client of Mr Cook's, has been less lucky. He applies almost every day for jobs online, but has had few interviews and, so far, no offers. “One of my major fears at this point is that because I've been out of work for so long that I'm unemployable. Where I live, there are a lot of job seekers and not a lot of jobs to go around.”
Fixing DI will not be easy. Pilot projects which allow people to keep more of their benefits have increased the number working, but not by enough to save much money, reckons Dave Stapleton of Mathematica, a consultancy. A more promising approach is to staunch the flow of people entering the programme by toughening eligibility criteria. Several European countries have tried this. The Netherlands in 1994 and 2002 required employers to pay disability benefits for up to two years, a spur to rehabilitating the employee as soon as possible. To receive long-term state benefits thereafter, beneficiaries must document their efforts to return to work. Sweden has restricted eligibility to those who can't do any job. In America, Mr Autor and Mr Duggan suggest expanding private disability cover, thus giving employers an incentive to keep workers working and speeding the return of the disabled.
Such reforms, though, would take years to show results. In all likelihood, a long-lasting fix to DI may require fixing Social Security as well, by restricting benefits for higher-paid workers, indexing annual benefit increases less generously, or raising the payroll tax. All are political poison. So although there will be much talk of fixing disability in the year to come, little is likely to get done.
ZCASH MINING IS INCREDIBLY CENTRALIZED it is usually interesting to see how the mining surroundings evolve for exclusive cryptocurrencies. A fair few coins suffer from centralization issues in this regard, that's simplest to be expected. in the Bitcoin world, the centralization trouble comes in the form of a few Chinese pools preserving most people of the community hash power. ultimately, in an effort to backfire, but very few people are inclined to make any adjustments in this regard. Profitability hinges on joining a pool which has a great chance of finding blocks, in spite of everything.
interestingly sufficient, Bitcoin isn't the cryptocurrency with the biggest centralization hassle right now. that looks to be Zcash, with one mining pool controlling over 50% of all hash power right now. this is quite interesting, considering there are a dozen first-rate pools to pick from. furthermore, we've visible a few new pools pop up over the last week as a way to encourage people to transport away from feeding Flypool with even more hash power.
right now, Flypool is over twice as big as F2Pool as ways as the ZEC hash rate is concerned. in this regard, Flypool may want to effortlessly perform a 51% assault towards the network if it had been ever inclined to do so. That's no longer passed off but, however, there is no purpose to think it never will. there is no present-day incentive for Flypool to accomplish that because it already controls the Zcash community. It isn't a primary situation as long as nothing goes awry, but it's unknown how long that will be the case.
numerous Zcash miners have already moved far from Flypool if you want to diversify the hash rate. at this point, their efforts have now not made lots of an impact, but that situation may also exchange eventually. it's far very difficult to eliminate the majority of hash power from one pool and make certain other pools distribute this workload. For maximum miners, the most effective element that topics are maximizing income in one manner or another. proper now, that means becoming a member of the pool with the most hash rate, because it has the first-class danger of locating blocks on an everyday foundation. The knife cuts each method in situations like these.
it will likely be exciting to see how things play out in this regard. Zcash has lost a number of its momentum for the reason that launching, but that isn't always totally surprising. That's no longer because there's no real price to Zcash, thoughts you, but especially that it's flown under the radar for a few unknown causes. this may additionally explain why the mining centralization issue has long past left out for so long. it's an interesting development well worth retaining an eye on; that plenty is obvious.
it's also worth noting that Zcash isn't always the primary fundamental altcoin to be afflicted by centralized mining issues. more especially, Litecoin had a comparable problem now not lengthy ago, but it seems the whole lot grew to become out all right in the long run. there's no motive to suppose Zcash will now not overcome those issues, although it stays to be visible how they will be addressed. For now, miners want to preserve an eye fixed on this and make sure they move their hash energy to a one of a kind pool till things normalize.
Xiaomi The Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi just announced a new $30 set-top box that is so tiny you might mistake it for a smartphone power adapter.
The Mi Box Mini runs on Android and supports Dolby DTS audio and 1080p output to TVs, which means you'll be able to stream in full HD. It comes with its own Bluetooth remote and is available in a ton of different color options including red, orange, purple, blue, and yellow.
Xiaomi
It's much smaller than Xiaomi's previously released streaming device, the Mi Box.
Xiaomi
At $30, Xiaomi's new Mi Box is cheaper than Google's Chromecast ($35) and the Roku Stick ($50). Despite its small size, it runs on a quad-core processor, which means it should be able to handle multiple tasks without getting overwhelmed.
The box will be available for preorder starting Jan. 20, and orders are expected to ship a week later.
NOW WATCH: The Secrets Behind Getting Your Profile Viewed On LinkedIn
The Centre has said activist Teesta Setalvad's organisation cannot accept foreign funding.
Highlights Rule applies to NGOs receiving over Rs 1 crore from government The rule also applies to NGOs receiving over Rs 10 lakh from abroad This is the first time assets of non-profits will be looked into
NGOs or non-profit organisations, that receive more than one crore rupees in government funds or more than 10 lakhs as donation from abroad and their office-bearers will now be considered public servants and will have to declare details of their assets and liabilities and those of their spouses and dependent children by July 31 this year, the Centre has said.This follows its decision to bring such organisations under the jurisdiction of the Lokpal or national ombudsman. The Lokpal law provides that every public servant must make public his assets and liabilities and that of his spouse and dependent children.It will apply to "any person who is or has been a director, manager, secretary or any other officer of a society, association of persons or trust wholly or partly financed by the government and the annual income of which exceeds Rs 1 crore," a senior personnel ministry official said.NGOs say they have grounds to challenge the order. Sources say the NGOs have reached out to the Prime Minister and are hopeful of a resolution."We respect the core idea of transparency, but this notification misses the fundamental point and ends up penalising individuals doing pro bono service, "said Amitabh Behar of the National Foundation of India.He hoped that the deadline, now five days away, would be extended while NGOs reach out to the government and "try and make them understand our concerns". Mr Behar said they were also considering challenging the act.He said the Lokpal law was brought by the previous Congress-led UPA government and "so this notification per se is not an act of the current regime. But there is a larger climate of NGOs' space in the country shrinking."Last year, amid a crackdown on foreign charities, the Home Ministry put the $12.5 billion Ford Foundation on watch list. In 2015, the registrations of more than 10,000 NGOs were cancelled. Currently, 18 foreign funding agencies and donors are on the watch list. In June, the Centre said activist Teesta Setalvad's NGO, the Sabrang Trust, which works with Gujarat riot victims, cannot accept foreign funding anymore. The home ministry had suspended its license last year, asking it to explain its foreign funding.
CAIRO — Egypt conducted an airstrike against an Islamist stronghold in Libya on Monday in retaliation for the beheading of at least a dozen Egyptian Christians by a local franchise of the Islamic State, in Cairo's deepest reach yet into the chaos that has engulfed its neighbor.
Hinting at possible further action, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt said in a statement that he had convened “a continuous session” of his National Defense Council to monitor events in Libya and to weigh additional measures. But the strike itself, hitting in the Libyan town of Derna at dawn, was a new turn in the breakdown of regional order in the aftermath of the Arab Spring revolts and the Islamic State's emergence.
Nearly three and a half years after the ouster of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, two rival coalitions of militias are battling for control over Libya and its vast resources, including nearly $100 billion in financial reserves, untapped oil deposits, and a long Mediterranean coast facing Europe. In the absence of any effective government or even a dominant force, a multifaceted proxy war has erupted as rival Arab states back competing militias and extremist groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State seek to expand their operations.
Mr. Sisi, a former general who led the ouster of Egypt's Islamist president in 2013, has watched with growing concern as a coalition of moderate Islamists, extremists and regional militias seized control of the Libyan capital, Tripoli, last year and set up their own provisional government.
Modelling on how the state government would compensate for the estimated 22 million tonnes of greenhouse gases generated by the proposed two new coal-fired power stations is yet to be undertaken.
The government believes the new plants, based on extensions to existing stations at Mount Piper near Lithgow and Bayswater in the Hunter Valley, would probably displace slightly less efficient plants elsewhere on the east coast power grid.
But a series of freedom-of-information requests that Greenpeace has put to the government show that no work has yet been done on how the emissions would be offset, despite the NSW government developing a new strategy for deeper greenhouse gas cuts.
Demand for cheap electricity in NSW is not rising as quickly as predicted in the Owen inquiry into electricity supply, with the most recent data suggesting a trend towards more gas-fired power.
Greenpeace said the lack of work done so far to factor in the greenhouse impact of the two plants suggested that many in government did not believe they were necessary.
With just seven more primary contests to go until the Democratic National Convention is slated to open, Senator Bernie Sanders remains in a competitive race with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Yet depending on how you stack up the numbers, exactly just how many delegates Sanders has to capture still is open for interpretation. So, exactly how many delegates does Bernie Sanders need to clinch the nomination? It really depends on who you ask, and how they see it.
The difference comes down to how superdelegates are counted. Superdelegates are known in the party literature as unpledged party leaders and elected officials. They key word here is the first one: unpledged.
It has been well-established that since superdelegates are free to make up their own mind, they are not directly subject to their constituents during the convention. But what this also means is that who they say they are supporting also doesn't officially matter until the convention is called to order.
Let's take a closer look at the math. There will be a total of 4763 delegates seated at the DNC in Philadelphia. The magic number to win the nomination: 2383. Now, according to CNN's delegate projections, currently Sanders is trailing Clinton by a total of 793 delegates. But, when you take a look at just the pledged delegates; that is, the ones who are actually representing the results of votes, the number drops to 292.
BILL WECHTER/AFP/Getty Images
With 475 pledged delegates at stake on June 7 just in California alone, Sanders would have to capture roughly 61 percent of the popular vote in order close the pledged delegate gap. A low bar, when you think of it — he wouldn't even have to beat his performances in Washington or Oregon to do so. Montana, New Mexico, and the Dakotas — four other states voting with California on June 7 will also probably favor Sanders. New Jersey, and the mass of independent voters in the state, is a bit harder to read.
As it stands now, in order for Bernie Sanders to clinch the nomination, he will need the support of 866 additional delegates.
Either way, no matter how much some people in the media (cough, Chris Matthews, cough) believe that Clinton will become the presumptive nominee on June 7 shortly after polls close in the Golden State, the reality of the situation is that unless either candidate is forced to end their campaign, Democrats will have to wait until July to find out who will be at the top of their ticket.
(OTTAWA) – An Ottawa Catholic priest stunned the community when it was revealed he's involved in a scandal that has absolutely nothing at all to do with molesting children in his care.
Joseph LeClair is charged with misappropriating over $240,000 from a downtown parish, not inviting small children to wash his genitals in a bathtub or feeling them up in a tent during summertime sleep away camp.
Blessed Sacrament parish, where, freakishly, no children at all were molested
Police said Wednesday they arrested LeClair after a complaint by the Ottawa archdiocese, but had mistakenly assumed that they were being called out to arrest LeClair for interfering with kids.
Said lead investigator Sargent Frances Bouchard; “Frankly, we just assumed that he'd been diddling kiddies and didn't even bother looking at the warrant. Then we noticed that his laptop computer contains absolutely no child pornography. It was only at that point that we realized that actually weren't arresting him for child rape, but for stealing a bunch of money or something.”
Some of the children that LeClair didn't molest. For real. No joke.
Continued Bouchard; “Who figures a Catholic priest's getting arrested for anything other than exposing himself to minors? It's a head scratcher.”
The Archbishop of Ottawa said many in the Catholic community are “hurt and disappointed” by the news. “…And really surprised that LeClair didn't finger-bang any toddlers. Not even one.”
He was released from police custody on a promise to appear in court on July 25 on charges that in no way have anything to do with being a creepy pedophile.
I'm serious.
http://ow.ly/c0kUB
But almost all “ethnic” fonts tend to share the same characteristics of being “foreign” or non-western. Ethnic fonts are generally less structured, often handwritten, have purposeful flaws, look old, and can often be based on traditional writing.
Now at this point you may be thinking that I am reading way too much into the meaning of fonts. Ethnic fonts may not seem like such a big deal, and they may not bother you because they are so ingrained in our visual communication. But I feel like this complacency and acceptance of ethnic fonts is one of the reasons why this conversation matters. It matters because it adds to the “currency of signs” that valorizes western aesthetics. It places modern, progressive, industrial, and democratic values to standard typefaces like Helvetica and Times New Roman, while ethnic typefaces allude to the exotic, backwards, wild, and maybe even slightly savage. It is reinforcing a western-centric worldview, and perpetuating socio-economic power dynamics.
Marketing and design students are often taught to consider using things like gender and ethnic stereotypes to their advantage (like in this article here that could really benefit from some feminist help). In this context, they argue stereotypes are not always bad, but rather useful tools to communicate non-verbal ideas, attract the appropriate demographic, and ultimately get people to buy things. In fact, it can be argued that this is an example of how a large amount of what a graphic designer does is simply using these visual stereotypes to their advantage.
It is a common view that fonts are used in this way “for the simple reason that stereotypes, though crude, serve a commercial purpose. They are shortcuts, visual mnemonic devices. There is no room for cultural nuance or academic accuracy in a shop's fascia. Restaurant owners want passersby (often in cars rather than on foot) to know immediately that they serve Chinese (or Greek, or Jewish) food, and a lettering style that achieves this is welcome.”[7]. It is true that for a designer, it is attractive to use stereotypes as a quick and easy way to get your message across. If your target audience is female, then why not use a curly hand-written font with light pastel colors? Or if you are designing an ad for Jewish matzo ball soup mix, why not use one of the many Hebrew themed fonts? Like the font Faux Hebrew or Hebrewish, maybe even Talmud or Jerusalem, or if you are not yet spoilt for choice there is also a font entitled Circumcision (no joke, you can find it here if you don't believe me)[8].
While using these visual stereotypes may be an appealing way to design, it is also lazy, bad design. As I write this post I am trying to acknowledge that there is a difference between necessary critiques of the visual social world we live, and just being a mean, pretentious, and overly critical designer. I think it is all too easy for designers to criticize their contemporaries and I try as much as possible to break that trend. But when it comes to font stereotypes I can't help sharing the same judgmental sentiments as this author: “It is hard to comprehend the brain pattern of the people who choose this font, but it must go something like: ‘How on earth is my audience meant to know that my sign that reads 'Chinese Restaurant' refers to a Chinese restaurant if I don't write it in wacky calligraphy-y, bamboo-y letters?"[9] These sorts of fonts are offensive to the group stereotyped, but also to the viewer. We are intelligent beings with the capacity to read the intent of a sign without designers resorting to negative stereotypes.
For many designers ethnic fonts are seen as simply “garbage fonts”[10] used by “amateur designers”[11]. Using gender stereotypes is also, though much less so, considered an amateur decision. But amateur or not, we go about our day exposed to way more than the rare professional high-end sleek design with a social consciousness. We see these stereo‘types' everywhere. Maybe it is time we hold designers accountable for these stereotypes. Maybe we should also hold accountable the institutions that teach design without teaching the social implications of design[12]. The job of a designer is not to be uninventive, simply repurposing stereotypes for easy visual communication. We need to call on the design industry to be innovative, creative, and to generate useful visual solutions, because ultimately, that is their job.
The collapse of the I-5 bridge over the Skagit River Thursday night is a sign of a failing infrastructure. A Republican-led filibuster killed the presidents $60 billion infrastructure bill, the latest of a series of failures to invest in this nations infrastructure. With the new collapse, we also have numbers to show how much the “fiscally conservatives” are actually saving from the government budget, and it is not a savings at all.
The I-5 corridor is one of the busiest trade routes between the United States and Canada, linking the port of Vancouver to the western half of the continental United States. It is so important to the nations GDP that it has been nicknamed the “Link to the World.” Almost $20 billion of trade went along the I-5 corridor between the two nations in 2006 alone, and it has only grown since. The need to renovate, upgrade, and improve this key corridor has been clear for years.
Now, instead of the $7 million in renovations and upgrades, the cost to replace the collapsed bridge will run $15 million and take up to a year. The collapse will cost an estimated $47 million in reduced productivity and trade. With the current average tax revenue from this total for trade and productivity in dealing with trade to Canada to be around 22%, the result is that this bridge collapse will cost the federal government $10 million in revenue for the period of repair, which when added to the $15 million pricetag means that we are looking at a total impact of $25 million. All in order to save $7 million.
The Republicans are no fiscal conservatives. They are no budget hawks. They do not understand that the government is not a business, and never can be. They operate on fundamentally different principles. A business is designed to maximize return to its investors, be they shareholders or the proprietor. A government is the opposite of this, and is designed to maximize productivity of its citizens. There are no “shareholders” to return profit to, so cutting in order to maximize profits is pointless, and only generates a drag on the economy. They simply do not understand economics, and that infrastructure investments are the key to growth.
But the Republicans would rather cherry pick economic papers which fit their ideology and then refuse to admit failure. And they are ready to lead us off the cliff, quite literally, and cause another economic collapse rather than admit failure. When a government invests in infrastructure, in growth, budget issues disappear. Those who argue anything else are the economic version of faith healers, and can be safely ignored. Only by understanding the difference between a viable economic idea, and ideology can we move forward.
In the GOP's masterful move to “save money” they have cost tens of millions more than the initial pricetag. This is repeated elsewhere when the Republicans enact policies which are guaranteed to waste more money than saved. They are not the party of fiscal responsibility, they are the big spenders, the party of money wasting. The I-5 bridge collapse thankfully did not cause any fatalities, unlike the I-35W bridge collapse which killed thirteen people in 2007. Both have the same root cause, slashed budgets in the name of “austerity.” And it only demonstrates how much of a failure the modern Republican Party is.
Peggy Morgan's TUF 18 Fighter Blog Week 4: The Human Side of Fighting
I went into The Ultimate Fighter with a number of goals. Some of those goals are pretty obvious: namely, to fight bitches and get money. Other goals are probably less apparent. One of these goals was to not cry on camera. This might seem like a dumb thing to worry about, but it was actually something I thought about a lot.
Yeah, I know Ronda cries pretty much every episode. And I'm cool with that. If she wants to cry, it doesn't bother me. But I'm not someone who feels comfortable crying in public, and I especially don't feel comfortable crying on television.
Well, the fight between Jessica and Roxy almost messed that all up. At the end, when Roxy yelled in frustration and Jessica came over to comfort her, I had tears standing in my eyes. I couldn't help it.
The emotions that fight brought out of everyone in the house might seem strange to people who are watching the whole thing unfold on television, but it was a really difficult fight for most of us to watch. This may have been partly because everyone was tired and homesick and some of us (me) had been living off broccoli for weeks and were starving. So we were all more or less at the ends of our emotional ropes. But I think it also had something to do with the two women who were fighting.
So this week, I'm going to skip talking about the drama between the coaches and talk only about the two fighters.
Remember the collection of water bottles, some of which had gross gangrenous looking chunks of rotting lemon floating in them, that Jessica wanted to throw away? Yeahhhh… those were mine.
I slept in the bunk above Jessica and continuously drove her completely insane with my filthy habits. Jessica spent literally hours every day cleaning the kitchen and bathroom and making sure all her things were not only tidy, but also thoroughly organized in little Tupperware containers she kept tucked neatly under her bed.
Meanwhile, on the top bunk, I was hanging my bras from the headboard, and letting my blankets fall through the crack between my mattress and the wall so they hung in Jessica's face, and dropping wax earplugs on her in the middle of the night, and clipping my toenails over the edge of the bed. Through all of this, Jessica was extremely patient, but I'm pretty sure she wanted to smother me with one of the pillows that kept falling from my bunk onto hers.
Despite this pretty important difference in our characters (OCD vs. DGAF), Jessica and I were friendly with each other because we were the two mothers on the show. Jess's son, Jesse, is almost exactly a year older than my Oliver, and both of us struggled with being away from them. Sometimes we'd be sitting together and she'd say quietly, “I miss Jesse,” and I'd know exactly what she was feeling because I was experiencing it, too.
At the same time, though, Jessica is way, way more maternal than I am. If anyone in the house had a boo boo that needed bandaging, they'd go to Jessica. If something needed to be cooked, Jessica would do it. If there were dishes left in the sink, Jessica would ￼clean them. When Roxy said she thought of Jessica as an older sister, she wasn't alone. I think almost everyone in the house did.
Then there's Roxy. I don't think I need to tell you that Roxy is an anomaly. What I'm about to say is going to betray just how little I knew about the WMMA scene when I went into this, but when I saw Roxy at tryouts, I thought, “no way is that skinny little nerd a fighter.” I think it's safe to assume I'm not the first person who thought this about her. And like them, I was dead wrong.
I feel like it's okay for me to call Roxy a nerd because I'm a nerd, too. You know how it is: we can call each other nerds, but if one of the cool kids calls us nerds, it's offensive. At the same time, though, Roxy and I occupy totally different positions on the nerd spectrum. I like playing my cello and talking about Beowulf at length; she likes watching anime and making puns.
You know the human figure she fashioned out of toilet paper rolls and athletic tape? She named it “Plato” because it had a paper plate for a head. Or then there was the time we were all crawling around on the floor trying to rearrange the beds and Shayna backed up and pretty much sat on Roxy's head by accident and Roxy called herself a “butthead” and then laughed at her own word-play until she cried.
Roxy is also the most innocent thirty-year-old woman I've ever met. Like when Anthony said he wanted a piece, and Roxy responded, “a piece of what?” She wasn't kidding. She really didn't know what he meant.
For a while, I wondered if maybe Roxy had been raised in a convent or in some fairy tale cottage in the middle of the woods or something and that's why she seemed so unworldly, but then I realized that it's just in her nature to not see the ugly side of things. This is going to sound wicked cheesy, but I don't care: Roxanne Modafferi is probably the most truly “good” person I've ever met. Like seriously. If Roxy wasn't fighting, she would be Mother Teresa.
From the beginning, we'd all said jokingly that whoever had to fight Roxy was an (expletive). Well, Jessica had to be the (expletive). It wasn't a fun fight for any of us to watch, but in a way, I'm glad that it happened because it revealed the human side of fighting in a way that no other fight I've ever seen.
Team Rousey's Peggy Morgan is blogging exclusively for MMAWeekly.com readers throughout the Team Rousey vs. Team Tate season. You can follow her on Twitter @PeggyMorganMMA.
While Howard Stern‘s mouth has earned him legendary status in radio, much speculation about the King of all Media in recent years has centered on what's on top of his head, as many skeptics taunt him over the authenticity of his curly black locks. With that in mind, RadarOnline.com takes an in-depth look at the superstar shock jock's past words on the topic, and speaks with experts in an effort to answer the question: Does Howard wear a wig?
Listener Backlash
In recent years, Stern's hair has inspired endless message board threads, tweets, YouTube parodies and phony phone calls from listeners on online forums such as Dawgshed and Reddit. The Private Parts star addressed the irritating barbs on his June 23, 2014 broadcast after a listener identifying himself as Andrew Johnson said he would present Stern with a check for $250,000 if he would let him come into the studio and pull on his hair. Stern took a hostile tone with the listener — calling him a “f**khead,” “r**ard,” and “c**t” — but did accept the challenge, saying he would pass the money onto his charity of choice, the North Shore Animal League. After Stern's producer Gary Dell'Abate announced that the caller had hung up — and they would not be able to take him up on his challenge — the radio star opened up on the endless ribbing he's taken from those who think his locks aren't the real deal.
“I get Andrew and his buddies on my Twitter account all of the time calling me ‘Wig man' and ‘Wig boy,' and saying that I wear a wig … and I know they're high-fiving each other … I guess they're enemies of mine, they're angry with me,” he said. “They seem to have a very hostile attitude toward me and they write, ‘You wear a wig, we know it! Why don't you admit it?' And I don't know what to do with that — I'd admit if I had one … that doesn't really bother me that much. Let's say I do …. but I don't, I would feel weird wearing a wig, or any kind of hairpiece.” He continued, addressing the skeptics, “It seems to be a big thing with them, to say that I wear a wig, but I don't know why that's the thing. So this is big for them … let's say I do wear a wig, why do you want to expose me?”
A good question, and one RadarOnline.com tries to answer with a look back into the radio legend's archives.
PHOTOS: The King Of All Scandals: Shock Jock Howard Stern's Top 20 Secrets & Feuds EXPOSED
‘The Wig Thing Is Going To Make Him Crack'
In recent years, Stern has admittedly “evolved” from the shock jock persona that made him a household name, the radio rebel whose brand of racial, sexual and counter culture comedy made him the first disc jockey to be number one in New York City and Los Angeles simultaneously, en route to successfully syndicating his show nationwide. And while the former America's Got Talent judge has carved out a family-friendly image and a spot at the dinner table among Hollywood's elite, he's continually badgered by a dissatisfied segment of the audience using his old tactics against him.
Stern certainly used said tactics in his battle with Charles Grodin, the TV personality and actor of Midnight Run and Beethoven fame. Amid a 10-year war of words in the media, Stern relentlessly hammered Grodin, frequently discussing how he believed the actor wore a wig. In one instance, he dispatched former intern Steve Grillo to ambush Grodin in an on-the-street interview, asking him questions such as: “Has anyone ever complimented you for having a nice wig? Have you ever tried drinking Rogaine? Do your kids know you're bald?” In a segment replaying the interview, Stern boasted, “I've got all my own hair, Charles Grodin wears a wig … we're outing him; we won't be satisfied until that wig is off! He has got to take that wig off and let us see him without that wig … he's got to let it shine!” When Grodin complained about the ambush exchange with Stern's underling, the King of All Media defended his practices in saying, “He's a public figure, his wig is a private citizen!” He later said, “I guess the questions were hurtful, it bothered him … he's gotta get over it, he needs help, he needs psychological help, the wig thing is going to make him crack.” Stern then encouraged his audience, “Wherever you see him from now on, just ask him wig questions … just constant wig questions.”
Another victim of Stern's past wig-shaming was the late Wally George, the father of actress Rebecca DeMornay and conservative commentator known for Hot Seat, his cult-favorite public access show that aired in Southern California in the 1980s. In one cringeworthy segment from the early 1990s, Stern battered George over his estrangement from DeMornay, his unhealthy appearance and how he believed George's white comb over hairdo was actually a toupee. “Oh be still, you wig-wearing hump! What do you look like under that wig? How bald are you? Let me pull it off, let me pull that toupee off … I hope they pull your wig off right on TV,” Stern told George, who shot back, “It's my hair, pal!” Stern responded, “It's probably chemotherapy, he looks like he's in some shape.” The King of All Media continued the aggressive approach during George's Nov. 19, 1997 appearance on his show. After George (who died in October 2003) told him about how he was battling cancer and blood clots on his brain, Stern said, “I told you, you're a loser, you're almost off the planet … how much cancer do you have through your body, when can we expect you off the planet? I always thought you looked unhealthy, seriously.” Of course, Stern again brought up how he believed George wore a hairpiece, asking him, “What about your wig, do you still wear that?” The right-wing George shot back, “I've never worn a wig,” after which Stern launched into a tirade, in jest, about his hypothetical plans following George's death. “Let me tell you what I'm going to go to your grave: I will dig you up, and I will laugh some more at your head. I will hold your head in my hands and I will pull off your hair, because your hair won't decompose!”
‘Howard Doesn't Want Us Mentioning His Name In The Hair Loss Show'
While Stern clearly has shown he can dish it out when it comes to other people's hair, whether he can take it is a different story — just ask Spencer Kobren, an author, radio host and founder of the American Hair Loss Association. Kobren, a consumer advocate who's been featured in media ranging from The New York Times to WebMD to 20/20, explained to RadarOnline.com how one mention of Stern's hair almost caused his then-station to drop his show after some behind-the-scenes maneuvering coming from the King Of All Media's camp. Following up on a story he initially told on The Andrew Zarian Show, Kobren revealed how “Howard tried to get me kicked off the air” in 2002, when he hosted a syndicated hair loss-based radio show that was broadcast out of Los Angeles on Stern's then-FM affiliate, KLSX. Kobren told RadarOnline.com that a female caller, who claimed she worked in the same New York City building that housed Stern's former station K-Rock, reported unusual details she noticed “on more than one occasion” while riding in the elevator next to the radio icon. “She was like, ‘There's something going on with his hair, I'm telling you, in a certain light, you can see scalp,' and she actually said she thought she saw some netting or something,” Kobren said, adding that in the caller's opinion, “That wasn't his hair.” Dubbing the caller's comments as “hearsay,” Kobren said the woman's remarks “sparked an interesting conversation, we started taking more calls and the segment turned into talking about Howard Stern's hair, or lack thereof, if that in fact is the case.” (Kobren said that he never offered his own opinion on Stern's hair, as he hasn't met him, and that he wouldn't out a celebrity he believed to getting some extra help on top.)
“Apparently someone from his camp listened to the show at the time,” Kobren said, recalling how station management had told him that Stern producer Gary Dell'Abate had called and complained that “Howard is pi**ed that we were talking about his hair loss on the air.” Management's reaction? According to Kobren, “We got a call, and basically we were told we can't talk about Howard's hair, Howard doesn't want us mentioning his name in the hair loss show and basically we were warned if it continued, then I wouldn't be able to air the program through” the Los Angeles station. Kobren said he found the edict “comical, initially, to some degree and … a little hypocritical,” noting, “I am doing a hair loss show on an FM talk station that's syndicated, what are we supposed to talk about?” Kobren said that “whatever it is, whatever the situation was, there's obviously some significant sensitivity … if you think about what we were discussing, there's nothing that I think would be objectionable for Howard's people to call KLSX and say that we can no longer mention his name on my show.”
PHOTOS: Howard Stern And Beth Stern Attend The North Shore Animal League America 2014 Celebrity Gala At The Plaza Hotel
‘I Thank God For My Head Of Hair'
Stern explained how he inherited his hair on his March 11, 2014 broadcast, in an interview with Florida-based hair transplant surgeon Dr. Alan J. Bauman about the growing trend of beard transplants. In the exchange, Bauman asked the King of All Media, “What about that hair on your head? It's been amazingly thick and full, what's your secret?” Stern explained, “My grandfather, my grandpa Sol had full black hair, he used to slick it back — and I look just like him — and he had full, jet black hair until he was in his 80s, and then when he was 90-something, it turned gray. And he had a big thick head of hair, and I think I got lucky, that's my mom's dad.” When Bauman asked Stern about his father Ben's hair loss, Stern replied, “My dad's bald, I always just figured I'd be bald, but it has nothing to do with the dad, someone told me it's your mother's father.” He continued, “I don't know, but I thank God for my head of hair, it's just so great, because I have such a f**ked up face, it's great.” (The remarks mirrored those Stern made to Piers Morgan in a January 2011 interview, in which he said was was “very lucky” that his “big bouffant” was all-natural. “I have my own hair, I do not color it, I'm very blessed,” he said. “I swear on a stack of bibles that I don't color my hair.” When Morgan gave Stern a gentle tug on the coif, the radio star said, “Don't get too frisky!”)
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com
When Bauman told the radio legend, “Your hair is cause for a lot of debate here … the debate is if it's real or not,” Stern acknowledged the remark with a confused pause, and the interview went on without further speculation. But the topic surfaced again on the radio program following Stern's, The Wrap-Up Show, in which producer Gary Dell'Abate and host Jon Hein both defended the authenticity of their boss's ‘do. “I know for a fact: That is 100 percent his hair. I can swear on the life of my kids, I've been with Howard for 30 years, I would know if his hair was thinning,” Dell'Abate, famously nicknamed “Baba Booey,” said. “I know for a fact that is actually his hair — to hide that from us, he couldn't hide that from us, that he made some weird transition to a wig, it's impossible!” Hein said Stern was “annoyed by” Bauman “asking … about his hair, because everybody asks Howard about his hair, he's answered it 1,000 times, and Howard seemed to get a little annoyed by him pressing him on him a bit.” Hein took up for the radio legend, not understanding why people can't take him at his word. “People find it so hard to believe that he has a such a thick head of hair and that it's so dark,” Hein said. “His grandfather — he said this 1,000 times — had a full head of hair like that and then it went gray, and he still didn't lose his hair. Now his father lost his hair, but that doesn't necessarily mean anything, because a lot of times it comes from your mother's side, but nobody wants to accept that, they feel that there is a conspiracy, that Howard is not telling the truth.”
PHOTOS: Orange You are Glad You Married Howard? Beth Stern Goes Heavy On Spray Tan
‘I May Have Struck A Chord There'
RadarOnline.com caught up with Dr. Bauman, who hasn't treated Stern as a patient, to inquire about his testy exchange with the radio host, and get his expert thoughts. “I had the opportunity to talk with him … of course I'm going to ask him about it, it seemed to defy the laws of nature so I want to know what's going on there,” Bauman told RadarOnline.com exclusively, adding that “there was no question that the interview kind of changed tone” after he brought up the hair issue to Stern. “I could tell that he distanced himself from the interview with me after that point, and it's all fine and good, I may have struck a chord there.”
When asked about the previously-mentioned skepticism surrounding Stern's mane, Bauman said, “I think the chatter out there is that maybe that his hair doesn't necessarily match up with his age, and it does seem to be a bit inconsistent, at times, that wouldn't be just necessarily be related to styling alone.” The doctor pointed to Stern's September 2012 appearance on David Letterman‘s Late Show as further fuel for the naysayers. “He kind of pushed his hair back with his hand, and you could kind of see that where he pushed his hair back, that there was a significant difference between the hair that was below — weak, thin and wispy — and the hair that was above, which was like super-thick and curly. There was definitely some difference there, in that photo that I saw … I'm assuming, people are noticing that his hair is … a little bit static, and maybe hiding something.”
Asked if he thought Stern might have some artificial help with his coif, Bauman told RadarOnline.com, “I can't say for sure, I'm not his physician, I haven't had a chance to examine his scalp in person. If he wants to use something artificial to portray that appearance, then he should just come out and say that that's what he's doing, and people should get over it.” Bauman said that if Stern admitted to help with his hair [if he's getting it], he'd serve as a role model to the “millions and millions of people out there, men and women, who struggle with hair loss every day and are affected by it.” He added, “As every celebrity chooses their causes and comes out about things that afflict the average everyday person, they just become more real … Howard's got a thick skin, I'm assuming, so what would be the big deal? Just own up to it, own it.”
Dr. Alan J. Bauman can be found on Twitter at @DrAlanBauman and at BaumanMedical.com. Spencer Kobren can be found on Twitter at @spencerkobren and on TheBaldTruth.com. Live editions of The Howard Stern Show air on SiriusXM Mondays thru Wednesdays.
Readers, your thoughts: Is Howard's hair the gift of grandpa's great genetics, or is there something else going on? Sounds off in comments below.
CHICAGO (CBS) — The Illinois Secretary of State's office is getting out the word: big changes are coming soon for drivers with disabilities.
New Change For Disabled Drivers
WBBM's Regine Schlesinger reports, starting Jan. 1, drivers with a disability placard or license plate, will not be entitled to park for free at metered spaces.
Bill Bogdan, with the Secretary of State's office, says only those who can't physically reach or feed the pay box will be exempt from paying.
Drivers will have to get a doctor to certify that they are physically unable to pay. Once approved, they will be issued a new placard, exempting them from paying.
Bogdan, who's in a wheelchair himself, hopes the end of free parking for most will take away the incentive to abuse the placards.
“I'm a father of three, I've got three young kids and when I'm out by myself with them and I need to take them places and those spots are taken up, I never feel more handicapped in my life,” he said
Starting Tuesday, workers will begin placing notices on the windshields of cars that display handicapped placards or plates, warning that they'll have to pay for parking unless they get the special exemption.
Prepaid customers have long been almost an afterthought for most major U.S. network operators, who have opted instead to focus on postpaid users who often generate higher ARPU and lower churn. But as the growth of smartphone sales slows -- and as the gap between prepaid and postpaid ARPU narrows -- carriers are increasingly focused on the prepaid segment.
And as first-quarter earnings indicate, T-Mobile and AT&T continue to make big strides.
"We all naturally lavish a tremendous amount of time and attention on the postpaid market," MoffettNathanson analysts wrote in a research note analyzing the first-quarter performances of the four major U.S. carriers. "But as AT&T is quick to point out, the distinction between the two is becoming increasingly arbitrary."
T-Mobile and AT&T making gains
AT&T, which pursues the market aggressively through its Cricket brand, reported 500,000 prepaid net additions in the U.S. during the first quarter, and an additional 450,000 in Mexico. And T-Mobile, which employs a similar strategy through its MetroPCS offering, reported a record 807,000 net prepaid customer additions during the period.
Meanwhile, Sprint lost a net 264,000 prepaid users during the most recent quarter, down drastically from the 546,000 net additions it posted in the prior year and substantially worse than Evercore ISI's estimate of 100,000 net losses. Verizon, interestingly, appears to be the lone U.S. operator to essentially ignore prepaid, opting to view the MVNO TracFone -- which, notably, sells service on all four major networks -- as its own prepaid offering in an effort to avoid cannibalizing its postpaid business. Verizon lost 177,000 net prepaid users during the quarter, which was actually down from the 188,000 net losses it posted during the prior year.
And while increased competition appears to have driven down overall postpaid ARPU over the last three years, prepaid ARPU has made modest gains. MoffettNathanson estimates indicate T-Mobile has seen its postpaid ARPU fall from $54.07 to $46.05 since the first quarter of 2013, for instance, while prepaid ARPU has risen from $35.96 to $37.58.
Similarly, Verizon's postpaid ARPU peaked at $58.04 in the third quarter of 2014 but has since fallen to $51.87. But its prepaid ARPU rose from $22.86 to $31.68, which may signal that nation's largest carrier is better monetizing the prepaid users it isn't shedding.
T-Mobile and AT&T are seeing even higher ARPUs from their dedicated prepaid brands. T-Mobile CEO John Legere said recently that MetroPCS customers generate ARPU in the range of $38 to $39, which he described as "very steady, very good." And Cricket customers generated an ARPU of $41 during the first quarter.
And the pricing gap between prepaid and postpaid offerings is converging just as the ARPU gap is. MoffettNathanson said prepaid plans are roughly only $5 to $10 a month cheaper than entry-level postpaid plans, due largely to price compression in postpaid stemming from increased competition.
Prepaid and postpaid 'now more fungible'
The rising importance of the prepaid user stems in part from the emergence of equipment installment plans (EIPs) and the move away from two-year contracts, MoffettNathanson noted.
"The economic rationale for being a postpaid subscriber was party the subsidized handset," the analysts wrote. "If you're going to buy (and finance) your handset anyway, you might as well do it with the cheapest available price plan. Prepaid and postpaid are now more fungible. At the same time, the price distinction between the two has narrowed, in part because, well, there's just not that much difference anymore."
And as MoffettNathanson analysts note, the prepaid market is no longer driven by price alone (if it ever was) -- Sprint's Boost is the cheapest when adjusted for data plan size, and Verizon "has apparently intentionally priced itself out of contention."
With competition heating up in the prepaid market, it's worth noting that the biggest recent success stories are the dedicated prepaid brands of Cricket and MetroPCS rather than carrier-branded offerings or MVNOs. That phenomenon may be why Sprint appears to be shifting its focus away from Sprint Prepaid ahead of a relaunch of its Virgin brand later this year.
Whether Sprint can leverage a new Virgin offering regain lost ground in the segment is unclear, although Verizon's near-absence may provide an opening. Perhaps the most important question, then, is whether the nation's largest carrier will continue to cede prepaid even as growth in the postpaid phone market plateaus. For now, at least, the answer seems to be yes. --Colin | @colin_gibbs
Wildlife
Monarch butterflies are in the media a lot lately, and it's not good news. What's really going on? Are the butterflies facing extinction? Our blogger breaks down the issue, including how you can make a difference.
Twenty years ago, monarch butterflies occupied so much area in Mexico during the winter you could see it from space. It totaled about 20 hectares, or almost 50 acres, with millions if not billions of butterflies clinging to trunks and branches of trees.
Today, that area is around 4 hectares. The previous year had 1.1 hectares, says Brice Semmens, Assistant Professor at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California San Diego.
Semmens was the lead author on “Quasi-extinction risk and population targets for the Eastern, migratory population of monarch butterflies” published recently in the journal Scientific Reports. It is one paper in a long line of sobering butterfly news.
The monarch likely won't ever become extinct, Semmens says. Small populations live scattered throughout Mexico, the central U.S. and Canada, and some were moved to places as far away as Hawaii and New Zealand.
But the massive eastern migrations between central Mexico and Canada that have inspired people for centuries could be lost.
Semmens' paper used expert opinion to determine how little occupied winter habitat in Mexico would be needed to sustain a viable migratory population – and at what point it simply may not bounce back.
The authors used estimates of extinction rates with various overwintering sizes, and conclude monarchs need about 6 hectares, or about 15 acres, to cut the risk in half.
But in order to understand how to boost overwintering numbers, people must first understand what hazards the eastern monarch faces.
Semmens and University of Minnesota monarch expert Karen Oberhauser recently walked the Cool Green Science Blog through each threat, as well as some possible solutions.
Habitat Loss
This one isn't a surprise. Many North American species face some kind of habitat loss, but the eastern monarch is struggling throughout its three-country migration route.
In the winter, the butterflies need insulated cover in the form of dense Mexican forests. While the area is protected by the Mexican government, its edges are still being eaten away by illegal logging.
But also critical are the other migratory stages. In each one between Mexico, the Midwestern U.S. and southern Canada, monarchs need milkweed. They can only reproduce with the flowering plant.
And since each annual migration might create four or even five generations of monarchs, less milkweed directly correlates to fewer butterflies, according to Oberhauser. Unfortunately, the plant has been effectively removed by the millions from most agricultural fields and neighboring areas throughout the Midwest.
“The hopeful thing is that monarchs can really use habitat in a lot of different places,” she says. “It's not like we're talking about spotted owls that need hundreds of acres of untouched forest. They can find a milkweed plant growing in a crack in a sidewalk.”
Climate Change
Monarchs suffer under drought and severe storms, two weather events becoming more common with climate change.
“If you imagine an EKG or something, a line going up and down, insect populations in general are very erratic,” says Oberhauser. “They are very driven by weather conditions and what we call stochastic variation, variation we don't have control over and can't predict.”
The biggest risk with storms is freezing to death. Butterflies can survive temperatures down to about 17 degrees Fahrenheit if the cold is dry. But temperatures of about 25F with rain often mean death. A single storm in 2002, for example, killed almost 80 percent of the monarch population.
“That year the population was pretty high,” Oberhauser says. “But two years ago when the population was down to under 1 hectare, if we lost 80 percent, the number might have been too small to be a viable population.”
Pesticides and Herbicides
Milkweed used to grow scattered throughout corn and soybean crops across the Midwest. But more efficient agriculture practices and products such as Roundup have nearly eliminated monarch habitat, according to Semmens.
“It's not that the use changed, it's still agriculture, but the weed control changed and made it hard for monarchs,” he says.
Monarchs are also suffering from something called neonicotinoids, a relatively new class of insecticides with poison growing in all tissues of the plant. They make the plant itself poisonous to insects.
So what can you do?
Leaders of all three North American countries have decided monarchs are a priority. As a result, the U.S. government, through the departments of the Interior and Agriculture, are creating strategic goals for increasing habitat.
The U.S. needs about 1.5 billion new stems of milkweed, or about 500 million new plants, to help reach the 6 hectare overwintering goal, says Wayne Thogmartin, a research ecologist with the USGS.
“It will require participation from all sectors of society,” he says. “If we try and rely on any single sector we won't reach our goals. If we say this is an agricultural problem and we need to rely on them to solve it, it won't get solved. If we say we will achieve this by having everyone plant milkweed in their backyard, it won't solve the problem. We need everyone's participation.”
But each person can make a difference.
Here are a few places the researchers suggest to start:
Revisions cover figures that include the trade gap with the rest of the world
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has admitted that a "processing error" has resulted in a multibillion pound overestimate of the UK's current account gap with the rest of the world.
It has discovered a mistake in the way it accounted for imports and exports of "erratic" goods such as gold, silver, precious stones, aircraft and ships.
That means the current account deficit - the gap between money flowing into and out of the country - is not as bad as was thought.
There were warnings about the scale of the current account deficit - which is large by international standards - in the run-up to the referendum.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney said concerns about Brexit could test the "kindness of strangers" that the UK relies on to fund the shortfall.
The full revisions cover 2015 and the first half of 2016 and in total mean the UK current account deficit was £10bn smaller than previously thought for that period.
It is £6.7bn smaller for last year, and £3.3bn for the first half of this year.
The revised figures show that the current account deficit for the second quarter of this year was 5.4%, not 5.9% as previously thought.
But the figures also suggest that this improvement will be partially reversed by revisions for the third quarter.
The gap between imports and exports - formally referred to as the trade deficit - has widened in the three months to the end of September and reached a record £17bn, which is £5.9bn worse than initially thought.
Fully updated figures will be published by the ONS on 23 December.
The ONS said its headline estimates of GDP were not affected.
The current account deficit is not the same as the Government's fiscal deficit - the gap between its spending and revenues which needs to be made up by borrowing.
In a report earlier this year, former Bank of England deputy governor Charles Bean said many UK statistics were "deficient" and the ONS needed to improve its capabilities.
Hundreds of thousands of college students are expected to be back in class this week after the provincial government passed back-to-work legislation Sunday to end a five-week strike by Ontario college faculty.
The Liberal government first attempted to introduce the six-page page bill Thursday evening after college faculty overwhelmingly rejected the College Employer Council's latest offer by 86 per cent.
But unanimous consent of all parties was needed, and the NDP refused, leading the government to introduce the legislation Friday. All parties agreed to a special weekend sitting to debate the bill.
It passed in Queen's Park Sunday afternoon 39-18.
Ontario's college strike is over after the provincial government passed back-to-work legislation during a rare weekend sitting. Hundreds of thousands of students are expected to return to class after the five-week strike by 12,000 college employees 2:23
NDP leader Andrea Horwath says while she's pleased students will be able to head back to class, she doesn't think this was the best option.
"For five weeks, Kathleen Wynne dragged her feet and didn't use the tools available to her and her minister to try to resolve this dispute earlier," she said after the vote.
But Advanced Education Minister Deb Matthews says intervening earlier was not an option.
"There is a very high bar. Collective bargaining is protected. The Supreme Court has ruled that you have to have a very, very good rationale, that the academic year [must be] in jeopardy. Had we gone before that final offer vote, this absolutely would have been challenged," she told reporters at Queen's Park.
Nonetheless, Horwath insists that this legislation won't assist with the underlying issues that led to the strike in the first place.
"We still have a broken college system to deal with where 70 per cent of the faculty are not earning decent wages, in other words, 70 per cent are working part-time and contract work, which is not the best for students in terms of their quality of education," she said.
Warren "Smokey" Thomas, president of the union representing college faculty, says he agrees but would still call the strike a win, referencing a task force the government has agreed to establish that will look at issues like the college's staffing model and precarious work.
Ontario's striking college faculty voted to reject a contract offer from the College Employer Council on Thursday. (Martin Trainor/CBC)
"It's a victory in the sense we've got the task force, we've been able to highlight precarious work, equal work for equal pay," he said.
In a news statement released Sunday, the government says all outstanding issues are to be negotiated in binding mediation-arbitration.
"The College Employer Council and OPSEU have five days to agree on a mediator-arbitrator, or one will be appointed by the Minister of Labour," the statement reads.
Plan to refund students
The colleges and their faculty have been back and forth trying to negotiate a deal for about five months.
The 12,000 professors, instructors, counsellors, and librarians have been on the picket line since Oct. 16. Students from across Ontario's 24 colleges have been outspoken during the strike, calling for refunds for time loss.
Matthews said that is the plan.
"So we have directed the colleges to set aside the net savings from the strike as they have not been paying faculty through the strike, and we will very soon be able to talk about how that money will be dispersed. It will be returned to students and those who are facing the greatest financial needs," she said.
The minister didn't say how much funds and what the timeline for a decision of refunds were.
Two fall journalism classes at California State University, Long Beach used class assignments to disparage conservatives, including one involving a homophobic and sexist GOP primary candidate named “Ronald Plump.”
According to two students that took Mass Media Ethics with Professor Christopher Knap last semester, their first exam asked them to sort through the ethical issues in several hypothetical scenarios.
"I found it to be an extremely vulgar attempt to indoctrinate students and smear Donald Trump.”
One scenario told students to imagine they work at a small conservative paper and are tasked with interviewing “boisterous reality-show figure” and GOP candidate “Ronald Plump,” an obvious play on Donald Trump.
In the scenario, “Plump” disparages a gay secretary in the office, asking, “Is your secretary a fag? Jesus Christ I could never stand to have a fag for a secretary,” and adding, “I want a hot babe with a short skirt and big tits to sit in my front office, not some homo.”
Students are tasked with exploring the “huge ethical dilemma” regarding whether or not to publish the seemingly off-the-record comments.
According to a syllabus for the course, the quiz was worth 25 points out of an available 500 for the class.
Students are also told in the syllabus that a course objective is to gain an “understanding of the need for increased sensitivity reporting on, communicating with, and marketing to diverse populations.”
One student, who wishes to remain anonymous, told Campus Reform that he found it hypocritical that the journalism department teaches them to remain unbiased in their stories yet “fail to follow what they teach.”
[RELATED: Columbia profs blame student suicides on Trump]
“I don't understand why it was necessary to attack our president on the first test of the semester in media ethics, but we can't expect anything else from leftist institutions like CSU Long Beach,” the student asserted.
"I found it to be an extremely vulgar attempt to indoctrinate students and smear Donald Trump,” the other student said.
The latter student says he experienced similar bias in his fall Media Law course with Professor Michael Park.
In Park's class, students are assigned quizzes and hypothetical cases throughout the semester which are worth 25 percent of the total grade. The hypotheticals are intended to “sharpen your critical analysis skills, and to further prepare you for exams.”
In one of the alleged hypotheticals provided to Campus Reform, students learn about a tea partier that is obsessed with President Barack Obama's national origin.
The tea partier, named Amber, is a staff member at a museum where popular paintings of Obama with the word “American” underneath are displayed.
Upon seeing one of the paintings, Amber yells “He is NOT an American!! He was born in Indonesia!!”
[RELATED: Obama scolds ‘coddled' liberal college students]
“She saw a good opportunity to raise some cash for her organization—the CSULB Tea Party—and to publicly ‘educate' the CSULB community about her belief that Obama is ‘not a true American,” the hypothetical continued, describing how Amber then took a photo of the Obama painting and crossed out the word “American,” replacing it with the word “FRAUD,” and sold copies of the altered photograph to raise money for the CSULB Tea Party.
The assignment ultimately asks students to determine whether Amber committed copyright infringement, or if altering the photo for the purpose of fundraising constitutes “fair use” of the material.
The student in the course decried the apparent attack on conservatives, explaining that his courses don't talk about leftists in the same disparaging manner.
“We're constantly told to be sensitive to others but there's no regard for the views of conservative students or the atmosphere these professors are creating for us,” the student told Campus Reform. “We are always portrayed negatively in lectures or assignment scenarios like this while there's zero criticism of leftist views”
Campus Reform reached out to Knap and Park to confirm the assignments and provide comment, but they did not respond. Spokespersons for CSULB likewise did not respond to several requests for comment.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey
Alison Green
While reports are mixed about whether the job market is getting any easier for recent graduates, one thing is certain: Too many students are graduating from college unprepared for the job search that awaits them. And part of the reason is that colleges aren't giving students the right guidance.
Here are eight things that colleges and universities can do to better prepare students to find jobs when they graduate:
1. Hire better-qualified career-center staff. Career-center staffers often don't have much work experience themselves, and what experience they do have is at the junior level. This is a disservice to students, who end up getting advice on getting hired from people who have never done any actual hiring themselves and don't have a first-hand understanding of what employers are looking for.
2. Stop with the outdated advice. Too many college career centers are dispensing outdated advice—telling students to use old-fashioned resume objectives, recommending aggressive follow-up phone calls that irritate and alienate employers, and other advice that doesn't work in today's market. Not only does this outdated knowledge not help students, in some cases, it actually harms their job-searching efforts.
3. Teach students how to network. Students often come out of college having heard that they should network, but not understanding what that means or how to do it. As a result, some new grads simply don't network at all, and others inadvertently use strategies that turn off their contacts.
4. Help students understand that a degree alone won't get them a job. Too many students graduate with the belief that their degree will lead straight to a job—setting the stage for a painful wake-up call when they realize that in most fields, a degree is simply a minimum qualification, not an instant pass to easy employment.
5. Teach students how to evaluate an employer. New grads often take the first job they can find, without asking any of their own questions to evaluate the work they'll be doing, the workplace culture, or the employer's financial stability. Colleges could help significantly by teaching students how to figure out if a potential employer or potential job is likely to be a good fit or not.
6. Start talking about careers long before graduation. Many students pick a major without fully understanding what jobs it will (and won't) qualify them for once they graduate, and then they're frustrated to learn that the major doesn't come with a clear career path or one that they're interested in following.
7. Teach students how the interview process works. Too many new grads have no idea what to expect from a hiring process or what each stage means. As a result, they're prone to think a job is in the bag when it's not, to mishandle something crucial like supplying references, or to make other mistakes related to inexperience.
8. Explain the supreme importance of working during college. Whether it's a job or an internship, students who come out of school with work experience on their resumes are at a significant advantage to students who only have classes and extracurricular activities to highlight. Students shouldn't learn this once they graduate, at which point it's too late to go back and change it. Schools should be making them aware of this from the start.
'I can still see the horror that made me flee Pakistan - in the haunted eyes of girls raised HERE': Nadira Naipaul exposes arranged marriages and honour killings in the UK
By NADIRA NAIPAUL
Campaigner: Nadira Naipaul, pictured, has witnessed first-hand the torture inflicted on women in Pakistan
When I married V. S. Naipaul and moved to England in 1996, I thought I had left the horror behind.
Pakistan had drained my resolve, and I was tired of fighting a losing battle. To me, England, for all its ills, was the promised land.
Instead, I have found the horror I fled has followed me here. It is all around, eroding the very core of everything Britain believes in.
I see it everywhere. In the haunted eyes of young Pakistani girls, brought up in Britain, who know nothing but a Westernised life: young women who work happily behind beauty counters in our department stores, yet must return home to parents who refuse to emerge from their cultural ghettos.
And who expect their daughters to accept traditional arranged marriages to distant cousins brought up in rural Pakistan.
Desperate to integrate, these young girls change their names to sound more British. They are happy to have white boyfriends, to go clubbing. They certainly do not want forced marriages.
When I talk to them they are seething with anger that their parents – some semi-literate – insist upon entrenching themselves in Muslim ghettos, erecting cultural barriers and refusing to integrate, rejecting any semblance of a British way of life.
I see the same anger in young Muslim men who desperately want to join the mainstream, but cannot because deeply traditional parents expect strict adherence to traditional Islamic family life. It is easy to see how the clash between the generations can become corrosive, how at its most destructive extreme it can culminate in ‘honour killings'.
Take the recent case in Warrington of Iftikhar and Farzana Ahmed, who murdered their Westernised daughter Shafilea, 17, because she refused to accept a forced marriage.
Honour killing: Iftikhar Ahmed, 52, and his wife Farzana, 49, of Warrington, Cheshire, suffocated their 17-year-old daughter Shafilea with a plastic bag because she refused an arranged marriage
Inside the courtroom: Iftikhar Ahmed stood impassively as the verdicts were given while his spouse wiped tears from her eyes with a tissue
Crucial evidence: The arrest of Alesha Ahmed ultimately led to the conviction of her parents Iftikhar and Farzana Ahmed (pictured)
For a decade, while in Pakistan, I wrote extensively about women enmeshed in the restrictions of Islamic law and traditions of honour. Witnessing the torture inflicted on women by husbands, fathers, brothers and even female relatives with the seeming sanction of Islam gradually transformed me into a borderline heretic. It took me years to realise how deeply ingrained these beliefs are. And how difficult it is to combat them.
The tales of two women affected me deeply. While living on my farm in rural Bahawalpur with my first husband, I met Rani, a young woman whose husband was one of my seasonal labourers. I employed her as a maid.
A few months later, we were visited by a minister in the government who was one of the biggest landowners in the area and an old friend of my husband. He arrived with an entourage demanding that I hand over Rani, her husband and her five-year-old son.
Unravelling: While being interviewed about the robbery, Alesha Ahmed revealed to detectives she had witnessed the murder of her sister Shafilea (pictured)
Rani had been a beautiful child. At the age of ten, her parents, tenants of the minister's grandfather, ‘gave' her to the old man. She was regularly sexually abused by the minister, his father and grandfather. The women of the house did not protest, provided the men were discreet.
But when Rani became pregnant they married her off to an old man who often beat her and her son.
A few years later Rani fell in love with a local boy and eloped with him and the child. Now the minister wanted her back.
What, I asked my husband, would happen if we handed her over? He told me they would strip her, tie her to a carriage wheel, flog her, then rape her. She would be defiled in public.
He insisted, however, that we must hand her over. Not to do so would offend an old family friend. If not chastised properly, it would encourage other women to question their lot.
My husband had been educated in England and was the scion of an old, respected family, yet he accepted such things. When he realised I wouldn't give Rani up, the minister said his ‘face must be saved'. He insisted upon taking the boy. Rani wailed like a banshee. The heartrending sight and sound of her has never left me.
On another occasion, a young woman was doused in petrol and set alight by her father and brother in front of her terrified mother and sisters because she would not marry a man who had abducted her. The family considered her defiled. She had stayed overnight with this man. She must marry him or they would be shamed. When she tried to run away, they murdered her.
These are extreme examples, but stark reminders of the hold these beliefs have on entrenched communities – communities that have, for five decades, been relocating to Britain.
So why, then, have successive Governments refused to acknowledge the incestuous cultures that have evolved in these ghettos? Why does no one challenge the existence of the so-called ‘Islamic Parliaments', with their retrogressive laws, that exist in cities such as Bradford and Leicester?
Time for change: Nadira Naipaul believes Muslim women, pictured here outside Bangor Street Community Centre in Blackburn, England, should not be forced to wear veils
In these cities, teams of vigilantes terrorise Pakistani communities. They turn up unannounced to homes, insisting that Ramadan is respected and checking that everyone has come to prayers. They force shops to close, they check that the community is fasting, that women wear the veil.
Let me be clear. No Muslim woman should be forced to wear a veil. No woman wore it in the era of the Prophet. These Muslims may see themselves as community champions, but they are fanatics who make life a misery for young people who want to integrate.
Security researchers have discovered a glaring security hole that exposes the home network password of users of a Wi-Fi-enabled video doorbell. The issue – now resolved – underlines how default configurations of IoT components can introduce easy to exploit security holes.
The Ring allows punters to answer people knocking on your door from your mobile phone, even when you're not at home. The kit acts as a CCTV camera, automatically activating if people approach your door, letting homeowners talk to visitors, delivery couriers and so on.
There's an optional feature that allows the kit to hook up to some smart door locks, so users can let guests into their home even when they aren't in. El Reg's review of the $200 device can be found here.
Security researchers at UK consultancy Pen Test Partners were impressed by this functionality but shocked when they carried out a security evaluation of the device.
The major component is the doorbell itself, which comes with electronics and battery and is fitted outside the house. The electronics are connected to a backplate which attaches the doorbell to the wall and can provide power from an AC source.
The device is secured outside a house using two commonly available Torx T4 screws, leaving it vulnerable to theft. Ring offer a free replacement if the kit is stolen, so homeowners are covered in that scenario (at least).
However that's not the end of the problems with the device. An easy attack makes it all too simple to steal a homeowner's Wi-Fi key. To do this, hackers would need to take the kit off the door mounting, flip it over and press the orange "set up" button.
“Pressing the setup button [puts] the doorbell's wireless module (a Gainspan wireless unit) into a setup mode, in which it acts as a Wi-Fi access point,” Pen Test Partners consultant David Lodge explains in a blog post.
The doorbell bundles a similar module to the Fitbit Aria bathroom scales and is subject to much the same wireless module-related vulnerability.
“By connecting to a web server running on the Gainspan unit, the wireless configuration is returned including the configured SSID and PSK in cleartext,” Lodge explained.
Something similar happens with the bathroom scales. The massive difference between the Fitbit Aria bug and this particular bug is that the doorbell is outside of the house, making potential attacks far easier.
Lodge writes: “The doorbell is only secured to its backplate by two standard screws. This means that it is possible for an attacker to gain access to the homeowner's wireless network by unscrewing the Ring, pressing the setup button and accessing the configuration URL.”
The configuration URL is simple, so the attack could be pulled off using only a mobile device and a screwdriver. The device could be screwed back on afterwards, all without leaving any visible signs of tampering, Lodge warns.
“This is quite a fail: walk up to door, remove doorbell, retrieve user's Wi-Fi key, own their network,” he concludes.
The Ring told El Reg that the issue had been resolved via a firmware update released months ago, but apparently not present on the kit tested by Pen Test Partners.
This security vulnerability was remedied with Ring's firmware update 1.5 on August 11, 2015. Ring is now on firmware version 1.6. Every time Ring is activated, whether with motion or a doorbell ring, it automatically searches for available firmware updates. If users are concerned that their firmware may not be up-to-date, they can trigger the Ring; once the call ends, the button will flash white if there is an update. Once it's done flashing, the firmware is updated.
Pen Test Partners bought the doorbell from Amazon in early December. “Even if we were working on old firmware, the issue still stands,” Pen Test Partners Ken Munro told El Reg. ®
Bill Clinton Admits That Mass Incarceration Stems From Policies Enacted During His Administration
President Bill Clinton on Wednesday, May 6, 2015, conceded that over-incarceration in the United States stems in part from policies passed under his administration.
Clinton signed into law an omnibus crime bill in 1994 that included the federal “three strikes” provision, mandating life sentences for criminals convicted of a violent felony after two or more prior convictions, including drug crimes. Clinton acknowledged that policy's role in over-incarceration in an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour.
“The problem is the way it was written and implemented is we cast too wide a net and we had too many people in prison,” Clinton said Wednesday. “And we wound up…putting so many people in prison that there wasn't enough money left to educate them, train them for new jobs and increase the chances when they came out so they could live productive lives.”
Clinton's comments come on the heels of protests in Baltimore over policing and the death of a young black man there and a week after Hillary Clinton delivered one of the first policy addresses of her presidential campaign on criminal justice reform, saying that the system focuses too much on incarceration.
“Keeping them behind bars does little to reduce crime, but it does a lot to tear apart families,” Hillary Clinton said. “Our prisons and our jails are now our mental health institutions.”
Your Black World's Dr. Boyce Watkins shares his thoughts on the former presidents too little, too late admission of his involvement in the mass incarceration on black men.
Related
Comments
Stokesosaurus (Stokes Lizard) is a Proceratosaurid from the late Jurassic 150mya. Very little is known about it as we only have a large right ilium for it. Proceratosaurids include dinosaurs such as Juratyrant, Sinotyrannus, Proceratosaurus, and Guanlong. The family is notably part of Tyrannosaur lineage.As little is known of Stokes Lizard it's easy to get artistic with it. This interpretation is of a nocturnal Stokesosaurus. Little room was present on the fern plains of Utah. Night made it the apex predator while Allosaurus and Saurophaganax were asleep. Males sport a display crest for the ladies with the skin of the crest being iridescent. Stokesosaurus will use moonlight in their dance to compete with rival males for the attention of females. Centering the dance around their shimmering muzzle.The Line art is by Leonardo Oliveira.We took to coloring our versions simultaneously. If you wish to see how his came out go to here austroraptor.deviantart.com/ar…
Reminder: Chelsea Manning Was Twice Driven To Suicide By A Regime That Tortures Whistleblowers
Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow May 17, 2017
As Chelsea Manning is finally released from a grueling, draconian imprisonment in which she was literally tortured by her own government for revealing the truth about its war crimes, I think it would be good for us all to keep at the front of our minds exactly what this heroic individual has been through. Yes, Manning's release is of course a cause for rejoicing, and we should all shower her with appreciation for what she did, but it needs to be pointed out here that we probably shouldn't expect too much of her going forward. I hope the press leave her alone, and I truly hope that activist groups refrain from attempting to recruit her to their many causes. I hope we keep our gratitude high and our expectations very low.
Chelsea Manning was tortured. Studies have shown that fifteen days of solitary confinement causes permanent psychological damage, and Manning was in solitary confinement for nearly a year. United Nations special rapporteur on torture Juan E. Mendez stated unequivocally that Manning's treatment was “cruel, inhuman and degrading,” and 295 legal scholars signed a letter declaring that she was being “detained under degrading and inhumane conditions that are illegal and immoral.”
Solitary confinement is classified as torture because human evolutionary programming is designed to send out uncomfortable distress signals when we are separated from our fellow primates to prompt us to rejoin the pack, in the exact same way it sends out uncomfortable distress signals when we step on something sharp to prompt us to avoid tissue damage. They're both forms of pain, forms of torment. We've all been somewhat isolated for short periods of time for various reasons, so it's hard to sympathize with how excruciating this type of torment can be, but that's only because we can't imagine going through it for so long.
Chelsea Manning was tortured, as surely as if they'd strapped her down and gone to work on her with fire and steel. As a result of the trauma they inflicted upon her, she attempted suicide last July. To punish her for her attempt to end her misery, they tortured her some more. She attempted suicide again in October.
So let's hope Chelsea Manning lives out the rest of her days in relative comfort, with plenty of soft sheets, puffy blankets, and foam pillows. Let's hope that she can find a way to heal the depraved, monstrous injuries which were inflicted upon her beautiful mind so that she can live those days unmolested by screaming inner demons. But to expect any more acts of heroism from her after the unforgivable things that her nation's government did to her would be unreasonable and unkind. She did her job. Miracles happen, but first and foremost we ought to be wishing her comfort, healing, and peace.
We should also keep in mind that the horrors which were unleashed upon Manning are still bullets in the chamber ready to be fired at the next brave soul who steps forward in a desperate attempt to rescue humanity from its madness. The current administration is showing no more signs of human decency when it comes to whistleblowers than the previous administration, which despite Obama's promise to protect whistleblowers and have the most transparent administration in history would go on to prosecute more whistleblowers than all previous administrations combined. Remarks made by CIA director Mike Pompeo about Julian Assange and transparency advocacy group WikiLeaks indicate that if anything this administration intends to be even more aggressive in pursuing and punishing truth-tellers than the previous one.
So feel free to point this out whenever you hear anyone smearing people like Julian Assange or Edward Snowden for “hiding away” and “evading justice”. They are not evading justice, they are evading torture, just as you or I or anyone else would, and they are right to do so. When you say that these people should turn themselves in, you are literally calling for someone to be tortured, because that is what your government does to people who tell the truth. Whatever their crimes, nobody deserves torture. Please make your government sane and just before you start demanding that people entrust themselves to its sanity and justice. Thank you in advance.
Check out this video for a closer look at what even a few days of solitary confinement can do to the human mind.
— — —
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please consider helping me out by sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or even tossing me some money on Patreon so I can keep this gig up.
APRIL 21--A Florida woman is facing a child abuse charge after allegedly driving her car with her 13-year-old son clinging to the vehicle's hood, police report.
According to Port St. Lucie cops, Bridget Garcia, 32, quarreled last night with her son after she took away his phone.
The boy was also upset that Garcia (seen at right) planned to leave him at the family's residence while she went out with her three other children.
In an attempt to keep his mother from driving away, the teen jumped on the hood of Garcia's Dodge (pictured below).
Instead of staying put, Garcia told police that she drove about 200 feet in reverse with her child atop the car. She then drove the car forward 200 feet.
But when Garcia braked in front of the residence, her son fell off the auto. The boy, cops reported, suffered “pain to his right hip and flank” and abrasions to his right knee and right foot. Garcia told police that she dialed 911 when she realized that her son was hurt.
Garcia, the boy, and two of his siblings were interviewed by police at Port St. Lucie's Tradition Medical Center, where the child was treated for his injuries.
Garcia was arrested at the hospital and later booked into the county jail. Court records show that her rap sheet includes a misdemeanor battery conviction, and two other battery arrests. (1 page)
The rising cost of living revealed: How young need 'twice the salary to match parents' lifestyle'
Young workers would need to earn twice as much to have the lifestyle their parents enjoyed at the same age, research reveals today.
The dramatic salary increase would make it easier for them to marry, buy a home and have children – choices within easier reach of earlier generations.
The report said the average twenty-something earns about £21,000 – but would require £40,000 to match their parents.
Struggle: Research has revealed that huge financial deficits facing young couples are resulting in them delaying key stages in life, such as buying a home
The massive financial deficit is forcing young people to delay key life stages, according to First Direct, the bank which commissioned the report.
‘Three in ten of their parents were married and on the property ladder by the age of 25,' it said. ‘But money worries mean the average young Briton today does not expect to pass these milestones until their mid-30s.'
Three in four of the 3,000 polled for the study agreed with the contention that today's young people ‘are the most financially pressured in history'.
One in five has postponed, or feels they should postpone, marriage plans. One in four is delaying having children.
OLDER WORKERS STRIPPED OF BENEFITS
Millions of older workers will be robbed of crucial insurance benefits under a rule change quietly announced by the Government yesterday. From April, bosses will be allowed to axe perks such as private medical cover, death-in-service benefits and life insurance for over-65s. The Department for Business says the ‘get-out clause' is necessary because more workers will carry on into their 70s following a rule change, also in April, that stops employers getting rid of workers at 65. Older staff are much more expensive, because they are more likely to call on a private medical insurance policy and lodge bigger claims. A healthy 20-year-old might pay a monthly premium of £28 compared with £88 for a 65-year-old, according to medical insurance firm Bupa. Daniel Barnett, an employment law barrister, said withdrawing benefits made business sense, but left employees at risk of losing their insurance benefits at the time they need them most. Neil Duncan-Jordan, of the National Pensioners Convention, said: ‘The default retirement age was hailed by many as a step forward. ‘But when you look at the small print, it is not nearly so good. In a way, these insurance changes are a way of forcing out older people.' A Department for Business spokesman said the exemption ensured group insurance schemes didn't become too risky or expensive for firms.
Nearly a third are even considering not having children at all ‘because they cannot afford to do so', according to First Direct which calls them ‘Generation Gap'.
By contrast the report suggested that most of their own parents had delayed no major life stages.
One of the biggest problems for twenty-somethings is the enormous cost of buying a property.
A couple who married in 1985 could have picked up a home for just £35,000 – the average price at the time and four times the average salary.
A child born to the couple two years later would now be 24 and need to find £163,000 for a similar house – eight times the average salary.
To make matters worse, the study shows that a university education would have left them with debts averaging £11,500. Taken together the financial pressures can make it all but impossible to buy a house or have a child.
Salaries are also under great pressure with a typical private sector worker able to expect a pay rise of only 1.7 per cent. State workers who get paid £21,000 or more are facing a two-year pay freeze.
The consequences for women can be devastating if money problems make them delay trying for children until they are in their late 30s and even 40s. By then, their chances of having a healthy baby have declined dramatically.
The research also showed that a typical parent, aged over 45, would have married around the age of 26, had their first child at the same time and bought their first home at the age of 27.
Housing minister Grant Shapps said this week that he was shocked by the revelation that the average age of a first-time buyer stands at 37 for those who do not receive financial help from their parents.
==========================================
Go back to previous page or be prepared for disappointment.
This series has been stopped at page 44 and won't be continued.Go back to previous page or be prepared for disappointment.
==========================================
Page 2:
First page:
Click here to read the full comic (English Version):
繁體中文版 (Traditional Chinese Version):
русская версия (Russian Version) by
=========================================
This is a fan made comic based on film Frozen and video game Disney Infinity.
A mystical person send Anna and Elsa to a modern world,
they have to team up with their new friends here,
find out who did this and find a way back to their own dimension!
=========================================
In case you don't know the characters in this comic:
Anna (Frozen)
Hans (Frozen)
Elsa (Frozen)
=========================================
Hi folks, I've redrawn page 1, the reason about this is to fix some "hole" in the story, this new version shows you about how did they get into the modern world, eh, a mystical portal appeared and pull them into it, they will
Versión española (Spanish version) por Kristoff (Frozen)Sven (Frozen)find out who did this and find a way back to their own world!Old page 1 here!
CHICAGO — By selling directly to Chinese consumers on Alibaba's platform, a move announced last week by the American retailer Costco Wholesale, it aims to employ local knowledge and a low-cost structure to avoid missteps that caused even Walmart, the world's largest retailer, to stumble in China.
Many global retailers opening in China have struggled to find product mixes and store designs that appeal to local customers. In addition to Walmart, others like Best Buy and eBay have fallen short of expectations in one of the fastest-growing consumer markets.
Costco's virtual storefront on the Alibaba site Tmall is designed to help the company study consumer shopping habits with no brick-and-mortar costs and fewer risks, signaling a new approach to expanding in China.
“This shows Costco has learned from the mistakes made by companies like Walmart and also those who were forced to exit the market, like Home Depot,” said Anjee Solanki, national director of retail services at Colliers International, a commercial real estate company.
Interrupt
Level 5 Re: Delver « Reply #1 on: March 01, 2012, 12:19:25 PM » I re-exported the project with different settings and cut the size by half, I believe I was including way more with the JAR than I really needed.
Probably also time for me to find some hosting space for my site instead of being cheap and doing it myself. Logged
SiENcE
Level 0 Re: Delver « Reply #2 on: March 01, 2012, 03:09:07 PM » I played the demo. It really reminds me of Ultima Underworld, one of my fav. games. The Water, the abysses.
Nice work! I'm looking forward Logged http://aeonofsands.com/ | http://blog.aeonofsands.com/ | http://crankgaming.blogspot.com
DrDerekDoctors
Level 8
THE ARSEHAMMERLevel 8 Re: Delver « Reply #3 on: March 01, 2012, 03:14:47 PM »
EDIT: Played it now. Wow. It's like you reached into my brain and made the game I've always wanted to me. I mean obviously it's early days, but criminy! It's got all the ingredients!
I shan't nitpick just yet (other than to say it's a bit blimmin' dark!), I shall just watch this project with utterly rapt interest. Well this looks like a big ol' pile of delicious crack to me! Downloading!EDIT: Played it now. Wow. It's like you reached into my brain and made the game I've always wanted to me. I mean obviously it's early days, but criminy! It's got all the ingredients!I shan't nitpick just yet (other than to say it's a bit blimmin' dark!), I shall just watch this project with utterly rapt interest. « Last Edit: March 01, 2012, 03:21:59 PM by DrDerekDoctors » Logged
http://pigignorant.com/ Me, David Williamson and Mark Foster do an Indie Games podcast. Give it a listen. And then I'll send you an apology.
Interrupt
Level 5 Re: Delver « Reply #4 on: March 01, 2012, 04:25:23 PM » Quote from: DrDerekDoctors on March 01, 2012, 03:14:47 PM I shan't nitpick just yet (other than to say it's a bit blimmin' dark!), I shall just watch this project with utterly rapt interest.
Yeah the darkness is a problem on some monitors, will need a gamma slider eventually. I'd also like dynamic lighting if I can swing it and have it work on Android so that the player can carry a torch around and to make fancy spell-slinging effects. Yeah the darkness is a problem on some monitors, will need a gamma slider eventually. I'd also like dynamic lighting if I can swing it and have it work on Android so that the player can carry a torch around and to make fancy spell-slinging effects. Logged
Player 3
Level 10 Re: Delver « Reply #5 on: March 01, 2012, 05:52:35 PM » The reason I remember this is because I also just heard "Notch" released the source code to his Ludum Dare entry. I presume this builds upon said code? Logged
Interrupt
Level 5 Re: Delver « Reply #7 on: March 01, 2012, 10:06:19 PM » Quote from: Player 3 on March 01, 2012, 05:52:35 PM The reason I remember this is because I also just heard "Notch" released the source code to his Ludum Dare entry. I presume this builds upon said code?
The initial version of this engine was me watching the saved livestream of Notch writing the Prelude of the Chambered raycaster after the fact and going "Hey, I could do that". It took me alot longer than it took him, and that was with the benefit of being able to follow along. Since then I've ditched that software raycaster in favor of OpenGL.
I did shamelessly steal his AABB collision algorithm, one of the neat tricks I learned from his Livestream. The initial version of this engine was me watching the saved livestream of Notch writing the Prelude of the Chambered raycaster after the fact and going "Hey, I could do that". It took me alot longer than it took him, and that was with the benefit of being able to follow along. Since then I've ditched that software raycaster in favor of OpenGL.I did shamelessly steal his AABB collision algorithm, one of the neat tricks I learned from his Livestream. Logged
Interrupt
Level 5 Re: Delver « Reply #9 on: March 02, 2012, 05:03:34 PM »
Original: no player light, dark blueish ambient
Original + Player torch
Player torch, no ambient light
I like the cold look of the original, but the warmer torch and no ambient version is appealing as well. Playing around with lighting color schemes and dynamic lights today.Original: no player light, dark blueish ambientOriginal + Player torchPlayer torch, no ambient lightI like the cold look of the original, but the warmer torch and no ambient version is appealing as well. Logged
Paul Jeffries
Level 3 Re: Delver « Reply #10 on: March 02, 2012, 06:20:31 PM » This looks really cool - but I can't seem to play it. Clicking on that link just takes me to a blank page called 'Shhhh' and it doesn't seem to be loading anything. It's just Java, right? So I shouldn't need any special plugins or anything? Logged www.vitruality.com | SPARTAN - Small Pixel Art Animator and procedural tile generator
deathtotheweird Guest
Re: Delver « Reply #11 on: March 02, 2012, 06:44:08 PM » not working for me either, same issues as above. firefox 10 is that matters Logged
Interrupt
Level 5 Re: Delver « Reply #12 on: March 02, 2012, 06:50:28 PM » Yeah, just java. I've seen that on one of my own computers, seems to be a bug in LibGdx running the LwJgl applet on some computers where it runs clean but doesn't render anything. As a workaround I could put up a download link to the runnable Jar file. Logged
schipman
Level 0 Re: Delver « Reply #13 on: March 02, 2012, 06:53:43 PM » Ultima Underworld is by far my favorite RPG of all time- and combining it with a roguelike is gonna be awesome!
Good luck with this project! Logged
http://www.schipman-design.com @scottychips on Twitter
PompiPompi
Level 10 Re: Delver « Reply #14 on: March 02, 2012, 09:56:02 PM » Hmm, I played it a bit. Was there anything else to do except stabbing those thieves and throwing skulls? Also, what does those brown rat(?) things do? I couldn't hit them and it seemed as if they slow me down or something. But that might be just my impression. Logged Master of all trades.
JigxorAndy
Working on Dungeon Dashers
Level 6Working on Dungeon Dashers Re: Delver « Reply #15 on: March 03, 2012, 12:48:13 AM »
I did however run into a bug where an enemy hit me when my back was close to a wall. I got stuck in the wall and couldn't move (I could also see through the wall/clipped through it).
Keep it up! I downloaded it and gave it a go. It's pretty fun so far. I really like the atmosphere, and the lighting you've done has helped a lot with that.I did however run into a bug where an enemy hit me when my back was close to a wall. I got stuck in the wall and couldn't move (I could also see through the wall/clipped through it).Keep it up! Logged Steam Store Twitter / Dungeon Dashers: Website
peous
Indie opportunist
Level 2Indie opportunist Re: Delver « Reply #16 on: March 03, 2012, 08:57:08 AM »
Tested a bit; my mouse don't work, don't know if you handle it yet but it's painful keyboard-only. Anyway, it seems quite nice, but maybe you could use the lights more (for example make some dynmaic lights, on monsters or so) as it seems it's the main feature you're working on.
Technically speaking, I don't really get how lights around, the area does not seem round, but there is not shadow either... I'm confused.
By the way I also played the other version
Good luck! HiTested a bit; my mouse don't work, don't know if you handle it yet but it's painful keyboard-only. Anyway, it seems quite nice, but maybe you could use the lights more (for example make some dynmaic lights, on monsters or so) as it seems it's the main feature you're working on.Technically speaking, I don't really get how lights around, the area does not seem round, but there is not shadow either... I'm confused.By the way I also played the other version http://www.intrrpt.com/projects/crawl.html , that seems different (more monsters ?) and it's really hard !!Good luck! Logged
OSome Studio - White Night | SpaceBeam DevLog
Interrupt
Level 5 Re: Delver « Reply #17 on: March 03, 2012, 09:53:26 AM » Quote from: PompiPompi on March 02, 2012, 09:56:02 PM Hmm, I played it a bit. Was there anything else to do except stabbing those thieves and throwing skulls? Also, what does those brown rat(?) things do? I couldn't hit them and it seemed as if they slow me down or something. But that might be just my impression.
Right now there's not much to do besides making it to the third floor, where that maze is. I think that maze level will be where things start being randomly generated, and the first two floors will be static tutorial areas.
The rats are a test of non-hostile critters, they're basically decorative. Thought it would be nice to have small bugs and things crawling around.
Quote from: peous on March 03, 2012, 08:57:08 AM Technically speaking, I don't really get how lights around, the area does not seem round, but there is not shadow either... I'm confused.
Since my levels are at a basic level 2d grids like in any roguelike, I can use common techniques like line of site to have the lights up the world on a per-tile basis. I didn't like the hard edges between tiles, so I've just blended them by increasing the lightmap resolution by 4 and using those per tile vertex.
That other version is the first software raycast iteration, back then before you could knock enemies back. Need to find a balance, right now combat feels too easy. Right now there's not much to do besides making it to the third floor, where that maze is. I think that maze level will be where things start being randomly generated, and the first two floors will be static tutorial areas.The rats are a test of non-hostile critters, they're basically decorative. Thought it would be nice to have small bugs and things crawling around.Since my levels are at a basic level 2d grids like in any roguelike, I can use common techniques like line of site to have the lights up the world on a per-tile basis. I didn't like the hard edges between tiles, so I've just blended them by increasing the lightmap resolution by 4 and using those per tile vertex.That other version is the first software raycast iteration, back then before you could knock enemies back. Need to find a balance, right now combat feels too easy. « Last Edit: March 03, 2012, 11:34:23 PM by Interrupt » Logged
Which are the most successful indie games of all time?
Thanks to modern technology, a lot of gamers around the world have access to indie games and developers. A few decades ago this wouldn't be possible, but now we get to enjoy the product of others who are passionate enough to create a game despite multiple restraints. A lot of the AAA titles we enjoy today were once indie games as well with their developers relatively unknown. This list showcases games that have proven themselves both financially and critically.
One of the things that games can take advantage of is the use of digital platforms. Games can now be available through paying for them online and downloading them. This lessens the amount of money needed to make a profit from creating a video game as there is no longer a need for a physical release. There are extremes however, as some games prove too expensive for their worth, while others are worth every penny you spend. If you're a console gamer, then you should check out the 10 best PS4 and Xbox games for the money.
For this list of most successful indie games of all time, we take into account both the financial success of a video game and its critical acclaim, a similar method people use to rate films. All of the games on this list are available through the platform Steam, which is why we can use statistics websites such as Steam Spy to get the information on how many copies of each game have been purchased. The more units sold, the higher the amount of money a video game company earns.
For the other metric, we take into account how good the reviews are for each game. While there are many review articles and videos available online, we have the website Metacritic that compiles reviews and weighs them accordingly. This gives us a more accurate rating of each video game. If multiple ratings are available, then we take the average of all of them. Now that we've settled that, let us head to the list of 11 most successful indie games of all time:
11. Kerbal Space Program
Units Sold: 1.5 million
Metacritic Score: 79.67
In Kerbal Space Program, you are tasked with your own space program, hoping to create your own spacecraft that can fly into space without killing its crew. You are given various parts which you have to assemble to create a ship. There are numerous things to discover in the game both in building your ship, and exploring space. The game also offers various game modes, such as Career mode which you are given missions to complete.
10. Prison Architect
Units Sold: 1.7 million
Metacritic Score: 79
Prison Architect ranks 10th in our list of most successful indie games of all time. It is a simulation game created by Introversion Software. In the game, you construct and manage your own prison, controlling various aspects of the structure. You hire staff, guards, workers, and hope to control the prisoners. The game was successfully crowdfunded which is a testament to its popularity among gamers.
9. Hotline Miami
Units Sold: 1.6 million
Metacritic Score: 85.67
If there was one word to describe Hotline Miami, it would be crazy. From the plot, to the fast paced action, Hotline Miami that's up next in our list of most successful indie games of all time is the definition of a short yet sweet experience. It is also quite unforgiving as when you die you have to repeat the entire level all over again. The game is set in 1989 Miami and has a very surreal treatment coupled with influences from the 1980s.
8. Mark of the Ninja
Units Sold: 1.1 million
Metacritic Score: 90.5
We are continuing our list of most successful indie games of all time with Mark of a Ninja, that is a side-scrolling stealth game where you play a nameless ninja at present times. This game does great justice to the mostly ignored stealth genre in video games. It got a lot of critical acclaim, with reviews citing praise for various aspects including graphics, audio, and gameplay. The game also does a great job of mixing modern technology to the ancient ways of the ninja.
7. Papers, Please
Units Sold: 1.3 million
Metacritic Score: 88.5
Who knew becoming an immigration officer would become an exciting experience in video game form? In Papers, Please, you play an immigration offer from the fictional country of Arstotzka, and you are tasked to check the papers of various people trying to get into the country. The pressure of trying to work a decent amount to feed the family, while trying to keep your humanity is done to great effect in the game.
6. Don't Starve
Units Sold: 3.5 million
Metacritic Score: 79
Don't Starve is a survival video game with one goal, to not starve. The game features roguelike elements meaning that once you die you have to repeat the game all over again. The goal of the players is to survive the longest possible, gathering materials, crafting items, and hopefully surviving the harsh elements. Creatures also lurk in the area, adding to the game's theme. Don't Starve is one of the indie games with the highest number of units sold making it deserving of a spot at the 11 most successful indie games of all time.
5. The Binding of Isaac
Units Sold: 2.5 million
Metacritic Score: 84
Another roguelike, The Binding of Isaac is inspired by biblical themes and stories. In the game, you play Isaac, who must fight to survive the monster-filled basement after he tries to run away from his religiously delusional mother. The game features a lot of unlockable content and multiple combinations of items can be made. The success of this game prompted a remake which was released in 2014. And now, let's see the top four entries in our list of most successful indie games of all time.
4. The Stanley Parable
Units Sold: 1.8 million
Metacritic Score: 88
This game ranks 4th in our list of most successful indie games of all time. It started out as a free mod for Half-Life 2. It had gotten so much popularity that they created a new stand-alone game which featured new story elements and a lot more content. The Stanley Parable is one of the games that popularized a more narrative style instead of typical gameplay. Humor was also one of the biggest factors that contributed to this game's success.
3. Super Meat Boy
Units Sold: 2 million
Metacritic Score: 86.25
Up next in our list of most successful indie games of all time is Super Meat Boy, that is probably one of the earliest video games to have successfully broken into the mainstream market. It was originally an Internet Flash game entitled Meat Boy before it was developed into a console and PC game. In the game, you control Meat Boy, a cube-shaped character that attempts to save his girlfriend from an antagonist. The game features level which the player has to avoid hazards to get to the next area.
2. Undertale
Units Sold: 1.7 million
Metacritic Score: 92
Undertale was created to be a parody of role-playing games. Despite that, it is a very in-depth RPG on its own, gathering critical acclaim for its play on mainstream video games. In the game, you control a human child that's trapped in a region filled with monsters that are not entirely bad. Undertale has won numerous Game of the Year awards from various publications.
1. Limbo
Units Sold: 2.2 million
Metacritic Score: 88.5
Limbo starts off as a very mysterious game, in that you have to keep playing to truly understand the game and the story. It is a puzzle game, wherein the player controls a boy tackling various obstacles before moving to the next area. The game features a black and white theme coupled with an eerie atmosphere. Limbo was so successful that it was named the third highest selling game on Xbox Live during the year of its release, a great feat for an indie game. With its success financially and critically, there is no doubt of its position at the top of the 11 most successful indie games of all time.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. (WTVR) -Lewis Reynolds is an American hero. He fought in Korea, in Vietnam, and later worked for the FBI.
Although Virginia was perfectly fine with him having those jobs, when Reynolds was 13-years-old the Commonwealth was uncomfortable with him fathering children, and so they sterilized him.
"Everybody has got a family and I want one too," Reynolds said. "My brothers got a family - I'm the only one who doesn't have one."
Beginning in 1924, Virginia authorized institutions to sterilize citizens with diagnosed mental illnesses.
The Act, passed by the General Assembly on March 20, 1924, said "heredity plays an important part in the transmission of insanity, idiocy, imbecility, epilepsy and crime."
Reynolds was thought to have had epilepsy.
Now some legislators want the victims that are still living to be compensated. Virginia would be the first state to compensate victims of sterilization if it passes.
Two state lawmakers, from opposite sides of the aisle, joined forces Tuesday to support a bill (HB 1529) that would provide money to Virginians who were victims to a state-run forced sterilization program.
"Beginning in 1924, Virginia, to its disgrace, provided a model for Nazi eugenics sterilization statute," Del. Bob Marshall (R - Manassas) said in a statement. "Now in the 21st century we must seek to redress this as best we can."
"Many of the victims of this policy of involuntary sterilization are still alive and suffering the effects," Marshall said.
"It's now time to write the final chapter in this shameful and repugnant part of Virginia's history," Del. Patrick Hope (D - Arlington) added. "What we're asking for goes well-beyond just simple words of regret."
"We need to set an example and take full responsibility for our actions so that the healing process can finally begin," said Del. Hope.
The state's sterilization program was in effect between 1924 and 1979. The bill calls for the state to pay up to $50,000 per claim.
The Democratic Caucus has endorsed the proposal, GOP leadership has yet to take a position. Delegate Marshall wants one million set aside for compensation.
Click here for information for victims or to sign up for more information or you can call 1-888-643-7497.
A police department in Canada is taking an unusual approach to curb drunk driving over the holidays by threatening to force offenders to listen to Nickelback.The Kensington Police Service posted an image of Nickelback's "Silver Side Up" album to Facebook and explained they expected to see more drinking and driving over the holiday season."...The Kensington Police Service will be out for the remainder of year looking for those dumb enough to feel they can drink and drive. And when we catch you, and we will catch you, on top of a hefty fine, a criminal charge and a year's driving suspension, we will also provide you with a bonus gift of playing the office's copy of Nickelback in the cruiser on the way to jail," the police department wrote on Facebook.Authorities urged drivers to have a designated driver, have a number to a cab company handy, or plan to stay over at a friend's place.But for those who choose to drink and drive, the police department said it had just the right gift."Now, now, no need to thank us, we figure if you are foolish enough to get behind the wheel after drinking then a little Chad Kroeger and the boys is the perfect gift for you," the police department wrote on Facebook. "So please, let's not ruin a perfectly good unopened copy of Nickelback. You don't drink and drive and we won't make you listen to it."Nickelback, a rock band formed in Canada, shot to fame in the early 2000s with songs such as "Photograph" and "Rockstar."
The election media circus is in full swing, and its ringleader is none other than the wiry-haired Vermont senator that has captivated liberal hearts: Bernie Sanders. His campaign has achieved nationwide recognition with a grassroots movement, overtaking Democratic party frontrunner Hillary Clinton in key states like Iowa and New Hampshire. Though he may be the underdog, Sanders has led his campaign to unprecedented success on the national stage. But perhaps what is even more important is the engine that drives Sanders's political machine — the Internet. The Internet's vital role in political affairs isn't a new phenomenon. Anyone can tell you about Twitter's role in the Arab Spring or Black Lives Matter demonstrators using Facebook to organize rallies and protests. Barack Obama's clever use of YouTube and other social media sites to rally supporters and broadcast his message put him ahead of his opponents in 2008. However, while the Obama campaign was carefully crafted and optimized for maximum exposure, the Sanders campaign is an almost entirely different beast.
Support for Sanders predates even his presidential announcement; a “Sanders for President” subreddit was created in late 2013 to garner support on the relatively remote chance that Sanders would run. The subre-
ddit now has more than 100,000 subscribers and connects readers with resources and organizers. Freelance coders helped build the Sanders campaign a website, created websites dedicated to winning Sanders the nomination and slowly but surely helped to swell the ranks in the grassroots movement that the campaign has become known for.
The point is not simply that Sanders has attracted attention online, but the Internet itself has facilitated a new era of political mobilization. It is a natural consequence of the desire to effect change in a world where convenience is king. From their laptops and phone screens, activists now have a way of drawing people to their cause almost instantaneously. The Internet is now an indispensible tool for political organizing.
It helps that the kinds of people who get their news online are young and tech-savvy. The 2008 and 2012 elections represented a turning point in voter demographics; an uncommonly large upswell in young voters helped to sway the election in the Democrats' favor. That trend will continue well into the future, and as younger Americans become politically active irrespective of their position on the political spectrum, it looks more and more likely that their platform of choice will be online. Americans are no longer content with simply absorbing information; they now want to take part in an active dialogue with the candidates for political office. Any candidate hoping to capture this increasingly active sector of the electorate will have to learn to use the internet in the way that Sanders has.
Opinions expressed on the editorial pages are not necessarily those of WSN, and our publication of opinions is not an endorsement of them.
A version of this article appeared in the Monday, September 14th print edition. Email Emily Fong at [email protected]
A rep stated, "Sulli was originally in the set up for the poster shoot but didn't go through with it. Joo Won, Ahn Jae Hyun, and Park Se Young participated in the shoot and we will probably be editing Sulli in the poster separately through photoshop. Because she has halted promotions, we are not sure whether she will be attending movie promotions or not. We are looking into the matter."1. [+83, -8] Aigoo, if it isn't the princess-nim? Does she think her world is some important global phenomenon? ㅋㅋㅋ Not only is she hurting her group but her agency over too. She should leave and go get married. She acts as if she's the only one dating in this world. ㅋㅋㅋ2. [+71, -4] Just stop being a celebrity3. [+63, -4] And yet she still has time to go on dates.. what a mess she's creating for everyone;;4. [+20, -1] She's not even a top star... Actually, even top stars don't go around acting like this ㅋㅋㅋ Don't come back out once this movie is over. Her acting sucked in 'The Pirates' too. No talent, no work ethic, no morals... ㅋㅋ5. [+12, -0] The result of a looks-oriented society... People loved her just for being pretty and look what happened?6. [+11, -1] I suggest she retires;7. [+11, -1] She thinks she's some global princess. If she wanted to act so bad, why isn't she acting? She hates this, she hates that, what does she want? Do you realize how many people you're hurting with your actions? What's wrong with her?8. [+8, -0] Thought she wanted to go into acting and was putting up with being an idol but I guess that wasn't the case either
A Philippine Marine and US military official inspect a new M4 carbine during a weapons and equipment delivery from the Joint US Military Assistance Group. Photo from US Embassy Manila
MANILA — The United States on Monday handed over to the Philippine Marines new weapons and equipment, including rifles, pistols and combat boats in support of the military's counter-terrorism campaign.
The weapons transfer was held at the Marines' headquarters in Taguig City just as the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) continued operations against Islamist militants in Marawi City, where the fighting has entered its second week.
The US announced the deliveries just days after President Duterte vowed to procure only new hardware for the military as he again blasted the Americans for selling or giving secondhand defense equipment to the Philippines.
In a statement, the US Embassy in Manila said the new gear would enhance the military's counterterrorism capabilities and "help protect Philippine Marines actively engaged in counterterrorism operations in the southern Philippines."
Among weapons handed over to the Marines were 300 M4 carbines, 200 Glock 21 pistols, four M134D Gatling-style machine guns, and 100 M203 grenade launchers.
The deliveries arrived last month at the Clark Air Base in Pampanga and were formally turned over to the Philippine military on Monday.
On May 30, the US also delivered 25 new Combat Rubber Raiding Craft (CRRC) with outboard motors for the Marine's Inshore Boat Battalion and Marine Special Operations Group.
The Embassy said the Philippine Marine units "have already employed previous U.S. Counterterrorism Train and Equip gear in ongoing combat operations in the southern Philippines," an apparent reference to ongoing operations in Marawi City.
The AFP is undertaking operations to flush out remaining members of the ISIS-linked Maute and Abu Sayyaf groups in the southern city. Firefights began on May 23 as government troops moved to arrest Abu Sayyaf's Isnilon Hapilon, known to be the anointed leader of ISIS in Southeast Asia.
The conflict has displaced thousands and has left at least 175 dead, including 120 terrorists, 36 state forces, and 19 civilians.
The Joint United States Military Assistance Group (JUSMAG) has provided P7.3-billion in military equipment to the AFP since 2007 to enhance counterterrorism capabilities, the Embassy said.
The US government has also allocated P15-billion in grant funding for equipment provisions to the Philippine military over the last five years, the Embassy said.
The AFP has meanwhile procured small-arms weapons, water craft, unmanned aerial vehicles, and personal protective equipment from the US government.
"The equipment transfers and continued bilateral training and exercises demonstrate the commitment of the United States to work with the Philippines towards building safer communities and eradicating global terror networks," said the US, a Philippine treaty ally.
The weapons handover came despite recent hitches in Philippine-US relations, with President Duterte pursuing an "independent foreign policy" that deviated from the country's long-standing alliance with America, shifting instead to non-traditional allies such as China and Russia.
Last month, the Philippines signed a defense pact with Russia. It has also expressed interest in acquiring military equipment from China even as Beijing stepped up militarization and island-building activities in the disputed South China Sea, undermining the Philippines' claims.
In November last year, meanwhile, the US State Department stopped its sale of rifles to the Philippine National Police after US Senator Ben Cardin opposed the move, citing concern over alleged human rights violations in Duterte's war on drugs.
Cardin and his fellow Senator Marco Rubio also filed a bill last month seeking to block arms exports to the Philippines citing their opposition to the war on drugs.
Within her first month, she crumbled under the pressure. After she went to visit the hospital counselor—sobbing through the appointment—a few of her fellow residents told her to suck it up. Feeling frazzled and helpless just comes with the first year territory, they said. It's a rite of passage. In his memoir Intern, the New York cardiologist Sandeep Jauhar describes residency as “brutal, like a kind of hazing.”
Choosing whether or not to share these concerns with supervisors can be difficult, says a resident in family medicine at a New England hospital. She cites a common fear among residents: that their honesty will lead more senior doctors to write them off entirely. “They don't want you to show any weakness,” she says. “You almost need to be a robot.” Her anxiety is affecting her daily work. “I'm exhausted because of the existential crisis playing out in my head every minute.”
Two centuries ago, aspiring physicians in the U.S. could just hang a shingle and begin cutting people open with little formal training. As the skeleton of America's medical-education system emerged—medical schools, exams, and residency and fellowship programs—physicians had to follow a standardized procedure to become licensed. And as much as this system teaches them how to be doctors, it also teaches them how to operate within the medical profession—a lesson that can leave new doctors crippled by fatigue, emotional stress, and self-doubt, affecting their abilities to take care of themselves and their patients. Some in the medical community believe that there must be a better way to do it.
* * *
When they graduate from medical school, newly minted physicians are prepared to recall minute details about a litany of illnesses—but not necessarily confident managing the symptoms. In his memoir The Real Doctor Will See You Shortly: A Physician's First Year, Matt McCarthy describes the “tectonic shift” from laboratories to hospital life: Throughout much of his rotation in general surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital, where he practiced suturing banana peels back together in his free moments, McCarthy felt unprepared to deal with the onslaught of diseased bodies.
If he had been asked to “recite pages from a journal article on kidney chemistry or coagulation cascades, I could've put on quite a show,” he writes. “But I hadn't learned much of the practical business of keeping people alive, skills like drawing blood or putting in a urinary catheter.”
Many brand-new doctors are painfully aware of the gaps in their knowledge—and in fact, that recognition can be paralyzing. Jauhar refers to his first year of residency as a “disillusioning time.” He writes, “I spent much of it in a state of crisis and doubt.”
Feelings of hopelessness appear to be fairly widespread among medical students and early-career doctors. The worrying combination of plummeting self-worth, and emotional fatigue has reached “epidemic levels,” according to a survey conducted at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. Researchers found that approximately 70 percent of residents met the diagnostic criteria for burnout.
Image caption Clostridium sporogenes cannot grow where there is oxygen
A bacterium found in soil is a showing promise as a way of delivering cancer drugs into tumours.
Spores of the Clostridium sporogenes bacterium can grow within tumours because there is no oxygen.
UK and Dutch scientists have been able to genetically engineer an enzyme into the bacteria to activate a cancer drug.
Experts said it would be some time before the potential benefits of the work - presented to the Society of Microbiology - were known.
The work is being presented to the society's autumn conference at the University of York.
The spores grow only within solid tumours, such as breast, brain and prostate tumours and not in other tissue in the body, where oxygen is present.
Healthy tissue 'unscathed'
Researchers have been investigating the possibilities of clostridium "vectors" to deliver cancer drugs for decades.
This is a totally natural phenomenon, which requires no fundamental alterations and is exquisitely specific Professor Nigel Minton, University of Nottingham
The scientists from the University of Nottingham and Maastricht University were able to genetically engineer an improved version of an enzyme into C.sporogenes.
In animal tests, a drug was also injected into the bloodstream which becomes active only when it is triggered by this enzyme.
It then destroys only the cells in its vicinity - the tumour cells.
Professor Nigel Minton, who led the research, said: "Clostridia are an ancient group of bacteria that evolved on the planet before it had an oxygen-rich atmosphere and so they thrive in low oxygen conditions.
"When Clostridia spores are injected into a cancer patient, they will only grow in oxygen-depleted environments, ie the centre of solid tumours.
"This is a totally natural phenomenon, which requires no fundamental alterations and is exquisitely specific.
"We can exploit this specificity to kill tumour cells but leave healthy tissue unscathed."
The team are now planning to work with other researchers on patient trials, due to start in 2013.
Nell Barrie, senior science information officer at Cancer Research UK, said: "Finding ways to target treatments to cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unharmed is a key aim of researchers around the world.
"But it's a difficult problem to solve, especially because every cancer is different. This particular approach hasn't yet been tested in patients so it will be some time before researchers know whether it will offer real benefits."
Iran FM to discuss new peace plan on Syria visit
TEHRAN - Agence France-Presse
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. AFP Photo
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif will visit Syria on August 12 and discuss a "new plan" by the Islamic republic to help resolve the conflict there, his spokeswoman said.Iran is President Bashar al-Assad's main regional ally, providing him with both financial and military support.It will be Zarif's first visit to Damascus since Tehran signed a nuclear deal with world powers on July 14, and comes as part of a regional tour.During his visits, he will raise "Iran's new plan to help solve the Syrian issue", Marzieh Afkham said.On August 11 he was beginning a regional tour in Lebanon, after a previously scheduled trip to Turkey was postponed.The Syria crisis is a cause of dispute between Iran and Turkey, with Tehran accusing Ankara of letting weapons and rebels through its border with Syria."Zarif's second regional tour starts today (August 11) with a visit to Beirut to touch on bilateral issues, regional events, and the terrorism and extremism crisis," Afkham told state news agency IRNA.Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian said last week that Tehran would submit a new Syria peace plan to the United Nations.Afkham said the plan was based on "respect for the Syrian people's legitimate right to reforms and to decide their own future".It also rejected "using terrorism for political ends" as well as "foreign interference in the Syrian government's independent policies".
Heey Wickd here.
I just wanted to tell you all that even tho we sadly lost gamescom i had so much fun. I am really happy that Methis came to Gamescom aswell because she took so many cool pictures, and i thought that i should share them with everyone. So thanks to Methis for all these pictures. I hope you guys enjoy them, and maybe that you laugh a bit.
http://methis.imgur.com/gamescom_2011_faces#i5nYr
leave comments below about what you think, and if you like all these pictures.
Everyone who is good at changing pics please make some cool stuff and post it here i will make a list.
all the cool photoshopped pics!
Methis summed up alot of the troll pics here. http://methis.imgur.com/league_of_legends_trolls#mH78q
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/835/xro5zh.jpg/ abhorsen being jelly
http://i.imgur.com/7n32g.jpg Oce WTF! BRO
http://i.imgur.com/6jF7I.jpg ****ing interviewer
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/810/zleech.jpg/ snoopeh vs sleazy NP
http://imgur.com/Igd3K Oce´´s dream team l0l
http://i51.tinypic.com/2sb8lcp.jpg Cute oce
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/835/a0d0fh.jpg/ WTF Sleazy and Snoopeh? REALLY
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/713/6a3g3h.jpg/ Cyanide Shushei and Sleazy enjoying there time<3
http://i.imgur.com/EqnsL.jpg Zenon and oce so dirty while commentating!
http://i.imgur.com/xceou.jpg Wickd and hotshot OW MAN
http://www.myimg.de/?img=Bosseloteb870a.jpg
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/824/yourelo.jpg/ Elo? SUP
http://i.imgur.com/mfOUl.jpg Candy tryhard autographing
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/7anr/ Come at my bro.
http://i56.tinypic.com/6fpipu.jpg dirtyshotgg
http://i.imgur.com/8Hh6g.jpg Don´´t rape me bro
http://i.imgur.com/6vkrf.jpg Saint being ready for you girl
http://i.imgur.com/XyMkm.jpg pedoface np
http://img692.imageshack.us/img692/3643/jmp2uh.jpg Annie style
http://www7.pic-upload.de/25.08.11/w5cfb1x71qx6.jpg Oce being boss
http://i.imgur.com/gdTNd.jpg jelly bro?
http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/board/attachment.php?attachmentid=49004&d=1314283412 get trolled
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/263/9549606.jpg/ scary gank inc
http://s7.directupload.net/file/d/2627/fl8ywrgr_jpg.htm New skin bro
http://i56.tinypic.com/30ngaoi.jpg a sad bro
http://imgur.com/swJtM new kelly
http://i.imgur.com/WzdF6.png wtf a GIRL!?
http://img217.imageshack.us/img217/8725/czhvlh.jpg some talk about oce´´s partner at gamescom WELL FOUND HIM BRO
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/5/3yje0h.jpg/ you so great bro
http://i.imgur.com/vAtXy.jpg trundle sup
http://i55.tinypic.com/2ci7gjd.jpg Sleazy´´s dreams
http://i.imgur.com/LqptL.png hotshotgg outbossed
http://imgur.com/jQiou Oce´´s feelings
http://imgur.com/q16a4 Gamescom MVP
http://i.imgur.com/0ddRa.jpg this snoopeh so dirty.
http://imageshack.us/f/845/bigtownfinished.jpg/ being lost alone.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOS ANGELES – A feline stowaway discovered riding aboard a big rig in California's Riverside County turned out to belong to a Georgia family who has been missing him since the Fourth of July, officials said Friday.
The tabby, named Kitty Bitty, was apparently along for the long haul as a truck driver for Pepsi made the trip out west, according to John Welsh, a spokesman for the Riverside County Department of Animal Services.
“We can only surmise he somehow ended up over at a Pepsi facility in the Georgia area, not too far I believe from where this owner lives, and somehow jumped on the back of a truck or on a pallet,” Welsh told KTLA. “Somewhere in that truck the cat was undetected for quite some time.”
It's unclear for how long he was traveling cross-country but, because he is so skinny, Welsh believes he was in the truck for at least a few days. He was also suffering from dehydration when he was found but was soon revived with veterinary care.
The feline is currently being housed at the Western Riverside County/City Animal Shelter in Jurupa Valley. But Animal Services staff are pooling their own money so that he can be flown home to Georgia ahead of the Christmas holiday, Welsh said.
Animal Services officials were tipped off to the missing pet's whereabouts by the truck driver. Kitty Bitty's owners were then identified thanks to a tag he had certifying that he received his rabies vaccine.
His Georgia family had assumed the worst possible fate befell their pet and were ecstatic to learn he was alive and safe in California following his six-month adventure, Welsh said.
This isn't the first time a commuting cat has been discovered by Riverside County Animal Services officials, according to Welsh.
A South Carolina cat aboard a U-Haul van was previously turned over to authorities following a state border inspection in Blythe. That pet was also flown back east aboard a jet.
“We're always pleased when we can get the cat back to the owner, even if it takes a cross-country flight to get the cat back home,” Welsh said.
Vicky Pea dwells on the prospect of The People's Pyramid and wonders why this isn't bigger news?
Welcome back and welcome to The Dark Ages.
The original plan was do one more of these and get on with my life. How I laugh at that idea now. Instead I'm going to work on a number of refections of the various elements of Welcome To The Dark Ages and how I see them fitting together, or not. This may eventually include a final wrap up of the three days once I've investigated each subject but for now we'll see how it goes.
Disclaimer: The following entries are my opinions. We all have them. I state nothing as fact nor do I claim to understand the events any better than anyone else who was there. I am bloody well going to state I know them better than those who weren't. After all I am a Graduate. I welcome and encourage the opinions of others and hope to aid in stirring up discussions on the various topics I'll cover. I am also aware that absolutely everything we participated in could go nowhere and could end up with nothing but that is not my opinion. Thank you.
Ten entries in and I now wish I hadn't used the term KLF in the title as I feel it's a little insulting to keep calling them that, being a part of their lives so far in the past and largely redundant throughout Welcome To The Dark Ages. Google and SEO however are the Gods I must appease.
My attentions in this journal will be on The Rites of MuMufication and the People's Pyramid. The JAMS have gone into the funeral business.
On scouring the web for articles on the event it has been shocking to me how few, if any, even mention it, let alone give it any credence. In fact Google KLF right now and you're going to find a list of news articles about Jarvis Cocker. Three days of immersive activities and all the media care about is a ten minute cameo.
If you've been following me on Twitter you'll no doubt be up to speed with all my various complaints to media outlets of their failures. The Guardian's piece that went onto be printed in the Observer was a load of drivel strewn with basic factual errors and Pitchfork's coverage claimed the event to be in London. Two days later and the headline still says London. They haven't even bothered to correct it.
Pitchfork there not even bothered about the location of the "festival". Well done @pitchfork pic.twitter.com/rusOw0OfOS — Vicky Pea (@vxpeax) August 26, 2017
One of the biggest moments in recent British cultural history, and @pitchfork are totally out of the loop. Sums them up really. — Chris Burgess (@BurgessWave) August 26, 2017
Once again, as with the initial reaction after the Jura burning, the media just don't particularly seem to care and have written the whole thing off as another ‘stunt' often insulting the experience of the attendees and the artists involved. But the biggest crime is to ignore the revelation of The People's Pyramid.
Indulge us all for a moment. Lets say it goes ahead. That 34,592 people sign up to MuMufication in order to build the People's Pyramid, 23 feet high somewhere in Toxteth. How is this not one of the greatest artistic ideas to ever be put forth?
It is an artistic collaboration with death. Or Papa Gede in this case. A pyramid that although designed by the living, The Justified Ancients of MuMu in collaboration with Paul Sullivan, can only be completed by the dead. The deaths of 34,592 people who each become collaborators in their own right.
There is a artist programme running as we speak, since 2006, called the One Million Masterpieces that currently has 32,275 artists involved and that doesn't even require you to bequeath your ashes to anything, so it will be no easy task.
Dr. Gunther von Hagens' Body Worlds is probably the most well known artwork that incorporates dead bodies and death has been depicted in various art across the ages but nothing on the scale of what this could potentially result in. Honore Fragonard dug up around 700 corpses in order to produce statues but none voluntarily as far as I know and only a small amount remain to this day.
So how is this not news? I can only assume, as with the burning, it's all seen as an elaborate ‘prank'. As it is by some of those both in attendance and not. “Did you buy a hundred pound brick?” was the first question asked. Of course I bloody well did, even if it doesn't all pan out the way I want it too it's still a wonderful idea to be a part of and at the very least a marginally overpriced souvenir, a work of art of its own right that will pay dividends in ice breaking and conversation alone. Who doesn't want to have a drunk conversation at two in the morning about potentially being buried in a pyramid. We'd practically be pharaohs of Toxteth.
Why have yourself built a pyramid if you can *be* one?https://t.co/RFxq5b6XVt pic.twitter.com/GH0BdCiZ1B — KLF Online (@KLF_Online) August 25, 2017
Not only that but the year-long tradition of Toxteth Day Of The Dead has been birthed. A day that will come along year after year until we've all been added, getting bigger and bigger, quicker and quicker as the years progress. I just really don't see how this is not the most interesting thing to come out of the three days, sorry Jarvis.
Explaining it all at my family party was surprisingly great. I may have even convinced my brother to join me and my Mum really didn't seem to mind at all. I guess the only thing they wondered is why I was quite so enthusiastic about it.
Look, by four o'clock on Wednesday I had already shown a total disregard of my body by getting that stupid tattoo, if that's what I'm like whilst breathing do you think I'm going to be much different when I'm dead? As stated in #1 or 2 of these journals I'm not a religious person and always enjoyed hearing stories of crazy funerals or last requests. Hunter S Thompon's for example where he managed to get his ashes blown out of a cannon on top of a 150 foot tower. So at this second in my life I'm quite happy to commit to MuMufication. Should my life lead me into a different direction that sees me finding a more suited resting place then so be it, nothing is set in stone (the bricks are unfired after all).
It is also worth considering that The JAMS, in their current form, will be long dead by the time it would be completed, as will most people involved in the logistics. They will never get to see it finished nor marvel in their creation. It will pass down through generations so not only a collaboration of those that sign up, but one that will span for decades to come.
If it did come off then surely it would finally be recognised as a genius artistic creation and The JAMS would receive the respect and admiration of the artist community. Surely? And as so many great artists that have proceeded them such as Johann Sebastian Bach, Emily Dickinson, Vincent van Gogh, Franz Kafka and more they would join the ranks of artists who passed out of this existence before the world had come around to see them for what they are.
“A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.”
A partnership between The Justified Ancients of MuMu and Papa Gede has just begun and I for one hope it prospers.
For more details on MuMufication visit www.mumufication.com.
You can keep up to date with Vicky's Welcome To The Dark Ages experiences on Twitter @vxpeax
Catch up on Vicky's past KLF Khronicals here. If you have enjoyed them and are able to do so please consider donating to Planet Slop to help us keep up the good work.
Daigo Kashino, 33, stabbed in stomach with real or mock weapon during rehearsal in Tokyo
Japanese police say an actor has died after getting stabbed in the stomach during a rehearsal with what is believed to be either a real or mock samurai sword.
Tokyo police said on Tuesday they were investigating whether the death was criminal or accidental.
Daigo Kashino, a 33-year-old theatre group actor, was rehearsing with several people at a Tokyo studio on Monday when the incident occurred. He was rushed to a hospital, but died hours later. Media reports indicated nobody was watching exactly how it happened.
Japanese public broadcaster NHK reported that other members of the theatre group rehearsing with Kashino said they saw him hunched over as they turned around after hearing him groan.
Micah Johnson has been in a wheelchair for seven years. He was born with muscular dystrophy and could walk until 9th grade, before a few bad falls made a wheelchair the safer option. But in those seven years, he's become increasingly frustrated with the poor quality of electric wheelchairs.
“I just got a new wheelchair for college a year and a half ago that was very expensive,” he said. “And in the last year and a half I have had to replace 4 batteries, suspension three times, 2 motors, and 6 new tires.”
Those years of frustration have inspired Johnson, a 19-year-old mechanical engineering student at North Dakota State University, to invent a completely new adaptive-track wheelchair – one that he hopes will give wheelchair users more independence.
Treker: an adaptive-track wheelchair
Introducing Treker: an adaptive-track wheelchair with the ability to go indoors, outdoors, and climb steps.
“It combines all wheelchairs into one,” Johnson said. “The wheelchair is also able to decrease the area of the track for inside use and increase surface area of track for outside and climbing steps.”
The 300 lbs wheelchair is 35.5 inch long, 25 inches wide, and runs on lithium batteries. It features two brushless motors, a turning radius of about 20 inches, and a ground clearance of 4 inches along with a two motor mid-track drive.
Johnson first pitched the idea for Treker at the Innovation Challenge Pitch last October. He said he and his team, which consists of Johnson, Dan Aubol, Tim Liu, Ryan Swanson, Michael Schuh and Jared Kugler, had gathered around to discuss ideas for the project. That night as he lay in bed, Johnson thought back on the track system of the wheelchair, and just like that – “the light bulb came on as to how to build the track wheelchair,” he said.
Currently, Johnson said, there aren't any adaptive track wheelchair designs out there like that of Treker.
“There is not really any competition,” he said. “There are track wheelchairs, but you cannot even fit them in a house. There are also stair climbing wheelchairs that get stuck in mud and snow really easy.”
Dr. David Wells, a professor of Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering at NDSU and the faculty advisor for Treker, said he finds Treker to be a “very good piece of work” with a number of innovative features.
“The mechanism for adjusting the tracks for both indoor and outdoor usage is an excellent piece of engineering design, as is the means for adjusting tilt of the seat,” Wells said. “The Treker is also surprisingly simple, something not always found in early prototypes — or in any student-designed apparatus.”
At the NDSU Innovation Challenge visual presentation day , Johnson had a small prototype of Treker built from LEGOs, which he remote controlled up and down a set of stairs to show the capabilities of the adaptive-track. The rough estimates displayed for the cost of building a full size prototype of an adaptive-track wheelchair amounted to a total of $24,000.
The future of Treker
If Treker takes home any amount of the $20,000 of total cash prize money from the Innovation Challenge awards, Johnson said he would ideally like to put this towards building this full-size prototype.
In this, he has Dr. Wells full support; the professor stated that he would like to see Treker move forward into a full-scaled operational prototype, that would ideally be built and tested on NDSU's campus.
When asked if he could see Treker becoming a successful commercial product, Wells said those predictions are always risky. However, he has high hopes for this project.
“This one looks mighty promising to me,” he said. “In my judgment, there are enough unique features and enough cachet to make this a risk worth taking.”
Ultimately, Johnson said, he wants to see this adaptive-track wheelchair completely eliminate the frustrations which he has encountered over and over again for the past seven years.
“I see Treker shaping the future by giving wheelchair-bound people more freedom to be more independent in their everyday life,” he said.
For more information on the Innovation Challenge, see here.
The final awards luncheon will be held on February 26, from 11:30-1:00 at the Fargodome. Register today, here!
Photos courtesy of Marisa Jackels.
Subtractive synthesis is easily the most important type of synthesis you will come across. Why? Because everything that falls under the subtractive umbrella term has gone on to directly influence other types of synthesis such as additive, wavetable, frequency modulation and nearly kaanything else you can think of.
The term is descriptive as it's about sculpting sounds from harmonically rich waveforms using filters, envelopes, LFOs and amplitude shaping, and it's the sound of quite literally thousands of records dating from the sixties right up until now.
Let's start out by having a look at the front panel of a few common analog synths.
Moog Minimoog
Where better to start than with where it all began – the Minimoog. Released in 1971, this was the first commercially available synthesiser that boasted portability. Previously, synthesisers were huge modular systems confined to the studios of scientists at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. The Minimoog changed all that – finally keyboardists could compete with their noisy guitar-playing neighbours:
Can't afford the thousands these go for on eBay now? Not to worry, Arturia make a nifty emulation, the Mini V, which we're going to look at the front panel of:
I've highlighted two key features of subtractive synthesis in red and blue. Let's start from the left: in red (or pinky red, whatever you want to call it) is our Oscillator Bank.
This section contains anything that generates a tone. We have three oscillators available to us. With oscillator one, we decide the range (synth-speak for octave, not enough time to go into exactly why they use this at the moment) and the waveform (more on these later).
Oscillators two and three can be tuned relative to oscillator one and we can also choose their waveform which, like oscillator one, have triangle, two types of sawtooth and three types of pulse wave.
Next, let's look at our blue section, which the Moog calls Modifiers. This is the filter stage that uses the famous Moog Ladder Low-Pass Filter. We have cutoff frequency (where in the frequency spectrum our filter begins to do its job) filter emphasis (which you might be more familiar with as resonance or Q) and some envelope function, which we'll get on to later.
With just these two sections, we can get most of the sounds we want out of the Minimoog – it really is that simple. All synths have a similar signal path – oscillators into a filter into the amp section – so it's easy to navigate them once you know what you're looking for.
Roland SH-101
In 1982, the Japanese company Roland released the now legendary SH-101. A staple workhorse synth in many a studio, the 101 is a monophonic synth known for it's phat basses and squelchy acid leads:
Costing you around £500 for one in good nick, it's not an unobtainable piece of gear but the guys at TAL made a free emulation (that sadly isn't supported anymore but you can still get from their website).
Like our Minimoog, I've highlighted the oscillator section in red and the filter section in blue. Our oscillator section is named VCO, which you might come across in lots of analog synths. VCO stands for voltage-controlled oscillator as many of these machines were pre-MIDI (more on controlled voltage another time).
Our VCO section allows control of range, pitch modulation, the width of our pulse wave and how it can be modulated. Just to the right, highlighted in white is the Source Mixer where we can blend in our other oscillator waveforms: a sawtooth, sub-oscillator (tuned down one or two octaves) and white noise.
The filter section is highlighted in blue as and is named VCF. The quicker among you might have ascertained this stands for voltage-controlled filter. We have the familiar frequency and resonance controls (resonance is amplification of the filter cutoff position, giving a sharp, piercing squeal to the filter at higher values) and Env, Mod and Kbd modulation sliders.
Next, let's look at the green highlighted section, ENV, our envelope generator. This can be routed to the amplifier and/or the filter, allowing us to shape our sound over time. I'll cover envelopes in more detail further down the page.
Finally, there's our Modulator, highlighted in yellow. This is what we may be more familiar with as an LFO, which stands for low-frequency oscillator. Here we can change the rate (frequency/speed) and waveform (sine, triangle, saw, pulse, sample and hold and white noise). We'll cover most of these terms later on.
Korg MS-20
By now, you should get the idea, so I'll skip through our last two examples a bit quicker. Next we'll look at the Korg MS-20, a semi-modular monophonic bassline beast produced from 1978 to 1983 and responsible for Mr. Ozio's Flat Beat.
Korg have a Legacy Bundle which contains emulations of not only an MS-20 but also the Wavestation, PolySix, Mono/Poly and M-1.
The modular aspects of this will be covered another time but let's skim through the interface. Our oscillator section allows for triangle, sawthooth, pulse and white noise waveforms, with oscillator two having an external input section for processing sounds from the outside world through the filters.
Our filter section in blue has two filters, a high-pass and low-pass filter. The peak rotary is what we know as resonance or Q. Underneath there are modulation options from either the LFOs or envelope generators.
The envelopes are in green: envelope one is a simple AR (attack and release, no sustain stage); and envelope two is a slightly more complex AHDSR (attack, hold, decay, sustain and release). Finally, our LFO (in yellow) has a control to morph between sawtooth, triangle and reverse sawtooth or varying degrees of pulse waves.
ARP 2600
The last synth we'll look at is the monster that is the ARP 2600, another monophonic semi-modular that was in production from 1971 to 1980.
Like the Minimoog, this is emulated by Arturia, and that's what we'll have a look at below:
The interface can be a bit disorientating compared to synths with a simpler layout. I've highlighted the oscillator, filter, envelope and mixer section – by now this should be ample information to acquaint yourself with it – but don't worry if it takes longer because half the fun of the 2600 is stumbling across bizarre sci-fi sounds made by haphazardly turning things up and down.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
VICTIMS of racist thug James Boyd told yesterday how they hope he is never free again after he admitted a 10-year campaign of horrific violence against five women.
James Boyd battered two of the women when they were heavily pregnant.
Another victim – who was just 14 – was left with terrible injuries when he stamped on her private parts in a bid to make her unable to have children.
Yesterday, the women said they hoped Boyd died in jail.
Siobhan Melrose, 26, said: “He put us all through hell and he deserves to die.
“We hope he takes his own life because he'll never change. He will always be a danger to women and when he gets out of jail, he'll do it again.”
Leigh Cameron, 24, who was pregnant when Boyd tried to strangle her and throw her down the stairs, added: “He is worse than an animal.
“They should lock him up and throw away the key. No woman is safe when he's on the streets.
“The best result would be if he hanged himself. That would be justice.”
Boyd, who has a string of convictions for racist attacks, threatened his victims with knives, choked them, spat on them, and punched and kicked them.
The tattooed monster, of Whitburn, West Lothian, told one of his pregnant girlfriends: “You don't deserve to have a child” as he knocked her to the ground and repeatedly kicked her in the stomach.
While he was battering the living daylights out of his victims, Boyd, a BNP and National Front activist, was also cheating on them with a string of other women.
The control freak put them through mental hell, too. He was consumed by jealousy and stopped the women from shaving in a bid to make them unattractive to other men.
The thug's first victim, a 15-year-old girl, was subjected to a year of violence in 2003.
On one occasion, he held a knife against her neck and another against her stomach and threatened to kill her.
(Image: Phil Dye/Daily Record)
Siobhan, of Whitburn, was his most recent victim.
She endured three years of hell before she fled his clutches last year.
This week, Boyd, 28, appeared at the High Court in Glasgow and confessed to violence towards the five women.
He was finally brought to justice after the mum of a sixth victim, a 13-year-old girl, reported him to police.
Her daughter had been held hostage and beaten for three days.
Police traced the other women last year. The 13-year-old was so disturbed and terrified by her ordeal that she was unable to give evidence. She moved away and her case never got to court.
Three of the victims in court were distressed as details of Boyd's brutality were read out.
Prosecutor Jo McDonald, said: “All the women comment that at the beginning of the relationship, the accused was caring.
“But he became more and more paranoid, jealous and controlling as the relationship continued and when drinking, he was violent and abusive.
“They all describe continuing assaults and abuse throughout their relationship with him.”
Boyd bleated to the judge that he battered the women to block out ­memories of his own violent childhood. He also blamed alcohol for his terrifying outbursts.
His lawyer Stuart Carson said: “Mr Boyd accepts that during these relationships he suffered from jealousy. He was paranoid about these young women and he was controlling.
“He was drinking on an almost daily basis and says this was to block out memories that he had been abused as a child. He took out his anger on those around him.
“He says he is sorry for what he has done. He says he of all people should have known better about what he was doing because of the feelings he has about abuse.
“Violence was commonplace in his childhood.”
Boyd's victims were disgusted by his excuses and insisted alcohol was not to blame.
Siobhan said: “He was a monster with or without drink. It's disgusting that he is trying to make excuses for beating every woman he had a relationship with. There are no excuses for what he did.”
The judge Lord Turnbull ordered a background report to determine what risk Boyd poses to the public and deferred sentence until the end of the month.
He told the thug: “You have pled guilty to acts of violence which seem to me a course of conduct perpetrated over 10 years and involving almost every young woman with which you had a relationship.”
Yesterday, police described Boyd as “a predatory, callous and unremorseful individual”.
A spokesman said: “Boyd subjected his victims to years of physical, sexual, emotional and psychological abuse.
"He now faces significant time behind bars for his crimes.”
Following the 2014 West African Ebola Outbreak, scientists have been working to develop ways to treat the deadly illness in order to slow down or outright prevent the next outbreak from occurring. While these treatments are often tested on animals, a group of scientists has been working to create an Ebola vaccine to protect primates in the wild. While the initial results are promising, regulatory changes and attitudes toward medical research conducted on primates could prevent further tests.
Last year, a new Ebola vaccine trial conducted in Guinea and Sierra Leone was found to be enormously effective. But it's not just humans that suffer from Ebola. The disease poses a very real threat to primates. In November and December 1994, scientists discovered that an entire community of wild chimpanzees living in the Taï National Park in Côte d'Ivoire had vanished. Scientists autopsied the bodies that they recovered, and discovered that the animals had been infected with a new strain of the Ebola virus. In 2011, another study warned Ebola was responsible for killing “roughly one third of the world's gorilla population and only a slightly smaller proportion of the world's chimpanzees.” With primate populations suffering from habitat loss and poaching, the spread of disease can further endanger these animals.
Ebola has killed a third of the world's gorilla population
To that end, scientists have worked to create a vaccine that could be used to help protect wild primates. In a study published last week in Scientific Results, researchers found that a new oral vaccine trial “provoked robust immune responses,” in the 10 captive chimpanzees involved in the study.
The team specifically wanted to see if the vaccine would work if delivered orally, noting that it's an established, effective vaccine delivery method used to protect wild populations from diseases such as rabies. Rather than tracking down wild animals to vaccinate them — a difficult prospect for African primates — officials could simply lace bait with the vaccine and wait for the animals to ingest it.
The researchers tested a rabies-derived Ebola vaccine called filorab1, which has been found to be effective in primates. The vaccine is an inactivated rabies virus with an Ebola gene inserted. The chimpanzees were given the vaccine — six orally, four with injections — and had their blood drawn over the course of 28 days. The team found that the vaccine offered a similar level of protection as with prior trials of filorab1, with “robust immune responses” during the first 28 days of the trial, with projections indicating that they were well on their way toward the full immunity that was found in other subjects.
While promising, the study was truncated due to changing regulations
The trial did face challenges, however. In June 2015, the US Fish and Wildlife service listed chimpanzees under the Endangered Species Act, which truncated the study. As a result, the researchers were only able to draw blood for 28 days, and could not include an “Ebola challenge,” where the animals are infected with the virus to see if the vaccine prevented infection. The study's authors noted that research benefiting primates is exempt from the new regulations, but due to the changes, “all of the biomedical facilities that held chimpanzees have or are in the process of ‘retiring' their populations to sanctuaries,” which tend to limit these types of studies. New Scientist points out that until conservation experts and health officials come up with a plan, the vaccine might never be deployed to the wild.
It has been designed specifically to use as a teaching tool for the Introduction to Computer Architecture course taught at the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering of Imperial College London.
Key Features
Navigate Program History
In addition to stepping through code, users can navigate program history by browsing past register values. This feature can help debugging and understanding complex code easier.
Pointer Visualisation
Pointers in ARM assembly can be quite difficult to understand, especially since ARM assembly has 9 different variations of pointer behaviour when it comes to load/store instructions. VisUAL provides an information pane that displays useful pointer information when needed.
Shift Operation Visualisation
VisUAL can demonstrate shift operations by playing them as animations. The animations use actual data values from the shift instruction being demonstrated.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
Memory Access Visualisation
All memory access operations, word-aligned or byte-aligned, can be visualised. Base and offset addresses are shown, and any values that have been changed are highlighted.
Stack Visualisation
Instructions to load/store multiple instructions in the form of a stack can be visualised. Stack behaviour is described, and the stack as well as stack pointer at the start and end of the stack are displayed.
Branch Visualisation
Colour coded line highlights are used to indicate when a branch is being taken. For conditional instructions, status bits involved in condition checking are highlighted. An arrow points to the branch destination, acting as a visual cue to indicate a branch to another line of code is about to take place.
Subroutine Visualisation
Whenever the link register is set to enter a subroutine, the linked subroutine return point will be highlighted and will remain highlighted until the subroutine exits.
Error Correction Suggestions
As opposed to providing cryptic compiler error messages, VisUAL provides context-specific error messages with explanations of exactly what is expected. In addition, whenever a runtime error occurs, the user is informed of the problematic instruction and what operation in the instruction resulted in the error.
Infinite Loop Detection
Inadvertently typed code that may result in an infinite loop can cause code to malfunction. VisUAL detects possible infinte loops and prompts the user to select the appropriate response.
View Memory Contents
By using the view memory contents window, data defined in memory can be monitored in real-time as it changes. This allows fast debugging of memory access instructions from a static viewpoint in addition to the dynamic viewpoint provided by the pointer and memory access visualisations.
View Symbols
The symbols window provides a list of all code and data symbols that have been defined. This provides an easy method of lookup up symbols during execution.
Headless Emulation Mode
VisUAL allows assembly code to be executed via the command line and logs the program state to an XML file. This is useful for power users for testing large batches of code. See the logging guide for details on how to use this.
Following a controversial play, several parents attending a Los Angeles-area high school football game allegedly went into the rival team's locker room and beat several of the players.
As Sportsgrid points out, the incident stemmed from a Millikan High School player kicking a Lakewood High School player in the head after the latter lost his helmet during a play. When the referees monitoring the game didn't call attention to the kick, several angry parents took matters into their own hands.
According to KTLA 5, “supporters of the Lakewood team, including adults, allegedly rushed past security and into a locker room used by Millikan players.”
An anonymous Millikan player told the Los Angeles-based station that he was struck in the forehead at the beginning of the attack. “I saw people screaming,” he said. “I saw one of our players get choked.”
Many of the players in the locker room, some who weren't even on the field at the time of the contested play, were injured as a result of the incident. However, all of them were shaken up — enough to involve the Lakewood Sheriff's Department.
Check out the clip above, via KTLA 5.
[h/t Sportsgrid]
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Husband (@AndrewHusband) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 12, 2015, 3:18 PM GMT / Updated March 12, 2015, 3:18 PM GMT / Source: Associated Press
You know things are bad when even Treasury officials get hit with a tax scam.
Fake IRS agents have targeted more than 366,000 people with harassing phone calls demanding payments and threatening jail as part of a huge nationwide tax scam.
More than 3,000 people have fallen for the ruse, Timothy Camus, a Treasury deputy inspector general for tax administration, said Thursday. They have been duped out of a total of $15.5 million. People in every state have been targeted. "The number of complaints we have received about this scam make it the largest, most pervasive impersonation scam in the history of our agency," Camus told the Senate Finance Committee at a hearing. The scam is so widespread that investigators believe there is more than one group of perpetrators, including some overseas.
Camus said even he received a call from one of the scammers at his home on a Saturday. He said he had a stern message for the caller: "Your day will come." So far, Camus said, two people in Florida have been arrested. They were accused of being part of a scam that involved people in call centers in India contacting U.S. taxpayers and pretending to be IRS agents.
As part of the scam, fake IRS agents call taxpayers, claim they owe taxes, and demand payment using a prepaid debit card or a wire transfer. Those who refuse are threatened with arrest, deportation or loss of a business or driver's license, Camus said. The callers might even know the last four digits of the taxpayer's Social Security number, Camus said.
IN-DEPTH
-- The Associated Press
How many dwarf planets are there in the outer solar system? (updates daily)
(As of 1 Nov 2013 also includes the latest thermal and occultation results)
As of Mon Nov 12 2018there are:10 objects which are nearly certainly dwarf planets,26 objects which are highly likely to be dwarf planets,64 objects which are likely to be dwarf planets,127 objects which are probably dwarf planets, and661 objects which are possibly dwarf planets.
In 2006, when the vote on the definition of "planet" was made, and the eight dominant bodies in the solar system were declared (quite rationally) a class separate from the others, a new class of objects was defined. The "dwarf planets" are all of those objects which are not one of the eight dominant bodies (Mercury through Neptune) yet still, at least in one way, resemble a planet. In other words, a dwarf planet is something that looks like a planet, but is not a planet. Specifically this means that dwarf planets are bodies in the solar system which are large enough to become round due to their own gravitational attraction.
Why do astronomers care about round? If you place a boulder in space it will just stay whatever irregular shape it is. If you add more boulders to it you can still have an irregular pile. But if you add enough boulders to the pile they will eventually pull themselves into a round shape. This transition from irregularly shaped to round objects is important in the solar system, and, in some ways, marks the transition from an object without and with interesting geological and planetary processes occuring (there are many many other transitions that are equally important, however, a fact that tends to be overlooked in these discussions).
How many dwarf planets are there? Ceres is the only asteroid that is known to be round. After that it gets complicated. All of the rest of the new dwarf planets are in the distant region of the Kuiper belt, where we can't actually see them well enough to know for sure if they are round or not.
While we can't see most of the objects in the Kuiper belt well enough to determine whether they are round or not, we can estimate how big an object has to be before it becomes round and therefore how many objects in the Kuiper belt are likely round. In the asteroid belt Ceres, with a diameter of 900 km, is the only object large enough to be round, so somewhere around 900 km is a good cutoff for rocky bodies like asteroids. Most Kuiper belt objects have a lot of ice in their interiors, though. Ice is not as hard as rock, so it less easily withstands the force of gravity, and it takes less force to make an ice ball round. The best estimate for how big an icy body needs to be to become round comes from looking at icy satellites of the giant planets. The smallest body that is generally round is Saturn's satellite Mimas, which has a diameter of about 400 km. Several satellites which have diameters around 200 km are not round. So somewhere between 200 and 400 km an icy body becomes round. Objects with more ice will become round at smaller sizes while those with less rock might be bigger. We will take 400 km as a reasonable lower limit and assume that anything larger than 400 km in the Kuiper belt is round, and thus a dwarf planet.
How many objects do we know in the Kuiper belt that are 400 km or larger? That question is harder to answer, because we don't actually know how big most of the objects in the Kuiper belt are. While we can see how bright there are, we don't know if they are bright because they are larger or are highly reflective. In the past, we had to just throw our hands up in the air and say we don't know enough to even make reasonable guesses. But in the past few years, systematic measurements of the sizes of objects from the Spitzer Space Telescope and now the Herschel Space Telescope have taught us enought that we can make some reasonable estimates of how reflective objects are. (It's complicated: read the details here ) These reasonable estimates, combined with all available actually measurements, give us the list of the largest Kuiper belt objects, sorted by diameter, below. Carefully note the lack of any error bars. Every single measurement or estimate below is uncertain to some extent or another. I don't include the individual uncertainties in the table, but instead use the ensemble uncertainties to inform classification below. In other words: take the sizes of specific objects with bigger or smaller grains of salt.
I subjectively divide this list into a few categories, taking into account both the uncertainties in the sizes and the uncertainties in the size where an object becomes round.
Near certainty: We are confident enough in the size estimate to know that each one of these must be a dwarf planet even if predominantly rocky.
Highly likely Anything larger than 600 km is all but certainly round. Even objects significantly smaller are likely round. The predicted and/or measured size of an object in this category would have to be grossly in error or the composition would have to be primarily rocky in order for it not to be a dwarf planet.
Likely: Anything icy larger than 500 km is highly likely to be round. But the size uncertainties are large enough that some of these objects could, in reality, be small enough to be less certain.
Probably: All icy satellite larger than 400 km are round, so we expect these objects to be round if the size estimate is correct.
Possibly: We don't know where the transition from non-round to round occurs, but in icy satellites it is between 200 and 400 km. Objects this size in the Kuiper belt could thus possible be round, but we don't know. Probably not: Below 200 km no icy satellite are round. We expect the same in the Kuiper belt. A few of these object could be bigger than expected, however, and could turn out to be large enough to round themselves.
The table also lists the estimated albedo used to determine the size or the calculated albedo from the measured size. Also listed is the absolute magnitude, which in this case refers to how bright the object would be if you were looking at it while you were standing on the surface of the sun and the object were at the distance of the earth. As in the rest of astronomy, smaller magnitudes are brighter and every 5 magnitudes represents a factor of 100. In the comments section I list the source of the size or albedo as described here and add subjective comments when required.
As of Mon Nov 12 2018
there are:
10 objects which are nearly certainly dwarf planets,
26 objects which are highly likely to be dwarf planets,
64 objects which are likely to be dwarf planets,
127 objects which are probably dwarf planets, and
661 objects which are possibly dwarf planets.
“They've been lying to you, man. There ain't no such thing as a hero, not anymore. But you … have become addicted to the illusion of what a hero is. … You think you need someone to pat you on the back.”
- Bray Wyatt
Regardless to when it happens and that's part of the secret of its success - you never know when– the most riveting moment in TV takes place inbetween 8 and 11 PM est on Mondays. At some point during that wide window I experience a feeling only generated by episodes of Unsolved Mysteries (the edition with Robert Stack) when I was a child. There's actually a Facebook Group that describes it quite well “The Unsolved Mysteries theme scared the crap out of me when I was a kid.”
The MKULTRA-like experiment of ‘Monday Night Raw' goes something like this: a sheep's head mask is flashed; the screen and arena goes dark; 3 huge men who have come from either a day's work at the factory, farm or ranch appear, with one carrying a lantern and smiling as if he were Jack Nicholson in The Shining; and irresistibly unnerving music (the best entrance theme since The Road Warriors came out to Black Sabbath's ‘Iron Man' ) giving melody to a stalk to the wrestling ring that feels like it lasts an hour. With all of the above, the WWE creative team has ritual drama gold –and a captivating experience that comes across well, in arena or viewing by television.
Were this all, the just described would be a moment.
But with an extremely charismatic and intellectual character at the center of it all (as evidenced by witty and intriguing tweets which combine not-so-veiled threats with fan appreciation and quotes from Nietze and a cross-section of support – beyond creed, class or color – the dismissal of Bray Wyatt as a hillbilly by some, really misses the mark. And the sound of it all is so captivating, the composer of entrance theme “Broken Out In Love,” Mark Crozer is generating headlines of his own (so talented I've actually added his group's EP, “Backburner” to my Playlist). And each week there is a new message to decode - something that seems so accessible, but yet remains elusive.
But if the WWE ends up making the mistake of thinking the Wyatt Family only appeals to a pejorative ‘red-neck' fan base it would be a huge big mistake. What Bray Wyatt has tapped into can best be understood from the mind of Eric Hoffer and the pages of his classic The True Believer: Thoughts On The Nature of Mass Movements. Wyatt's look may be that of a rural populist but the cult-following appeal is for all of the disaffected. In that sense Wyatt is the possible culmination of what I call the Dissatisfaction era which finds CM Punk (‘The Voice of The Voiceless') and Daniel Bryan (the Underdog) as co-leaders.
But Wyatt can go further because the juxtaposition is not just to that of the popular ‘good guy' character (John Cena) or abusive corporate power (the McMahon Family) but rather to an entire epoch leaving so many of us behind. He's competing with society and culture not the preferences of a Big Business.
What makes Wyatt an enigma is that the dissatisfaction which his character, music and message tap into can come from a variety of sources: economic recession, technological advance or cultural decay. Even the political malaise of a government shutdown gives Bray Wyatt fertile recruiting ground. Hoffer described something like Wyatt's fan base-coalition when he wrote, “Though the disaffected are found in all walks of life, they are most frequent in the following categories: (a) the poor, (b) misfits, (c) outcasts, (d) minorities, (e) adolescent youth, (f) the ambitious [whether facing insurmountable obstacles or unlimited opportunities] (g) those in the grip of some vice or obsession, (h) the impotent (in body or mind), (i) the inordinately selfish, (j) the bored, (k) the sinners.”
In that respect, what Bray Wyatt represents is Communal more than ‘Rural' or ‘Southern' or ‘White' and the cult that he is producing via look, wit, aggression and sound is looking to lose themselves in something more than asserting their individuality above the crowd. As Hoffer saw of the discarded, rejected and left-behind, “They also crave to dissolve their spoiled, meaningless selves in some soul-stirring spectacular communal undertaking – hence their proclivity for united action.”
Wyat speaks to this when he says, “We live in a world where society has poisoned the souls of men. It hovers over them like a dark cloud and they can't do anything about it because this is the regular working class…People like me, they get down on their hands and knees and they whisper these little lies and secrets into their ears. Well, I have a secret of my own! And what are you going to do when they start walking upright?” .
Yet Bray also says, "I have no Followers. I have only Brothers and Sisters all in the name of Cause. People are sheep - you understand me? They can't lead themselves. They need to be led. People buy and sell fear. They worship war, they crave war. And I'm not afraid of their wars. I created war! And I think it's time for the masses to wake up."
Huh? I'm motivated and confused at the same time.
So, is Bray Wyatt one of ‘them' or one of ‘us'? Is this Karl Marx, Saint-Simon or Pierre-Joseph Proudhon peddling fedoras?
He looks like a 99-percenter but sounds very much like a member of the 1%.
Or maybe Bray Wyatt is just suggesting or better yet, here to reveal that every mass leader is also a member of an aristocracy and every oligarch needs a crowd.
Should the WWE (and Bray Wyatt on his own) continue to tap into this intriguing duality and signs of the times which dramatize it – what it might produce each Monday could captivate millions for weeks to come.
As Hoffer explained, change and vigor doesn't come from just the heroes of a static society, “A nation without dregs and malcontents is orderly, decent, peaceful and pleasant, but perhaps without the seed of things to come.”
The Attitude Era was cool but emerging Dissatisfaction looks so much more interesting..
LAS VEGAS -- There are plenty of Chicago Bulls fans who can't wait for Dwyane Wade to start playing for their favorite team, but maybe none more so than Bulls forward Bobby Portis' mom, Tina Edwards.
"That's actually, like, my mom's favorite player," Portis said with a smile after the Bulls' summer league win over the Boston Celtics on Saturday. "That's all the things she always talked about when I was growing up as a kid was 'D-Wade this, D-Wade that.'
Editor's Picks Bulls' Denzel Valentine happy to get first game under his belt His first pro performance wasn't great statistically, but first-round pick Denzel Valentine did the "little things" for the Bulls in a Las Vegas win.
"My mom actually texted me the same day when he said he was coming, and she was, like, going nuts. It was crazy."
Wade agreed to terms on a two-year deal with the Bulls on Wednesday night. While coaches and executives aren't allowed to talk about the deal until it becomes official, the young Bulls players are ecstatic to have Wade on their team.
Like so many players around the league, Bulls rookie Denzel Valentine watched Wade growing up and is thrilled to get the chance to play with him. Valentine's minutes may decrease in the short term with Wade on the roster, but the Michigan State alum isn't concerned about that at the moment.
"That's actually like my mom's favorite player," Bulls forward Bobby Portis said of Dwyane Wade. "That's all the things she always talked about when I was growing up as a kid was 'D-Wade this, D-Wade that.'" AP Photo/Alan Diaz
"I'm going to be learning from the best of the best," Valentine said. "D-Wade is probably one of the best shooting guards to ever play the game, so if I can learn from him my first couple years, see how he gets ready for games, plays games, takes care of his body. Just learning the ropes from him and Jimmy [Butler] and [Rajon] Rondo -- those guys are all phenomenal players, they won championships. So if I can learn from those guys and still play and be in the rotation, that's probably the best situation for me."
For his part, Wade is trying to look forward to playing in his hometown Chicago.
"To go home and play with Chicago is something I've always dreamed of since I've been a little bitty kid," Wade told reporters in Miami on Saturday. "It's cool to be able to make this kind of choices. You see KD make a choice for me. We've seen LeBron make choices for himself. You get killed for it, but at the end of the day, if you love the guy, the individual, then you're happy that they're able to make that choice and that they seem happy with the choice that they are making."
Portis knows that whenever Wade's deal becomes official and the Bulls' No. 3 jersey becomes available, his mom will have to have one.
"She's going to get it, for sure," Portis said. "She has No. 3 Miami, so I know she'll get that one."
Work 279 Days to Overnight Success
Friends and readers, here is my second manifesto, 279 Days to Overnight Success.
It tells the story of this web site, but more importantly, it offers 11,000 words of free advice on how to create your own success with your own project. I offer this information freely, but please use it wisely.
DOWNLOAD THE MANIFESTO HERE
(Free PDF – be sure to update to the most recent version of Adobe Reader)
***
Who It's For
Bloggers, writers, online artists, and anyone otherwise interested in creating a new career or expanding their influence using social media. If you want your online presence to grow far beyond what it is now, read and apply.
What You'll Learn
How I Became a Full-Time Writer in 279 Days
The Complete Revenue Estimate for My Personal Blog in 2009
The World Domination Strategy for Establishing Your Brand
Avoiding the Vampires who Want You to Fail
Why Adsense (and most other Web Advertising) Sucks
How to Skip Viral Marketing and Still Get All the Traffic You Need
***
Is It Helpful? Two Simple Requests
1) Let me know. Share your feedback in the comments section or write me directly.
2) Help spread the word. Pass this along to the entire universe. OK, maybe not the whole universe, but you know… all of your friends would be good. Feel free to start with your preferred social network or your blog.
Thanks! I can't wait to hear about your own overnight success.
###
*Also see: How to Start a Successful Blog in 15 Minutes or Less.
Donald Trump, exercise truther.
Donald Trump, who may have the only recorded case of reverse body dysmorphia known to man, also has a wild theory as to why he doesn't exercise. It's equal parts insane, hilarious, and scientifically misguided, and I may never stop thinking about it.
It had previously been cited as the reason why he stopped working out after college, was most recently mentioned in a New Yorker article, and absolutely should be printed on every Infowars supplement bottle. (It's unclear where he got the idea, but I have some theories.)
Other than golf, he considers exercise misguided, arguing that a person, like a battery, is born with a finite amount of energy.
Eating two scoops of ice cream a night, however, grants you excess power and energy.
Several B.C. First Nations are launching at least nine court challenges to try to block Enbridge's Northern Gateway pipeline, leaders revealed at a news conference this morning in Vancouver.
The First Nations leaders said they will argue the proposed pipeline and its recent approval by the federal government is a constitutional violation of their aboriginal land rights in their respective territories, particularly in light of the Supreme Court of Canada victory last month by the Tsilhqot'in First Nation.
Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs Grand Chief Stewart Phillip said he was aware of at least nine separate legal actions being launched by various First Nations, as part of a co-ordinated effort to stop the project.
Phillip ruled out any sort of deal with Enbridge that could see the project go ahead for a share of the revenue or a cash payment.
"When I am standing out on the land … shoulder to shoulder, it's not going to be for a better deal. It's going to be to protect the land and the environment," said Phillip.
Ellis Ross, chief councillor for the Haisla, said compared with the efforts of the provincial government in B.C., the federal government has failed to properly consult with First Nations.
"That day and age of us being ignored is over. This is a tremendous waste of taxpayers' money when we are all trying to build an economy."
"It is a shame we have to go to court, not to establish case law, but to uphold existing case law," said Ross.
Martin Louie, chief councillor of the Nadleh Whut'en, said the majority of British Columbians and many people across Canada support their fight to block the pipeline.
"We call this beautiful B.C., and that is what we want to keep it as," said Louie.
Clarence Innis, acting chief councillor for the Gitxaala, said his First Nation filed a court action Friday.
"Canada has a duty to consult and that hasn't happened. Gitxaala will protect its rights. Eighty per cent of our food comes from our territory," said Innis.
Jessie Housty, councillor for the Heiltsuk, said her First Nation was applying for a judicial review of the federal approval of the project.
Peter Lantin, the president of the council of the Haida Nation, said they plan to challenge the project's approval by the federal government, because the mandate of the joint review panel excluded meaningful consultation with First Nations.
Tsilqot'in ruling outlined aboriginal title
In last month's landmark ruling, the Supreme Court of Canada recognized the Tsilhqot'in First Nation's aboriginal title over a wide area to the south and west of B.C.'s Williams Lake, which it considers its traditional territory.
The court also established what title means, including the right to the benefits associated with the land and the right to use it, enjoy it and profit from it.
However, the court declared that title is not absolute, meaning economic development can still proceed on land where title is established as long as it has the consent of the First Nation, or where the government can make the case that development is pressing and substantial.
The court also made it clear that provincial law still applies to land over which aboriginal title has been declared, subject to constitutional limit.
Other First Nations have also been quick to push forward their claims on traditional lands in light of the ruling.
The Gitxaala First Nation, with territory on islands off the North Coast, have already announced its own plans to file a lawsuit in the Federal Court of Appeal challenging the Northern Gateway pipeline.
Last week the hereditary chiefs of the Gitxsan First Nations served notice to CN Rail, logging companies and sport fishermen to leave the 33,000 square kilometres they claim as their territory along the Skeena River by Aug. 4.
And the Kwikwetlem First Nation also raised the ruling in its claim to title of all lands associated with the now-closed Riverview Hospital in Metro Vancouver along with other areas of its traditional territory.
AUBURN, Alabama — Kerryon Johnson is working to get back on the field in time for the SEC Championship Game.
Auburn's star running back injured his right shoulder during a 26-14 victory against then-No. 1 Alabama last week. His status for the rematch against No. 6 Georgia is still up in the air, though his teammates believe he will be ready to play Saturday at 3 p.m. CT.
"I'm working this week to get back as healthy as I can be," Johnson said Monday. "We've been working for this game for a long time. I'm doing everything I can to get back on the field."
Johnson was taken off the field twice with apparent shoulder injuries: once in the third quarter and finally near the end of the game in the fourth quarter. He was taken to the locker room holding his right arm close to his jersey.
"It's just banged up," Johnson said, when asked what the injury is exactly.
Johnson rushed for 104 yards and one touchdown on 30 carries, and also threw a 3-yard touchdown pass out of the Wildcat formation against the Tide. He has rushed for 100 yards or more in eight of 10 games he has appeared in this season.
Teammates are confident Johnson will play against Georgia. Linebacker Tre' Williams has battled a shoulder injury for the last month of the season and has missed some playing time, though he has returned to the fold in recent weeks.
"Kerryon is really tough, man," Williams said. "That's something we look up to him for, and a lot of people should. Just all in all, know he's going to play because it's the first time we've played in the SEC Championship, and he wouldn't let this opportunity bypass him."
Williams was helped off he fields after re-injuring his shoulder against Louisiana-Monroe, but returned last week against Alabama.
Johnson said he is using "a lot of ice and the normal rehab stuff" this week in an attempt to return for the SEC Championship Game.
"It didn't fall off. I can feel it," Johnson said. "Obviously it's sore, but, shoot I'm sore after every game. ... It's nothing more different than any other week."
Johnson rushed for 167 yards and also caught a touchdown pass in the 40-17 victory against Georgia on Nov. 11, so getting him back on the field is paramount to Auburn's success.
Still, the moment Johnson was motionless on the grass inside the stadium in the fourth quarter Saturday was scary. Fans started chanting Johnson's first name as he was helped off the field.
"That brought tears to my eyes. I was good until that happened," Johnson said.
The junior added he is "confident" in himself to return and will not count himself out for the SEC Championship until he is told otherwise by team doctors.
"This game is huge for me," Johnson said. "We set this goal as a team, so obviously I set it as a player. These are the games you go to big-time schools for."
*** Subscribe: Get the best Auburn intel and every scoop FOR FREE for 7 days ***
*** Get free breaking news in the Auburn Undercover newsletter ***
EG.lectR Profile Blog Joined September 2010 United States 590 Posts Last Edited: 2012-09-04 23:55:39 #1 @colindeshong
Betelgeuse Profile Joined February 2012 Canada 192 Posts #2 So does the loser get their RC sponsorship revoked? Through victory, my chains are broken.
MetalPanda Profile Joined April 2012 Canada 1152 Posts #3 pretty good idea! might tune in!
Laneir Profile Joined September 2010 United States 1146 Posts #4 Will be good games excited to see how this goes Follow me on Twitter @Laneirstarcraft | Liquid Tera GM | liquidtera.shivtr.com
Torte de Lini Profile Blog Joined September 2010 Germany 30667 Posts #5 Will be good to see Fnatic use Trixi now eh? https://twitter.com/#!/TorteDeLini (@TorteDeLini)
Shibbywan Profile Joined August 2012 Canada 87 Posts #6 alright this is sick, gonna watch EG.Dota vs Fnatic.Dota :D theres tons of micro and multi unit control in dota
Hellspawn_ Profile Joined January 2012 Croatia 28 Posts #7 "Draskyl" is the name of the Dota co-commentator
Seanza Profile Joined November 2011 154 Posts #8 This is going to be SO awesome! Especially being able to join the commentators and teams in RC!
Sufr1r Profile Joined February 2010 Spain 78 Posts #9 Wasn't Azael some WoW guy? Is he trying to break into SC2 casting now? Seems odd. Dota 2 ||| CLG Na`Vi Mouz mTw Zenith. Too many good teams to support!
CeriseCherries Profile Blog Joined May 2011 4818 Posts #10 On September 05 2012 08:52 Sufr1r wrote:
Wasn't Azael some WoW guy? Is he trying to break into SC2 casting now? Seems odd.
Hes been casting EGMC for a while and he's pretty good. he knows what he's talking about without being boring Hes been casting EGMC for a while and he's pretty good. he knows what he's talking about without being boring Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
iruga Profile Joined December 2010 United States 27 Posts #11 he's been casting SC2 for eg masters cup for a while i believe.
mrRoflpwn Profile Blog Joined February 2011 United States 2611 Posts #12 Umm EG Dota is wayyy better than fnatic dota...
Though they are much more even in sc2! gogo Fnatic! Long live the Boss Toss!
calippo Profile Joined March 2011 Sweden 855 Posts #13 Azael yeeeeeeeah in it for the game not for the .... - PMS Army. [WUFC-SDK. VIM. PMS]
NB Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Canada 8107 Posts Last Edited: 2012-09-05 00:18:02 #14 This is cool. EG would probably stomp fnatic if they dont use standin.
also it is a horrible idea to put this into sponsor thread instead of DotA2 tournament. Im daed. Follow me @TL_NB
Implenia Profile Joined August 2012 Austria 1972 Posts #15 Will we see the new fnatic team around Powernet?
Master of DalK Profile Blog Joined June 2012 Canada 1610 Posts #16 EVIL GENIUSES HWAITING~! For DotA2 I'm pretty sure that EG will win. For SC2 I want EG to win, don't know for sure though =/ @MasterDalK | Technical Director at Waveform Entertainment | Streaming Every Esport Under the Sun
Target2 Profile Joined November 2011 7 Posts #17 How is this going to work with all the questions about EG's Dota lineup?
520 Profile Blogs Joined April 2009 United States 2530 Posts #18 On September 05 2012 09:17 NB wrote:
This is cool. EG would probably stomp fnatic if they dont use standin.
also it is a horrible idea to put this into sponsor thread instead of DotA2 tournament.
There's an SC2 tournament as well. Why would it only go in Dota 2 Tournament? There's an SC2 tournament as well. Why would it only go in Dota 2 Tournament? Writer
duoform Profile Joined August 2012 Spain 2814 Posts #19 FUCK YEAH! "I really like Marauders and Marines." - Flash
Glowbox Profile Joined June 2010 Netherlands 288 Posts #20 This is cool. Looking forward to both tournaments.
1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 Next All
Bangalore. Indias Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas programme has been delayed indeed, but to make up for it, HAL is now working on developing a new variant, LCA-I P, which will be equipped with an advanced AESA Radar and an electro-optic Electronic Warfare (EW) sensor suite.
For the second time in as many months Florida Gators basketball has boosted its frontcourt for the 2013-14 season after learning Thursday that Virginia Tech Hokies forward Dorian Finney-Smith has decided to transfer to the University of Florida, according to ESPN‘s Dave Telep and CBS Sports‘s Jeff Goodman.
A four-star prospect, the No. 8 forward and the No. 31 overall player in the country as ranked by Rivals.com when he committed to Virginia Tech in 2011, Finney-Smith (6'8” 192 lbs.) was an ACC All-Freshman Team member who averaged 6.3 points, 7.0 rebounds and 1.9 assists while starting 30 of 33 games last season.
Like former South Carolina power forward Damontre Harris, who decided to transfer to Florida on May 26, Finney-Smith will be forced to sit out the 2012-13 season per NCAA transfer rules but will fill a major position of need for the Gators when his redshirt season is up. Both players will be able to practice with the team next year, providing senior F Erik Murphy and juniors center Patric Young and F Will Yeguete with talented opponents to go up against each day.
The duo brings much-needed size to Florida's frontcourt, especially considering the Gators have not received any commitments taller than 6'6” as part of the 2012 (now completed) or 2013 (in progress) classes. UF notoriously missed out on a pledge from five-star PF Anthony Bennett (Henderson, NV) in May.
As OGGOA first reported when Harris made his decision, Florida never stopped pursuing Finney-Smith and had a plan in place scholarship-wise should he join the Gators as all 13 athletic scholarships are currently filled by roster players or incoming signees.
Finney-Smith chose UF over a list of possible destinations including Memphis, Louisville and Iowa State. He visited the other three schools but did not travel to Gainesville, FL as he was already familiar with the campus and head coach Billy Donovan.
OGGOA has reached out to a source close to the program and is awaiting confirmation.
A no-nonsense undercover agent meets his match when he poses as a teacher at a progressive elementary school in Kindergarten Cop 2, an all-new movie coming exclusively to home entertainment in 2016 from Universal 1440 Entertainment. A fish-out-of-water tale with laughs for the entire family, the film stars Dolph Lundgren (The Expendables 3, Workaholics) and Bill Bellamy (White Collar, Royal Pains). Kindergarten Cop 2 started filming in Vancouver on July 27.
“Kindergarten Cop grossed over $200 million worldwide and has been entertaining audiences of all ages,” said Glenn Ross, General Manager and Executive Vice President, Universal 1440 Entertainment. “In this exciting reboot, we introduce a unique blend of humor and action to the next generation of viewers, as well as share a reimagined version of the story with longtime fans who have made this an enduring family favorite.”
Kindergarten Cop 2 stars Dolph Lundgren and Bill Bellamy along with an adorable batch of young actors. The film is directed by Don Michael Paul (Jarhead 2: Field of Fire, Tremors 5: Bloodlines), from a script by David H. Steinberg (American Pie 2, Miss Dial) and produced by Mike Elliott (The Scorpion King 4: Quest for Power, Death Race 3: Inferno).
SYNOPSIS
Assigned to recover sensitive stolen data, a gruff FBI agent (Dolph Lundgren) goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher, but the school's liberal, politically correct environment is more than he bargained for.
#KinderCop2
About Universal 1440 Entertainment:
The Universal 1440 Entertainment banner develops and produces live-action and animated productions directly for distribution in all media worldwide. Since its formation in 2005, the group has assembled an exceptional roster of animated family fare, including the new animated feature-length film The Little Engine That Could; the Daytime Emmy(®)-winning “Curious George” television series on PBS KIDS; and a string of hit Barbie and American Girl movies, based on the world-renowned Mattel-branded dolls. The group also has successfully built upon some of Universal's highly celebrated live-action franchises, more recently launching the Tony Award(®)-nominated hit touring stage production “Bring It On: The Musical”; the epic action-adventure Scorpion King 4: Quest for Power; the adrenaline-fueled actioner Death Race 3: Inferno; and the latest in the terrifying suspense saga Curse of Chucky. Among the projects currently readying for release include the newest installments of the beloved family franchises, Curious George 3: Back To The Jungle, “R.L. Stine's Monsterville: Cabinet of Souls” and The Land Before Time.
Universal 1440 Entertainment is a production entity of Universal Pictures Home Entertainment (UPHE). Universal Pictures Home Entertainment (UPHE) is a unit of Universal Pictures, a division of Universal Studios (www.universalstudios.com). Universal Studios is part of NBCUniversal. NBCUniversal is one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group and world-renowned theme parks. NBCUniversal is a subsidiary of Comcast Corporation.
This article is about the use of the term "trivial name" in chemistry. For its use in biology, see Binomial nomenclature: History
nonsystematic name for a chemical substance
In chemistry, a trivial name is a nonsystematic name for a chemical substance. That is, the name is not recognized according to the rules of any formal system of chemical nomenclature such as IUPAC inorganic or IUPAC organic nomenclature. A trivial name is not a formal name and is usually a common name.
Generally, trivial names are not useful in describing the essential properties of the thing being named. Properties such as the molecular structure of a chemical compound are not indicated. And, in some cases, trivial names can be ambiguous or will carry different meanings in different industries or in different geographic regions. (For example, a trivial name such as white metal can mean various things.) On the other hand, systematic names can be so convoluted and difficult to parse that their trivial names are preferred. As a result, a limited number of trivial chemical names are retained names, an accepted part of the nomenclature.
Trivial names often arise in the common language; they may come from historic usages in, for example, alchemy. Many trivial names pre-date the institution of formal naming conventions. Names can be based on a property of the chemical, including appearance (color, taste or smell), consistency, and crystal structure; a place where it was found or where the discoverer comes from; the name of a scientist; a mythological figure; an astronomical body; the shape of the molecule; and even fictional figures. All elements that have been isolated have trivial names.
Definitions [ edit ]
In scientific documents, international treaties, patents and legal definitions, names for chemicals are needed that identify them unambiguously. This need is satisfied by systematic names. One such system, established by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), was established in 1950. Other systems have been developed by the American Chemical Society, the International Organization for Standardization, and the World Health Organization. However, chemists still use many names that are not systematic because they are traditional or because they are more convenient than the systematic names. These are called trivial names. The word "trivial", often used in a pejorative sense, was intended to mean "commonplace".[1]
In addition to trivial names, chemists have constructed semi-trivial names by appending a standard symbol to a trivial stem.[2] Some trivial and semi-trivial names are so widely used that they have been officially adopted by IUPAC; these are known as retained names.
Elements [ edit ]
Traditional names of elements are trivial, some originating in alchemy. IUPAC has accepted these names, but has also defined systematic names of elements that have not yet been prepared. It has adopted a procedure by which the scientists who are credited with preparing an element can propose a new name. Once the IUPAC has accepted such a (trivial) name, it replaces the systematic name.[1]
Origins [ edit ]
A plaque commemorating a mine in Ytterby where ore was obtained from which four new elements were isolated.
Curium was named after Pierre and Marie Sklodowska Curie.
Nine elements were known by the Middle Ages – gold, silver, tin, mercury, copper, lead, iron, sulfur, and carbon.[3] Mercury was named after the planet, but its symbol was derived from the Latin hydrargyrum, which itself comes from the greek υδράργυρος, meaning liquid silver; mercury is also known as quicksilver in English.[1] The symbols for the other eight are also derived from descriptions of their properties in Latin.[3]
Systematic nomenclature began after Louis-Bernard Guyton de Morveau stated the need for “a constant method of denomination, which helps the intelligence and relieves the memory”.[4] The resulting system was popularized by Antoine Lavoisier's publication of Méthode de nomenclature chimique (Method of Chemical Nomenclature) in 1787. Lavoisier proposed that elements be named after their properties. For the next 125 years, most chemists followed this suggestion, using Greek and Latin roots to compose the names; for example, hydrogen ("water-producing"), oxygen ("acid-producing"), nitrogen ("soda-producing"), bromine ("stink"), and argon ("no reaction") were based on Greek roots, while the names of iodine and chlorine were derived from the Greek words for their characteristic colors. Indium, rubidium, and thallium were similarly named for the colors of particular lines in their emission spectra. Iridium, which forms compounds of many different colors, takes its name from iris, the Latin for "rainbow".[3] The noble gases have all been named for their origin or properties. Helium comes from the Greek helios, meaning "sun" because it was first detected as a line in the spectrum of the sun (it is not known why the suffix -ium, which is used for metals, was chosen).[5] The other noble gases are neon ("new"), argon ("slow, lazy"), krypton ("hidden"), xenon ("stranger"), and radon ("from radium").[6]
Many more elements have been given names that have little or nothing to do with their properties. Elements have been named for celestial bodies (helium, selenium, tellurium, for the sun, moon, and earth; cerium and palladium for Ceres and Pallas, two asteroids). They have been named for mythological figures, including Titans in general (titanium) and Prometheus in particular (promethium); Roman and Greek gods (uranium, neptunium, and plutonium) and their descendents (tantalum for Tantalus, a son of Zeus, and niobium for Niobe, a daughter of Tantalus); and Norse deities (vanadium for the goddess Vanadis and thorium for the god Thor).[6]
Some elements were named for aspects of the history of their discovery. In particular, technetium and promethium were so named because the first samples detected were artificially synthesised; neither of the two has any isotope sufficiently stable to occur in nature on Earth in significant quantities. The connection to the Titan Prometheus was that he had been fabled to have stolen fire from the gods for mankind.
Discoverers of some elements named them after their home country or city. Marie Curie named polonium after Poland; ruthenium, gallium, germanium, and lutetium were based on the Latin names for Russia, France, Germany, and Paris. Other elements are named after the place where they were discovered. Four elements, terbium, erbium, ytterbium, and yttrium were named after a Swedish village Ytterby, where ores containing them were extracted.[3] Other elements named after places are magnesium (after Magnesia), strontium, scandium, europium, thulium (after an old Roman name for the far north of Scandinavia), holmium, copper (derived from Cyprus, where it was mined in the Roman era), hafnium, rhenium, americium, berkelium, californium, and darmstadtium.[6]
For the elements up to 92 (uranium), naming elements after people was discouraged. The two exceptions are indirect, the elements being named after minerals that were themselves named after people. These were gadolinium (found in gadolinite, named after the Finnish chemist Johan Gadolin) and samarium (the mineral samarskite was named after a Russian mining engineer, Vasili Samarsky-Bykhovets). Among the transuranium elements, this restriction was relaxed, there followed curium (after the Curies), einsteinium, fermium (Enrico Fermi), mendelevium (Dmitri Mendeleev), nobelium (Alfred Nobel), and lawrencium (after Ernest Lawrence).[6][7]:320
Relation to IUPAC standards [ edit ]
IUPAC has established international standards for naming elements. The first scientist or laboratory to isolate an element has the right to propose a name; after a review process, a final decision is made by the IUPAC Council. In keeping with tradition, names can be based on a mythological concept or character, astronomical object, mineral, place, property of the element or scientist.[4] For those elements that have not yet been discovered, IUPAC has established a systematic name system. The names combine syllables that represent the digits of the atomic number, followed by "-ium". For example, "unununium" is element 111 ("un" being the syllable for 1).[8] However, once the element has been found, the systematic name is replaced by a trivial one, in this case roentgenium.[1]
The IUPAC names for elements are intended for use in the official languages. At the time of the first edition of the IUPAC Red Book (which contains the rules for inorganic compounds), those languages were English and French; now English is the sole official language.[9] However, other languages still have their own names for elements. The chemical symbol for tungsten, W, is based on the German name wolfram, which is found in wolframite and comes from the German for "wolf's foam", how the mineral was known to Saxon miners. The name tungsten means "heavy stone", a description of scheelite, another mineral in which tungsten is found.[10] The German names for hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen are Wasserstoff (water substance), Sauerstoff (acid substance), and Stickstoff (smothering substance). Russian names for hydrogen, oxygen and carbon are "vodorod", "kislorod" and "uglerod" (generating water, acid and coal respectively). The corresponding Chinese names are qīngqì (light gas), yǎngqì (nourishing gas), and dànqì (diluting gas). A scheme for translating chemical names into Chinese was developed by John Fryer and Xu Shou in 1871. Where traditional names were well established, they kept them; otherwise, a single character for a name was compounded out of one of the five xing (phases) – metal, wood, water, fire, and earth – and a sound from the English name of the element.[11]
Inorganic chemistry [ edit ]
Early terminology for compound chemicals followed similar rules to the naming of elements. The names could be based on the appearance of the substance, including all five senses. In addition, chemicals were named after the consistency, crystalline form, a person or place, its putative medical properties or method of preparation.[12]:68
Salt (sodium chloride) is soluble and is used to enhance the taste of food. Substances with similar properties came to be known as salts, in particular Epsom salt (magnesium sulfate, found in a bitter saline spring in the English town of Epsom). Ammonium (with the little-used formal name nitrogen trihydride) was first extracted from sal ammoniac, meaning "salt of Amun". Ancient Romans noticed crystals of it in Egyptian temples devoted to the god Amun; the crystals had condensed from the smoke of burning camel dung.[13] Lead acetate was called sugar of lead.[12]:70,77–78 However, other names like sugar of lead (lead(II) acetate), butter of antimony (antimony trichloride), oil of vitriol (sulfuric acid), and cream of tartar (potassium bitartrate) borrowed their language from the kitchen.[12]:65–66 Many more names were based on color; for example, hematite, orpiment, and verdigris come from words meaning "blood-like stone", "gold pigment", and "green of Greece".[12]:70
Some names are based on their use. Lime is a general name for materials combining calcium with carbonates, oxides or hydroxides; the name comes from a root "sticking or adhering"; its earliest use was as mortar for construction.[14]
Water has several systematic names, including oxidane (the IUPAC name), hydrogen oxide, and dihydrogen monoxide (DHMO). The latter was the basis of the dihydrogen monoxide hoax, a document that was circulated warning readers of the dangers of the chemical (for example, it is fatal if inhaled).[15][16]
Organic chemistry [ edit ]
In organic chemistry, some trivial names derive from a notable property of the thing being named. For instance, lecithin, the common name for phosphatidylcholine, was originally isolated from egg yolk. The word is coined from the Greek λέκιθος (lékithos) for yolk.[17][18]
Many trivial names continue to be used because their sanctioned equivalents are considered too cumbersome for everyday use. For example, "tartaric acid", a compound found in wine, has a systematic name of 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioic acid. The pigment β-Carotene has an IUPAC name of 1,3,3-trimethyl-2-[(1E,3E,5E,7E,9E,11E,13E,15E,17E)-3,7,12,16-tetramethyl-18-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohexen-1-yl)octadeca-1,3,5,7,9,11,13,15,17-nonaenyl]cyclohexene.[19] However, the trivial name can be potentially confusing. Based on their names, one might infer that α-Carotene, β-Carotene, δ-Carotene and ζ-Carotene are closely related in structure, origin or function, but they are not.[20]
Several organic molecules have semitrivial names where the suffixes -ane (for an alkane) or -ene (for an alkene) are added to a name based on the shape of the molecule.[7]:xi Some are pictured below. Other examples include barrelene (shaped like a barrel),[7]:58 fenestrane (having a window-pane motif),[7]:55 ladderane (a ladder shape), olympiadane (having a shape with the same topology as the Olympic rings) and quadratic acid (also known as squaric acid).
Based on fiction [ edit ]
The antibiotic Rudolphomycin is named after the character Rodolfo from the opera La Bohème
The Bohemic acid complex is a mixture of chemicals obtained through fermentation of a species of actinobacteria. In 1977 the components were isolated and have been found useful as antitumor agents and anthracycline antibiotics. The authors named the complex (and one of its components, bohemamine) after the opera La bohème by Puccini, and the remaining components were named after characters in the opera: alcindoromycin (Alcindoro), collinemycin (Colline), marcellomycin (Marcello), mimimycin (Mimi), musettamycin (Musetta), rudolphomycin (Rodolfo) and schaunardimycin (Schaunard).[7]:64[21] However, the relationships between the characters do not correctly reflect the chemical relationships.[22]
A research lab at Lepetit Pharmaceuticals, led by Piero Sensi, was fond of coining nicknames for chemicals that they discovered, later converting them to a form more acceptable for publication. The antibiotic Rifampicin was named after a French movie, Rififi, about a jewel heist. They nicknamed another antibiotic "Mata Hari" before changing the name to Matamycin.[22]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A father's loving gesture has gone viral after the mother's outrageous reaction.
Black dad Nick Harris shared screenshots of a racist text conversation with his baby's mother, who happens to be white.
Harris had taken their young daughter to get her hair cornrowed – something that a lot of black and mixed race kids do on a regular basis.
The mother, identified only as “Babymom,” responded by using racist language in the texts.
She told her baby daddy that she did not want her daughter to have an “ugly black hairstyle.”
The screenshots from Harris's baby momma are pretty disgusting and she seems to be unaware that her daughter is in fact biracial – and that she slept with a black man to make her.
Throughout the back and forth Nick seems to stay totally calm, despite the verbal abuse she hurls at him.
“She looks black and she's not!” writes the mother.
Nick made the simple, solid point that his daughter is biracial and her mother should be able to love all of her.
“It's crazy that you can't accept the ‘black' half of our child,” he wrote.
“She's not more white or more black. She's mixed, a beautiful mixed baby whose hair looks great in many different styles.”
The conversation unfortunately continues, with the mother arguing that the hairdresser probably “hurt her baby.”
She threatens to slap Harris, calls him a “f**kin idiot,” and says that she would prefer her daughter's hair in a “French braid.”
“It truly amazes me that you hate half your daughter,” writes Nick.
Me too. Wow. I hope that now this post has gone viral this racist mom can be shamed into seeking educating herself – if not for her sake but for her young daughter.
PARIS—The head of the European Space Agency's launcher directorate on July 7 issued a surprising endorsement of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket during a French parliamentary hearing that was ostensibly about the status of Europe's next-generation Ariane 6 vehicle.
Gaele Winters, who is expected to ask ESA's check-writing body on July 16 to approve a nearly $3 billion contract with Airbus Safran Launchers to develop Ariane 6, said the June 28 Falcon 9 failure in no way changes ESA's assessment of SpaceX.
“We have seen the outstanding success of Falcon 9,” Winters said. “Despite the issue of about a week ago, it is a fantastic track record for this launcher.”
Winters was addressing the French Parliamentary Office for the Evaluation of Scientific and Technological Choices, which regularly reviews Europe's and France's space policy.
But as has been the case with most French government space policy meetings in recent years, this one devoted a good deal of time to SpaceX – its status and its progress toward developing a partially reusable Falcon 9.
European launch service provider Arianespace and SpaceX have the global commercial launch market about to themselves for the moment, pending the return of Russia's Proton rocket to commercially acceptable status following its failures.
Arianespace Chief Executive Stephane Israel told the hearing that the SpaceX failure is a reminder that humility ought to be the approach taken by all launch providers.
From his vantage point as the head of SpaceX's principal commercial-market competitor, Israel said SpaceX's failure adds to the list of challenges for the Hawthorne, California-based company.
“They will need to meet the challenge of the return to flight – and of course they will succeed in this – at the same time as they plan a very aggressive increase in launch cadence, boost the performance of their engines, prepare the introduction of a new launcher [the Falcon Heavy] and move toward the reuse of part of their system.
“We'll see how they untie this knot of challenges,” Israel said.
Israel and other European space industry officials in recent months have expressed frustration that, even as they revamp their industrial organization for Ariane 6, some European government officials are more interested in talking about SpaceX's rocket-reuse effort and asking why Europe isn't doing likewise.
That frustration was in evidence July 7 as Israel and other witnesses at the hearing fielded parliamentary questions regarding the choice of the expendable Ariane 6.
Michel de Rosen, chief executive of satellite fleet operator Eutelsat of Paris, urged lawmakers to set aside thoughts of a better launch vehicle until the Ariane 6 is in operation starting in 2020.
“We need a utility vehicle at competitive prices, not a sports car or a luxury car,” de Rosen said. “Any improvements you want to make to Ariane 6 are fine, so long as the improvements don't lead to program delays. That would be making the better the enemy of the good.”
De Rosen said Eutelsat, which has offered to fly a satellite on the inaugural Ariane 6 launch, has used the Ariane rocket to launch most of its current fleet of 34 telecommunications satellites in geostationary orbit. He admitted that Eutelsat has shown a bias toward Ariane out of “loyalty to Europe,” but that as a publicly traded company it cannot abandon value-for-money priorities.
“Our shareholders would not understand it if, on the pretext of buying European, we pay more for launches than our competitors – especially when our two principal competitors, based in Luxembourg, pay three times less in taxes than we do.” He was referring to SES and Intelsat.
Airbus Safran Launchers, the joint-venture company that will design and build Ariane 6, is in final negotiations with ESA on the terms of a contract expected to be valued at around 2.6 billion euros ($2.9 billion) and to be presented on July 16 to ESA's Industrial Policy Committee for approval.
Winters said the July 16 date is still holding but that several issues remain to be resolved, notably whether Ariane 6 will be integrated vertically, as all previous Ariane vehicles, or horizontally. Horizontal integration would offer long-term cost savings but raise short-term issues as the Ariane 6 contracting team adapts to the new way of assembling a rocket.
The fundamental objectives of Ariane 6, which was approved by ESA governments in December in direct response to SpaceX's low-priced Falcon 9, are to cut Ariane 5 prices by 50 percent and to do away with the annual 100 million in subsidies now given by ESA to Evry, France-based Arianespace for the Ariane 5.
Alain Charmeau, chief executive of Airbus Safran Launchers, said the two sides are “very close to convergence” on the contract terms and conditions. Airbus has said previously that in addition to ESA's investment, Airbus Safran Launchers will invest 400 million euros of its own into Ariane 6 development.
Charmeau said his company's planned purchase of the 35 percent of Arianespace now held by the French space agency, CNES, is likely to occur “toward the end of the year.”
The design-to-cost approach for Ariane 6 is forcing Europe's rocket industrial base to make deep cuts to its cost structure. Depending on how much business Ariane 6 can capture once it is operational, the new vehicle may force a sharp downsizing among the participating companies – a fact rarely voiced in France.
It was left to Hans Steininger, chief executive of MT Aerospace of Augsburg, Germany – a major Ariane component builder – to say so directly to the French lawmakers.
“Streamlining by companies like mine is being done now and will continue over the years,” Steininger said. “It will be a painful process. In the long term, we're talking of a reduced work force.”
SALT LAKE CITY -- A Utah teen accused of punching a soccer referee who later died was charged Wednesday with homicide by assault, a count issued when an attack unintentionally causes death.
Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill also said he will seek to try the teen as an adult in the death of 46-year-old Ricardo Portillo.
The charge is less serious than manslaughter. It carries a possible sentence of up to five years in prison for adults, but penalties can be less for juveniles.
Gill said it became clear in looking at the facts that the teenager's actions didn't amount to murder or manslaughter.
"We did not believe we could demonstrate the premeditation or intent to justify those charges," Gill told The Associated Press. "Those other charges require another type of mental state. We did not believe that type of mental state was present."
The fact that the teenager will soon turn 18, combined with the seriousness of what happened, led Gill to push to have him tried as an adult. The chance of the teen's rehabilitation is minimal, prosecutors said in court documents. A juvenile court judge will ultimately rule on that request.
The 17-year-old, whose name is being withheld by The Associated Press because he's a minor, has been in juvenile detention since April 27 when the incident occurred at a recreational-league soccer match in a Salt Lake City suburb.
Authorities say the teenager was playing goalie when 46-year-old Ricardo Portillo called a penalty on him for pushing an opposing player. The teenager began arguing with Portillo and then struck him in the head.
Portillo was taken to the hospital in fair condition. Hours later, he went into a coma. He never regained consciousness and died Saturday.
Funeral services were being held Wednesday night in Salt Lake City for Portillo, who leaves behind three daughters and four grandchildren.
An afternoon wake was held from 1 to 7 p.m., followed by a procession in which a group of men carried a wooden casket carrying Portillo's remains about a quarter mile to a nearby Catholic church.
About 200 people -- most wearing white shirts -- packed into the Lady of Guadalupe Church in Salt Lake City for an evening funeral service conducted in Spanish.
Portillo was born in Mexico, but had lived in Utah for the past 17 years.
Family members said Portillo loved soccer, and had been working as a referee in different leagues for eight years. His oldest daughter, Johana Portillo, said he had been attacked before by players, even having his legs and ribs broken. Though his daughters begged him to quit, he said he couldn't give up his passion.
Portillo was a longtime referee, but he was not licensed by the Utah Soccer Referee Committee.
The incident occurred in a game held by La Liga Continental de Futbol, an unaffiliated soccer league created in 2009. The league holds games for children ages 4 to 17 each Saturday at a junior high school field in Taylorsville.
The oldest of Portillo's three daughters, Johana Portillo, declined comment about the charges through family spokesman Tony Yapias.
Yapias said Ricardo Portillo was well known in the community, and once said that he would someday be a famous soccer referee.
"How ironic," he said. "What has happened as a result of this is just that."
The league president, Mario Vasquez, said earlier this week that the league will hold an adult, co-ed soccer tournament in Portillo's honor May 25-26. The funds will go to his family.
When the city redesigned and rebuilt Roncesvalles Avenue, it tried an experiment with new bike lanes. And while the city and the TTC say they're happy with the design, many cyclists, pedestrians and TTC users are not.
Cyclist Tim May is frustrated with the so-called "bump outs" — elevated concrete platforms that run only in front of streetcar stops along Roncesvalles.
"Some urban planner did not get this right," said May.
The bump outs create a 10 to 20 metre-long stretch at each streetcar stop where the bike lane double as a place where transit users can board the streetcar.
'Bump outs' create confusion
Cyclist Jonathan Armstrong says the bump outs are creating problems.
"A lot of people, when they're waiting for the streetcar, they don't notice that it's a cyclists' lane too — even though it's painted."
Pedestrians and commuters "stand in the middle of the lane," said Armstrong.
The city's cycling infrastructure manager, Daniel Egan, was surprised to hear the complaints. He said pedestrians are supposed to cross the cycling path in order to get on the streetcar.
TTC user Kirsten Almon is confused, too. "It seems like a place people could walk but if someone is flying down the street, you'd have to run and get out of the way."
"When you're going for the streetcar — or just stepping out to see if it's coming — it could be a dangerous situation," said Chris Merchant.
The bump outs are the first of their kind in the city.
Both the TTC and the city say they are happy with them, though there are no plans to build others like them.
Having become the first true defensive midfielder to sign for Manchester United since Owen Hargreaves in 2007, Morgan Schneiderlin wasted little time in filling an eight-year void on debut against Club America.
The France international, a £24m signing from Southampton, scored with a looping header after just five minutes, but it was his contribution at the heart of midfield which caught the eye.
Defensively, the 25-year-old was like a sponge in front of the back-four, soaking up pressure and breaking up Club America attacks.
But Schneiderlin was also creative, launching long passes and energetically covering the middle third while Michael Carrick sat deep.
With Schneiderlin, United now have the legs and energy that they have lacked for too long.
DEPAY NEEDS TO DEVELOP GREATER AWARENESS:
Memphis Depay has arrived at Manchester United with a reputation for pace and goals from his time at PSV Eindhoven.
The 21-year-old started in a role just behind Wayne Rooney at CenturyLink Field and was a constant presence buzzing around the final third.
But on more than one occasion, the Dutch winger chose to go it alone with the ball rather than feeding a team-mate in a better position, with Ashley Young, in particular, showing his frustration at being ignored by his new team-mate.
Depay's self-confidence is a strength, but a lack of awareness of his team-mates will be exposed if he fails to smooth off the rough edges in the Premier League.
LUKE SHAW HAS SHARPENED UP DURING HIS SUMMER OFF:
Twelve months ago, Louis van Gaal welcomed Luke Shaw to Manchester United with a public criticism of the teenager's fitness during the pre-season tour of the United States.
The left-back struggled to recover from his false start, enduring an injury-interrupted first campaign at Old Trafford which resulted in Van Gaal winning his battle for the 20-year-old to miss the European Under-21 Championships.
Shaw has clearly spent his time off working himself into shape, however, with the former Southampton defender looking much leaner and fitter than a year ago.
Shaw was a constant in the Southampton team before arriving at United, but he needs to stay fit and build his confidence in order to make up for his disappointing first season.
UNITED NEED TO BUY ANOTHER STRIKER:
Despite selling Robin van Persie to Fenerbahce and rejecting the chance to sign Radamel Falcao on a permanent deal, Louis van Gaal has yet to add to his attacking options, but United looked short of firepower in Seattle.
Memphis Depay has been suggested as an auxiliary striker with Wayne Rooney leading the line, but after those two, United are left with teenager James Wilson and Javier Hernandez, whose return from a season-long loan at Real Madrid has been delayed by a collarbone injury.
If Rooney suffers an injury this season, United would be worrying short of options and the picture of what that scenario would look like was evident in the second-half against Club America, with Wilson and Adnan Januzaj up front.
To compete for the title, United need to find a proven forward to replace Van Persie and Falcao.
ADNAN JANUZAJ NEEDS TO REDISCOVER HIS YOUTHFUL PROMISE:
It is now two years since Adnan Januzaj burst onto the scene with a series of exciting performances during Manchester United's summer tour of the Far East and Australia in 2013.
The Belgian winger endured a classic case of second-season syndrome last year, struggling to convince Louis van Gaal of his worth following his impressive debut campaign under David Moyes.
Against Club America, Januzaj was a second-half substitute, but the 20-year-old failed to grasp his opportunity and stake his claim for greater involvement this season.
With Van Gaal displaying a ruthless streak when dealing with players deemed not up to the job, Januzaj needs to grasp the nettle quickly.
Just a quick note- I decided on doing two bulk posts for former Rangers that skated with the club last season and split them up in a way that featured the two key departures among Rangers' skaters; Carl Hagelin and Martin St. Louis. Enjoy!
--
Carl Hagelin
Thank you, Haggy. Thank you.
The swift-footed Swede that had been with the Rangers since the 2011-12 season will be playing his hockey with the Anaheim Ducks next season. Hagelin entered the 2014-15 season looking to build on a 33 point effort in 2013-14 with the Blueshirts. Hagelin was one of only 3 Rangers that played in every regular season game last season and that is one of the reasons why he was able to accumulate 35 points, the most since his rookie year with the Rangers. He did all of this with no significant power play ice time to speak of and while playing a largely defensive role. We have heard it often, but the case for Hagelin being one of the best third line players in the game is a pretty strong one and he certainly played that way for stretches of last season.
Hagelin's offense was once again inconsistent despite matching his career-high in goals with 17 last season (3 Engs, 1 PPG). In the last 25 games of the season Haggy scored just 3 goals, the last of which was an empty-netter against the Devils on April 7th. There were times when it felt like he might finally eclipse the 20 goal mark but going cold in the last quarter of the season put an end to Hagelin's hunt for 20. He certainly didn't make the kind of impact that puts him on the radar of fantasy hockey devotees, but Hagelin's penalty killing, speed, and possession-driving play made him a very valuable player in the Rangers' lineup for yet another season. However, as Kevin Power pointed out back in late January most of us knew that Hagelin was quickly becoming an expendable player on the Rangers because of the contract he was due, his questionable offensive instincts, and his struggles to translate all of that hard work into goals and assists. Without the puck he might have been the best Rangers' forward last season, but when it was on his stick there was a lot to be desired from the Michigan graduate.
Uh, yeah, he drives possession.
Hagelin's 15:03 TOI/G put him at 7th among all Rangers' forwards last season and his 1:57 SH TOI/G meant that he was the second-most used penalty killing forward, behind only defensive archmage Dominic Moore. Hagelin's cap hit for 2014-15 was $2.25 million and the Rangers were hoping that his hands might gain some ground in the dead tortoise and hare race that exists between them and his legs. Although the offense came in fits in bursts and earned Hagelin some criticism, it is not where his true value lies. At even strength Hagelin both drove possession and helped to generate scoring chances. To get a deeper look into the numbers behind Haggy and his real value, check out Dave Shapiro from Blue Seat Blog's piece predicting Hagelin's next contract back in June.
Hagelin was solid and dependable in his big contract year and was never a detriment to the club when he was on the ice.
Grade: A-
If those hands ever catch up to those feet Carl Hagelin will end up being a bargain at $4 million AAV for the Anaheim Ducks.
It's clear that the Blueshirts would not have been able to afford him even if they brought in a shaman to try and trick some of the other numbers on the Rangers' salary cap to suffer from identity crises and change who and what they were. The Rangers are going to miss his speed in a big, bad way but they would have missed the cap space that trading him opened up even more, especially when next offseason rolls around with the next harvest of key RFAs that need new deals. The departure of Hagelin will most likely be felt most in the possession game, the Rangers' exceptional play at evens, and on the penalty kill. The Rangers were one of the best team at evens last season and it goes without saying that Carl Hagelin was a big part of that.
Hagelin was moved this offseason as an unsigned RFA in the trade that landed the Rangers Emerson Etem during the 2015 NHL Draft [1] [2].
---
Seriously, watch Stemp's effort and goal at 0:34. Unreal.
As of the writing of this article Lee Stempniak remains an unsigned unrestricted free agent despite being a productive player for both the Rangers and the Winnipeg Jets last season. In 71 total regular games Stempniak picked up 15 goals and most of those games were spent being poorly utilized in 53 games with the Rangers' 4th line. Stempniak was 11th among Rangers' forwards in TOI/G with 12:26 and he was most frequently on the ice with Tanner Glass and Dominic Moore (21.38%) which made for some pretty tough sledding for a guy that was expected to add some offensive depth to the Rangers when he signed a 1-year deal for $900,000. With Moore and Glass on the ice with him there weren't a lot of quality scoring chances for Stemp.
Screw it, scratch the guy.
In a 23 game stretch from December 1st to February 12th Stempniak picked up just 1 goal and 3 assists in a big slump in his production, but considering how he was deployed by the coaching staff an 18 point effort in 53 games was pretty solid for a guy that took the body, skated well, and provided the team with a right-handed shot for an insignificant cap hit. Stempniak had 8 points in first 17 games with the Rangers but that didn't save him from being a healthy scratch more frequently than Tanner Glass was before he was inexplicably traded for Finnish AHLer Carl Klingberg who jumped over to the KHL this offseason.
Grade: B
If not for his spotty production, which I should point out was completely acceptable for a player that was used exclusively in the bottom six and in and out of the lineup on a frequent basis, Stempniak would be getting a better grade from me. Why didn't Alain Vigneault trust him and why the hell did the Rangers trade him? Can we go sign him right now? Nope. We got Jarret Stoll.
Hopefully Stempniak will get a shot with another NHL team in a training camp in September because as he proved with both the Rangers and the Jets last year he can still be an effective and useful player, especially if he is utilized appropriately.
---
Appropriately used.
Obviously 14 games is not much of a sample size to give a player a grade, but Sheppard was on the roster enough after deadline day and in the postseason to earn a mention in our report card posts. Sheppard, currently an unsigned UFA, was acquired from the San Jose Sharks for a 4th-round pick in 2016 on deadline day to serve as the Rangers' 12th/13th forward after Stempniak was sent to the Jets. Despite showing that he was better than the player everyone assumed he would be replacing in the lineup (Tanner Glass) in every conceivable way, Sheppard was a healthy scratch for 4 regular season games even after scoring a game-winning goal in his second game with the club.
In his 14 regular season games with the Blueshirts Shep picked up 2 goals and 9 PIM in his 11:21 TOI/G. For those of you keeping score at home, Tanner Glass had 1 goal and 5 assists to go along with 98 PIM in 66 games last season with the Rangers. Sheppard was predominantly used on the Rangers' 4th line with Glass on his opposite wing and Dominic Moore as his center and when he was in the lineup he was trusted with more ice time than Glass was although that might have been because the coaching staff was trying to get an idea of what he could provide the club with in the 2015 Playoffs.
Grade: n/a
Sheppard simply didn't play enough games to earn a grade for his play but it goes without saying that he was a significant improvement over Tanner Glass when he was in the Rangers' lineup. Unfortunately, he was very rarely in the lineup at the expense of Glass and spent most of his time on the ice in a Rangers' jersey skating with Glass. With that being said, Sheppard was hardly an exceptional player and didn't quite feel like he would have been worth the $1.3 million cap hit he had last season if he had been with the Rangers for the duration of the season (which I only say because he would have spent an ungodly amount of time in the press box). Then again, in the 57 games he played with the Sharks last season he had 5 goals and 11 assists so I get the feeling that Shep never got a chance to show us just how good he was.
Sheppard, who is 27 years old, should find a home on an NHL roster before the 2015-16 season gets underway because of his ability to play both wing and center, his big frame, and his toughness.
---
As always, thank you guys for reading and let's go Rangers!
What grades would you give Hagelin, Stempniak, and Sheppard for their play in the regular season with the Rangers in 2014-15? How about Hagelin and Sheppard's play in the 2015 postseason? Did the Rangers get enough for Hagelin from the Ducks? Did the Ducks sign Haggy for too much? Let me know what you think in the comments section.
Im gonna miss u so much but good luck on the beach in california⛅️☀️ boys in blueshirts 4eva A photo posted by matszuccarello (@matszuccarello) on Jun 27, 2015 at 8:12am PDT
Swedish pirate and norwegian dolphin! #Halloween A photo posted by matszuccarello (@matszuccarello) on Oct 29, 2014 at 5:22pm PDT
Enjoy California, sweet prince. Oh, and try not to show off the flow too much around Getzlaf. Best of luck with the Ducks, Haggy.
I was a golden week in Japan in last week and most of the figure manufacturers were on holiday so we don't have many Coming Soon news this week.
Erina Olegovna Aveen Bunny Girl Ver. by Broccoli
Metallica by Art Spirits
Saber Bride by Gift
Amatsuka Mao by Griffon Enterprises
Shamsiel by Lechery
Kazuno by Alter
Erina Olegovna Aveen Bunny Girl Ver. Manufacturer: Broccoli
Broccoli Scale: 1/8 scale, ~210mm tall
1/8 scale, ~210mm tall Product Type: PVC figure
PVC figure Announce Date: Unknown
Unknown Release Date: 2013
2013 Price: Unknown
Metallica Manufacturer: Art Spirits
Art Spirits Scale: Unknown
Unknown Product Type: PVC figure
PVC figure Announce Date: Unknown
Unknown Release Date: Unknown
Unknown Price: Unknown
Saber Bride Manufacturer: Gift
Gift Scale: Unknown
Unknown Product Type: PVC figure
PVC figure Announce Date: Unknown
Unknown Release Date: Unknown
Unknown Price: Unknown
Amatsuka Mao Manufacturer: Griffon Enterprises
Griffon Enterprises Scale: Unknown
Unknown Product Type: PVC figure
PVC figure Announce Date: Unknown
Unknown Release Date: Unknown
Unknown Price: Unknown
Shamsiel Manufacturer: Lechery
Lechery Scale: 1/8 scale
1/8 scale Product Type: PVC figure
PVC figure Announce Date: Unknown
Unknown Release Date: Unknown
Unknown Price: Unknown
FLINT, Mich. - Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder says he will drink Flint's water for roughly a month to show residents it is safe.
The Republican governor visited a house that had been confirmed to have high levels of lead and left with five gallons of water from a tap with a filter on it.
Snyder said Monday he understands that people have said that if officials say the water is OK, then he should drink it, too. He will get refills from other homes as needed.
"I completely understand why some Flint residents are hesitant to drink the water and I am hopeful I can alleviate some of the skepticism and mistrust by putting words to action," Snyder said in a news release. "Flint residents made it clear that they would like to see me personally drink the water, so today I am fulfilling that request. And I will continue drinking Flint water at work and at home for at least 30 days."
Complete Coverage: Flint Water Crisis
Flint is under a state of emergency after lead from old pipes leached into the supply because the water was not treated properly.
Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's role in the crisis, is urging residents to use filtered water for drinking and cooking.
Spent time with Cheryl, a Flint resident, at her home in the city and drank filtered #Flint water with her. pic.twitter.com/MQtgILxeKv — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) April 18, 2016
I also spoke with her about her water use, the use of filters, and collected #FlintWater to personally drink at work & at home. — Governor Rick Snyder (@onetoughnerd) April 18, 2016
Guidance for using filters:
The city of Flint, the state, and the EPA are all encouraging residents to use filtered water for drinking and cooking, as the team of experts agrees that data proves it is safe to use filtered water as a primary source of drinking water.
Test results indicate that filters are extremely effective in removing lead from water, even at very high levels.
Residents should be sure to properly maintain these filters to make sure they are operating correctly by replacing used cartridges and only running cold water through the filters.
Flushing instructions:
Step 1: Run cold water at the highest flow in the bathtub for 5 minutes. Do not use the showerhead because it has a lower flow rate.
Step 2: Bypass or remove your filter, then run cold water at the highest flow from the kitchen faucet for 5 minutes. Remember to turn your filter back on or reinstall it when done. EPA testing has shown filters are effective at removing even very high levels of lead.
Step 3: Do this every day for 14 days.
Aerator cleaning:
Residents need to clean the aerators of sink faucets once per week to remove any pieces of lead that may be or may become trapped inside the screen.
Aerators are the small screens which screw inside the opening of a faucet. Their job is to improve water flow and to catch any particles that may be floating loose in a home's pipes.
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Many councillors agree a new joint subway-LRT proposal for Scarborough is an improvement over earlier east-end transit plans. But even if they can make the tough decision to compromise and move ahead, questions remain about what gets built and how.
One cost-saving measure for the new subway line might be to go to a single, larger boring machine rather than the twin machines used, for example, on the Spadina subway extension, seen here. ( LUCAS OLENIUK / TORONTO STAR )
So what's at issue? Here's a look at the challenges ahead: One long tunnel
The tunnel near the Sheppard West station for the Spadina subway extension. At six kilometres, the tunnel between Kennedy Station and Scarborough City Centre would be the longest section on the TTC. ( Keith Beaty )
Article Continued Below
At six kilometres, the tunnel between Kennedy Station and Scarborough City Centre would be the longest section on the TTC. Right now, that distinction goes to the 2.5-kilometre tunnel between St. Clair West and Eglinton West stations. Longer tunnels aren't necessarily dangerous. After all, the Channel tunnel between England and France is more than 50 kilometres, much of it underwater. But a longer tunnel has higher ventilation requirements that can cost tens of millions of dollars. The big dig
Two boring machines were used for the Spadina subway extension. The higher cost of a large single borer can be offset by savings from not having to dig down to build stations, according to a transit expert, who did not want to be named. ( Victor Biro )
One potential money-saving technique likely to be considered would be using a single borer instead of the twin machines used on the Spadina subway extension and Eglinton Crosstown line. Single boring technology, used in Barcelona, creates a tunnel wide enough for two tracks and the platforms. The higher cost of a large single borer can be offset by savings from not having to dig down to build stations, according to a transit expert, who did not want to be named. That may seem less important if the city creates a single-stop subway rather than three stations. The same expert, however, said it would be foolish not to project for future stations. To go back later to build a station in the middle of the line would require breaking the tunnel, disrupting service and risking its integrity. The four giant boring machines used on the Eglinton Crosstown cost $54 million. Ridership
Ridership projections of the latest proposals aren't available yet, adn they won't be ready for council when it votes on the new plan. ( Lucas Oleniuk )
Ridership projections for the latest proposal aren't yet available, and chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat confirmed those numbers will not be ready for council when it first votes on the new plan. The same was true when council first voted to back the three-stop subway, a decision now said to be lacking planning rationale. Questionable ridership numbers were used then to justify switching from the planned seven-stop LRT to a three-stop subway. City planners will forecast ridership using the city's new computer modeling tool, which takes into account factors such as population density and the overall transit network. Forecasting isn't science, says Keesmaat, because it depends on what assumptions are plugged into the model.
Article Continued Below
Senior transportation planner David Crowley says transit decisions are too dependent on those forecasts. “Modelling and demand forecasting isn't planning. It's an input to planning,” he said. The latest Scarborough proposal isn't any better than the previous version when it comes to providing transit where it's most needed, he said. A relief line running from Sheppard and Don Mills, intersecting with the east end of the Danforth subway and into the downtown around Queen St., is a better option, he said. As long as 48 per cent of Scarborough trips don't leave the boundaries of Scarborough, ridership will never justify the $3.56-billion cost. “For what they're planning to do, you could do five times more by extending the bus service, particularly to south York Region, where Scarborough residents increasingly work,” he said. Trains on track
If every train on the Bloor-Danforth line travels all the way east to the Scarborough City Centre, the TTC will need to buy more trains, or force riders to wait longer between them. ( Marcus Oleniuk )
Service delivery will be affected by the plan. If every train on the Bloor-Danforth line travels all the way east to the Scarborough City Centre, the TTC will need to buy more trains, or force riders to wait longer between them. One possibility is to run only every second or third train to the end, turning the rest back at Kennedy Station. Running all trains end-to-end would eliminate the need to build an expensive tail track at Kennedy, but more trains would be needed to maintain the same frequency of service. Above ground vs. underground
TTC chair Councillor Josh Colle plans to ask staff to study the engineering questions involved, having to do with track elevation, degree of turns and how much tunnelling would still be required. ( Marcus Oleniuk )
Though Mayor John Tory and his supporters are committed to building a subway to Scarborough City Centre as pledged during his campaign, there are questions about the potential savings that could come from running it above-ground through Scarborough, in its own right of way. TTC chair Councillor Josh Colle plans to ask staff to study the engineering questions involved, having to do with track elevation, degree of turns and how much tunnelling would still be required, depending on the alignment. “At the end of the day, you want that express subway service to the city centre. I don't think people care how it gets there,” he said. Keesmaat said she didn't dig into such options when she developed the proposal now before executive committee, but said she'd “welcome” looking at those questions. Tory said he is “willing to discuss anything that is going to give better transit to the people of Scarborough on a cost-effective basis, in as short a period of time as possible.” A subway for an LRT's job?
Some councillors have argued that an LRT might be better suited for transit to Scarborough City Centre.
Others, like Councillor Gord Perks, question the necessity of a subway at all to get to Scarborough City Centre, saying a one-stop subway that long amounts to commuter rail at a much higher cost. “At $2 billion, we have to ask ourselves: Is that the right investment? I don't think it is,” he said, pointing out that that amoount would be enough to basically wipe out a 10-year repair backlog at Toronto Community Housing. He argued that any honest discussion of the best technology for that route would not support a subway. Tory is refusing to even consider an LRT, saying he'd promised not to reopen that debate. With mounting criticism of the old three-stop subway plan, Tory admitted Thursday there was a real possibility council would have again overturned its own decision on Scarborough transit, scrapping the subway after earlier ditching a fully-funded, seven-stop LRT. Tory argued that kind of indecision risked putting investment from the provincial and federal governments in jeopardy.
Ron Paul addresses an overflow crowd in Cedar Falls, Iowa David Weigel/Slate
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa—“We're already done with Iowa,” Eric tells me after Ron Paul's latest speech. “We were done weeks ago.”
What does he mean? He opens his MacBook Air and clicks on a spreadsheet with information about the 3.5 million glossy campaign documents he's printing up for the “Ron Paul Super Brochure Precinct Blast.” Eric has started to fill orders for people in later primary states—6,849 for a volunteer in South Carolina, a few hundred for someone in Florida, where Eric lives. (Eric doesn't want to give a last name, as this would “take credit” away from project funder Curt Schultz.) Order a batch and you get your name printed on the back, in case you want to mail them to voters.
“It's not hidden, like a Super PAC,” says Eric. “It's all transparent.”
Everyone in Iowa will tell you that Ron Paul's Iowa campaign isn't Iowan enough. The other campaigns all say it, and reporters speculate about it. It's an important piece of the Iowa-caucus-doesn't-matter-anymore argument we'll hear if Paul wins the caucuses.
Unlike so much campaign chatter, this story is true. Talk to the man's supporters—I followed Paul on a north-central Iowa “whistle stop tour”—and you inevitably run into Minnesotans, South Dakotans, Illinoisans, and Wisconsinites, none of whom can caucus on Tuesday night. You see Indiana license plates on cars with “LEGALIZE THE CONSTITUTION” stickers. There are people who drive for half a day or more to hear Ron Paul talk for 20 minutes about noninterventionism, hard money, and Ludwig Von Mises.
None of that is new, but now it's strategy. One month ago, before any polls showed Paul leading in Iowa, the campaign started opening offices in the next round of caucus states—Colorado, Minnesota, Maine, North Dakota, Washington. Buzzfeed's Ben Smith followed up with the campaign this week, finding five more state HQs tilling the dirt for Paul, activists versed in the various local Necronomicons of delegate selection.
As I followed Paul around, chasing his six-seat plane in a four-seat Chevy Impala, I asked his supporters what they'd do next. In Cedar Rapids, Chris Stolba, 20, and Ian Hollinger, 18, were shooting the breeze about drug policy, waiting for Paul and his son Rand. (Switzerland, they claimed, had no marijuana prohibition. This seemed too good to check.) They were actual Iowans, volunteering with a “grassroots action center” to help out Paul. Would they have time to help out Paul in Minnesota, a long but doable drive up the highway? They hoped so, partly because they expected a long campaign.
“I read an article about Romney calling Obama Marie Antoinette, and the Obama campaign calling Romney a multimillionaire,” said Stolba. “They're being petty, and they're going to beat each other up so Paul can win.”
“They're the Mr. Potato [Head] candidates,” laughed Hollinger.
Nearby, a 29-year-old Air Force veteran named Andrew Struss gripped copies of Paul's most-recent books. He was talking to Norm and Darlene Stevenson, 86 and 83, newlyweds who'd met in their retirement community, and who'd switched from Huckabee in 2008 to Paul in 2012. Struss had supported Paul all along. “I drove here from Des Moines, because I couldn't get the signatures there,” he explained. “I'll keep driving until I get them.” Struss is from Minnesota and lives and votes in South Dakota. “I've already signed up to be a precinct captain there,” he said.
Paul and Paul arrived on time, after the crowd had hit 250. Ron Paul gave a shorter version of his classic stump, only mentioning the caucuses as an aside: “There's a good chance we're going to do very well tomorrow!” Rand Paul handled the tray of red meat. “You've got so-called conservative Republican candidates, traipsing around Iowa, who support foreign aid,” he said. “There's only one candidate who the Wall Street Journal referred to as ‘a statesman whose refusal to compromise is legendary.' ”
As his father shook hands, I asked Rand if he, like everyone else in the room, was ready for a long campaign. Would he be stumping for his dad in Kentucky's primary five months from now? “It just depends on how things go,” he said. “I'm definitely going to be in New Hampshire next week.” Another reporter asked him if his father would win the caucuses in Iowa, which make the rest of this easier. “It looks good.” What if Paul came in second? “That wouldn't be as good.”
The Pauls flew to Cedar Falls, a town of around 40,000. When Northern Iowa University is in session, Paul can draw upward of 500 to a campaign event. On this day, he drew around one-half that many, including some college students—students who aren't actually from Iowa can vote in the caucuses—and a couple of Democrats who wanted to cast anti-war Paul votes.
I talked to some ersatz Iowans before running into Paul Foss, who was holding a stack of Super Brochures. Where did I recognize him from? Oh, yes: Florida. For now, Foss was in Iowa helping to turn out votes in Chickasaw County. “We just got a list of 700 people to contact!” he reported. When he was done in the Midwest, he'd head back home to Florida, one of Paul's least promising states—he got 3.23 percent of the vote last time—and join the other supporters who'd been prepping for this since mid-2008. “It moves over to us, verrrrry quickly!”
Right outside of the room—Paul was long gone now—was Justin Gleason, wearing a sweatshirt reading “Want to know who this Iraq War Vet supports for PRESIDENT?” Hint: not Barack Obama.
“He didn't actually end the war, if you know the facts,” said Gleason. “We still have 17,000 contractors there. If it's not a war, it's a business venture, and I'm not going to support that.”
Gleason had come up to Iowa from Maryland, to work in a “grassroots office” in a supporter's house. When Iowa was wrapped, he'd go back to his state and help Paul prep for the April 3 primary there.
“They keep saying, ‘Oh, he's got a ceiling,' and then they say, ‘Oh, it doesn't matter if he wins,' ” said Gleason. “They can keep on saying that up until he's elected.”
Madison Ruppert, Contributor
Activist Post
Glasgow, Scotland is slated to become the first “smart city” in the United Kingdom after receiving a £24 million grant from the UK's Technology Strategy Board (TSB) which will result in wonderful benefits like facial recognition for the city's network of surveillance cameras.
Some of the initiatives sound a bit like other “smart city” programs, like the plans for the pilot program in San Francisco, especially in the quite troubling surveillance aspect. That being said, the surveillance in San Francisco goes far beyond the plans for the “smart” streetlight program even into the realm of so-called pre-crime.
Glasgow beat out 30 other cities in the UK to win the host what the TSB calls the “Future Cities Demonstrator.”
According to a TSB press release, “The Glasgow Future Cities Demonstrator aims to address some of the city's most pressing energy and health needs. For example, developing systems to help tackle fuel poverty and to look at long-standing health issues such as low life expectancy.”
However, it is clear that one of the major focuses is “improved crime prevention [and] a reduction in anti-social behavior.”
Indeed, as a recent BBC article notes, “Better use of CCTV camera technology will feed back to control centers, with the aim of preventing and reducing anti-social behavior.”
The BBC also notes that the city's CCTV cameras will be linked to the traffic management unit in order to identify traffic incidents more quickly.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
“It will use analytical software and security cameras to help identify and prevent crime in the city,” the BBC adds.
The system will be capable of “[i]mproved crime prevention and detection of crime as well as helping to reduce anti-social behavior incidents through the improved use of camera technology and the integration of data” according to the Glasgow City Council website.
The interesting aspect of that is the fact that analytical software will be used along with cameras to help prevent crime. One can only assume that some kind of technology similar to the pre-crime systems – formally known as “behavior recognition” or “behavioral suspect detection” – deployed in America will be used.
Additionally, according to Councilor Gordon Matheson, the leader of Glasgow City Council, it will also be used for tax collection.
“By linking everything from foot and vehicle traffic to council tax collection and hospital waiting lists we can ensure we are being as innovative and smart to meet the continued challenges of a modern and future city life,” Matheson said.
According to the BBC, other cities in the UK including Birmingham, Sunderland and London will be deploying similar technology in the near future.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! Did I forget anything or miss any errors? Would you like to make me aware of a story or subject to cover? Or perhaps you want to bring your writing to a wider audience? Feel free to contact me at [email protected] with your concerns, tips, questions, original writings, insults or just about anything that may strike your fancy. Please support our work and help us start to pay contributors by doing your shopping through our Amazon link or check out some must-have products at our store. This article first appeared at End the Lie. Madison Ruppert is the Editor and Owner-Operator of the alternative news and analysis database End The Lie and has no affiliation with any NGO, political party, economic school, or other organization/cause. He is available for podcast and radio interviews. Madison also now has his own radio show on UCYTV Monday nights 7 PM – 9 PM PT/10 PM – 12 AM ET. Show page link here: http://UCY.TV/EndtheLie. If you have questions, comments, or corrections feel free to contact him at [email protected] var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
Transcript for New Corvette: Popular Sports Car Gets Female Touch
It is the iconic American sports -- six decades of Corvette celebrated -- all new next generation thin red. Introduce this month in Detroit and New York sold everywhere this fall. I met with the chief designer and this is his baby in the design. This kind of take a look at it seems -- We've tried to shrink crap that if if you sit in the driver seat you'll see it looks like put his melted over the -- If you look at a lot of new cars introductions what you see. Is the whole for an end is coming up popped and that's because of European pedestrian protection. -- requirements where you have to protect occupants head striking the -- we've pushed her really down. Hype over the hardware not just in -- case but all around the car both the outside skin in the structure underneath. Is carbon fiber and that lets us -- the material properties to absorb the energy to meet that requirement. The new stingray nose seems more integrated the frame in the last generation and rear -- that reminds one of -- Ferrari. We certainly didn't set out -- Ferrari we set out come up with a new design that looks different in the ways of the looks different contribute to making it work better. The fact that this car producer so much more downforce and today's terror is a big reason. Why the standard cars or be faster early testing around the racetrack and as the Korean sports -- a -- performance model. Of today this first -- -- -- that the interior was designed by a woman. Personally assigned to path by GM and -- to design -- And Helen employee admits being nervous about the -- -- -- I'm giving the club that I just went quiet which for me as a -- -- an -- that meet the quiet is not normal. This is known has been known as the man's car -- -- Not as popular with women now it's can you have you suffered at all. National thinks bill I don't think so that wasn't always made -- -- -- -- tonight the thickest most minimal critical about materials and -- How things go to get than they Wear the colors some of them on but on that night. So you're looking for cars spear -- what's the mission. The mission must do to really make the content area and that the -- wants -- -- to -- the content that would. That would -- -- -- time have you -- -- and with -- with him into a political -- because the -- to the to have it to -- to contact -- We've had couldn't -- it but I've never been picked -- the name of the conference. I think it's a lot with details and can't look into the right thing. So by the comments by -- in human and it's you know -- its meal I hate it wrapped with life stance. Do we do -- ninth. This is the first Corvette to be dubbed the stingray since the 1980s. Putting the stingray -- on the car was the last to design -- we did. We talked about you know me which it calls -- stingray early on but we've set that aside and we said you know what. This -- -- such hallowed name in the auto industry -- her slap that had done anything on we see how we do personally make sure that we get -- are worthy of the name. And when we say worthy of the name that mean that incorporates a bunch of different variables one is the design statement. It has to be a great looking power -- has to have a formidable street presence. And it has to have a design language that evokes the Hydro dynamics that you think of when you think of a stingray moving through the water. The automaker hopes to distinguish this Corvette from previous month and not only in name. But also in almost all of its components. The -- -- uses an aluminum frame which is 57% stiffer and 99 pounds lighter than the steel -- used in the 2013. Corvette. Infected shares leaped to -- -- -- that. There's more than just -- it's got to have the functional technologies. You know. The performance. Well there are no EPA figures yet but Chevrolet engineers are hoping for low thirties on the highway. And confidently report that this will be the most efficient Corvette ever bottom line isn't getting you drive the -- of the best thing about it the -- it drives. The -- it looks. The impression for the drivers one of all leather in carbon fight the -- strip of aluminum on the door. For the first time Chevrolet will offer two styles of seats. The standard sport model and the competition sport option with side bolstering to provide greater support -- -- Begging the everyday drivers hit maximum g.s in the corners. There are only through 2014. Sting rays in existence today both are hand -- and for display. The no driving allowed so far. We are promised to test drive this summer. -- now we can only report but the new -- doesn't look sixth. Remarkably ABC news New York.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Head Of Police Chiefs Group Apologizes For 'Historical Mistreatment' Of Minorities
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images
The head of the largest association of police chiefs in the U.S. has issued a formal apology on the group's behalf for "historical mistreatment of communities of color."
Speaking Monday at the annual meeting of the International Association of Chiefs of Police in San Diego, Terry Cunningham said his remarks on behalf of the group were aimed at breaking a "historic cycle of mistrust."
He said that policing is, in essence, a "noble profession" that has seen dark periods in its history.
"There have been times when law enforcement officers, because of the laws enacted by federal, state and local governments, have been the face of oppression for far too many of our fellow citizens," Cunningham said. "In the past, the laws adopted by our society have required police officers to perform many unpalatable tasks, such as ensuring legalized discrimination or even denying the basic rights of citizenship to many of our fellow Americans."
He emphasized that these darker periods are in the past, adding that "while this is no longer the case, this dark side of our shared history has created a multigenerational — almost inherited — mistrust between many communities of color and their law enforcement agencies."
"We must move forward together to build a shared understanding," he said, calling the apology a first step in the process. "At the same time, those who denounce the police must also acknowledge that today's officers are not to blame for the injustices of the past."
Police officers gave the speech a standing ovation, IACP spokeswoman Sarah Guy told The Washington Post.
Cunningham, who is the police chief in Wellesley, Mass., did not specifically mention any of the recent, numerous, high-profile police shootings of black men, nor did he bring up the police officers killed earlier this year in Dallas and Baton Rouge.
The issue of historic injustices is a "delicate subject inside policing," as NPR's Martin Kaste tells our Newscast unit, "especially as many rank-and-file cops have come to resent accusations of systemic racism by groups such as Black Lives Matter."
And as Martin reports, "Cunningham says he decided to make this statement after a meeting last summer with President Obama, who told him police needed to acknowledge historical mistreatment of communities of color."
Civil rights groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union and the NAACP Legal defense Fund told the Post that they welcomed the apology. Here's what Jeffrey Robinson, ACLU deputy legal director, said to the newspaper:
"It seems to me that this is a very significant admission ... and a very significant acknowledgement of what much of America has known for some time about the historical relationship between police and communities of color. The fact someone high in the law enforcement community has said this is significant and I applaud it because it is long overdue. And I think it's a necessary first step to them trying to change these relationships."
But others were less impressed. "[Cunningham] fails to acknowledge the deplorable behavior of some modern-day police officers who are allowed to go from police agency to police agency after having been cited for misconduct within one or more departments," Delores Jones-Brown, a professor at the John Jay College Center on Race, Crime and Justice, told the Los Angeles Times. "There are bigoted cops today as there were when it was legal to be a bigoted cop."
The apology comes less than a week after U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the Department of Justice plans to collect data on killings by police and use of force.
Warning: This story includes a graphic image of a dead child, below. When Tima Kurdi tried to sponsor her brother Mohammed Kurdi and his family to come to Canada as refugees, she found herself mired in a Catch-22 of red tape and bureaucratize. In a pleading letter obtained by the Star dated March 17, Kurdi begged Minister of Citizenship and Immigration Chris Alexander to allow them (and not her other brother Abdullah, the father of the two drowned Syrian boys) to come to Canada as refugees. The letter was delivered by NDP MP Fin Donnelly. While the brother is not named in the letter, an official in Donnelly's office confirmed that Kurdi specified in an attachment to the letter that she and her family were sponsoring Mohammed and his family, but that the attachment does go over the family histories of both Mohammed and Abdullah.
Article Continued Below
The attachment tells of the family's journey from Damascus to Istanbul, including an encounter with Syrian rebels. The official said Donnelly also followed up with Alexander in April, "seeking any opportunity" to bring the brothers and their families to Canada. Tima Kurdi planned to apply for Abdullah and his family once Mohammed was approved, but it never happened.
In her letter, Kurdi expresses her difficulty in completing and submitting the appropriate documentation for Syrians currently residing in Turkey. “Their situation has become desperate,” she wrote. But in order to be accepted as a refugee in Canada, Kurdi learned, her brother would need documents — like a Syrian passport — that were “impossible” to get. “Canada is requiring them to return to their war infested homes, obtain the appropriate documents, and re-enter Turkey legally. This is not a possible alternative for them,” she wrote.
Article Continued Below
"Based on the above information, it is impossible to get the family out of Turkey," Kurdi writes. "Since their arrival in Turkey, their life has been very tenuous... Mohamad had fled to Turkey from Syria. But as a Kurd, he faced persecution in Turkey, she said, and wanted to be reunited with his sister in Canada.
Abdullah's wife Rehan Kurdi and his sons Alan and Ghalib, were among 12 migrants who drowned when two boats carrying them from the Turkish coast to the Greek island of Kos capsized. Abdullah survived. A photograph of the Alan dead in the arms of a Turkish police officer has brought the issue of Canada's refugee policy to a head. News of the tragedy derailed Conservative election campaign events Thursday after erroneous reports said that it was Abdullah's family, and not Mohamad's, who had been denied refugee status in Canada. Kurdi clarified her family's plight for refugee status at a second press conference at her home in B.C. Thursday afternoon. Dressed in black and fighting back tears, she told reporters that she hoped her family's tragedy would be a “wake-up call” to the world. “I want to tell the rest of the world, at this point, to step in and help the refugees,” she said. Defence Minister Jason Kenney cancelled a security-related immigration announcement; Harper delayed an infrastructure announcement. Immigration Minister Chris Alexander dropped campaign plans to rush to Ottawa and “ascertain both the facts of the case of the Kurdi family and to receive an update on the migrant crisis,” he said in an emailed statement.
A Turkish police officer stands next to the body of Alan Kurdi, a Syrian refugee who drowned in a failed attempt to sail to Greece, as he lies on the shore in the coastal town of Bodrum, Turkey, on Wednesday.
Alexander told CBC television on Thursday that he had received Kurdi's letter and that he had “noted that there was urgency” to it but he didn't interfere in the application process. “I have a responsibility as a minister not to be personally involved in decisions,” he said, “to ensure that they are all treated equally.” Prime Minister Stephen Harper says Canada's refugee policy isn't enough to stop the tragic deaths of refugees in Europe. “We could drive ourselves crazy with grief, obviously we try to do what we can do to help,” Harper said. Speaking at a Conservative rally in Surrey, B.C., Harper addressed the “heartwrenching” photo of Alan, dead in the arms of a police officer on Turkish shores. “I think our reaction to that, the first thing that crossed our mind was remembering our son Ben at that age,” Harper said. “It brings tears to our eye,” he said. “It truly is a heartbreaking situation and a terrible tragedy.” Harper emphasized Canada's military campaign against the Islamic State as key to help stop the refugee crisis, and dismissed the other parties' unwillingness to engage in the military coalition fighting the Islamic State the Middle East. “I don't know how you look at these images and say we should walk away and let those people be killed because we don't want to participate in a military engagement. I think that is completely irresponsible. Our reaction is we are doing everything. We need to do more, we will do more on every front.”
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair became particularly emotional at a news conference Thursday. “The international community has failed,” he said. “Canada has failed.” Related: Refugee crisis dominates election campaign Speaking in Montreal Thursday morning, Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau criticized the Conservatives' response. “You don't get to suddenly discover compassion in the middle of an election campaign,” Trudeau said. He said if elected, the Liberals would bring 25,000 Syrian refugees to Canada. Mulcair said Canada and the international community have failed. “It's just unbearable that we're doing nothing. Canada has an obligation to act,” Mulcair said. He called on Ottawa to immediately take in 10,000 Syrian refugees, as he said the UN has asked Canada to do, and “act now.” Conservative campaign spokesman Kory Teneycke rejected the idea that 10,000 Syrian refugees could be “immediately” admitted, as suggested Thursday by the NDP. Alexander, the citizenship and immigration minister who is running for re-election in the Ajax riding, defended the Conservative government in his statement Thursday. “Canada has one of the most generous per capita immigration and refugee settlement programs in the world. In fact, Canada resettles more than one in 10 refugees worldwide.” He said the Conservatives have set a target for Canada to accept 11,300 Syrians, and has resettled 2,300 so far. “The Prime Minister also recently announced that a Conservative Government would add an additional 10,000 persecuted ethnic and religious minorities from the region,” Alexander said.
Alan Kurdi and his older brother, Ghalib. ( Twitter Photo )
— With files from Robin Levinson King, Ben Spurr, The Associated Press and Canadian Press
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama pledged Sunday that the United States would defeat a terrorist threat that has entered a "new phase," speaking to Americans in an attempt to reassure the country after attacks in Paris and California.
"I know that after so much war, many Americans are asking whether we are confronted by a cancer that has no immediate cure," Obama said during a 13-minute speech from a lectern in the Oval Office.
Watch President Obama's address to the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe. https://t.co/TPomO9NKs8 — WH National Security (@NSCPress) December 7, 2015
In the prime-time speech, Obama did not roll out major policy changes in the battle against the Islamic State or propose any major new domestic security initiatives. But he did say the United States can — and should — make it harder for would-be mass killers to obtain guns. He specifically called on Congress to prohibit people suspected of terrorism or those on the no-fly list from buying guns.
POTUS calls on Congress to pass bill to stop those on terror watch list from being able to buy guns. Thursday -> https://t.co/IZgkAE4UT9 — Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) December 7, 2015
He also called for "stronger screening for those who come to America without a visa," as Congress is moving to overhaul the so-called visa waiver program that allows travel to the U.S. with no visa. The program has come under scrutiny since the Paris attacks.
The speech comes four days after a husband and wife killed 14 people and wounded nearly two dozen more in San Bernardino, Calif. So far, investigators have released little information about the shooters, identified as Tashfeen Malik and Syed Rizwan Farook.
Obama said that it was clear that Malik and Farook had gone down the "dark path of radicalization."
"This was an act of terrorism, designed to kill innocent people," he said Sunday night, adding that the duo had stockpiled weapons and ammunition.
"So far we have no evidence that the killers were directed by a terrorist organization overseas” or part of broader plot at home, Obama added.
Sunday night's speech is just third time that Obama has given an address from the Oval Office. Obama's first Oval Office speech took place in 2010, when he announced a plan for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. In his second prime-time address, which also took place in 2010, Obama announced the end of United States combat operations in Iraq.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Former Libyan army general Khalifa Haftar, who has set himself up as a warrior against Islamist terrorism and who some see as their savior, has plans to meet with Israeli officials on a visit in Amman, an Arab newspaper reported.
The London-based daily Alquds Alarabi reported on Tuesday that informed sources said that Haftar secretly visited Egypt twice last week and received 400 various weapons for his forces in Libya.
Meanwhile, the president of Libya's elected parliament has proposed appointing Haftar as top military commander, parliament's spokesman said on Wednesday.“Mr. Aguila Saleh has proposed to appoint Haftar,” spokesman Farraj Hashem told Reuters. “The House of Representatives supports this.”He said the decree still needed to be signed by Saleh.Critics say Haftar sees himself as Libya's version of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a former military man.Certainly, Haftar misses no opportunity to praise Sisi. His war planes joined Egyptian jets bombing suspected Islamic State targets in Libya after the jihadist group released a video showing the beheading of Egyptian Coptic Christians.Libya's official Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni on Tuesday criticized the United States, Britain and European Union for failing to supply arms to his forces as they battle those of a rival government.The tough comments come a day after Libya's elected parliament, allied to Thinni, suspended its participation in UN-sponsored talks to try to end the power struggle between the two rival administrations and assemblies.Thinni has been confined to a rump state in the east since an opposing faction called Libya Dawn seized the capital, Tripoli, last year, reinstating an old assembly known as the GNC and setting up a rival government.Thinni and the House of Representatives, also based in the east, enjoy the recognition of world powers but anti-Western sentiment has been building up. Many normal people demand military support in the power struggle with Tripoli, four years after the NATO-backed ousting of Muammar Gaddafi.“Unfortunately, the international community and especially the United States, Britain and the European Union have refused to arm the Libyan army,” Thinni told pan-Arab channel Al-Arabiya.“Libya Dawn is part of militant Islamists that get weapons, ammunition and supplies from all over the world,” he said. “But America and Britain have other ideas against the interest of the Libyan people.”Libya is still under a UN arms embargo dating from the 2011 uprising, though the country is awash with weapons and dominated by armed factions.Thinni has been facing pressure from Haftar who has merged his forces with army troops in the east to fight Islamist groups. While the alliance has managed to win back some territory in Benghazi, Haftar has drawn criticism for calling in air strikes on civilian airports and seaports.Frustrated with hardships in the east, where the conflict has made gas, electricity and medicines scarce, protesters have demanded Thinni quit and hand power to a military council headed by Haftar.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Beijing: The 10,000 pigeons released in a ceremony for China's National Day underwent unusual scrutiny, with each having its feathers and anus checked for dangerous materials, state-run media reports say.
The symbols of peace were released at sunrise in Beijing's Tiananmen Square in a ceremony for the October 1 holiday to celebrate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Beijing has searched 10,000 pigeons, looking for dangerous devices. Credit:Adam McLean
Beijing domestic security police officer Guo Chunwei was quoted in the Jinghua Times as saying workers checked the wings, legs and anus of each pigeon ahead of time to ensure they were "not carrying suspicious material".
The entire process was videotaped, and the birds were then loaded into sealed vehicles for the trip to Tiananmen Square, the newspaper said.
Of all Israels ties with Muslim countries, those with Turkey are the oldest. Until recently, in terms of strategy, that country was considered no less important than Egypt. The affair of the Gaza aid flotilla and the harsh and excessive comments by Turkeys prime minister against Israel have dramatically shaken the stability of these ties. Israelis now perceive Turkey as an enemy that should be denounced, or at least boycotted.
But it should be pointed out that compared to Egypt, Turkey has for years maintained close and cordial ties with Israel at all levels. Israelis have considered it a sister nation, trade with Turkey has expanded, and military cooperation has been perceived as a given. Visits by the leaders of both countries have also become a standard part of our political lives. Turkeys involvement in the indirect talks between Syria and Israel helped forge understandings between Damascus and Jerusalem, and normalization was not a subject Turkey and Israel disagreed on. Normalization actually preceded official ties between the two countries.
The change did not happen because of the victory of the Justice and Development Party and the election of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as prime minister. That party has been in power since 2002, and despite the dark prophecies that accompanied its rise to power, relations between the two countries continued normally. Turkeys anger exploded when its prime minister felt betrayed by former prime minister Ehud Olmert, who allowed Turkey to try to mediate between Israel and Hamas on the eve of Operation Cast Lead. Turkey realized then that Israel considers it a given; that it has to agree with all Israels whims.
Erdogans criticism of Israel is not different in substance than the criticism by other friends of Israel in Europe and the United States. But his style is more blatant and direct. Erdoğan does not agree with Israel on continuing the blockade of the Gaza Strip, and he is finding hard to understand, like many Israelis, the logic behind the blockade after four years in which it has not achieved Israels goals. Erdogans backing of the flotilla was just a continuation of the view that the blockade cannot go on.
Israel can ignore Turkeys serious arguments, slander its prime minister and describe the flotillas activists as terrorists. This will not be enough to remove the stain of the operation that dragged Israels image not Turkeys, eight of whose citizens were killed into the mud internationally.
Israel, which is now struggling to save its good name, considers public relations the sole means for achieving its goals. But without wise policy, public relations will prove empty of substance. The first step is to rehabilitate relations with Turkey, especially with its prime minister.
For this, political courage is necessary, which will lift the blockade on Gaza Strip and bring Turkey closer to the regions political process. Without all this, Israel can only continue being pleased with itself under the political blockade imposed on it.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Image copyright AP
Shares on European stock markets have fallen amid reports that senior EU officials have discussed a possible Greek default for the first time.
The Athens stock exchange closed nearly 6% lower. Germany's Dax and France's Cac 40 ended more than 1% lower.
Shares also fell in the US, with the Dow Jones index dropping 0.8%.
Cash-strapped Greece is trying to reach a deal that will unlock bailout funds. It is seeking to avoid defaulting on a €1.5bn debt repayment to the IMF.
The payment is due by the end of the month.
According to official sources quoted by news agencies, senior eurozone officials meeting in Bratislava on Thursday held their first formal talks on the possibility that Greece might default.
Also on Thursday, officials from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) pulled out of talks with Greek politicians in Brussels, citing "major differences".
Shares on the Athens Stock Exchange had soared on Thursday amid renewed optimism about Greece's talks with its creditors. The index climbed more than 14% - the best performance in several weeks.
But the IMF's withdrawal has dampened investors' moods.
On Friday, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, president of the Eurogroup of finance ministers, said a deal without the IMF was "unimaginable".
On Friday stocks in the National Bank of Greece fell by more than 10%, while Piraeus Bank fell more than 11.5%.
European and US shares also fell on fears that a potential Greek default would hurt foreign investors in Greece.
However, German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged all parties to continue negotiations.
Speaking at a business conference in Berlin, Ms Merkel said: "Where there's a will there's a way, but the will has to come from all sides, so it's important that we keep speaking with each other."
When you handle trillions of dollars a year in transactions and manage the largest known vault of gold in the world, security and efficiency are top priorities. Open source reusable software components are key to the New York Fed's successful operation.
Large companies have divisions and subsidiaries that make efficient organizational management a challenge. Perhaps no one recognizes that more than Colin Wynd, vice president and head of the Common Service Organization at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Wynd is charged with ensuring that software development practices and strategy are forward-thinking and secure, and adhere to compliance regulations.
Several years ago, Wynd and his team started to think more holistically about how their developer teams worked, he explained in a presentation at the recent Jenkins World conference in San Francisco. They needed to transition decades of legacy applications to more modern, flexible alternatives.
“We were doing a lot of custom development, building databases, and implementing security such as authentication and authorization, all with custom logins. The joke was that we actually had more login utilities than we had applications,” recalled Wynd. “This was slightly crazy.”
The New York Fed wanted to standardize its base technologies, development tooling, and architectural models. “Every user interface was a snowflake, completely different. An end user might use 15 different interfaces,” said Wynd.
Another goal was to use open source software to achieve far greater reuse of libraries and other common sets of code. Wynd took note of an evaluation from Sonatype, a company that specializes in software automation, that reported 75 to 80 percent of applications are made up of open source libraries. He saw value in open source adoption for the New York Fed. Doing so lets developers at the bank focus more on an application's unique aspects, such as its business logic, rather than spend time building out the basic software plumbing, according to Wynd,
“You can have a team dedicated to these common components and microservices,” he explained. “We can invest in [those common essentials] and make sure they are rock solid.”
The nearly 2,000 developers across the Federal Reserve System used to have a disparate set of developer tools. Now, they benefit from a standard toolset and architecture, which also places limits on which applications the bank will consider using. “We don't want a third-party application that isn't compatible with our common architecture,” said Wynd. The organization turns down some vendors and developer projects as a result. “But the benefits are that we improve the underlying architecture's stability and security,” he added.
The software supply chain
It takes time and research to identify the right software components, but Wynd said it's essential.
There's a lot of governmental oversight, plenty of stakeholders, and significant regulatory controls. “We have a board of directors and a board of governors who are government employees, and also the U.S. Treasury. I might be building an application for any of those,” Wynd said. It can get complicated to adhere to the rules of each. “We spend a lot of time in working groups to make sure we're doing best practices.”
He explained, “We realized that it's a supply chain. It's not that different from, say, how a car company looks at all the suppliers that help them build a truck. It might get tires from one vendor, the airbags from another firm, and windshields from another supplier.”
And just as with any car company, the New York Fed wanted to monitor its supplier quality control. “What we found is that not all the parts that are open source are created equally,” said Wynd.
Again, pointing to the Sonatype report, which looked at over 120,000 Java libraries, Wynd noted the mean time it takes to repair software is more than 200 days—an unacceptable delay for getting a patch. This makes the New York Fed very discerning in choosing open source software. “There is a small set of suppliers that is reputable and very good at maintaining open source code, and then there are some that are OK,” he said. “But the vast majority of open source code is not really maintained at the level for applications that are truly mission critical.”
How are banks turning digitization into a golden opportunity? Find out in our new report. Get the Banking.nxt Report
Another issue is the effect of open source licensing terms on how the New York Fed distributes its own applications and manages compliance. “Some open source licenses are very easy,” Wynd said. “You can print my code wherever you want. You can take it, rewrite it, modify it, bundle it into applications, and you can release these applications internally or externally.” But other open source software is far more restrictive in how it can distribute or used commercially. That raised concerns about whether an open source module was being maintained and “whether we felt comfortable distributing it, say, to other Federal Reserve banks,” said Wynd.
As a result, in evaluating open source libraries and related software, the New York Fed pays special attention to the licenses and any distribution limits. Having developed the expertise to identify which licenses pass muster lets the bank take advantage of these reusable components.
Giving developers more flexibility and training
One less obvious advantage to open source adoption is in career satisfaction and advancement. It gives developers opportunities to work on more interesting applications, said Wynd. Developers can now take on projects or switch jobs more easily across Federal Reserve banks because the New York Fed uses a lot of common open source components and a standard tool set, meaning retraining is minimal if needed at all. “That helps with our load balancing across the Federal Reserve system.”
Which is not to say developers don't get training. Wynd said the bank created Common Service University to offer continuous training in developer best practices and instruction.
One reason for bringing training in house was consistency. “If you send someone off somewhere to take a course in Angular or Spring, they start to do things in slightly different ways and that affects the consistency of how software is developed,” Wynd said. “With Common Services University, we can be clear on, ‘This is how we want you to build applications.' We also focus on security—how do we do authentication, clickjacking, and all that. We want to be consistent, because if these things are solved differently, it will lead to a pain point.”
Security challenges ahead
During a Q&A session, Wynd said security is an ongoing challenge. The New York Fed has a lot to protect, including the $4 trillion in transactions it handles and the $250 billion worth of gold bars it manages for international customers. “Countries still move gold back and forth, so we have an inventory management system” that requires extreme security, explained Wynd.
Security also looms large in regulatory issues. “We are very careful and prudent," Wynd said. "But our biggest headache is to prove to groups that an application is secure, because we have to defend against nation state attacks.”
Open source software supply chain: Lessons for leaders
The activities of the brain and the heart are dynamic, chaotic, and possibly intrinsically coordinated. This study aims to investigate the effect of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) program on the chaoticity of electronic activities of the brain and the heart, and to explore their potential correlation. Electroencephalogram (EEG) and electrocardiogram (ECG) were recorded at the beginning of an 8-week standard MBSR training course and after the course. EEG spectrum analysis was carried out, wavelet entropies (WE) of EEG (together with reconstructed cortical sources) and heart rate were calculated, and their correlation was investigated. We found enhancement of EEG power of alpha and beta waves and lowering of delta waves power during MBSR training state as compared to normal resting state. Wavelet entropy analysis indicated that MBSR mindfulness meditation could reduce the chaotic activities of both EEG and heart rate as a change of state. However, longitudinal change of trait may need more long-term training. For the first time, our data demonstrated that the chaotic activities of the brain and the heart became more coordinated during MBSR training, suggesting that mindfulness training may increase the entrainment between mind and body. The 3D brain regions involved in the change in mental states were identified.
Copyright © 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.. All rights reserved.
The avalanche of lawsuits against BitTorrent users in the United States continues. Several adult producers joined in on the profitable pay-up-or-else scheme recently, but one of them made a costly mistake. Adult producer Mick Haig filed suits against 670 BitTorrent users this week. However, he forgot to register the copyright for his film.
This year alone, tens of thousands of BitTorrent users have been sued in the United States by filmmakers. Several law firms are helping out in these cases, most notably the United Stated Copyright Group (USCG) who sued thousands of alleged downloaders of the Oscar-winning film The Hurt Locker.
Soon after the practices of USCG were laid out in the mainstream press, several adult film producers hired lawyer Evan Stone to do the same for them. The procedure in all these cases is identical. Sue hundreds of BitTorrent users, and ask them to settle the case for a substantial sum instead of going to court for a full trial.
In previous articles we've dubbed this creative use of the legal system as a pay-up-or-else scheme. The number one priority for the people involved is to make money off alleged file-sharers, it's a new business model that has proven to be very effective.
Last week hundreds of new suits were filed at the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas. The case was filed by lawyer Evan Stone on behalf of Mick Haig Productions, and targets 670 BitTorrent users who allegedly downloaded Der Gute Onkel. No, not the 1912 short film that is in the public domain, but an unknown adult film.
The complaint that was filed alleges that Mick Haig Productions owns the copyright to the movie “Der Gute Onkel”. Technically, this may be correct as makers automatically hold the copyright to the content they produce. However, the title was never registered with the Copyright Office which could spell trouble for the ongoing cases.
In U.S. law there is plenty of jurisprudence that shows that one can't pursue a case where the copyrights are not registered. In Positive Black Talk, Inc. v. Cash Money Records, Inc. the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals held that a plaintiff must show that the Copyright Office has actually received the copyright application before starting a lawsuit.
In June 2010, Judge O'Connor of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas – the same Court where the “Der Gute Onkel” case was filed – cited this ruling and found that registrations not properly pled “are not in the case.” Again, this ruling affirmed that copyright has to be registered before bringing a lawsuit.
Since the lawyer, Evan Stone, failed to properly inform the Court that the movie in question is not registered with Copyright Office, he has not pleaded the case properly. For the alleged 670 downloaders this misstep is good news. If any of the defendants challenges the complaint through a motion to dismiss or motion to quash, it should be dismissed.
Alternatively, downloaders can argue that they never intended to download a hardcore adult movie, but that they were looking for the public domain movie with the same title. Perhaps they should then sue Mick Haig Productions for the disturbing footage they got to see instead.
Evan Stone was contacted for a comment but did not reply before the time of publication.
This week has really shown up the petty squabbling in the Labour leadership contest for what it is – inward looking and small. Because when it matters, the Labour Party has united around the issue of giving much needed asylum to refugees.
Our differences may seem big – and sometimes they are . They do matter. But the gulf of difference between the way the whole of the Labour Party has reacted to what is needed and the nasty, small minded, small island, cold and calculated cynicism of the Tory government that believes Britain should not take more refugees are worlds apart. We must remember that as we compete with each other.
We may all have different ideas about how, when and where we should address the Syrian crisis. Some are angry that Labour didn't support air strikes to topple Assad back in 2013, while others believe this would have fuelled not ameliorated the crisis. But all of us – hawk or dove – know it is our role to get involved now. We do not stand back and wash our hands as the bodies of human beings wash up daily on the shores of our continent. We do not. We must not. We cannot.
But what can we do? As it stands we can put pressure on government from opposition. We can hold parliamentary debates. We can sign petitions, we can donate, we can march. But we cannot decide how many refugees Great Britain will take in. We cannot make rulings about our behaviour at borders. We cannot change our country's rules. We do not have the power to do so.
So when in nine days time, when we have decided who the leader of the Labour Party is going to be, let us all come together and look outwards. Not just to the Tories who are wrecking our institutions. Not even only to the refugees whose plight we so desperately want to champion. But to those we need to convince that is is our compassion that is the right choice.
Whoever leads Labour must also show how they will lead the country. That involves hard decisions and choices on public spending priorities, on immigration and on areas far, far outside our comfort zone. It will involve making and winning arguments and accepting where we will have to compromise. Because when it comes to those areas where our humanity simply will not let us turn away, we need the public to stand with us. To believe in us. To believe in our leadership.
Leadership matters. We know because we are all disgusted by the lack of leadership the Tories have shown during this vital humanitarian crisis. We need to lead for all the people of Britain, and for a world beyond our borders who understand the importance of having a government that accepts our internationalist responsibilities.
No more talking to ourselves about ourselves. Now we must talk to the country and the world. We must be the party able to fill the space the Tories are so disastrously negating.
We must lay aside internal squabbling and show that we are a party of principle and pragmatism that is ready to lead.
WASHINGTON  The virtual currency industry received a shot across the bow from regulators this week after Ripple Labs, widely considered a white hat within the sometimes Wild West-style digital currency world, was slapped with a $700,000 penalty for anti-money-laundering violations.
While the penalty is a blow to Ripple Labs, it could have significant implications for the industry at large and its efforts to legitimize itself in the eyes of regulators and banks.
Following are four lessons from the fine and its potential, well, ripple effects:
Anti-money laundering compliance must be in place from the get-go:
In March 2013, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network issued guidance recognizing virtual currency businesses as money transmitters, which effectively subjected them to existing anti-money-laundering regulations.
But Ripple Labs facilitated transactions for months after the guidance was issued without proper AML protections after registering its subsidiary, XRP II, as a money-services business, or MSB. That was a key reason the firm was fined, despite the fact that it later put AML protections in place.
"Fincen clearly has the intention to hold entities responsible from the time they flip the switch to turn on their business model," said Carol Van Cleef, co-chair of the global payments practice group at the law firm Manatt, Phelps & Phillips. "Compliance is expected from the beginning; they make a big point of the fact that [Ripple Labs] was operating for a period of time without being properly registered as an MSB."
The enforcement action sends a message to other digital currency startups that they must be hyper-vigilant about AML compliance, said Houman Shadab, a New York Law School professor specializing in the regulation of digital currency.
"In this area, it's probably better to be safe than sorry if the law is unclear; it's best to ask for permission rather than forgiveness," Shadab said. "If you're the type of digital currency startup that engages in exchanges or transmissions of funds, you're going to fall under the category of money services businesses that need to comply."
Ripple Labs' Bank Secrecy Act officer, Antoinette O'Gorman, who was hired after the events that caused the Fincen fine, agreed that startups should learn from the company's example. "Once [regulators] issue guidance, everyone needs to respond to the guidance immediately," she said.
Jerry Brito, executive director at Coin Center, a nonprofit cryptocurrency advocacy group, said the penalty shows that "Fincen is actually very serious about compliance," and "companies that operate in this space have to comply with those rules."
It's still unclear if this helps or hurts the perception of virtual currency:
The action's impact on the rest of the industry can be argued either way. On the one hand, it has the potential to scare away banks, many of which are already hesitant to partner with digital currency startups. Traditional financial institutions tend to perceive the virtual currency field as high-risk, particularly when it comes to the potential for run-ins with regulators over AML and consumer compliance issues.
"In terms of immediate impact, it's likely to cause at least a few potential bank partners to pause and say, 'Should we really be doing this or not?' " said Van Cleef.
On the other hand, some experts said that the settlement may actually wind up reassuring banks that digital currency firms are not so different than any other money-services business.
"One takeaway is there's nothing inherently risky about digital currency businesses," said Shadab. "We know now what compliance looks like, and it looks like it does with any other business: it requires knowing your customer, filing suspicious activity reports, and adopting written AML policies."
Brito said that it disproves "the idea that virtual currencies are this unregulated space," and added that "virtual currency are actually one of the most regulated industries."
The exact impact on banks' partnerships with digital currency firms may not be clear for some time.
"Right now it is too soon to tell how banks are going to react," said Steve Kenneally, vice president for payments and cybersecurity at the American Bankers Association.
"Now it looks like Ripple addressed the issues and paid the fine and are moving forward and that is how it usually works when a bank or a casino or another money-services business is involved. Although that it happened isn't great, the process that is working like it would with any other participant could work in Ripples favor."
More enforcement actions against digital currency firms are likely on their way:
While the enforcement action against Ripple Labs was a first, it is unlikely to be the last as Fincen ramps up its oversight of the evolving industry.
Ripple Labs' O'Gorman said Fincen's action "definitely makes a statement to other entities in this space that they need to be aware of compliance obligations going forward."
"We're the first example of many more to come, potentially," she said.
Van Cleef agreed that more penalties were likely to come down the pike.
"Fincen is only beginning its enforcement examination process of MSBs in the digital currency space; as with any industry in the first round of compliance examinations, we're likely to see a number of companies being cited for compliance shortcomings," she said.
Ripple's protocol is staying intact:
As part of the enforcement action, Ripple Labs agreed to make "enhancements" to its protocol, which incited much speculation on Twitter as industry observers tried to assess the impact on the company's business model.
But a more in-depth explanation provided by Fincen clarifies the nature of the updates. The firm will implement AML transaction monitoring across its network and improve its analytical tools for reporting on counterparties and the flow of funds.
"The 'enhancements' are to transaction analysis and risk monitoring" of the protocol but not to the protocol itself, according to O'Gorman.
This will come as a relief to players in the digital currency space who worried that regulators were overstepping by mandating changes to the Ripple software.
This article is based on turnout figures as of 3 p.m. on Friday, Nov. 11. For more updated data, see our story from Tuesday, Nov. 15.
Early voting surged. Election Day voting plummeted. The net result: A smaller share of eligible voters cast ballots in 2016 than in either of the previous two presidential elections.
The raw number of votes rose: About 1.4 million more Americans voted in this year's election than in 2012, a total which itself was down from 2008. But the electorate was growing in the meantime: About 57 percent of eligible voters cast ballots this year, down from 58.6 percent in 2012 and 61.6 percent in 2008, which was the highest mark in 40 years. Turnout still remained well above levels for most presidential election years from 1972 to 2000.
The drop in turnout was uneven. On average, turnout was unchanged in states that voted for Trump, while it fell by an average of 2.3 percentage points in states that voted for Clinton. Relatedly, turnout was higher in competitive states — most of which Trump won. In the 14 swing states — those where either the winning party in the presidential race switched from 2012 or where the margin was within 5 percentage points — an average of 65.3 percent of eligible voters cast ballots. In the other 36 states and Washington, D.C., turnout averaged just 56.3 percent. That gap exacerbates a tendency for turnout to be higher in the places where candidates concentrate their travel, advertising and other get-out-the-vote efforts.
The low turnout outside of swing states could have affected the national popular vote margin (though not the outcome in the Electoral College). Clinton trails Trump in total votes from swing states but leads him in the other states and overall. Clinton's popular-vote lead probably would be roughly 40 percent higher if turnout in uncompetitive states caught up with turnout in the swing states — though there could be other factors that make turnout higher in the group of states that are most competitive in presidential races.
These numbers are preliminary estimates subject to change as our decentralized electoral system continues counting votes. There is no official national turnout figure, and the best available estimates — from Michael McDonald, associate professor at the University of Florida, who gathers data at the U.S. Elections Project; and from FiveThirtyEight contributor David Wasserman, who is gathering national vote counts — suggest that more than 4 million votes remain uncounted, more than half of them in California. As a result, figures in this story may not line up with vote-count data published by media organizations. Many news organizations after the election claimed that 46.9 percent of people didn't vote. But that figure, which may have originated from this tweet, was based on dividing vote totals as of Wednesday morning by all eligible voters.
Final turnout numbers could be even lower than these initial estimates. Just after Election Day in 2012, McDonald projected that turnout would be 60 percent of eligible voters; the final figure was 58.6 percent. In 2008, McDonald initially estimated that 133.3 million people voted for president — about 700,000 more than the final count. Heading into Tuesday, McDonald cited the early-vote totals in projecting that 135 million people voted this year. By Wednesday it looked like just 128 million had. McDonald keeps updating the figures as more votes are counted, adjusting his projections for how many votes remain uncounted. As of Friday afternoon, the best estimate was nearly 132 million votes, of which 35 percent were cast before Election Day — up from 25 percent in 2012. The number of Election Day votes was down an estimated 13 percent this year from 2012.
This data doesn't tell us about the turnout of specific demographic groups. Exit polls can be used to estimate the proportion of the electorate that belongs to various demographic groups and which way they voted, but these polls missed the election result badly this year and face challenges counting some demographic groups. Once all the votes are counted, combining local turnout numbers with demographic data could give a better indication for how people in demographic groups voted — and for whom.
Why would anybody connected to the Chicago Bulls organization think it is a good idea to trade Jimmy Butler?
Right now the Chicago Bulls are not in a good place. They're 19-21, and have been putting in substandard performances in recent games.
This was especially evident in the recent loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder. Although the team started well, by half-time they looked like they'd rather be anywhere else.
Between efforts like that, and Rajon Rondo going rogue and giving interesting interviews on the sly, it's a troubling time for the Bulls. In fact, about the only comforting constant in their lives right now is that this team is the home of two-time All-Star Jimmy Butler.
So why then, as soon as things begin to look bleak for the franchise, do rumors of trading him constantly surface?
Don't the Bulls see that in having a franchise player, they have the hard part figured out?
I'm completely against trading Butler personally, but let's look at both sides of the argument to see if it makes any sense to go into a total rebuild.
We'll begin with the case for trading Butler to another team, and really that begins with examining the landscape of the rest of the league.
The LeBron James-led Cleveland Cavaliers figure to be the best team in the conference for another three years at least.
Even when James retires, it's likely Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love will remain on the team, at least initially.
Already that's a better core than what the Bulls have, and it's not going anywhere anytime soon.
On top of that, the Boston Celtics look like they have positioned themselves to gradually grow into contender status in the next couple of years.
They were extremely impressive in their come from behind win over the Toronto Raptors the other night, another team that is just better than the Bulls right now.
Jimmy Butler has to be tired of losing to Bradley Beal…Beal 12-4 including playoffs vs Butler — Cephas ben Uthai (@EnigmatikBGDB) December 22, 2016
Even the Atlanta Hawks, who after the Kyle Korver trade and apparent availability of Paul Millsap looked headed for a rebuild, are suddenly on a run and look like a tough out in the postseason.
All of this is to say, even with Jimmy Butler, the Bulls are at best a conference semi-finalist right now.
Of course the addition of another star player would change that outlook, but we know how hard they are to acquire.
So in trading Butler now, when his stock is at an all-time high, the Bulls would get a lot in return.
Forgetting Rondo and Dwyane Wade for a second, this team has some nice young players, as well as a bench with some depth.
Although the team has the worst three-point shooting percentage in the league right now (31.5 percent), they do have reasons to smile when they turn to their bench.
Denzel Valentine had a breakout game against the Washington Wizards, before illness robbed him of a chance to build on that fine game against the Knicks.
Bobby Portis, Nikola Mirotic, Cristiano Felicio and Jerian Grant also make up the bulk of their second unit minutes.
Mirotic provides the spacing, Felicio does the dirty work, with Portis and Grant doing their best to make contributions on both ends.
Even Paul Zipser looked like he could stick around for a bit with how he played against the Knicks (seven points, five rebounds and two assists).
So while trading Butler, most likely to a rival, would be bad, they would have that core and whatever they receive for Butler to build around.
Really though, that seems like a weak argument to me, especially when you consider all that Butler does for this team.
Jimmy Butler's first 354 games: 4 games w/ 40+ points. Last 6: 3 games w/ 40+ points.#BullsNation pic.twitter.com/d0Yy6QZ6TW — NBA.com/Stats (@nbastats) January 8, 2017
He's missed the last three games due to illness, and it's no coincidence the Bulls have lost those contests.
They've looked terrible as well, and this is in part because Butler leads the entire league in real plus-minus wins with 8.89. That fact alone is enough to build a case around not trading him, but we'll keep going.
Butler to me has always felt like a little of Carmelo Anthony, and a lot of Paul George (minus the insane athletic ability before his injury).
Anthony because he's asked to be the offensive leader of this team and usually delivers, and George because we think of him as a two-way wing who influences the game on both ends.
Butler's 25 points a game this season is a higher average than George has ever posted (23.1), and it's right in Anthony's prime territory too (over 28 points a night with the Denver Nuggets, but he hasn't reached 25 again in his last three seasons).
He's also averaging more rebounds than George this season as well (6.7 to 6.2). Butler is about more than just basic numbers though.
His Player Efficiency Rating this season of 25.9 (league average 15) is the highest any of the three players have ever posted in their careers.
Really think about that when you look back at how Anthony was dragging the Nuggets to the postseason and George's Pacers gave the ‘superteam' Miami Heat some scares.
Perhaps even more impressive, Butler's offensive plus-minus of 6.2 is higher than anything Anthony, the offensive maestro, has ever posted either (his is 4.7 back in 2012-13).
Defensively, his defensive plus-minus of 0.4, while not a high number, is the best mark among all three players this season (George's is -0.4, Anthony's -1.9).
In fact, Butler has never posted a negative number in this category, while the other two players mentioned have.
It's not a high mark, but it shows consistency in Butler's defensive contributions year after year.
Butler has always been durable too, and his 36.6 minutes per game is currently the eighth highest mark in the league. Two seasons ago, that number was 38.7.
It's clear then that Butler stacks up against, and in many ways surpasses, two of the great NBA players of the last decade.
Anthony will likely go into the Hall of Fame one day, and Butler is already beating him in various statistical categories at age 27.
This is important, because it's those numbers that will get Anthony into the Hall, and not the amount of championships he's won.
The Chicago Bulls are one of the league's most famous franchises, and in Jimmy Butler, they have the kind of star player who makes them exciting.
It's not quite at the height of Derrick Rose mania, when the team was a contender to win it all. That being said, their roster was more complete then as well.
But Butler is a legitimate superstar in this league, and you don't just get rid of players of their quality. You do what you can to build around them.
There is no reason at all for the Bulls to move him, it would set their franchise back a huge amount.
For a Democratic Party still struggling to rebuild in the wake of Hillary Clinton's loss, last night represented a remarkable turnaround. For months, Democratic candidates have struggled in special elections, with national fundraising efforts hobbled by self-doubt, mixed messaging, and constant recriminations. Party officials remain consumed with suturing the wounds—many self-inflicted—left by the contentious primary between Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Yet on Tuesday, voters themselves came out to deliver a stunning rebuke of Donald Trump and the G.O.P. in a series of gubernatorial and down-ballot races and referendums. “There is no denying that this was a repudiation of both Trump and Trumpism,” Steve Israel, a former New York congressman who previously served as the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, told me. “[Republicans] can't run away from that.”
The party arguably secured its greatest victory in Virginia, where Ralph Northam bested Republican Ed Gillespie by nearly nine percentage points in the race for governor—a greater margin than Clinton's victory over Trump in the traditionally purple commonwealth last year. Despite keeping Trump at arm's length, Gillespie latched onto a number of Trumpian issues during his campaign, including immigration and preserving Confederate monuments. But Gillespie's decision to employ the tactics that propelled Trump into the White House fell flat. “Virginia's wipeout was almost a perfect laboratory for studying the impact of Trump on the G.O.P.,” Rick Wilson, a Republican strategist and vocal Never Trumper, told me. “Ed Gillespie [ran] the ‘Trumpism Without Trump' playbook . . . Trumpism wins the base and loses almost everyone else. Trump himself becomes a political anchor tied around the necks of Republican candidates.”
As results rolled in, the president and his right-wing allies scrambled to distance themselves from Gillespie, blaming his loss on his failure to go “full Trump”. But Wilson dismissed the idea that embracing Trump would have shifted the election in the Republican's favor. “Listening to [Steve] Bannon's call to ‘be more like Trump' is like going to an oncologist who tells you, ‘Smoke three packs of unfiltered Camels a day,'” he said. Exit polls bolster Wilson's argument: Politico reports that half of all voters in Virginia—where Trump's approval rating is 40 percent—identified the president as the reason for their vote, with 34 percent of voters saying they were casting their ballots to oppose Trump. Meanwhile, Northam won 95 percent of voters who strongly disapproved of the president's job performance.
Notably, Gillespie bled support among core Republican demographics. While Trump won white college-educated voters in 2016 by four points, Northam carried them by three. Among white women with college degrees, the Republican nominee lost by a staggering 16-point margin. Northam also won two affluent Virginia suburbs, Loudoun County and Prince William County, by double digits—20 and 23 points respectively, improving on Clinton's margin in both. “It is hard not to stress the things that we have been seeing all over the place, in particular, this sort of suburban revolt against Donald Trump and suburban revolt against the current state of the Republican Party,” Democratic strategist and pollster Jefrey Pollock told me.
Nor was the Democratic Party's triumph limited to the governor's race. A slate of Democratic newcomers—including Danica Roem, who will be one of the nation's first openly transgender elected officials after beating out a 13-term Republican incumbent—potentially robbing the G.O.P. of its majority in the Virginia House of Delegates. “I don't believe huge national conclusions can be drawn from an individual race, but Virginia wasn't just one race; it was a total wipeout for Republicans,” Terry Sullivan, the G.O.P. strategist who served as Marco Rubio's presidential campaign manager, told me. “The top of the ticket isn't the best indicator for how poorly Republicans did . . . those losses for down-ballot Republicans are going to be more indicative of voting by party versus for an individual candidate. Democrats clearly had much more energy on their side than anyone thought.”
It seems that energy was catching—in New Jersey, Democrat Phil Murphy easily defeated Republican Kim Guadagno who, after serving as Chris Christie's_ lieutenant governor, was expected to lose. “Not to take anything away from Phil Murphy—he did a great job,” Pollack said. “But the Republicans nominating the lieutenant of one of the least popular governors in the country doesn't tend to lead to a competitive race.” And in Maine, voters handily approved a referendum to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, skirting Republican Governor Paul LePage's veto on the measure. But much of the focus Wednesday morning remained on Virginia, and for good reason, strategists argue. “Virginia is historically the frothing edge of a wave election,” Israel said. “It's like Cassandra on the Potomac: It forecasts future elections, but its warnings are usually unnoticed.” Israel argues that Virginia state elections have proven to be predictive of which party will gain control of the House of Representatives, highlighting the midterm elections in 1994, 2006, and 2010 as examples of this trend. “Its voters have an ability to reflect a national mood ahead of the national mood,” he said, implying that Tuesday's results could portend a G.O.P. bloodbath at the ballot boxes next year.
The sweeping Democratic victories are certainly causing some consternation across the aisle. One longtime Republican power texted Axios's Mike Allen, calling them “the beginning of the end.” Wilson argues that not breaking with the president is “a recipe for disaster for the G.O.P., but they stubbornly refuse to believe that Trump is killing them.”
Of course, Tuesday's results should be taken with a grain of salt; as Pollack warned, state elections don't always foreshadow larger trends. However, he added, “It is hard to not be optimistic about what happened . . . it certainly is a rebuke of the Republican Party as of late.” Steve Schale, a Democratic political consultant based in Florida who worked on Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 campaigns, said he believes the outcome points to a broader overall pattern in American politics. “Just as some Democrats did after '08, Trumpians and many Republicans read 2016 as a pure mandate for their brand, and only their brand of politics, which it wasn't . . . last night, voters sent a message. And until those in public office figure out that voters want them to work together, I have a feeling that politics will feel like a seesaw.”
BALTIMORE -- The Browns fear that receiver Coley Coleman suffered another broken hand during Sunday's 24-10 loss to the Ravens, a source told cleveland.com.
The team also announced that linebacker Jamie Collins suffered a concussion.
Coleman left the game with 13:15 left after a collision with cornerback Marlon Humphrey on an incomplete pass when they jumped up for the ball. Coleman came down hard on his right hand -- the same one he broke last year and sat out six games with.
Coleman was in obvious pain and holding the hands close to his body when he walked off the field.
After the game, he went to the X-ray room, and then he sat looking dejected at his locker. He didn't want to talk after the game, but didn't have anything covering the hand.
"He's hurt,'' said one of his teammates.
The Browns would not confirm cleveland.com's report that they fear it's broken. They would only say that he'll undergo further testing.
Coleman also suffered a broken hand in practice last season after the second game and missed the next six games. He was never able to catch up, and finished the season with 33 catches for 413 yards and 3 TDs.
Coleman caught only one of his seven targets for 9 yards against the Ravens.
The poor outing came after a promising game against the Steelers, in which he caught 5 of 6 targets for 53 yards and a TD.
Related: DeShone Kizer throws 3 picks in 24-10 loss to Ravens
As for Collins, he's now in the concussion protocol and his status for next Sunday's game in Indianapolis is unknown.
He'll have to pass a series of tests before he's allowed back on the field.
Collins, a starting outside 'backer, finished third on the Browns with seven tackles, including one for a loss.
People are tired of talking about Caitlyn Jenner.
Or so my newsfeed says. Best I can tell, there are two camps of people who want to be done talking about this:
1-Those who say there are plenty of other transgender people in America who are not making news, and one person's journey should not be so elevated just because of their celebrity; and
2-Those who see the whole story as “a man who decided to become a woman,” misunderstanding the complexity of gender identity, and therefore thinking this is not news.
Of course, some are just genuinely creeped out by the whole thing and, I'd assume, are tired of seeing those evocative pics every time they check their phone or open a browser. But regardless of the ‘why,' lots of folks think we should be done talking about Bruce-now-Caitlin Jenner. And to all of them, I'd say, fine. Because mostly, this isn't about her anyway.
If you don't want to talk about Caitlyn any more, let's talk about something else. Let's talk about the rate of suicide among transgender youth and adults in our country. The numbers are sobering. As are the staggering numbers of homeless youth who come out to their parents, and instead of being comforted and supported, find themselves on the streets.
Let's talk about them. Because every time a celebrity—whether you think their fame is deserved or not—comes out, the road gets a little easier for those kids, and those adults. For the gay men of the past few decades it was, depending on your age—Rock Hudson or Elton John; Neil Patrick Harris or Michael Sam. The lesbians of the 90's had Ellen Degeneres. She said some things (on daytime t.v., no less) and the world shifted a bit.
Every generation gets a few of those moments. And for the transgender millennials, it is forever going to be Caitlyn. Her fabulous, super-secret, superhero feature on the cover of Vanity Fair will speak for countless decades to those kids who struggle with being who they are. The ESPY award will open doors that LGBTQ people could never have dreamed of twenty, ten, or even two years ago.
That award will have Cailyn Jenner's name on it. But it's not just about her. And that magazine cover may bear her image, but it is news because it is history in the making. And the minute it hit the stands, everybody knew it.
So if you don't want to talk about her any more, let's talk about why so much of our identity is wrapped up in gender. Let's talk about our rigid assumptions about what is “normal,” and how damaging they can be. Not just to LGBTQ people, but to ‘gender normative' women who, say, want to work and not have babies. Or want to have babies but not wear makeup. Let's talk about how harmful those cultural anxieties can be for the straight man who wants to stay home with babies instead of work. Or the one who doesn't like sports (oh the horror) or guns, or going to Hooters on his lunch break.
Let's talk about how our short-sightedness in these regards contributes to rape culture, and every kind of violence against women, all over the world. Let's talk about how hard school can be for the little boy who walks funny, or the girl who runs faster and spits farther than the boys. If you're tired of talking about Caitlyn, let's talk about all those things. Because that's what all this is about.
And then, if there's time, let's talk about patriarchy. Let's talk about how we live in a world where the worst, most unforgiveable thing a man can do is say he'd rather be a woman. Let's talk about why that might be so horrifying to people. Let's talk about what that reaction teaches girls about their worth. Because THAT is what this is about.
Tired of talking about Caitlyn? I'm tired of talking about how much of a person's worth and well-being is wrapped up in what they wear, how they carry themselves, and which bathroom they use. Gender identity is so very, very much more than that, I know; and yet, it is these surface things that create such extreme discomfort. It is the outward appearance of gender that makes life hard for kids who don't fit in the box. It is the outward appearance that caught our eye on a magazine cover; but let that outward appearance lead us into the deeper, more difficult questions about who we are, and why we have such unyielding expectations around who others are allowed to be.
Let's talk about that. Let's also talk about the inherent arrogance in saying “God doesn't make mistakes…” As though any of us stay exactly as we are, forever. As though we aren't all evolving towards who God created us to be, our whole lives long.
None of this is about Caitlyn, but she is blazing this trail. She is making us talk about the things nobody wants to talk about, acknowledge the uncomfortable edges that we don't like to tread. For that, we should thank her. For the kids whose lives will be made fuller, richer, truer, and– dare we hope it– a little safer, we thank her.
But if you're tired of hearing about her, there is plenty of other stuff to be talking about. Pick one. Start somewhere.
And if you do want to keep talking–I mean, really need to keep talking–if you are one of those people feeling like you don't fit in or belong anywhere, and you need somebody to talk to, then please, know that you are a beloved child of God, as you are. And call some of these folks. They will listen. They can help.
The Trevor Project Lifeline
GLBT National Help Center
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
StopBullying.Gov
You keep talking. Shout if you have to. It may save your life.
Other Patheos writers who are talking/not talking about Caitlyn Jenner:
Christian Piatt
Benjamin Corey
John Shore
It's one of those wildlife stories where hardly anyone involved ends up happy with the outcome. And these days, that generally means lawsuits.
Almost extinct in 1974 when it was placed on the endangered species list, the Rocky Mountain gray wolf has made such a comeback, says the US Fish & Wildlife Service (FWS), that it was officially delisted earlier this week (except for Wyoming, where it remains a protected species – more on this in a minute).
The FWS is happy because the gray wolf population has recovered. "Currently, there are at least 1,645 wolves in the NRM [Northern Rocky Mountains] living in about 217 packs," it reports.
But ranchers and farmers aren't thrilled, to say the least, by an increase in gray wolves in their region. Their feelings of many are summed up in an opinion piece by Bill Moore at OregonLive.com, Wolves: Ranchers deserve to protect their property.
According to the FWS's figures: "Since 1987, confirmed kills by wolves total 1,109 cattle, 2,133 sheep, 115 dogs, 21 llamas, 28 goats, and 10 horses," and the "rate of kill" is increasing, although the level is lower than predicted.
But many environmentalists also aren't happy that gray wolves are no longer protected by the endangered species list (the delisting upheld a last-minute decision by the Bush administration). The announcement by the Interior Department "drew protests, including a letter signed by 225 scientists, saying the wolf population hadn't grown large enough," says SFGate.
Groups such as the Natural Resources Defense Council say that the wolves are going unprotected too soon. “Last time the [Fish & Wildlife] Service removed legal protections, there was an all out war on wolves in the weeks that followed,” said Louisa Willcox, director of the NRDC's office in Livingston, Mont. “We are so incredibly close to fulfilling the conditions necessary to declare the wolves' comeback as complete, but this move threatens to undo what should be an incredible conservation success story.”
CommonDreams.org reports this comment from Suzanne Stone, Northern Rockies representative for Defenders of Wildlife:
"All the reasons why this plan was a bad idea when the Bush administration proposed it still stand today. Idaho, which hosts the majority of the region's wolf population, has already publically announced its desire to aggressively reduce its state wolf population once federal protections are lifted. Today, there are at least 25 packs on the short-list that may be targeted for removal. ... Delisting the wolf at this point in time completely undermines the serious work, consideration and cooperation among all stakeholders that is necessary before being able to objectively declare the gray wolf recovered."
So a group of 12 environmental groups plans to sue Interior Secretary Ken Salazar to return the gray wolf to the endangered species list. Something similar happened two years ago when a trio of animal-advocacy groups – The Humane Society of the United States, Help Our Wolves Live, and the Animal Protection Institute – sued the FWS to prevent it from removing the wolves from gray wolves from the endangered species list in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan.
(Brad Knickerbocker provides some excellent background on this ongoing saga in a 2008 Monitor article.)
Add Wyoming to the list of those filing lawsuits. The gray wolf remains federally protected in Wyoming because, the FWS says, the state lacks a management plan it considers appropriate.
The Associated Press reports what that means: The service "rejected the state's plan for a 'predator zone' where wolves could be shot on sight. Wyoming Gov. Dave Freudenthal and a coalition of livestock and hunting groups have announced a lawsuit against the federal government over the decision."
A Wyoming newspaper article suggests that Wyoming's status could hurt its ranchers when dealing with predator wolves.
Feelings run strong on both sides:
"Wanna Shoot a Wolf? Come to Idaho," shouts Mother Jones magazine.
"Idaho Governor C.L. Butch Otter repeated his wish to be the first in his state to get the wolf hunting tag so he can try to shoot one of the wolves," says RedOrbit. " 'The fish and game population is really counting on a robust population of trophy animals to maintain that part of our economy,' he said."
Probably the only thing sure at this point is that we'll be hearing much more about gray wolves.
If you have solar panels in Oakland, Prince might have paid for them
Prince performs at the 19th annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony, Monday, March 15, 2004, at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York. Prince performs at the 19th annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony, Monday, March 15, 2004, at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York. Photo: KEVIN KANE, AP Photo: KEVIN KANE, AP Image 1 of / 20 Captions Close If you have solar panels in Oakland, Prince might have paid for them 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
In the days since the death of music legend Prince, stories of his secret, wide-ranging philanthropy efforts are finally being told.
Two of Prince's major charitable endeavors were centered in the Bay Area: bringing solar panels to Oakland and helping young people of color learn how to code.
In an interview with CNN, political activist Van Jones revealed that, while he was the face of environmental group Green For All, Prince was the driving force and checkbook.
"There are people who have solar panels right now on their houses in Oakland, California that don't know Prince paid for them," Jones said.
But that wasn't all. Prince also helped found #YesWeCode, an initiative to help young people from "low opportunity backgrounds" learn the necessary skills for jobs in the tech sector.
"He insisted we create 'Yes We Code,'" Jones told USA Today, "so that kids in hoodies could be mistaken for kids in Silicon Valley."
In fact, Jones says that concerts in Oakland (and other cities) were a "cover" so he could visit and check in on charitable organizations and local community groups.
"He did not want it be known publicly, and he did not want us to say it. But I'm gonna say it because the world needs to know that it wasn't just the music," Jones said. "The music was just one way he tried to help the world, but he was helping every day of his life."
Many cultures swear by the benefits of a hot bath. But only recently has science began to understand how passive heating (as opposed to getting hot and sweaty from exercise) improves health.
At Loughborough University we investigated the effect of a hot bath on blood sugar control (an important measure of metabolic fitness) and on energy expended (number of calories burned). We recruited 14 men to take part in the study. They were assigned to an hour-long soak in a hot bath (40˚C) or an hour of cycling. The activities were designed to cause a 1˚C rise in core body temperature over the course of one hour.
We measured how many calories the men burned in each session. We also measured their blood sugar for 24 hours after each trial.
Cycling resulted in more calories being burned compared with a hot bath, but bathing resulted in about as many calories being burned as a half-hour walk (around 140 calories). The overall blood sugar response to both conditions was similar, but peak blood sugar after eating was about 10% lower when participants took a hot bath compared with when they exercised.
We also showed changes to the inflammatory response similar to that following exercise. The anti-inflammatory response to exercise is important as it helps to protect us against infection and illness, but chronic inflammation is associated with a reduced ability to fight off diseases. This suggests that repeated passive heating may contribute to reducing chronic inflammation, which is often present with long-term diseases, such as type 2 diabetes.
Exciting new field of research
Passive heating for human health is a relatively new field of research, but some exciting results have emerged over the past few years.
Research from Finland, published in 2015, suggested that frequent saunas can reduce the risk of having a heart attack or stroke – at least in men. The idea that passive heating can improve cardiovascular function received further support when the University of Oregon published a study the following year showing that regular hot baths can lower blood pressure.
In a second study, the same group looked at the mechanism responsible for these improvements. They found that passive heating raised levels of nitric oxide, a molecule that dilates blood vessels and reduces blood pressure. This has implications for treating high blood pressure and improving peripheral circulation in people with type 2 diabetes. As type 2 diabetes is associated with reductions in nitric oxide availability, passive heating may help re-establish a healthier nitric oxide level and reduce blood pressure.
In order to establish the effect of increasing body temperature passively, as opposed to through exertion, another study matched the intensity of heating from water immersion to that of running on a treadmill. Water immersion resulted in a greater increase in body temperature compared with exercise, as well as a greater reduction in average arterial blood pressure. This is important as a reduction in blood pressure is closely associated with a reduced risk of developing heart disease. This study points to the promising effect that may result from passive heating. It also suggests some of the cardiovascular effects of passive heating may be comparable with those of exercise.
As well as the cardiovascular effects of passive heating, there is evidence to suggest that there may be beneficial metabolic effects as well – such as better control of blood sugar. The first study, conducted by Philip Hooper of McKee Medical Center, Colorado, in 1999, investigated the effect of three weeks of hot-tub therapy in patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. The results showed improvements in body weight, blood sugar control and a reduced dependence on insulin.
Hooper thought these effects may result from changes to blood flow as a result of passive heating, but he was unable to identify a specific mechanism by which their intervention led to these benefits.
Since this early investigation, few studies have investigated the potential for passive heating to improve blood sugar control in humans. With our study, we have tried to reignite interest in the health benefits that may be linked to passive heating.
Heat shock proteins
Studies using animals may have identified how heating affects health. These studies suggest one of the key regulators of blood sugar control may be heat shock proteins.
Heat shock proteins are molecules that are made by all cells of the human body in response to stresses. Their levels rise following exercise and passive heating. In the long term, raised levels of these proteins may help the function of insulin and improve blood sugar control. (Conversely, heat shock proteins have been shown to be lower in people with diabetes.)
It seems that activities that increase heat shock proteins may help to improve blood sugar control and offer an alternative to exercise. These activities – such as soaking in a hot tub or taking a sauna – may have health benefits for people who are unable to exercise regularly. Hopefully our future investigations, coupled with those of other groups worldwide, will help to establish the true potential of passive heating as a therapeutic tool.
The US Supreme Court [official website] on Monday rejected a challenge [order list, PDF] to a law that bans protests on the marble plaza in front of the courthouse. In their decision to deny the petition in Hodge v. Talkin [docket], the court left in place a ruling [JURIST report] by the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit [official website], which found that the law does not violate the First Amendment [Cornell LII backgrounder]. Under the law, protesters are not allowed to gather in the plaza in front of the courthouse but are allowed to gather on the sidewalk.
The case was brought by Harold Hodge and the Rutherford Institute [advocacy website] after Hodge was arrested in January 2011 for wearing a sign protesting the treatment of minorities by law enforcement. The court previously ruled [opinion] on the constitutionality of the law governing protests or demonstrations at or near its building in a 1983 case, United States v. Grace [opinion, PDF]. The justices then nullified only the law's ban on displays on the public sidewalks around the court building, refusing to strike down the entire law as written. The former law allowed the court's police force discretion to allow only two kinds of activity on its plaza: television crew interviews on days the court had held hearings, and taking photographs for commercial or professional purposes with the court's permission.
Home Daily News Attorneys who helped client change story…
Legal Ethics
Attorneys who helped client change story by 'explaining' the law get 9-month suspensions
Two Fordham University law school classmates who set up a law practice together a few years after graduating are now both facing nine-month suspensions for pursuing a fraudulent personal injury case.
In a Tuesday opinion (PDF), the Appellate Division of New York Supreme Court suspended the licenses of Daniel H. Levy and Shane O. Rios, effective June 13, 2013.
Within a few months of opening the firm in January 2008, the two attorneys signed on a new client who said she had been injured in a church sidewalk fall. But by May 2008, it had become clear that the woman's initial story would not establish a sufficient basis for a winning lawsuit, the court wrote, and the two attorneys helped the client manufacture a false story to support an alternative legal claim by “explaining” the law to her.
The client subsequently changed her story, and Levy and Rios filed suit against a new defendant, who owned a home across the street from the church. Then, as a trial loomed, the two realized that their prior experience as personal injury associates had not prepared them to try the case without assistance and brought in another lawyer to do so. In order to prevent him from learning of the client's change of story, they removed documents from her file that showed their firm had initially pursued a claim against the church, the opinion recounts.
Although the two respondents admitted the facts at issue, as well as liability concerning two of the three ethics charges asserted against them, they argued that they had not violated all of the rules. However, the court found that they had violated all three, which prohibited conduct involving “dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation” and conduct that adversely reflects on a lawyer's fitness as an attorney, as well as taking on a legal matter that the attorney knows or should know he or she “not competent to handle without associating with a lawyer who is competent to handle it.”
The two lawyers were remorseful and presented evidence in mitigation about their public and community service activities. But, noting that their actions also harmed an innocent third party (the homeowner, who prevailed at trial after the client in the sidewalk-injury case was impeached with evidence of criminal convictions that conflicted with her deposition statements), the court agreed with a Departmental Disciplinary Committee hearing panel recommendation that a nine-month suspension was warranted.
“Here, based on the record, it is clear that respondents intentionally influenced their client to misrepresent the situs of her accident in order to pursue an action which they knew was fraudulent from its inception,” the Appellate Division writes. “Thereafter, respondents, with full knowledge that they were perpetrating a fraud, commenced an action against an innocent third party, filing papers, such as pleadings, containing misrepresentations with the court. Then, for a over a year, respondents continued to conduct discovery and attend court conferences with full knowledge that the action they were pursuing was based on a misrepresentation which they themselves influenced.
“When forced to retain trial counsel, respondents not only failed to apprise counsel that their client's accident did not occur where she alleged, but in order to conceal their prior misconduct, they sanitized the case file, removing any evidence as to the accident's actual situs. While respondents never expressly admitted that their behavior was motivated by financial gain, in a case where their legal fee would be determined by the amount they were able to recover for their client, it is clear that respondents engaged in the misconduct alleged and to which they admitted for financial gain and with venal intent.”
Hat tip: Legal Profession Blog.
JULIA Gillard has pledged to spend $500 million over the next five years to build schools in Indonesia.
The Prime Minister's gift came as she declared the key to improving relations between Australia and Indonesia would come through education.
It dramatically increases education assistance Australia already provides to Indonesia.
Australia hopes this will help stamp out so-called terror schools where students are taught to hate the west.
“My firm belief is the future of our two countries will be determined largely by what is happening in the schools of each of our nations today,” Ms Gillard said.
Under the announcement, Australia's $500 million will support the Indonesian Government's goal of providing nine-years of school education to every child.
The money will help build or expand 2000 schools and support 1500 Islamic schools to upgrade to meet national standards.
Australia also is helping improve the quality of school management in Indonesia and education research.]
About 330,000 Indonesian children are estimated to now have access to school because of Australia.
Ms Gillard also announced Australia would give an extra $1.1 million to increase assistance for the recent tsunami and eruption of Mount Merapi to $2.1 million.
“We are two nations that have had strong partnerships in the past when each of us have had natural disasters,” she said.
Ms Gillard thanked Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono for Indonesia's support after Victoria's Black Saturday bushfires.
Originally published as PM's $500m for Indonesian schools
Myanmar's military says at least 28 people have been killed during renewed clashes in western Rakhine state.
The announcement on Sunday came the same day a Human Rights Watch report said satellite images appeared to show three Muslim Rohingya villages had been "burned to the ground" in recent weeks.
In a statement published online, the military said 22 attackers armed with swords were killed near Dar Gyi Zar village after they charged at soldiers, adding another six attackers were killed during clashes elsewhere in the restive state.
Authorities have heavily restricted access to the area, which came under deadly attack last month, making it difficult to independently verify government reports or accusations of army abuse.
Northern Rakhine, which is home to the Muslim Rohingya minority and borders Bangladesh, has been under military lockdown ever since surprise raids on border posts left nine police dead last month.
Soldiers have killed several dozen people and arrested scores in their hunt for the attackers, who the government said are radicalised Rohingya people with links to foreign armed groups.
On Saturday, the military claimed two soldiers and six attackers were killed in an ambush, after helicopter gunships were deployed.
Rohingya villages burned down
The crisis and reports of grave rights abuses being carried out in tandem with the security crackdown have piled international pressure on Myanmar's new civilian government, and raised questions about its ability to control its military.
New York-based HRW urged authorities to invite United Nations investigators to look into the destruction of a total of 430 buildings in three villages in the northern Maungdaw district between October 22 and November 10.
"New satellite images not only confirm the widespread destruction of Rohingya villages, but show that it was even greater than we first thought," Brad Adams, HRW's Asia director, said in a statement.
According to the group, the damage took place in the villages of Pyaung Pyit, Kyet Yoe Pyin, and Wa Peik.
Rohingya people are a stateless minority whom Buddhist nationalists vilify as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh - even though many have lived in Myanmar for generations.
The latest outbreak of violence came at a time of heightened tensions between the authorities and the ethnic Rohingya community, which has seen the government arm non-Muslim civilians in Rakhine and renewed crackdowns on the Rohingya.
Marcus Mariota is having the typical QB rookie season in the NFL. He has had is ups (Perfect passer rating against the Buccaneers and outplaying Drew Bress in New Orleans) and his downs (Back to back poor games against the Bills and Dolphins) throughout the season. Altogether, his stats show that he is having an overall solid season as he is 19th in yards per game (249.3), 20th in Completion Percentage (62.8), 15th in TDs (16), 14th in Passer Rating (92.8), and has only thrown 8 INTs in 9 games played. His last game against the Oakland Raiders was one of his lows as it was his first game all season that he didn't complete over 50% of his passes. This was surprising to me as the Raiders have one of the worst pass defense in the league on the surface as they are 29th in passing yards per game allowed (282.7). But the rest of their stats are respectable as they are 14th in Y/A allowed (7.1) and completion percentage (62.6), 16th in TD allowed (19), T-9th in INTs (11), and 15th in passer rating allowed (87.8). This article dives into the film to see why Mariota struggled against an underrated but average Oakland Raiders secondary despite the three touchdown passes. This isn't going to be a full out criticism of Mariota like previous articles I have written. I want to make this more of an evaluation of what he is doing right and wrong and point out what he should improve on because he is a rookie in his 9th game of his NFL career.
1st Quarter
Pass #1
Situation: 1st and 10 TEN 20
Description: Q1-(15:00) M. Mariota Pass Incomplete Short Left to H. Douglas (D. Autry)
QB Marcus Mariota (#8) does not get much help on this play by his receivers as none of them get open quickly. Mariota's first read on this five-step drop pass was to TE Craig Stevens (#88) on the curl route. MLB Curtis Lofton (#50) sits on the curl route and takes it away. Mariota does go through his progression and goes to WR Harry Douglas (#83) on the curl as his second read. CB Travis Carrie (#38) is playing off coverage in his Cover 3 deep zone but is not giving Douglas a cushion, leading to Douglas running into him. I'm going to give Mariota the benefit of the doubt here and say he sees that Carrie is going to commit the holding penalty/pass interference on Douglas as Douglas tries to turn on the curl route. Carrie does hold Douglas on the curl so Mariota actually makes a great read here going to Douglas. Mariota tries to drive this ball downwards so Douglas is the only one who can catch a low pass in case the penalty is not called. But he has to try to throw this ball through a wall as DE Denico Autry (#96) on the stunt and DT Justin Ellis (#78) are both in the throwing lane. He gets it over Ellis, but Autry gets his hands in the way to knock the ball down. Mariota's read is a good one, but his throw selection helps lead to the ball getting tipped at the line of scrimmage. If Mariota just tries to get it in the area with Douglas and throw it over Autry, he is going to get Carrie on the pass interference and pick up the first down. (0/1)
Pass #2
Situation: 3rd and 8 TEN 22
Description: Q1-(14:14) M. Mariota Pass Incomplete Deep Left to K. Wright
WR Kendall Wright (#13) had been out for the last three games with a sprained ankle coming into this game. Combine that with the two games Mariota (#8) missed with a sprained knee and it's apparent that Mariota and Wright have not had a lot of game time together. This shows on this play as there is a clear miscommunication between Wright and Mariota. Mariota's first read is to Douglas (#83) on the seam route but CB Neiko Thorpe (#31) has tight coverage and S Charles Woodson (#24) is playing over the top of the seam route. Mariota wisely comes off of his first read and looks at Wright. CB David Amerson (#29) is slow to following Wright on the pre-snap motion so he has a lot of work to do to recover on Wright. Wright sees that Amerson is playing over the top of him in his man coverage so he stops his go route short and goes into a curl route. I don't think Mariota knows what Wright is going to do when he is looking at Wright's route as he double clutches before making the throw. With more experience and practice time, this is a first down for the Titans as Mariota hits Wright on the curl route. Instead, Mariota throws like Wright is supposed to keep going on the go route and the ball lands incomplete. Part of what threw off Mariota may have been due to panic about the pass rush. Rookie DE Mario Edwards Jr. (#97) is coming on the stunt from the LDT position and LT Taylor Lewan (#77) doesn't pick up Edwards till he is in Mariota's face. The coaches talk to Wright immediately after the play like he was in the wrong but I think Wright made a heads-up route break and Mariota and he need to experience together to make this route work. (0/2)
Pass #3
Situation: 2nd and 7 TEN 11
Description: Q1-(12:18) M. Mariota Pass Short Right to A. Fasano to TEN 16 for 5 Yards (D. Amerson)
Mariota (#8) only has to go to his first read on this play and makes the right read and throw. The Raiders are in a Cover 3 zone and OLB Malcolm Smith (#53) is responsible for the flat zone. He has to respect the flare route of RB Antonio Andrews (#26) out of the backfield, opening up a hole in the zone coverage. With TE Delanie Walker (#82) occupying Lofton (#50) on his curl route, TE Anthony Fasano (#80) is able to sit in the void in the zone. Mariota's first read is to Fasano and he doesn't hesitate to throw it to Fasano to make it 3rd and short. This isn't a hard read or throw to make, but I like the decisiveness of the throw as he plants and throws as soon as he is at the top of his dropback. (1/3, 5 Yards)
Pass #4
Situation: 3rd and 2 TEN 16
Description: Q1-(11:39) M. Mariota Pass Incomplete Short Middle to K. Wright (T. Carrie)
This is the first pass that scream that Mariota (#8) is a rookie QB in the NFL. Mariota' first read is to Wright (#13) on the slant route. Carrie (#38) is playing press coverage against Wright and doesn't give up inside leverage on the slant route. There is nowhere for Mariota to throw this pass to Wright and yet he tries to force the pass in. He throws the pass after he does a double clutch though which shows he isn't confident in being able to throw a completion to Wright. Mariota will learn as he grows up in the league (hopefully) that if he double clutches on a throw, he should just move on to the next read instead of forcing the ball. If he goes to his next read, he would have seen that Fasano (#80) is open on his slant route as rookie MLB Ben Heeney (#51) is caught watching the QBs eyes and doesn't follow Fasano on his route. Instead, Mariota tries to force the pass into Wright and Carrie knocks the pass down. (1/4, 5 Yards)
Pass #5
Situation: 1st and 10 TEN 12
Description: Q1-(8:23) M. Mariota Pass Deep Left to D. Walker Pushed Out of Bounds at TEN 48 for 36 Yards (T. Carrie)
While Mariota (#8) does everything right on this play decision making and throw placement, his mechanics on this drop back concern me. After Mariota does the play action fake and turns around, he sets up in the pocket with his body facing where he wants to throw the ball. Safeties already do a good enough job reading the eyes of a QB in the NFL, giving them the whole body is making it too easy. Mariota needs to be at least close to perpendicular to the line of scrimmage at the top of his drop to not give away where he is throwing the ball. Now on to the good things. Mariota's first read is to Walker (#82) on the deep dig route. I like that he doesn't look short first to Douglas (#83) on the flare route coming off the play action fake and is looking to attack deep. Loften (#50) doesn't get any depth in his zone drop (and doesn't have a clue where Walker is) and with S Nate Allen (#20) having to get depth in his deep middle drop due to the post route of WR Dorial Green-Beckham (#17), there is a big gap for Walker to run into. Mariota does a good job waiting for Walker to get into this hole in the coverage despite Ellis (#78) bearing down on him in the pass rush and throws a great pass to hit Walker on the run for a big gain. His throwing mechanics is off as he threw off his back foot due to the pass rush of Ellis, but he has enough arm strength to get the ball out to Walker. (2/5, 41 Yards)
Pass #6
Situation: 1st and 10 TEN 48
Description: Q1-(7:51) M. Mariota Pass Short Right to H. Douglas Push Out of Bounds at OAK 41 for 11 Yards (T. Carrie)
There isn't much to talk about here as this play is as simple of a read and throw that Mariota (#8) will have to make in his career. Coming off the play action fake, he bootlegs to his right and has a two-man read as Green-Beckham (#17) is running the comeback route and Douglas (#83) runs the arrow route underneath Green-Beckham. Carrie (#38) overcommits to the slant action of Douglas' arrow route and Douglas is wide open underneath. With Amerson (#29) playing Green-Beckham tight, this is an easy read for Mariota and he makes the right decision to go to Douglas. He makes an accurate throw to Douglas and the Titans pick up a first down. (3/6, 52 Yards)
Pass #7
Situation: 1st and 10 OAK 41
Description: Q1-(7:11) M. Mariota Pass Short Left to D. Walker to OAK 35 for 6 Yards (M. Smith)
I like the courage Mariota (#8) shows under pressure in the pocket and his use of eyes on this play. Mariota is looking off the defense to his right as he does the fake draw handoff before coming to his left in his progression. This is promising to see for a rookie QB as it shows that he is at least working on looking off a defense with his eyes and that with time it may become natural to him. Mariota's first read is to Walker (#82) on the curl route and it's the only read that Mariota has time to look at as the pass rush is on top of him quickly. Autry (#96) beats RG Chance Warmack (#70) on the inside move and is in Mariota's face immediately. Walker is open for Mariota to throw to as he has gotten between Smith (#53) in man coverage and DE Benson Mayowa (#95) in his hook zone coverage. This is partly due to Mariota's eyes early in the play as he kept Mayowa from drifting to his right in his zone drop. Mariota is again throwing off his back foot due to the pass rush, but he throws a perfect pass to Walker to beat the coverage for a good gain on first down. (4/7, 58 Yards)
Pass #8
Situation: 1st and 10 OAK 20
Description: Q1-(5:58) M. Mariota Pass Deep Middle to C. Stevens for 20 Yards and Touchdown
If I had to pick one play to show that Mariota is going to make it in the NFL, this would be on the list of plays I would consider. Mariota's primary read is to Stevens (#88) on the seam route but Mariota instead looks at Walker (#82) on the seam route. Woodson (#24) is playing the deep middle and is reading Mariota's eyes. Woodson slides to his right to take away Walker, opening up the seam route for Stevens. Stevens has beaten Allen (#20) to the inside but Allen is still in decent position to make a play on the ball. Mariota looks back to Stevens, sees an opportunity for a touchdown, and rips it to Stevens. The throw has to fit through a small window and Mariota throws it through that window perfectly as the ball is high and on Steven's inside shoulder. Stevens is able to tip it to himself for the touchdown and will get the praise for a great catch but without Mariota's eyes, Stevens never gets a chance to catch this ball. (5/8, 78 yards, 1 TD)
Pass #9
Situation: 3rd and 4 TEN 26
Description: Q1-(0:09) M. Mariota Pass Incomplete Deep Left to H. Douglas. Penalty on TEN-Q. Spain, Offensive Holding, Declined
I honestly think Mariota (#8) is confused on this play as he had open receivers in multiple places. The Raiders are in a Tampa 2 and one of the weaknesses Tampa 2 is the deep outside if the safety is slow getting to the outside. The Titans have a perfect route called against this coverage as Douglas (#83) is running the corner route. He gets behind Thorpe (#31) and outside of Allen (#20) quickly and is open for a big gain. Mariota doesn't wait for Douglas to open up and instead looks back to his right to the dig route of Green-Beckham. This is not going to be open against a Tampa 2 and Woodson (#24) is sitting on the dig route. If Mariota isn't going to throw it to Douglas, he should have looked at the slant route of Wright (#13) or the arrow route of Walker (#82) and find the hole in the zone. Wright ends up being open in the middle of the field for a first down as Heeney (#51) is bailing to the deep middle and Smith (#53) expands into his hook coverage. Mariota never sees it though and instead holds the ball waiting for Green-Beckham to open up. By the time he looks away from Green-Beckham, the pass rush is on him as Edwards Jr. (#97) has beaten LG Quinton Spain (#60) on a rip move and forces Mariota to flush out to his left. Mayowa (#95) chases Mariota and forces him to throw the ball away. If Mariota is more patient on his read to Douglas or goes through his progression from left to right, this play would have been a first down. Instead, he looked confused and cost his team a first down. (5/9, 78 Yards, 1 TD)
For the 2nd Quarter throws, click on the next page
It happens to me everywhere I go. I'll be having a conversation with some mates at the hostel and, forgetting I'm not in New Zealand, I'll say something like…
“Yeah nah bro, I reckon that's all good, cheap as for a mean as feed like that!”
And they'll all stare at me in silence, as if I'm an alien speaking to them in Na'vi. And then one of them will go, “Sorry, what?”
Meanwhile the Aussie guys next to me are pissing themselves laughing.
I've since learned to go easy on the New Zealand slang while travelling, especially when I'm around non Kiwi folk, but this isn't as easy as it sounds. It's actually quite a struggle, and I still remember bunking with an Aussie in Colombia and both of us laughing at how nice it was to finally be able to speak normally with someone.
So, next time a Kiwi is in your dorm, prep yourself with this guide. In fact, bust out some of the New Zealand slang below and they'll think you're the coolest person alive. More importantly, if you plan on coming to New Zealand you'd do well to learn as many of these NZ slang words and phrases as possible.
Learning Kiwi slang isn't easy, so we'll start with 20 common words. Once you've learned them all, move on to the next section where I'll teach you the good stuff. You guys are going to be speaking fluent Kiwi in no time!
Lesson 1: Popular words in NZ slang
Kiwi – Can refer to either a New Zealander, or the country's national bird. For the fruit, we say kiwifruit.
Jandals – Flip flops. e.g. Havaianas
Dairy – A convenience store, corner store, or mini supermarket.
Chilly bin – A cooler bin, used for keeping drinks cold.
The wops – Really far away, the middle of nowhere. e.g. she lives far away, out in the wops.
Macca's – McDonald's
Togs – Swimsuit
Bonnet & boot – Hood & trunk (of a car)
Scull – To drink a usually alcoholic drink in one go without stopping.
Buggered – Very tired
Fizzy drink – Soda
Mince – Ground beef
Hot chips – French fries
Kai – Maori word for food
Chocka Block – Crowded/busy
Pissed – Drunk
Cuppa – A hot drink, usually short for “cup of coffee” or “cup of tea”
Jumper – A jersey or sweatshirt
Angus – Someone with an anger problem
Hungus – Someone who eats too much
Easy enough? Cool. Now try to wrap your head around these:
Lesson 2: More Kiwi slang words and phrases
Bro – When I'm with my friends I use this in almost every sentence. We use it in place of ‘man' or ‘mate' or ‘dude'. It's not reserved for good friends, you can say it to anyone, like the mailman or a taxi driver. They'll probably say it back to you.
Example:
Jack: Hey bro how's it going?
John: I'm all good bro! Did you see Shortland Street last night bro? It was crazy bro!
All good – This basically means ‘everything's fine' or ‘no problem', and we also use it in place of ‘you're welcome' when someone says thank you.
Example:
Jack: I thought my car was going to break down but it was all good, thanks for waiting.
John: All good bro.
Sweet as – Means ‘no problem', or sometimes can just mean a simple “OK”. Used similarly to ‘all good'.
Example:
Jack: Yo, we're all going to Jen's house to watch Gossip Girl and eat Toffee Pops. Gotta go gym first but I'll pick you up at 7?
John: Sweet as (translation: OK).
Faaa – This could be considered a shortened version of “far out” (or the F word, I'm actually not sure) which can be used to express both excitement and disappointment. The amount of excitement or disappointment you wish to express will depend on how long you hold the ‘faa'.
Example:
If you scratch a lotto ticket and win $2 you might go “Faaa, only $2”, but if you scratched it and won $20,000 you'd probably go “Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa $20,000!”
As – We commonly use the word “as” as an amplifier to the preceding adjective. For example, “cheap as” would translate to “really cheap”.
Example:
John: Bro, check out my new polka dot undies. Got them in Howick for 20 bucks.
Jack: Bro, that's expensive as! (translation: that's really f*cking expensive).
Hardout – This has many meanings:
1. To amplify an adjective.
Example:
It's hardout cold today! (translation: It is extremely cold today)
2. To express agreement to something very enthusiastically.
Example:
Jack: Bro, this restaurant is awesome as, we should come here every week.
John: Hardout! (translation: yes, we should!)
3. To describe something as awesome or amazing.
Example:
John: How was the movie?
Jack: It was hardout, bro! (translation: It was awesome, bro).
4. To describe someone as extremely talented/hardworking/successful.
Example:
John: Did you know Ben got 100% in every exam?
Jack: Man, that guy is a hardout! (translation: that guy works really hard).
Not even – Loosely translates to “No way” or “That's not true”, but can be used in various different contexts.
Example:
Jack: Bro, I forgot my wallet. You'll lend me 20 bucks though eh?
John: Not even! (translation: No, I wont.)
Ow – This can be combined with “Not even” and is used somewhat like an exclamation mark. It's used quite sparingly, but if you manage to pull off the “Not even” + “Ow” combo as a foreigner, you will probably be made an honorary Kiwi.
Example:
Jack: Bro, how did you pass that exam, you must have cheated hardout!
John: Not even ow! (translation: Get the f**k outa here)
Shot – This has multiple meanings, so many that it would be pointless to explain them all here. In fact I'm not even sure I could explain them, as there is an acquired comfort in using this word and understanding all it's uses. Nonetheless, I encourage foreigners to try as often as possible. Three of the most common meanings are:
1. To express thanks.
Example:
Hey bro, can you pass me that jug of water please? Shot. (translation: Thanks)
2. To express joy, similar to how you might use “Yuss!!”
Example:
John: Bro, Jen got us free VIP tickets for Miley Cyrus tonight!
Jack: Oh shot! (translation: That's awesome!)
3. To express encouragement, or to say ‘good job' or ‘well done'.
Example:
John: Hey bro, I finally passed my bikini waxing certification last night. Starting my new job tomorrow!
Jack: Shot bro! (translation: Well done!)
A feed – A meal
Example:
Jack: I'm hungry bro.
John: Alright, let's go for a feed. Macca's?
Reckon – In many ways it is a synonym for the word “think”, for example instead of saying “I think so” you could say “I reckon”. However it has other meanings:
1. Used to express one's opinion. For example, instead of saying “Do you think?” you would say “Do you reckon?”
Example:
John: Do you reckon if I buy Jen a box of Pineapple Lumps and then ask her on a date she will say yes?
Jack: Yeah, I reckon! (translation: yes, I think she will).
2. Used to agree enthusiastically to something.
Example:
John: I can't believe Tom cheated on Jill for the 279th time!
Jack: I reckon! What a dick. (translation: I know! What a dick).
Mean – An adjective to describe something as really amazing or awesome.
Example:
Jack: Did you see that girl in the purple dress last night?
John: Yeah bro that girl was the meanest! (translation: that girl was extremely hot/amazing).
Example:
Jack: Did you like that Olsen twins movie we saw last week?
John: Yeah, it was pretty mean (translation: Yeah, it was quite good).
Heaps – Means ‘a lot' or ‘very'.
Example:
Jack: Man, I always see that girl there.
John: Yeah, I've seen her heaps too. She goes there heaps bro. (translation: Yeah, I've seen her a lot too. She goes there all the time).
Piece of piss – To describe something that's very easy, similar to “piece of cake”.
Example:
Jack: Hey, I'm about to take my driving test. Is it hard?
John: Nah, piece of piss bro (translation: No, it's very easy).
Taking the piss – An expression which means ‘to make fun of' or to ‘mock', or to not be taking something seriously. Not to be confused with “taking a piss”, which means to urinate.
Example:
Jack: I was gonna go out drinking with you guys tonight, but Jen got mad at me so I'm staying home.
John: What the f**k? Are you taking the piss? (translation: Are you being serious?)
Yeah nah bro – This basically means “Umm” or can just be used to fill space. It's what guys usually put at the start of a sentence when they don't know what to say. It really has no meaning at all.
Example:
Jack: Hey bro, I saw you and Jess go home together last night.
John: Yeah nah bro… how did your night go?
To the days – This is pinned to the end of a word or phrase, and means ‘extremely' or ‘very'.
Example:
Jack: Did you see Tim got drunk again last night?
John: Bro, that guy's an alcoholic to the days. (translation: That guy's seriously an alcoholic).
Honest to whom? – Loosely translates to “Really?” Often the response will be “Honest to G”, which I presume means Honest to God.
Example:
Jack: Bro, I won like $5,000 at the pokies last night.
John: Honest to whom?
Jack: Honest to G O D!
Gizza – Short for “Give us a”, which actually means “Give me a”.
Example:
Jack: Faaa, check this out, Jen posted a photo of herself on Instagram in a bikini.
John: Honest to whom? Gizza look! (translation: Really? Give me a look!)
Shout – This is the Kiwi form of the verb ‘to treat', such as treating someone to a meal or a drink.
Example:
Jack: Bro, I can't come out tonight, I spent all my money on a pedicure.
John: It's all good bro, Tim is shouting drinks tonight.
Jack: Shot!
What a sad guy – This is said when someone does something super uncool.
Example:
Jack: Bro, when Tim was drunk as last night I put $500 of booze on his credit card.
John: What a sad guy!
Aye (Eh) – Probably impossible to explain, but I will try. It has many different uses so you will need to listen carefully to the pitch, tone and context in which it's used to decipher the meaning in each particular situation. Also note that the word is pronounced like the letter “A”, not the letter I.
1. Used on the end of a statement to solicit agreement from the other party. Similar meaning to “don't you think?” or “isn't it?”
Example:
Jack: It's pretty hot today aye? (translation: It's pretty hot today, isn't it?)
John: Yeah bro, hardout. (translation: Yes, very).
2. Used to express disbelief and/or surprise. You would use a similar pitch and tone to when you say “Really??”.
Example:
Jack: Tim broke his leg at rugby last night and now he's in the hospital.
John: Aye? (translation: Really!?)
3. Used to express confusion when you're unsure of why something is happening or when things are not appearing as they should. When used in this context the “Aye” will typically be longer and more drawn out, usually in a slightly higher pitched voice.
Example:
Jack: Bro Mr Tupai said you have to go to his office after school because your exam was so crap.
John: Aaaaaye? (translation: What the hell!?)
4. Used as a filler word, with no real meaning at all.
Example:
Jack: How was Jen's cupcake party?
John: It was cool aye, I really enjoyed it.
Cuz – While technically short for “cousin” this is mostly used as a term of friendship, but can also be used as just a casual way to address someone. Sometimes the longer form “cuzzy” is used.
Example:
Staff: “Sir, here's your Big Mac combo, no pickle extra fries.”
Jack: “Oh, cheers cuz.” (translation: Thanks man)
Chur – Generally used in place of “cheers” or “thank you”, but in certain situations can also mean “OK/cool” or “No problem”. I've also heard people use it simply as a way to greet each other.
Example:
Jack: Saw you were running low bro so got you another beer.
John: Chur bro! (translation: Thanks man).
Can't be bothered – Used when someone is too lazy or just simply doesn't feel like doing something. Another variation of this is “can't be stuffed”, which has the same meaning and is used in the same way.
Example:
Jack: Bro, your arms are looking kinda small you should come to the gym with us.
John: Nah, I can't be bothered bro. (translation: No, I'm too lazy).
Choice – Simply means “good” or “cool” and is used similarly to “sweet as”.
Example:
John: Bro, Jen went to buy our movie tickets and the guy gave all of us free popcorn.
Jack: Oh choice! (translation: Oh that's awesome).
Suss – This word can have two different meanings depending on the context:
1. To take care of a task that needs to be done or to sort something out.
Example:
John: You were supposed to get our rugby tickets sorted, suss it out bro! (translation: take care of it)
Jack: Sussed it out this morning bro! (translation: I sorted it out this morning)
2. To describe something as suspicious/suspect.
Example:
John: Bro, it's all good, this guy said he'll give us a ride into town.
Jack: Are you sure you wanna go with him? He looks kinda suss bro. (translation: he looks a bit suspicious/not right).
Mint – Loosely translates to “cool”, or “awesome”. Has quite a broad meaning and can be used to describe most things that you think are cool.
Example:
John: “Bro, check out my new iPhone cover, it's got Kim Kardashian on the back.”
Jack: “Gizza look. Oh bro, that is mint.” (translation: Give me a look. Oh man, that is awesome.)
Gap it – Can simply mean “to leave” or can also mean to “run away”.
Example:
John: Bro I saw this guy trying to break into my car.
Jack: Did you catch him?
John: Nah, he gapped it. (translation: no, he ran away)
Well, that pretty much covers it! Hopefully now if we ever cross paths on the road you'll find it a little easier for us to understand each other.
Oh, and a special thanks to all the Canadians, Americans and Europeans I've met who didn't understand a word I was saying. You were the inspiration for this post.
Been to New Zealand? What other New Zealand slang phrases did you hear that you didn't understand? If you're a Kiwi, what did I miss? Let me know in the comments below!
Heading to New Zealand? Follow these tips: For affordable accommodation in New Zealand, I highly recommend using Airbnb. This will allow you to get both private rooms and fully furnished apartments at rates far less than hotels and some hostels, especially in the bigger cities. You can get $25 of free Airbnb credit using this link.
I highly recommend purchasing travel insurance, particularly if you plan on partaking in the outdoors or road tripping up and down the country. For a beginner's guide to travel insurance, why you need it, and how to get it, check out my post Travel Insurance 101: Everything You Need To Know.
If it's your first time visiting New Zealand, my buddy Will at The Broke Backpacker has an epic New Zealand travel guide on his blog. Check it out, it should have all the information you're going to need to see our fine country on a healthy budget!
There are still some hurdles to clear before he ever represents the U.S. Men's National Team, but Stefan Frei took a big step on Tuesday by becoming an American citizen.
Frei tweeted on Tuesday that he has officially passed his U.S. citizenship test. The Seattle Sounders goalkeeper, who moved to California as a teen, previously represented Switzerland at the youth level. Frei is still awaiting approval for a switch to represent the USMNT.
Thank you all for the love and support! I'm proud to finally be an American and will do everything to make my fellow citizens proud #USA — Stefan Frei (@Stefan24Frei) June 13, 2017
The 31-year-old goalkeeper, whose heroic save led the Sounders to the 2016 MLS Cup, joined the USMNT for January camp despite not being eligible to officially play. He departed camp early due to an ankle sprain.
Frei has started all 15 of the Sounders' matches this season, logging five shutouts.
Protesters kneel outside a St. Louis County government building in Clayton, Mo., their arms raised to show they aren't armed, a rebuke to reports that 18-year-old Mike Brown was shot and killed by police while unarmed. Ryan Shuessler
FERGUSON, Mo. – At the protests that have become a daily ritual after an 18-year-old unarmed African-American youth was shot and killed by police on Saturday, a growing population has emerged: parents of children in the community who want to show their support.
They also want the world outside St. Louis to know this:
Mike Brown could have been their son.
“I couldn't even imagine,” said Miyasa Jackson, who turned out to protest on Tuesday morning in Clayton, Mo., where the St. Louis County Police Department is headquartered. “My son is 14.”
For many black parents raising children in the patchwork of municipalities in the St. Louis area, teaching their children how to deal with the police when approached is as much a part of raising them as teaching them how to parallel park a car.
“When I taught my son how to drive, I told him, ‘Do not have a car full of Negroes,' ” said Geralda Ray, whose son just graduated from the University of Missouri-St. Louis. “Don't have more than one friend.' ”
Ray, who was holding a sign outside the apartment complex where Brown was killed, said even the smallest groups of black youth draw police suspicion in this part of the county, and it's that deep distrust that has culminated in the unrest seen this week.
Beirut (AFP) - Amnesty International said on Wednesday that nearly three months of Russian air raids in Syria have killed hundreds of civilians, many in targeted strikes that could constitute war crimes.
Some "appear to have directly attacked civilians or civilian objects by striking residential areas with no evident military target and even medical facilities, resulting in deaths and injuries to civilians," Amnesty Middle East and North Africa director Philip Luther said in a statement.
"Such attacks may amount to war crimes," he said, adding that it "is crucial that suspected violations are independently and impartially investigated".
The London-based rights group said there is "evidence suggesting that Russian authorities may have lied to cover up civilian damage to a mosque from one air strike and a field hospital in another".
There is also "evidence suggesting Russia's use of internationally banned cluster munitions and of unguided bombs in populated residential areas".
A spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday said the government had not seen the report but would look into it.
"We do not have any information about the reliability of the data provided by Amnesty International," Dmitry Peskov told reporters.
A source at the Russian foreign ministry also dismissed the report's sourcing.
"It is important to understand what source Amnesty International is using. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights... is not a source of information for us," the source said.
The Britain-based Observatory uses a network of sources on the ground to monitor Syria's conflict and has accused Russia of killing hundreds of civilians in air strikes.
"We have not received any facts (about civilian casualties) since September 30. On the contrary, all of their (the Observatory's) statements have been contested by facts," the Russian source added.
- 'There was just chaos' -
Amnesty's report focuses on attacks in Homs, Idlib and Aleppo provinces between September and November, which it said killed at least 200 civilians and around a dozen fighters.
Amnesty noted that Russian authorities "have claimed that their armed forces are only striking 'terrorist' targets. After some attacks, they have responded to reports of civilian deaths, by denying they killed civilians; after others, they have simply stayed silent."
In one of the deadliest incidents, Amnesty said three missiles were fired at a busy market in the Idlib locality of Ariha, killing 49 civilians.
Witnesses described how the bustling Sunday market became a scene of carnage in seconds, with local media activist Mohammed Qurabi al-Ghazal quoted as saying: "In just a few moments, people were screaming, the smell of burning was in the air and there was just chaos."
In another suspected Russian attack, at least 46 civilians, including 32 children and 11 women sheltering in the basement of a residential building, were killed in October in Ghantu, Homs, Amnesty said.
Video footage showed "no evidence of a military presence", and weapons experts said the nature of the destruction "indicated possible use of fuel-air explosives, a type of weapon particularly prone to indiscriminate effects when used in the vicinity of civilians".
On Tuesday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Russian air strikes had killed 2,132 people since the campaign began at the end of September, including 710 civilians.
The Syrian conflict has killed more than 250,000 people and forced millions to flee their homes since it broke out in March 2011.
If you crave fries in San Francisco, Jasper's Corner Tap is a natural choice. But your decisions aren't over yet. Will it be thin, thick, or sweet potato? Do you try the smoked-paprika seasoning or a cheese curd–based poutine, or play it safe with sea salt? There's an entire menu devoted to customizable fries at your fingertips.
French fries are one of the true crowd-pleasers—food that friends agree upon, that turns up at both five-star steakhouses and roadside dives, and that is familiar but can also surprise you. They can be cut thick or curly, cooked with or without skins, served Belgian-style in paper cones or in a parchment-lined basket with malt vinegar on the side. No matter how you slice it, the deep-fried spud is king.
So, how do you know a good one? “The best fries are made from fresh-cut potatoes and double-fried, which adds crispness,” says Glenn Walker, who has been posting reviews at frenchfrydiary.blogspot.com since 2004. “I've also noticed that more and more restaurants are enhancing the flavor of their fries by frying them in duck fat, seasoning them with truffle oil, and serving them with numerous dipping sauces,” he says.
Miami's Bourbon Steak is one leader in this trend, dishing out duck fat–coated fries in seasoning and sauce combos such as rosemary herb with a side of spicy ketchup. And at the aptly named Duckfat in Portland, ME, twice-fried fries are accompanied by a choice of eight dips, including enticing flavor combinations like truffle ketchup and Thai chili mayo.
As for the fry's humble beginnings, some say that, in the U.S., Thomas Jefferson was an early adopter. He was known to entertain guests with “potatoes served in the French manner,” according to essayist Charles Ebeling, a member of the Chicago Literary Club. Drive-in restaurants and fast-food joints that began popping up in the 1940s popularized fries by pairing them with burgers. And it's become almost impossible to think of one without the other.
Yet there are still purists who keep the focus on the traditional French fry. At Thrasher's in Ocean City, MD, if you want ketchup, you'd better bring your own.
—Laura Kiniry
Recently in Waco, Texas, a deadly brawl broke out between rival biker gangs. Most of the news stories around the event have highlighted the facts: the numbers of those killed, injured and arrested, how the police responded, and whether any innocent bystanders were caught in the melee. But, as an ethnographer, I am more interested in the culture of the bikers themselves. It seems to me that what this story calls for is long-term immersion reminiscent of the gonzo journalism of Hunter S Thompson in the 1960s with the Hell's Angels. As Peter Høeg has written, “There is one way to understand another culture. Living it.”
The most alluring stories about cities are those that revolve around our relationships to places and each other. Cities are where wealth pours, where the poorest hide and where power plays out in the spaces in between. This has always been the case, though now these flows are more visible than ever before. The social unrest in Baltimore over the past few months has made this clear, as daily footage was streamed around the world of clashes between the state and its citizens, from thousands of perspectives.
However, with increasing exposure, the risk also increases that the story gets boiled down to representations where the most spectacular components – those most resembling a Hollywood film – float to the top and are plucked and presented as wholly representative. The battle lines (sometimes less literal than in Waco) that emerge in cities are often an indication of something more systemic bubbling beneath the surface.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bradley Garrett: ‘Immersion can be dangerous'
The sensibilities of a researcher or journalist who undertakes what the anthropologist Clifford Geertz called “deep hanging out” is more crucial than ever. What we need in Waco, Baltimore and Brixton is not more shallow coverage of clashes; we need to embolden new ethnographers and long-form journalists in those communities to pen stories from the inside out.
Understanding the nuances of city stories, and tracing those tensions, requires immersion and patience. Whether we are writing about police work, protests, squatting, free parties, banking or parkour, the best socially engaged journalism – like the best university research – is rooted in participation, spiked with empathy, and resists being reduced to spectacle fodder.
As any war correspondent will tell you, immersion can also be dangerous. Going deep can cause us to lose a sense of the broader picture. Hanging out means we might be changed by our experiences. Immersion may mean that we, as storytellers, become part of that story. However, some of the most powerful work about cities has embraced those dangers and folded them into the narrative – as I tried to do in my research with urban explorers in London over the past few years.
When I arrived in London, in 2008, I knew little about urban exploration and even less about photography (the principal medium of these explorers). My first trespasses with what would become the London Consolidation Crew, into the power control rooms of Battersea power station and the derelict corridors of Victorian mental hospitals, were terrifying, thrilling and edifying.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Terrifying, thrilling and edifying': an urban explorer photographer on the Forth Rail Bridge in Edinburgh
By 2010, I had explored hundreds of locations in five countries with them, including an abandoned Soviet military base outside of Berlin called Vogelsang, where we stood on launch pads that once held nuclear missiles perched and primed to fire at London. Embedded with this crew, I have walked London's hidden rivers, run railway tracks in the middle of the night to access ghost stations in the Tube, dangled my legs over the edge of an 80-storey skyscraper in Chicago and helped build a secret hideout – sans permission – underneath the streets of Paris. Most importantly, though, I built bonds with a community that will last a lifetime, and those experiences saturate everything I write and do now.
Just as the boundaries between academic disciplines are breaking down, so too is the brittle boundary between research and journalism. A clutch of good work through history has straddled this edge. For instance, Henry Mayhew's 19th-century social surveys of London's poor, Douglas Harper's 20th-century visual research on freighthopping, and Alice Goffman's 21st-century ethnographic accounts of African Americans trapped in a revolving door of legal precarity in Philadelphia.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bradley Garrett explored the control rooms of Battersea power station with what would become the London Consolidation Crew. Photograph: Martin Godwin
All of these projects share a commitment to immersion that undermines the boundaries between the researcher and the researched. We are saturated in a milieu of small stories about people asserting their rights to cities in various ways. The empathetic eye of the journalist-ethnographer can locate those stories and stick with them, stepping over the line from observation to participation. Doing so carries with it dangers – but then cities have always been dangerous places. That is part of why we love living in them.
Five of the most influential ‘gonzo' ethnographies
Author, academic and urban explorer Bradley Garrett will be one of the speakers at the Guardian Masterclasses How To Write About Cities seminar on Saturday 23 May. Go here for more details.
New Delhi: To reduce the number of vexatious and malicious complaints the government has decided to encourage the complainants to mention their Aadhaar card numbers while filing grievances on governance-related matters through an online platform.
The Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances (DARPG), which is the nodal agency for formulating policy guidelines for citizen-centric governance, manages a Centralised Public Grievance Redress and Monitoring System.
People can visit public grievance website--www.pgportal. nic.in-- to file their complaints. The grievance can be filed against any government organisation in the country through this portal.
"There have been some vexatious complaints and those with no concrete information. People should be encouraged to mention their Aadhaar number so that false complaints can be separated from the genuine ones and there is no harassment of a government official in the process," a senior DARPG
official said.
He said the filing of Aadhaar has not been made mandatory and is an optional field in an application form available online for lodging grievances.
Aadhaar is a 12-digit unique identification number which acts as a proof of identity and address anywhere in the country.
Grievances are now also being monitored by Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself through the online Proactive Governance and Timely Implementation (PRAGATI) wherein grievances identified for systemic changes are discussed through video conferencing with the concerned Secretaries.
A mobile application was also launched in October last year which can be downloaded on a smart phone for lodging grievances.
Lakhs of public grievances are filed online every year. About three lakhs grievances were filed in 2014, 2.35 lakh in 2013 and 2.01 lakh in 2012, according to government data.
It sounds like basic chemistry 101. Chemicals, when combined, can be more dangerous than alone. Yet, according to a new report from the Center for Biological Diversity (CDB), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has failed to properly test chemical mixtures in pesticides for years, putting all of us at risk.
The report, entitled Toxic Concoctions, analyzed patent applications for pesticide products. Researchers found that numerous approved chemicals have not been tested for how they interact when in chemical cocktails – they've only been examined individually. And that's a huge problem.
“It's alarming to see just how common it's been for the EPA to ignore how these chemical mixtures might endanger the health of our environment,” said Nathan Donley, a scientist with the CBD and author of the report, in a press statement. “It's pretty clear that chemical companies knew about these potential dangers, but the EPA never bothered to demand this information from them or dig a little deeper to find it for themselves.”
The key problem is that when two or more chemicals interact, this interaction can enhance their toxic effects, raising the level of exposure above safe levels. Because these synergies were not properly tested, it is possible that countless farmers, laborers and perhaps even consumers have been exposed to unsafe, dangerous chemicals.
So, how did this happen? It is part of a larger problem with governance in the agricultural sector -- which, due to consolidation, is largely under the control of just a few large food and chemical corporations. In particular, two big agricultural seed and chemical fertilizer/pesticide companies Monsanto and Syngenta, hold an enormous amount of power. These companies spend millions lobbying to push forward laws that both promote the use of chemical-intensive agriculture, and restrict the power of oversight agencies like the EPA to regulate them. In fact, they're trying to do this right now with a multimillion-dollar effort to shape Congress's GMO-labeling bill in their favor.
The impacts are potentially huge. Just a few weeks ago, we reported on the growing evidence that there is a massive global die-off of various insects, with evidence pointing to a strong connection to chemicals being one of the causes. Cancer rates are on the rise in developing countries where pesticide and herbicide use is growing.
The scary part is that the true impact of chemicals in our environment is not something that can be easily determined. Cancer can take years to emerge, and the complex biological relationships we find in ecosystems around the world can make connecting a single chemical concoction to a biological impact nearly impossible. It is under this veil that the chemical industry, focused on short-term profits at the cost of nature, has lobbied against oversight of these products and created a potential global crisis.
“The EPA has turned a blind eye for far too long to the reality that pesticide blends can have dangerous synergistic effects,” Donley said. “Now that we know about all the data that are out there, the EPA must take action to ensure that wildlife and the environment are protected from these chemical cocktails.”
It is time to push, and empower, the EPA to fully test all chemicals, and take a new approach to deciding what chemicals to allow into our environment – only those that can be proven, without any doubt, to not have any detrimental environmental impact. It is time to stop playing games with our environment, and our health.
Image credit: Zeynel Cebeci via Wikimedia Commons
On this day in 1994, white supremacist Byron De La Beckwith is convicted in the murder of African-American civil rights leader Medgar Evers, over 30 years after the crime occurred. Evers was gunned down in the driveway of his Jackson, Mississippi, home on June 12, 1963, while his wife, Myrlie, and the couple's three small children were inside.
Medgar Wiley Evers was born July 2, 1925, near Decatur, Mississippi, and served in the U.S. Army during World War II. After fighting for his country, he returned home to experience discrimination in the racially divided South, with its separate public facilities and services for blacks and whites. Evers graduated from Alcorn College in 1952 and began organizing local chapters of the NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Colored People). In 1954, after being rejected for admission to then-segregated University of Mississippi Law School, he became part of an NAACP campaign to desegregate the school. Later that year, Evers was named the NAACP's first field secretary in Mississippi. He moved with his family to Jackson and worked to dismantle segregation, leading peaceful rallies, economic boycotts and voter registration drives around the state. In 1962, he helped James Meredith become the first African American to attend the University of Mississippi, a watershed event in the civil rights movement. As a result of his work, Evers received numerous threats and several attempts were made on his life before he was murdered in 1963 at the age of 37.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Beckwith, a fertilizer salesman and Ku Klux Klan member widely believed to be the killer, was prosecuted for murder in 1964. However, two all-white (and all-male) juries deadlocked and refused to convict him. A second trial held in the same year resulted in a hung jury. The matter was dropped when it appeared that a conviction would be impossible. Myrlie Evers, who later became the first woman to chair the NAACP, refused to give up, pressing authorities to re-open the case. In 1989, documents came to light showing that jurors in the case were illegally screened.
Prosecutor Bobby DeLaughter worked with Myrlie Evers to force another prosecution of Beckwith. After four years of legal maneuvering, they were finally successful. At the third trial they produced a riflescope from the murder weapon with Beckwith's fingerprints, as well as new witnesses who testified that Beckwith had bragged about committing the crime. Justice was finally achieved when Beckwith was convicted and given a life sentence by a racially diverse jury in 1994. He died in prison in 2001 at the age of 80.
The Los Angeles Lakers have a plan in place to free up enough cap room to potentially sign two max-level free agents next summer, but that plan could be in jeopardy thanks to allegations of tampering from the Indiana Pacers.
The Pacers are suggesting that the Lakers made contact with forward Paul George, who ultimately was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder for a paltry return. Many teams around the league believe that George will sign with the Lakers in the summer of 2018, and as a result, they were unwilling to offer up much in a trade for him.
According to a recent report by Adrian Wojnarowski and Ramona Shelburne of ESPN, the NBA's investigation into the tampering charges is centered around Magic Johnson, who is the Lakers President of Basketball Operations. Should Johnson and the Lakers be found guilty, the penalties could be stiff:
If the league office's probe can prove the Lakers were guilty of tampering with George while under contract with Indiana, Los Angeles can be punished in several ways, including a loss of draft picks, financial fines up to $5 million, future restrictions on acquiring George and possible suspensions of offending officials
Of course, finding conclusive evidence that the Lakers are guilty of tampering won't be easy, but the league is doing a full investigation. The Lakers haven't made their plans to chase after top free agents next summer a secret, and George will be one of the best players on the market, so it doesn't take any back-channel dealing for the star swingman to know that the door to Los Angeles will be open for him.
Should the league find them guilty and decide to go with a stronger punishment than just fines it could be devastating for Los Angeles.
Without the ability to sign George, they could have a more difficult time convincing other free agents to sign as well, and future picks are major assets that the team badly needs. For now, all the team can do is wait for the league's findings to be released.
Lefty journalist Jeremy Scahill found a graphic way to describe the MSM's support for the cruise missile attack that President Trump ordered this past week.
Appearing on CNN's Reliable Sources today, The Intercept‘s Scahill said, “Fareed Zakaria: if that guy could have sex with this cruise missile attack, I think he would do it.”
Along similar lines, Scahill said that MSNBC's Brian Williams seemed to be “in true love with the cruise missile strike.”
Scahill also called for CNN to yank all retired military generals and colonels off the air, later saying that if retired military members are allowed on the air, their affiliations with private consulting groups, etc. should be disclosed.
Note: Scahill was alluding to Zakaria's statement, the morning after the attack, that Donald Trump “became President of the United States last night.” Referring to the cruise missiles, Brian Williams had spoken of “the beauty of our weapons: they are beautiful pictures.”
China has begun building its second aircraft carrier and will eventually build four of them, a provincial Party leader said, according to local media.
Hong Kong-based Ta Kung Pao newspaper quoted Wang Min, the Party chief of Northeast China's Liaoning province as saying that construction of China's second carrier had begun in the port city of Dalian in Liaoning province. Wang said that the carrier would be completed in six years' time, and that China ultimately intended to build four aircraft carriers.
If true, this would be China's first indigenously built aircraft carrier. China's first carrier, the Liaoning, is a Ukraine carrier that was refitted at a shipyard in Dalian. The PLA Navy (PLAN) commissioned the Liaoning in late 2012, and it recently underwent test trials in the South China Sea.
Ta Kung Pao later took down the report, although not before it was picked up by numerous international media outlets and, on Sunday, the official Global Times ran an article on Wang's comments. The Global Times said that China's Defense Ministry had not responded to inquiries about the Hong Kong news reports. However, the fact that the Global Times carried the story lent credibility to the Ta Kung Pao report.
It has long been assumed that China was interested in building additional aircraft carriers. In August a picture posted to Chinese military forums appeared to show a carrier under construction in southern China. However, some foreign analysts later speculated that the picture was actually of an amphibious assault ship capable of carrying hovercraft and helicopters.
When asked about the photos in August, Yang Yujun, a defense ministry spokesperson, would only say that the Liaoning would not be China's only aircraft carrier. In late November, South China Morning Post, citing a military source, reported that China planned to build up to four medium size carriers by 2020. Then, in December of last year, Australia's The Age cited Chinese website qianzhan.com in reporting that China planned to build a nuclear-powered 110,000 ton super carrier by 2020 and two smaller carriers by 2015. That report seemed overly ambitious.
Chinese military analysts told the Global Times that the second carrier was likely to be similar to the Liaoning in terms of tonnage, and would also feature a ski-jump take-off ramp.
Wang was also quoted as saying that the shipyard in Dalian was building two 052D missile destroyers. Notably, during its recent training exercises in the South China Sea, the Liaoning was escorted by two Type 051C or Luzhou class destroyers, as well as two missile frigates.
Opposition-controlled parts of the northern Syrian city of Aleppo came under total siege on Sunday, after government forces seized the only road into the rebel-held area.
"The eastern neighborhoods are now completely besieged," Rami Abdel Rahman, head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights told the Agence France-Presse (AFP) news agency on Sunday.
He said regime forces, along with fighters from Lebanon's Hezbollah group, descended on the strategic Castello Road route and completely cut it.
Castello Road is the only highway leading into and out of rebel-held parts of Aleppo. Analysts say its capture has left hundreds of thousands of people trapped, raising fears of a humanitarian crisis.
The road had been used by rebels, but also by shopkeepers bringing in produce for residents and by villagers visiting relatives in the city.
AFP reported that its capture was confirmed by a rebel fighter from the Aleppo Revolutionaries group, who said: "The army has reached the road and even arrested a group of civilians who were walking there."
Weekend airstrikes targeted Aleppo's rebel held al-Maadi district
Violence sustained
An Aleppo-based activist told The Associated Press (AP) news agency that the city is being subjected to intense shelling and airstrikes.
Another activist Bahaa al-Halaby told the AP that as of Sunday, food and medical supplies will not be able to reach rebel-held parts of the city and seriously wounded people could not be evacuated for medical treatment.
Although Aleppo has not been declared as besieged by the United Nations, residents have complained of food shortages and skyrocketing prices. Shopkeepers have begun rationing their products and there have been long queues outside bakeries.
Victory for regime
The capture of Castello Road marks the biggest success for the government in Aleppo since rebels seized parts of the northern city in the summer of 2012. The government controls the west, while the east is under rebel command.
On Saturday, at least 28 civilians including children were killed in the bombardment of the eastern districts, according to the Observatory, while another four people died in rebel rocket fire on the government-controlled neighborhoods, it said.
Once Syria's commercial powerhouse, Aleppo has seen intense fighting in recent months, with Syrian troops and their allies advancing with the aid of Russian airstrikes.
Earlier this year the government launched a wide offensive that captured much of the city's northern outskirts. Last month,the self-proclaimed "Islamic State" (IS) group withdrew from the area after a month-long siege of rebel-held areas.
Watch video 02:57 Share #AleppoIsBurning: Can a Twitter trend help end the war? Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/1ItGW #FollowTheHashtag: #AleppoIsBurning
mm/jlw (AFP, AP, Reuters)
LottoNL-Jumbo today released their roster for the Tour of California May 10-17, with Robert Gesink returning to the race for the first time since he won the overall in 2012. Related Articles Gesink seals overall victory in Tour of California
Gesink returns to racing after heart surgery
Gesink targets Tour de France after restarting season at Flèche Wallonne
Bachochin Klein reflects on Tour of California's 10-year success
California GC Contenders aiming for Big Bear, Mt. Baldy
"I think the Tour of California is a beautiful race," Gesink said in the team announcement. "I've been successful here in the past and after riding the Tour de Romandie this is a logical step for me. I hope to be able to compete for top results even more than in Switzerland, because ultimately that's what it's all about. With Moreno Hofland's win in Yorkshire, the team's year has taken off. I want to continue that success in America."
Gesink was the race's best young rider in 2007 and also in 2008, when he won the stage from Modesto to San Jose. He took a second stage win in 2012, winning atop Mt. Baldy with a devastating attack in the final 4.5km that also secured the overall lead. The race returns to Mt. Baldy this year for a summit finish during stage 7.
Aside from Gesink's general classification hopes, the team will bring Belgian sprinter Tom Van Asbroeck to hunt stage wins. Dennis Van Winden, who previously rode for the Rabobank and Belkin incarnations of the team before moving to the Continental level with Synergy Baku earlier this year, will return to LottoNL-Jumbo in time for the California race. Although Synergy Baku stated that they released Van Winden to sign with the WorldTour team and race at the Giro d'Italia, LottoNL-Jumbo confirmed that he will instead be on the Tour of California roster.
"I'm very happy to return to the highest level," Van Winden said of his return to LottoNL-Jumbo. "I'm proud to be a part of the family again. I want to thank Baku for the opportunity they have given me. It is a project I believe in and I'll keep following them for sure. I'm looking forward to assisting Robert [Gesink] and Tom [Van Asbroeck] as much as I can in the Tour of California."
Team director Erik Dekker said Van Winden will play a key role in the team's stage-hunting opportunities.
"Dennis is a strong lead-out man," Dekker said. "Our sprinters will certainly benefit from his presence. In California, we'll start working on the Van Winden-Van Asbroeck train because in the sprints we want to take on Cavendish."
Other riders making the trip to California for the Dutch squad include Laurens ten Dam, Jos van Emden, Mike Teunissen, Sep Vanmarcke and Maarten Wynants.
The team said Gesink will remain in the US after the race to train at altitude.
"I want to prepare myself for the Tour de Suisse and the Tour de France," Gesink said. "I like being in the States as it offers me the perfect combination of training and fun."
LottoNL-Jumbo for Tour of California: Tom van Asbroeck, Laurens ten Dam, Jos van Emden, Robert Gesink, Mike Teunissen, Sep Vanmarcke, Dennis Van Winden & Maarten Wynants.
Image caption The booby-trap bomb exploded in a residential area
A 25-year-old police officer has been killed after a bomb exploded under his car in Omagh, County Tyrone.
The device exploded under the vehicle outside his home in Highfield Close, just before 1600 BST on Saturday.
Neighbours rushed to help him and some used fire extinguishers to put out the flames from the explosion. He died at the scene.
He was recently qualified and is the second policeman to be killed since the PSNI was formed out of the RUC in 2001.
Since 2007, dissident republicans have planted dozens of booby-trap bombs under the private cars of police officers.
The bombs have failed to detonate, but two policemen lost their legs in attacks in May 2008 and January 2010.
On Saturday morning about 2,000 people, who were taking part in the Omagh half marathon, passed the nearby entrance to the estate just hours before the blast.
Politicians and party leaders from across Northern Ireland and the Republic have condemned the attack. As of yet there has been no claim of responsibility for his murder.
Northern Ireland's First Minister, Peter Robinson, said he shared the outrage of the country.
Analysis Dissident republicans are trying to de-stabilise Northern Ireland at a time when it has rarely been more stable. Power-sharing is working. The Stormont Assembly has just completed it first full four-year term for 30 years. Relations between Britain and Ireland have never been better. This summer, the Queen will make an historic first visit to Dublin, demonstrating how relations on these islands have normalised. Violent republican groups like the Real IRA and Oglaigh na hEireann are fighting against normality.
"It was a young man who was bravely entering the police service, recognising that he was putting his life on the line.
"I have absolutely no doubt the overwhelming number of people in NI want to move on. It's only a few Neanderthals who want to go back.
"They will not drag us back to the past."
Prime Minister, David Cameron, said the officer had dedicated himself to serving the entire community of Northern Ireland.
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and his friends. This is a terrible tragedy for all who knew him and served with him, and for a town that had already suffered so much," he said.
"Those who carried out this wicked and cowardly crime will never succeed in dragging Northern Ireland back to a dark and bloody past. Their actions are rejected by the overwhelming majority of people right from all parts of the community.
"I know that the Chief Constable of the PSNI will not rest until the perpetrators have been brought to justice.
Secretary of State, Owen Paterson, said it had been "an evil act, carried out by enemies of the whole community".
"First and foremost my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of the young PSNI officer who was murdered.
"The people in all parts of Ireland and beyond want peace and those who carried out this atrocity are in the grip of an obscene delusion if they think that by murder they can defy their will".
Dissidents
Shadow Northern Ireland Secretary, Shaun Woodward, described it as "an evil and cowardly attack".
"These crimes are targeted on those who protect the community," he said.
"We all deeply mourn the brave young man whose life was taken by this savage crime.
"We all have a duty to stop those behind it from succeeding."
Sinn Fein president, Gerry Adams, said his party was determined that those responsible would not set back the progress of the peace and political process.
Ulster Unionist leader Tom Elliott said those behind the murder had one aim - to take Northern Ireland back to the dark days of the past.
"The deliberate targeting of a new recruit to the police by these criminals is utterly reprehensible," he said.
Prayers
SDLP leader Margaret Ritchie said the policeman's killers were enemies of Ireland.
"This has not only stunned the people of Omagh, it has stunned the entire country," she said.
"This is not what the people want. They cannot be allowed to continue their campaign."
Prayers are being said at vigil masses throughout Omagh on Saturday night for the policeman.
In March 2009, a police officer was shot dead as he answered a distress call in Craigavon, County Armagh.
Dissident republican group, the Continuity IRA, claimed responsibility for the attack. Constable Stephen Carroll, 48, was married and from Banbridge.
He was murdered two days after the Real IRA shot dead two soldiers outside Massereene Barracks in Antrim.
The Continuity IRA is one of a number of dissident republican paramilitary groups opposed to the peace process. They have carried out bomb and gun attacks on civilians and the security forces.
There is believed to be cross-over and co-operation between the Continuity IRA and the larger Real IRA, which bombed Omagh in 1998.
The car bomb killed 29 people, including a woman pregnant with twins, and injured hundreds more.
Think your cloud data is protected by local laws and safe from the prying eyes of foreign entities? Think again, especially if you're a customer of a U.S. cloud service provider.
Read these Experts refute Verizon's claim that NSA can't grab non-U.S. data What Verizon says and does appears to be in conflict, according to privacy specialists, legal experts, and academics, who argue the U.S. government can demand foreign data held by American telecom and technology companies. Read More
New York-based U.S. Magistrate Judge James Francis last week ruled that local search warrants must include customer data stored in servers located outside the U.S., referring to a case involving a search warrant issued to Microsoft for a customer's e-mail data stored in Dublin, Ireland. The data center houses European citizen data.
Francis said the likes of Microsoft, Google, and other online service providers should hand over such data because, if U.S. law agencies were to coordinate efforts with foreign governments to secure such information, the "burden on the [U.S.] government would be substantial" and U.S. law enforcement efforts would be "seriously impeded".
Microsoft has complied with the search warrant involving data stored locally but filed a motion to quash request for overseas data. It said: "A U.S. prosecutor cannot obtain a U.S. warrant to search someone's home located in another country, just as another country's prosecutor cannot obtain a court order in her home country to conduct a search in the United States. We think the same rules should apply in the online world, but the [U.S.] government disagrees."
The ruling confirms previous statements that U.S. authorities can legally access data housed outside the country and questions the assurance given by U.S. tech vendors, such as Verizon , that they would not subject their customer's data to foreign scrutiny.
In a blog posted in February, Verizon's general counsel Randal Milch said: "The U.S. government cannot compel us to produce our customers' data stored in data centers outside the U.S. and, if it attempts to do so, we would challenge that attempt in court."
While it remains to be seen if Francis' ruling will stand following Microsoft's appeal, it poses very serious questions about cloud data sovereignty and puts significant doubt on pledges by cloud vendors, specifically U.S. players, that customer data is indeed secured.
Read this Cloud security still the missing link in M2M With cloud the main enabler of machine-to-machine communications, questions about data security that remain unaddressed will continue to hinder wider deployment of Internet of Things. Read More
It also further suggests the U.S. government has little regard for foreign citizens following revelations about its cyberspying activities on other nations , and indicates a certain level of arrogance that its laws should override all others.
As ZDNet reader "P K Pal" said: "The U.S. courts are going overboard with its laws which basically challenges international laws and its implementation. U.S. domestic laws have absolutely no jurisdiction outside U.S. and its territories. They are not international law enforcers of local U.S. laws. Period. Who gave them this right?"
If the U.S. succeeds in arm-wrestling its cloud companies into giving up access to offshore cloud data, what's to stop other governments from doing likewise?
Left unchallenged, the U.S. government's arrogance will result in serious repercussions for the entire cloud ecosystem and further exacerbates business concerns about cloud data security .
Sedition charge against Amnesty justified: Justice Hegde
India
oi-Vicky
Bengaluru, Aug 19: The sedition charge against NGO Amnesty International for allowing people to raise anti-India slogans at an event it had organised last week is completely justified, says former Supreme Court judge Santhosh Hegde.
Speaking to OneIndia, Justice Hegde said, "Amnesty International cannot escape responsibility for the slogans by saying none of its employees shouted them".
He said the sedition charge in the Amnesty case met the test the Supreme Court had laid down -- that the charge can be made out only if the sloganeering leads to violence. "In this case, there were widespread protests and violence after the slogans were raised, and this, according to me, falls under the purview of what the Supreme Court has said on the sedition law".
Justified
Justice Hegde also pointed to the Kanhaiya Kumar incident at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi. "Do you recollect the 'Bharat ki barbadi' slogans? Are these not matters pertaining to the integrity of the nation? Are we supposed to keep quiet? If we do not nip it in the bud, one can only wonder where it will all end."
[ABVP hunts for a 'Kanhaiya' in Bengaluru, police say arrests in sedition case only after probe]
On Amnesty International's responsibility, Justice Hegde said, "They arranged the programme, called the speakers and asked them to speak. They provided the platform.
They are abettors to the sloganeering and they cannot run away from that. If you raise such slogans, it amounts to sedition".
Justice Hegde went on to say, "What is the credibility of Amnesty International? What did they do when soldiers were killed? What did they do when terrorist activities were on the rise? Did they bother to call for such a meeting? What took place in Bengaluru under Amnesty's auspices is a clear case of sedition."
Oneindia News
6to4 is an Internet transition mechanism for migrating from Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) to version 6 (IPv6), a system that allows IPv6 packets to be transmitted over an IPv4 network (generally the IPv4 Internet) without the need to configure explicit tunnels. Special relay servers are also in place that allow 6to4 networks to communicate with native IPv6 networks.[1]
6to4 is especially relevant during the initial phases of deployment to full, native IPv6 connectivity, since IPv6 is not required on nodes between the host and the destination. However, it is intended only as a transition mechanism and is not meant to be used permanently.
6to4 may be used by an individual host, or by a local IPv6 network. When used by a host, it must have a global IPv4 address connected, and the host is responsible for encapsulation of outgoing IPv6 packets and decapsulation of incoming 6to4 packets. If the host is configured to forward packets for other clients, often a local network, it is then a router.
Most IPv6 networks use autoconfiguration, which requires the last 64 bits of the address for the host. The first 64 bits are the IPv6 prefix. The first 16 bits of the prefix are always 2002:, the next 32 bits are the IPv4 address, and the last 16 bits of the prefix are available for addressing multiple IPv6 subnets behind the same 6to4 router. Since the IPv6 hosts using autoconfiguration already have determined the unique 64 bit host portion of their address, they must simply wait for a Router Advertisement indicating the first 64 bits of prefix to have a complete IPv6 address. A 6to4 router will know to send an encapsulated packet directly over IPv4 if the first 16 bits are 2002, using the next 32 as the destination, or otherwise send the packet to a well-known relay server, which has access to native IPv6.
6to4 does not facilitate interoperation between IPv4-only hosts and IPv6-only hosts. 6to4 is simply a transparent mechanism used as a transport layer between IPv6 nodes.
Due to the high levels of misconfigured hosts and poor performance observed, an advisory about how 6to4 should be deployed was published in August 2011.[2] Due to unsolvable operational problems using the 6to4 anycast prefix, that part of the standard was deprecated in 2015.[3]
How 6to4 works [ edit ]
6to4
6to4 performs three functions:
Assigns a block of IPv6 address space to any host or network that has a global IPv4 address.
Encapsulates IPv6 packets inside IPv4 packets for transmission over an IPv4 network using 6in4.
Routes traffic between 6to4 and "native" IPv6 networks.
Address block allocation [ edit ]
6to4 address
For any 32-bit global IPv4 address that is assigned to a host, a 48-bit 6to4 IPv6 prefix can be constructed for use by that host (and if applicable the network behind it) by appending the IPv4 address to 2002::/16.
For example, the global IPv4 address 192.0.2.4 has the corresponding 6to4 prefix 2002:c000:0204::/48. This gives a prefix length of 48 bits, which leaves room for a 16-bit subnet field and 64 bit host addresses within the subnets.
Any IPv6 address that begins with the 2002::/16 prefix (in other words, any address with the first two octets of 2002 hexadecimal) is known as a 6to4 address, as opposed to a native IPv6 address which does not systematically use transition technologies.
Note that using a reserved IPv4 address, such as those provided by RFC 1918, is undefined, since these networks are disallowed from being routed on the public Internet. For example, using 192.168.1.1 as the router's WAN address would be invalid since a return packet would not be able to determine the destination IPv4 address of the actual sender.
Encapsulation and transmission [ edit ]
6to4 embeds an IPv6 packet in the payload portion of an IPv4 packet with protocol type 41. To send an IPv6 packet over an IPv4 network to a 6to4 destination address, an IPv4 header with protocol type 41 is prepended to the IPv6 packet. The IPv4 destination address for the prepended packet header is derived from the IPv6 destination address of the inner packet (which is in the format of a 6to4 address), by extracting the 32 bits immediately following the IPv6 destination address's 2002::/16 prefix. The IPv4 source address in the prepended packet header is the IPv4 address of the host or router which is sending the packet over IPv4. The resulting IPv4 packet is then routed to its IPv4 destination address just like any other IPv4 packet.
Routing between 6to4 and native IPv6 [ edit ]
To allow hosts and networks using 6to4 addresses to exchange traffic with hosts using "native" IPv6 addresses, "relay routers" have been established. A relay router connects to an IPv4 network and an IPv6 network. 6to4 packets arriving on an IPv4 interface will have their IPv6 payloads routed to the IPv6 network, while packets arriving on the IPv6 interface with a destination address prefix of 2002::/16 will be encapsulated and forwarded over the IPv4 network.
There is a difference between a "relay router" and a "border router" (also known as a "6to4 border router"). A 6to4 border router is an IPv6 router supporting a 6to4 pseudo-interface. It is normally the border router between an IPv6 site and a wide-area IPv4 network, where the IPv6 site uses 2002::/16 co-related to the IPv4 address used later on. On the other hand, a "relay router" is a 6to4 router configured to support transit routing between 6to4 addresses and pure native IPv6 addresses.
To allow a 6to4 host to communicate with the native IPv6 Internet, it must have its IPv6 default gateway set to a 6to4 address which contains the IPv4 address of a 6to4 relay router. To avoid the need for users to set this up manually, the anycast address 192.88.99.1 used to be allocated.[4] It could be assigned to any number of 6to4 relay routers, so that IPv4 routing would take care of routing the encapsulated IPv6 packets to the one closest-by for forwarding onto IPv6 Internet. Due to unsolvable operational problems, this use has been deprecated.[2][3]
Packets from the IPv6 Internet to 6to4 systems must be sent to a 6to4 relay router by normal IPv6 routing methods. The specification states that such relay routers must only advertise 2002::/16 and not subdivisions of it to prevent IPv4 routes polluting the routing tables of IPv6 routers. From here they can then be sent over the IPv4 Internet to the destination.
For a 6to4 host to have fast and reliable connectivity with a host natively using the IPv6 Internet, both the 6to4 host and the native IPv6 host must have a route to a fast, reliable and correctly configured relay server. The 6to4 host's ISP can ensure that outgoing packets go to such a relay, but they have no control over the relay used for the responses from the native IPv6 host. A variant called IPv6 rapid deployment ("6rd") uses the same basic principles as 6to4 but uses a relay operated by the 6rd user's ISP for traffic in both directions. To achieve this an address block allocated by the user's ISP is used instead of 2002::/16.
Reverse DNS delegation [ edit ]
When a site using 6to4 has a fixed global IPv4 address, its 6to4 IPv6 prefix is also fixed. It is then possible to request reverse DNS delegation for an individual 6to4 48-bits prefix inside the 2.0.0.2.ip6.arpa DNS zone from the Number Resource Organization at 6to4.nro.net. The process is entirely automatic.
Security considerations [ edit ]
According to RFC 3964, 6to4 routers and relays should ensure that:
either or both the source and destination addresses of any encapsulated packet is within the 6to4 IPv6 prefix 2002:: / 16 ,
, if the source IPv6 address is a 6to4 IPv6 address, its corresponding 6to4 router IPv4 address matches the IPv4 source address in the IPv4 encapsulation header,
similarly, if the destination IPv6 address is a 6to4 IPv6 address, its corresponding 6to4 router IPv4 address matches the IPv4 destination address in the IPv4 encapsulation header,
any embedded 6to4 router IPv4 address is global unicast.
6to4 relays [ edit ]
Websites and lists [ edit ]
2008-01-12,19:41:46 archive of public 6to4 relay routers found on earlier http://www.kfu.com/~nsayer/6to4/
2012-09-15,13:25:21 archive of time-stamped tables of autonomous systems announcing 6to4 anycast prefixes found on earlier http://bgpmon.net/6to4.php
Other hosts [ edit ]
swi6netCE1.switch.ch @ 2001:620:0:c000::1
@ Comcast operates 6to4 relays as part of their IPv6 trials.[5] The 6to4 relays were turned up on August 17, 2010. These 6to4 relays are available via the standard 6to4 anycast IP address which is 192.88.99.1 .[4] Devices attempting to use 6to4 within the Comcast network should automatically discover and utilize these 6to4 relays, without end user intervention or configuration.
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
B. Carpenter & K. Moore. Connection of IPv6 Domains via IPv4 Clouds . RFC 3056, February 2001.
. RFC 3056, February 2001. R. Gilligan & E. Nordmark. Transition Mechanisms for IPv6 Hosts and Routers . RFC 2893, August 2000.
. RFC 2893, August 2000. P. Savola & C. Patel. Security Considerations for 6to4 . RFC 3964, December 2004.
. RFC 3964, December 2004. B. Carpenter. Advisory Guidelines for 6to4 Deployment . RFC 6343, August 2011.
. RFC 6343, August 2011. O. Troan, B. Carpenter, Ed. Deprecating the Anycast Prefix for 6to4 Relay Routers. RFC 7526, May 2015.
Dr Derek Yach has done more than any man alive to eradicate smoking. A former professor of global health at Yale, he developed the World Health Organisation's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, now in effect in almost 180 countries. He has relentlessly drawn attention to the slippery tactics of the tobacco industry, which promotes its products while ostensibly lending its support to anti-smoking campaigns.
But his article in today's Spectator Health breaks ranks with former colleagues in the WHO, which disapproves of e-cigarettes and other vaping products. Their ‘intransigence' threatens the lives of millions, he argues. As matters stand, a billion people will die from smoking-related diseases by 2100. If that happens, the WHO will bear some of the responsibility.
But Dr Yach goes further. His article accuses the WHO of allowing anti-vaping lobbyists to twist its arm. Here's the paragraph that will have anti-vapers hyperventilating this morning (my emphasis in bold):
Why are we in this position? One reason is that governments have become addicted to tobacco excise tax and may fear that, as e-cigs take off, they will lose a valuable source of revenue. Many leading NGOs and academics exert strong influence at WHO, within governments, in the media and among the general public. In the past, they helped bring tobacco control out of the shadows and into the mainstream of health policy. Now, alas, their intransigence threatens more profound progress.
Full disclosure: Dr Yach is executive director of the Vitality Institute for Health Promotion, and Vitality are the Spectator's partners in producing today's Spectator Health supplement. None of us has any commercial interest in promoting e-cigarettes; indeed, the article demands far greater transparency from e-cig maufacturers. In more than 30 years of doing battle with tobacco companies, Dr Yach – who advises the Clinton Global Initiative and the World Economic Forum – has learned to distrust assurances from every producer of nicotine products.
His support for electronic cigarettes and vaping products rests on what he regards as the stark truth: that they help people quit smoking more effectively than other remedies. It is therefore not just unfortunate but scary that the World Health Organisation persists in treating them as if they were almost as dangerous as cigarettes.
Many medical professionals endorse this view – that vaping hooks young people on nicotine and create new addicts. Dr Yach's response? Prove it. Because, in his opinion, they haven't:
Unsupported statements are accepted as truth by policymakers and are used as the basis for stringent regulation of e-cigs in many jurisdictions.
Derek Yach is not alone in his view. He quotes the Royal College of Physicians: ‘Switching completely from tobacco to e-cigarettes achieves much the same in health terms as does quit smoking and all nicotine use completely. Furthermore… risks associated with passive exposure to e-cigarette vapour are far less than those associated with passive exposure to tobacco smoke.'
Today's article raises troubling questions. One immediately springs to mind. What, precisely, is the relationship between Big Pharma and regulatory bodies that stubbornly refuse to deploy e-cigarettes as a devastatingly effective anti-smoking weapon?
Let's be clear about this: hundreds of millions of pounds have been invested in smoking-reduction products such as nicotine patches and chewing gum that help some people give up, but don't work in the long term for countless cigarette smokers whose habit is more stubborn. Nothing like the same investment is going in to producing e-cigs and vaping that meet the requirement of public health authorities that they should deliver a precisely measured dose of nicotine (a pointlessly high bar to set, one might argue).
Vested interests stand in the way, though the public is mostly unaware of just how entrenched and opaque these interests are. For example, do we know how much money flows by circuitous routes from tobacco companies to anti-vaping researchers?
It's a cruel irony that many impassioned anti-smoking advocates and Big Tobacco share the same agenda of restricting access to products that unshackle smokers from their deadly habit and which have, within the past decade, rendered obsolete the old template for fighting smoking. And I use the word ‘cruel' advisedly. By sticking with the status quo, we are – even if unintentionally – shrugging off the prospect of a billion early deaths this century. That's an awful lot of widows.
Changed tone gives Trudeau Liberals benefit of doubt on climate policy
OTTAWA - Canada appears poised to enter the Paris climate conference at the end of the month offering an emissions reduction target crafted by the previous federal government.
But unlike the Harper Conservatives, who were globally panned as climate laggards, Justin Trudeau's Liberals are being widely lauded, despite the absence of firm new policy measures.
Trudeau meets with Canada's provincial and territorial leaders Monday in Ottawa before heading to Europe for a week-long trip that culminates with the UN-sponsored COP21 in France. Indications so far suggest the Liberals will keep the same 2030 target for cutting Canadian greenhouse gas emissions by 30 per cent below 2005 levels that were announced by the Conservatives last May.
"I believe that the federal government has already made some statements around not altering targets that exist today," Darrell Pasloski, the Yukon premier who is assuming chairmanship of the Council of the Federation, told The Canadian Press in an interview.
Pasloski said each province and territory has unique needs and policies on the climate file and that's what needs to be discussed with Trudeau.
"Certainly, collectively as Canada's premiers, we've been asking or requesting a first ministers' meeting with the previous prime minister for a long time. So I think that that's a very good start to the relationship."
Monday's meeting may begin to take shape Friday when two premiers at the vanguard of provincial climate action speak to the Canada 2020 policy conference in Ottawa. Ontario's Kathleen Wynne and Quebec's Philippe Couillard will lead a discussion immediately following a keynote speech by new federal Environment Minister Catherine McKenna.
Highlighting individual provincial actions will be a key part of the first ministers meeting, Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall said in Regina.
Wall said the national emissions target set by the Conservatives last spring is "onerous" for Saskatchewan because of his province's dependence on coal-fired electricity generation, coupled with its energy and mining resource industries.
"We're just now actually evaluating the economic impact of even the Harper targets," said Wall, who is concerned that McKenna has referred to the Conservative goal as a "floor" for ambition.
He said he won't "pre-judge the federal government" and noted the Liberal platform included provincial autonomy in achieving national goals.
"We're going to start from the premise of goodwill towards that position and work with them on what they're thinking about on the targets," said Wall.
Part of provincial goodwill, for now, may come from Liberal campaign promises totalling billions of dollars in new green infrastructure funding that has yet to be divided up.
But the goodwill extends well beyond the first ministers, and even beyond Canada's borders, despite the absence of firm commitments.
According to the World Resources Institute, a Washington-based environmental NGO, some 167 countries representing 93 per cent of global emissions have submitted emissions targets to COP21.
Jennifer Morgan, the institute's climate negotiator, this week cited the actions of the U.S. and China, Brazil, Poland within the European Union, and Canada as determinants — for good or ill — of the Paris conference outcome.
"What's the new Canada going to do?" Morgan said in a call with international media. "That's I think an interesting story to watch when Trudeau arrives."
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson, speaking Thursday at the Canada 2020 conference, lauded the Liberals and contrasted them to the previous government which, he said, went to climate conferences as "a lobbyist for an industrial sector."
The Liberal approach, said Robertson, is "in the finest tradition of globalism. And it's about damn time."
Trudeau has promised another first ministers meeting within 90 days of Paris to hammer out a complete Canadian climate policy, which suggests policy ambiguity could continue for months.
In the meantime, Green party Leader Elizabeth May is counselling patience.
Canada has a constructive role to play, said May, and the outcome of the Paris conference remains very much a matter still to be negotiated from the draft text.
"If the weakest possible treaty comes through, it won't be worth the paper it's written on," May told a news conference.
"If the strongest possible treaty comes through, we'll be in good shape to substantially decarbonize the global economy by 2050. In this mix, Canada has a huge role to play, which is why I'm impatient with cynicism and dumping on the new government before they have a chance to actually put together a new package."
— With files from Joan Bryden and Jennifer Graham
— Follow @BCheadle on Twitter
Partly, it's because the strength of their colors reflect how fit they are. The patterns depend on proteins in the wings, and as caterpillars, these butterflies feed mostly on protein-poor food like cabbage and kale. Only the most successful individuals can eat enough to create bright colors later on in life. And these same males also offer females more enticing gifts.
A cabbage white's ejaculate is very different from a human's. Rather than a blob of white gunk, it's a complex solid package called a spermatophore, which consists of a hard outer shell, soft nutritious innards, and a ball of sperm at the base. The male deposits this into a pouch within the female reproductive tract called the bursa copulatrix. Once inside, the sperm swim off into a second pouch—the female will later use these to fertilize her eggs. Meanwhile, she starts to break down the outer shell of the spermatophore to absorb the nutrients within. So, the spermatophore acts as a nuptial gift—a way for the male to nourish the mother of his future offspring, long after he flies away.
As gifts go, the spermatophore is a substantial one. On average, each packet makes up an astonishing 13 percent of the male's body weight. “Scientists who work on ejaculates will often show up to meetings with props,” says Morehouse. “I've never had it in me to bring a five-gallon bucket along. But that's what we're talking about [if you scale it up to human size]. It's a water-cooler-sized ejaculate.”
These gargantuan gifts are so nutritious that females use the proteins within them to make roughly half the eggs that they eventually lay. That's why they pick the most colorful males—these are the ones that offer the largest spermatophores.
If males are ejaculating 13 percent of their body weight with each fling, that surely limits how often they can have sex in one lifetime. No one knows the exact number, but it's at least two or three. And if they're running low on resources, they start producing smaller spermatophores—and breaking down their flight muscles and internal organs. Elderly males actually digest their own innards to fund the construction of their giant ejaculates.
It is far easier, by contrast, to work out how often the females have sex. That's because females can't fully digest the outer layers of the spermatophores, even after they have sucked all the nutrients out. Each female carries around the legacy of all her past sexual encounters, as withered husks sitting inside her genitals. If you dissect her, you can just count them. That's how Morehouse knows that most females mate two or three times, but some manage up to six.
From a female's perspective, it's best to mate as often as possible, since each encounter brings a new packet of nutrients. But that's disastrous for a male, since the sperm of a subsequent suitor could displace his own. These contrasting incentives set up an intense battle of the sexes, in which females try to mate often, and males try to stop them. “It's this tug-of-war over who's in control of when the female can mate again,” says Morehouse. But it's not a physical contest. It's an invisible one, which plays out inside the female's body through the chemistry of the spermatophore.
Product Review: Magic Flight Launch Box WSJ Team
I got my own Magic Flight Launch Box thanks to all of the great reviews on reddit.com/r/trees . (Thanks Ents 🙂 ) When I first started using it I struggled to get a large hit, but after a few days and a lot of time bonding with the device I was getting great hits every time. I ended up using it in the bathroom, in the bedroom, and outside with absolutely no problem; let me warn you this box is NOT smell proof when used. Using it can stink up your room even if a window is open, so be careful if you are using it in a closed space where the smell of cannabis can be a threat to your wellbeing. Obviously, it does not smell as bad as a joint or blunt, but heated cannabis causes smell anywhere so use a sploof, and do not do it in a movie theater. BAD IDEA PERIOD. After 2 months of using the MFLB, I cannot imagine living without one. You really bond with your MFLB and it becomes a big part of your medicating diet. Definitely buy one its well worth the investment. I only have good things to say about it except for the fact that it is a bit pricey for the medicater on a budget.
Tips for Using your MFLB:
1. Use finely powdered herb. Search for our makeshift grinder tutorial to create a grinder perfect for this job.
2. Mix your bowl after every couple hits by either shaking your box or open it and mix it so that the herb burns evenly.
3.Wait 5-10 seconds before inhaling, and when you do inhale, inhale gently. This all depends on your preference and how much vapor you want, so the more you use your box the more you can assess how much vapor you want to inhale per hit.
4. Keep your Launch Box clean. For any device this is a cardinal rule, especially since this one use powdery herb that leaves resin.
5. Last but not the least KEEP YOUR BATTERIES CHARGED. It only comes with 2 and they tend to get weak after each bowl. So try to cycle them in and out of your charger when you are using them. Or get more batteries! The more the merrier!
Cheers,
The Weed Street Journal Team
Related Posts via Categories
It's the dream of every marketer: to create a product, a video, or an idea that “goes viral” and becomes instantly recognizable. Some claim the phenomenon is more art than science – but according to Wharton professor Jonah Berger, there are predictable steps you can take to increase the chances your product will catch fire.
In his new book Contagious: Why Things Catch On, Berger argues there are six common factors that can lead to virality - social currency (does it make you look good?), triggers (are you reminded of it often?), emotion (does it make you feel something?), publicness (are others seeing it?), practical value (is it useful?), and stories (is there a memorable narrative?). “There's not 100% certainty” that a given product or concept will go viral, says Berger. “It's like a batting average in baseball; no one hits a home run every time. But it's also not luck. By understanding the science of word of mouth, you improve your average.”
The smartest companies, he says, have baked these concepts into their initial product design. He cites Apple's decision to make their headphones a distinctive white – publicly branding the user as a trendsetter - or social networks like Facebook or LinkedIn, which “allow us to connect with others and give us stats that tell us how well we're doing compared to others, with regard to followers and friends. And in the case of LinkedIn, it says, ‘this many people have looked at your profile.' That makes us feel special and gives us social currency; we want to get [those numbers] higher."
Obviously, it's easier to imagine a funny commercial for soda, rather than cement, going viral. But Berger raises two caveats. First, “virality” is a useful frame, because it means that people are paying attention, but in most cases, you don't need to rack up 10 million views to succeed. “We all love viral, but most companies and organizations don't need that many [social network] shares,” he says. “They just want 10-20% more customers, to get each customer to tell just one additional friend. ‘Viral' is a fun and easy way to talk about these ideas, but I think particularly for small businesses and entrepreneurs, that's not necessarily what you should be shooting for. Rather, it's about building more word-of-mouth and the steps to help you get there.”
Second, Berger notes that even in unlikely industries, “your product may not naturally be contagious, but understanding why people talk and share can allow you to create a campaign” that generates excitement, a notable example being the Blend-Tec “Will It Blend?” videos, which succeeded in making blenders sexy.
The right message is crucial, says Berger. “I think the message is much more important than the messenger…there are many people who don't have 10,000 followers, but they have a lot of friends and their word of mouth influences what others do. It's about building a message that everyone can share, rather than finding special people and convincing them to talk about your product.”
Finally, Berger points out that discussions of “virality” and “word-of-mouth marketing” often center around social media. That's certainly important, and will become more so in the future. But for now, its influence is wildly overstated. “At the moment, 7% of word-of-mouth is online,” says Berger. “It's clear why marketers like shiny new toys and the next big thing, but most word-of-mouth is offline, face-to-face communication.”
What are your strategies for increasing virality – both online and off?
Dorie Clark is a marketing strategist who teaches at Duke University's Fuqua School of Business. She is the author of Reinventing You and Stand Out, and you can receive her free Stand Out Self-Assessment Workbook.
BHAGALPUR: Bihar, infamous for question paper leaks, reached a new low on Tuesday, when 94 students of the Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University (TMBU) could not write their last paper of the second semester postgraduate Hindi exam, as the question papers were not printed.
The vice chancellor has served a show cause notice on the controller of examination and the head of Hindi postgraduation department.
The second semester postgraduation exam schedule was announced in the second week of March. While exams of three papers had been conducted, it was the final paper which was held up Tuesday, as question papers could not be printed.
Ninetyfour students taking the examination had to return without writing the exam. The university is yet to announce the new examination date.
University sources, quoting the controller of examination, said the question papers were also not sent to him for initiating the printing process.
TMBU public relations officer (PRO) Ashok Thakur said the head of the department (HoD), Hindi, had blamed the goof up on the confusion created by introduction of the choice based credit system (CBCS).
“The CBCS was introduced to allow students flexibility to choose any subject (from science, arts or commerce streams) in the fourth paper. The Hindi HoD has claimed that printing of question papers could not be initiated as he was not aware which subjects the students opted for in the fourth paper,” Thakur added.
The TMBU has struggled to adhere to its examination schedule.
Earlier, shortage of answer books in the university had contributed to the delay in the degree part II examination by almost a year.
The PRO on Thursday said the degree part II examination would now commence from April 25. Initially unused answer books of previous years would be given to candidates to write their papers, he said.
Officials said answer books could not be printed as the former vice chancellor was restricted from taking a decision on financial matters during his last leg of tenure. The in-charge VC, who took over subsequently, also had limited powers.
About 3.5 lakh answer books are required by nearly 70,000 students who would take the degree part II examinations.
The visuals of mass cheating in the Bihar School Examination Board exams in 2015, followed by the intermediate toppers' scam a year later and the recent question paper leak of the Bihar Staff Selection Commission examination for appointment of clerical staff, have already sullied Bihar's image.
First Published: Apr 13, 2017 17:29 IST
Florida Governor Rick Scott (Photo: File)
TALLAHASSEE - Florida became the first state with a law that spells out that prosecutors, and not defendants, have the burden of proof in pretrial “stand your ground” hearings when Republican Gov. Rick Scott signed a bill Friday.
The measure was among 16 bills that Scott signed, including a bill that gives students and school employees a broader right to express their religious viewpoint in schools.
The “stand your ground” bill was fought by prosecutors who say it will make their job more difficult to convict people who commit acts of violence and claim self-defense.
The Florida Supreme Court ruled in 2015 that defendants have to prove in pretrial hearings that they were defending themselves in order to avoid prosecution on charges for a violent act.
That led Republicans to seek to shift that burden. They argued that it protects a defendant's constitutional right that presumes they are innocent until proven guilty. But opponents said it will embolden people to shoot to kill, and then claim self-defense knowing that the only witness against them can no longer testify.
Only four of the other 21 states with “stand your ground” laws mention burden of proof — Alabama, Colorado, Georgia and South Carolina — and all place it on defendants.
Many states have long invoked “the castle doctrine,” allowing people to use deadly force to defend themselves in their own homes.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-468-0233. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Florida changed that in 2005, so that even outside a home, a person has no duty to retreat and can “stand his or her ground” anywhere they are legally allowed to be. Other states followed suit, and “stand your ground” defenses became much more common in pre-trial immunity hearings and during trials.
The 2012 killing of unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman opened a debate about the limits of self-defense, and it hasn't let up since Zimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder after jurors received instructions on Florida's “stand your ground” law.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/2t7WTJr
5 Lede van die Fokofpolisiekar rugbyspan in 2004 A photo posted by Francois van Coke (@francoisvancoke) on Sep 9, 2014 at 10:36am PDT
Vakansie saam met @LalieWild & Ringo van Coke pic.twitter.com/hYkKQuVPY5 — Francois van Coke (@FrancoisVanCoke) April 21, 2014
Cape Town – We recently asked Afrikaans rocker Francois van Coke to spill some secrets about himself.And being the cool guy that he is, he was more than willing to give us the inside scoop on some seriously secret stuff that nobody knows about him.1) I am a big rugby supporter. WP, Stormers and the Boks.2) I have been married for almost three years to my favourite person in the world, Lauren.3) I grew up in Bellville. Now I'm back in Bellville.4) Last year, a friend's Dad gave me his 40 year record collection. I have quite a bit of vinyl now.5) I get up at 5.30 in the morning when I am not touring.
What is it about the survival genre that inspires such grim scenery? You've got DayZ with its zombies and decaying cities, The Forest with its mysterious caves full of dead bodies and cannibals, and Rust with its ramshackle player homes and gun-wielding bandits. These are games where the world around you is often just as dire as the task of staying alive.
The Long Dark is not one of those games. Developed by Canadian startup Hinterland, a team comprised of veterans from studios such as Relic, Ubisoft, and Volition, The Long Dark drops players into a gorgeous and highly stylized vision of the northern wilderness. Its striking art design blends a clean, minimalist look with vivid colors and exaggerated angles to create a setting that feels like a piece of hand-sketched concept art sprung to life. The Long Dark is, in a word, beautiful.
But there's a twist. What you soon realize is that this is one of the most brutal, unforgiving survival simulations to date. It doesn't just present you with a meter to gauge your hunger; it tells you the precise number of calories stored in your body, and how many of those calories you're currently burning per hour. You have to keep tabs on not only the outside air temperature, but also the windchill factor and the warmth bonuses for each piece of clothing. Forget to stack enough wood in the fire before you crawl into your bedroll and you could very well freeze to death in the middle of the night.
Indeed, death is constantly peering over your shoulder in The Long Dark. As a bush pilot who's crash-landed in the frozen Canadian wilderness, you're left wandering through deep snowbanks and dense forests as you search for anything to help you survive, whether it's a can of peaches you find in an abandoned logging camp or a pair of boots you've unceremoniously pilfered from an icy corpse.
In my first playthrough, I managed to find a ranger watch tower stocked with food and equipment. There was a fireplace, bottled water, and enough beef jerky and chocolate bars to last me for days. The only problem was, I was perilously low on firewood. With the sunset casting a yellow glow across the horizon, I could tell things were about to get real bad real soon.
So I set off in search of firewood, descending from the cabin's hilltop perch just as the sun began to set. After wandering around for long enough to see my character's breathing become more and more strained, I found enough wood to last me through the night. And just as I began to proceed back toward the cabin, a blizzard set in and visibility dropped to practically zero.
I could no longer see the cabin perched atop the hill, or even the hill for that matter. Just a fierce snowstorm and a tragic lack of any maps or compasses. I did my best to get my bearings, but to no avail. I wandered around for what felt like hours only to die cold, starving, and alone.
In my next playthrough, things went better. I survived the first night before setting out in search of supplies the next day. Feeling confident, I found myself running through the snow in an effort to soak up as much of the picturesque scenery as I could. And just as I crested a large snowbank, I spotted a lone backpack practically calling out to me from across the way. I dashed toward it only to discover that the drop down from the snowbank was more precipitous than I realized. With a nasty pop, I sprained my ankle and had no choice but to limp gingerly toward the bag of supplies.
I searched through the bag, but it was just food--no medical supplies. Without any bandages or painkillers to treat the injury, I painfully trudged off in search of more supplies. But as it turns out, I wasn't the only one canvassing the woods that afternoon. In the distance, a wolf spotted me limping along. He barely had to run with the condition I was in.
The Long Dark does not hold your hand. It's a harsh, demanding survival experience that punishes you for your carelessness and rewards you for studying every last hazard before you. And even with all the data it throws at you--hit tab to pull open the interface and you'll see all kinds of calories and kilograms and status bars--there's a certain elegance to it all. It leads to a situation where the most satisfying reward is simply being able to exist in this place for that much longer.
And that, I think, is what makes this game so alluring. The survival genre is a crowded place and it's getting more crowded by the day. But so far, The Long Dark seems to be one of the few games in this genre focused on capturing the solitary wonder of fighting to staying alive in the brutal wilderness. It's a game that relies on this idea that the natural world is a big, beautiful, dangerous place and we're a small and insignificant part of it. There are no enemy players waiting to loot your gear, no zombies roaming the woods. It's just you against the elements.
That being said, The Long Dark is a game that's still very much in its early stages. While Hinterland is working on a full story mode, as of right now The Long Dark exists only as a survival sandbox available to those who donated to the Kickstarter last year. That will change in September when The Long Dark makes its way onto Steam Early Access. It will release with the survival sandbox at first, followed by the story mode once the game hits completion.
You can find out more about The Long Dark on the game's official website.
Follow @CanoeLifestyle
Emilia Clarke has given up her favourite foods and adopted a tough exercise regimen to prepare for her role in the new Terminator movie.
The Games of Thrones actress will play Sarah Connor in Terminator: Genesis alongside the franchise's original star Arnold Schwarzenegger, who will be reprising his robot role.
Filming begins in New Orleans, Louisiana next month and Clarke has been given strict orders to get in shape.
She has been banned from consuming wheat, sugar, caffeine or diary products and has to train every day.
Clarke tells U.K. Instyle magazine, "I've been spending all day every day, in weapons training. I've been shooting guns, weightlifting, kickboxing and generally kicking a lot of a**. On top of that, I have not been allowed to eat anything that might taste good at all."
During the interview, she observes the food on display and adds, "Everything on these plates looks amazing but, heartbreakingly, I'm not allowed to eat any of it. Not one thing on this table. Except a cup of tea. One cup of tea. No sugar. No cream."
Bradley Wheal had an impressive outing for Scotland XI in August, claiming a match haul of seven wickets against MCC © Getty Images
Scotland have called up 19-year-old fast bowler Bradley Wheal for their upcoming tour to Hong Kong in January 2016. Scotland will play an Intercontinental Cup match, two ODIs as part of the World Cricket League Championship, and two Twenty20 internationals between January 21 and 31.
South Africa-born Wheal, whose mother is Scottish, took seven wickets in a match for a Scotland XI against MCC in August this year. He played his first season for Hampshire in 2015, taking eight wickets in four matches in Division One of the County Championship, including a four-for against Middlesex.
The squad does not include Hamish Gardiner and Gavin Main from the team that played the Intercontinental Cup and WCL Championship matches against the Netherlands in September. Main was unavailable for selection, after opting to play in New Zealand in early January and February. Ruaidhri Smith, the 21-year-old allrounder, cited unavailability for the tour due to exams in January. Both Main and Smith are available for World T20 selection, a release from Cricket Scotland said.
Matt Machan scored 0 and 3 in the Intercontinental Cup match against the Netherlands but enjoyed a strong county season with Sussex, finishing with 955 from 14 matches at an average of 39.79. Machan returns after missing the World T20 Qualifier earlier in the year.
Scotland's Intercontinental Cup match against Hong Kong will be played between January 21 and 24. The two ODIs will be played on January 26 and 28, while the T20 matches are scheduled for January 30 and 31.
Scotland are currently fourth on the WCL Championship table with two wins from four matches, and two no-results after their Netherlands fixtures were washed out. They are yet to register a win in the Intercontinental Cup after two games - they drew their opening match against Afghanistan and lost to the Netherlands by 44 runs - and are placed seventh on the points table.
Scotland squad: Preston Mommsen (Captain), Alasdair Evans, Bradley Wheal, Calum MacLeod, Con de Lange, George Munsey, Josh Davey, Kyle Coetzer, Mark Watt, Matt Machan, Matthew Cross, Michael Leask, Richie Berrington, Rob Taylor, Safyaan Sharif.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
With the 2016 presidential race in full swing, former WWE CEO and former Republican Connecticut senatorial candidate Linda McMahon, weighed in on the latest twist: Ted Cruz and John Kasich coordinating their strategies in an effort to deny Donald Trump the Republican nomination.
Continue Reading Below
“Well clearly politics makes strange bedfellows. I think we're seeing that for sure. Some say this is the last throw down for these guys, they've got to get together in order to stop Trump,” McMahon told the FOX Business Network's Maria Bartiromo.
On whether she is expecting a contested Republican convention, McMahon said, “I am. I think Donald is making the hardest push that he can, but with this collusion now, I call it collusion, with Cruz and Kasich we'll just have to see.”
McMahon then weighed in on the top issues for Connecticut voters leading into that state's primary.
“What's most important, and it remains and has been even when I ran in 2010 and 2012, is the economy and its jobs. It's the fact that even though the percentage of unemployment is better over the last couple of years there is still more people out of work and the economy in Connecticut is tough, the governor is getting ready to lay off 2,500 state employees, we have a $900 million deficit,” said McMahon.
Advertisement
Today, McMahon is focusing on a new business venture: Women's Leadership Live.
“It's to train women to be successful however they determine success, if they've left the job market and are coming back, if they're starting a company, if they're in mid-level management and aspire to go to the c-suite, it's our goal to help them to do that,” McMahon said.
She is also aiming to eliminate a common mistake many women make when aspiring to achieve leadership roles.
“I think that women don't support each other well enough. I found that when I was running. Women really don't support each other well enough, whether it's in a company, whether it's in a community, whatever it is, we need to get behind our women managers and leaders. But the women leaders need to step up also and be an example for that leadership,” said McMahon.
McMahon also reflected on the sudden death of former WWE wrestler Joan 'Chyna' Laurer.
“It's always a loss when you've had someone come up in the ranks like Joanie, she was kind of in the forefront of women's power position in the WWE, so she'll be missed,” McMahon said.
A recent post of a teacher's resignation letter struck a chord with many readers, who wrote more than 1,300 comments, tweeted it some 2,000 times, and “liked” it is more than 91,000 times. That teacher, Gerald J. Conti, a social studies teacher at Westhill High School in Syracuse, N.Y., wrote that he felt that school reformers have decimated the teaching profession.
Here is a different letter, one from a teacher who refuses to quit despite what she calls “inane” school reform. She is Christine McCartney, an English Language Arts high school teacher in Newburgh Free Academy in Newburgh , NY. She is currently in Finland through a Distinguished Fulbright Award in Teaching, doing a comparative study of our education systems. Finland, of course, has one of the world's highest achieving school systems, at least according to international test scores. (You can read about Finnish schools here and here and here.) This appeared on her blog, “an educator's re-reducation.”
By Christine McCartney
I applaud the resolution of educators such as Gerald J. Conti and Kris L. Nielsen, for publicly deciding to remove themselves from classroom, especially because they have used their dissent as a platform to spread awareness about current issues in America's education reform. If you haven't come across their widely-read letters of resignation, you can find them here and here, respectively, and they are worth the read. After having spent the past month in Finland, however, gaining new insights from the Finnish education system and having the freedom of time to reflect on my own experiences as a teacher in New York, I have a different kind of letter. Call it my Letter of Resolution. I wrote it because I have had enough. I can't handle any more top-down; I am ready for some bottom-up. I hope you will join me.
Every year on their wedding anniversary The Real Housewives of Orange County's Heather Dubrow and Terry Dubrow do the same thing -- they stay at the Beverly Hills Hotel and eat at The Ivy At The Shore. But this year the Sultan of Brunei messed things up for the lovebirds 15 years after their wedding date and RumorFix has all the scoop. "Unfortunately we weren't going to stay at the Beverly Hills Hotel -- no way," Terry tells RumorFix because of the sultan's laws that require gays be stoned to death. "That was a bummer, we didn't get to walk into the Crystal Room where we got married. We like to do that and take a picture." Terry, who is starring on E!'s new plastic surgery series Botched which premieres Tuesday, says he and his wife believe in gay rights and "We will never go to go there until they sell the place." They however created new memories on June 5 at the Four Seasons Beverly Wilshire Hotel, better known as the Pretty Woman hotel, but they kept up the tradition of going to Ivy at the Shore. "The Ivy is like our kitchen. It's where we had our first date and my first time I was there I saw Madonna and Sean Penn," he adds. The RHOOC star says he was introduced to Heather by a fellow surgeon. When he first saw her, he thought, "Oh my God I'm being set up with that." He admits, "She didn't like me at first. I was a prick in a Porsche." But after six weeks of begging the former That's Life actress finally said yes to a date. So 15 years later what did the good doctor give his wife? "She wants a new wedding ring with a diamond, so we went shopping on Robertson," he says.
Brent Stirton is driven by a passion to help others. Whether photographing sex workers in Ukraine or rangers on the front lines of the fight against illegal wildlife poaching, Stirton uses his photographic gift to tell these stories in a way that makes us take notice. We spoke with Stirton for our new series “Through the Lens,” where we get to know the photographers behind the unforgettable images showcased on National Geographic.
What was the first picture you made that mattered to you?
The first picture that mattered to me was probably shot in 1994 during the run-up to the first democratic South African election. I had been shooting images for less than six months at that stage. I remember I was in a crowd that was quite agitated—a police dog bit one of the people in the crowd, and they were reacting. This kid was right in front of me, and he immediately tapped into the anger of the crowd. I remember realizing how powerful unity could be and how ridiculous it seemed that a small minority had been able to hold back that collective anger for such a long time. It's not a great image, but it had some emotion, and for the first time I could sense the potential of that in photography.
View Images WEST BENGAL, INDIA: Legally blind Indian boys with albinism are photographed at the Vivekananda Mission Ashram boarding school in India. Albinism often leads to blindness due to a lack of pigment in the eyes. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage
View Images KRYVYI RIH, UKRAINE: Maria, a drug addict and sex worker, entertains a client in a room she rents. Maria uses drugs on a daily basis and has clients every week but remains HIV negative. She claims she needs the money to support herself, her habit, and her nine-year-old daughter. 2011. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage
View Images RIFIJI, SELOUS, TANZANIA: Yusuf Shabani Difika, 41, lost both his arms to a lion attack on a fishing trip in the region of Selous National Park, Tanzania, 4 March 2013. The attack occured in the evening in 2005. The lion attacked Yusuf and his arms were shredded beyond recovery as he attempted to fend off the lion. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage for National Geographic Magazine.
If you weren't a photographer, what would you be?
If I wasn't a photographer, I'd probably want to be a professional soldier, a military paramedic at the highest possible level.
Who is your greatest influence?
My greatest influence is an ever present fear of failure, but in terms of photographers, James Nachtwey, Sebastião Salgado, and Nick Nichols were inside my head from early on. These days, Yuri Kozyrev, Alex Majoli, Paul Nicklen, Edward Burtynsky, Moises Saman, Helmut Newton, Steven Klein. The list goes on.
View Images NZARA, SOUTH SUDAN: Michael Oryem, 29, is a recently defected Lord's Resistance Army fighter whose former L.R.A group is involved in the poaching of ivory in Garamba National Park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage for National Geographic
View Images OL PEJETA CONSERVANCY, KENYA: A four-man antipoaching team permanently guards a northern white rhino on Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya in July 2011. Only three northern white rhinos remain in the world. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage for National Geographic
What fuels your passion for photography?
My passion is fueled by the fact that I constantly meet better people than myself in the course of my job, and those people inevitably need and deserve help. I'm often in a position to highlight that need—not doing so would be cowardly. I think this job often has moments where your character is tested. I guess having a sense of self-respect means always trying to make the right move. I don't always succeed, that's for sure.
View Images KONO DISTRICT, SIERRA LEONE: A 12-year-old victim of the Revolutionary United Front (RUF) was taken from her village at ten and forced into sexual servitude. When she attempted to escape, they used battery acid to burn off her breast as an example to the other slaves. PHOTOGRAPH BY BRENT STIRTON, GETTY IMAGES REPORTAGE
What is the perfect photograph?
A perfect photograph for me is something that transcends its time. Truly remarkable pictures endure as part of the consciousness of our civilization. In the kind of work that gets done at National Geographic, it's an image that reminds us of what it means to be commonly human and all the connection that entails. On a personal note, I know that when I am in a situation when a good image is possible, it always makes me nervous. That happens because it's a moment of responsibility made manifest—I have to be good enough to see it when it passes in front of me. If I blink, I'll miss it and always remember that moment with a bitter taste in my mouth.
View Images WEST BENGAL, INDIA: Blind girls Sonia, 12, and Anita Singh, 5, accompany their parents during a rainstorm while they work in the fields of their rural Indian village in October 2013. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage
View Images A Congolese conservation ranger stands at the edge of a new lava field, working out which way his patrol will move through the area. The foreground shows luminous sulphur deposits that have been forced to the surface. Virunga has three active volcanoes, including Nyiragongo, home to the world's largest lava lake. The latest volcano is only a few years old. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage
What is your most treasured possession in the field?
My most treasured possession in the field is my light meter and my camera. Nothing happens without those. Second would be my fixer and an inexhaustible supply of patience. The fixer I can usually make happen ...
View Images AMBOSELI, KENYA: Undercover Kenya Wildlife Services rangers de-tusk a bull elephant in 2011. The elephant was killed by a single spear stroke close to the spine, which penetrated deeply enough to cause massive internal bleeding. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage for National Geographic
View Images RUMANGABO, NORTH KIVU, DRC: A funeral is held for ICCN (Institut Congolais pour la Conservation de la Nature) ranger Theodore Mbusa Matofali, 27, after a car accident left him dead from head injuries. Over 150 ICCN rangers have died in the course of their duties in Virunga National Park, most as a result of conflict. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage for National Geographic
What is the most important advice you can give emerging photographers?
My advice to emerging photographers is to find what you love and have faith in it since you are going to spend a lot of time pursuing that, and it's not always going to love you back. Go for overwhelming passion—that, for me, is the greatest luxury I can imagine in this profession.
View Images LAKE MURRAY, WESTERN PROVINCE, PAPUA NEW GUINEA: Kids enjoy the lake in Kubut village in 2009. Photograph by Brent Stirton, Getty Images Reportage
HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia will start selling its new smartphone, potentially its last chance to break into the most profitable part of the mobile phone market and secure its future, in November, sources at European telecoms operators said on Friday.
A Nokia executive shows the new Lumia 920 phone with Microsoft's Windows 8 operating system at a launch event in New York, September 5, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The Lumia 920, which uses Microsoft's Windows software, is Nokia's bid to catch up with Apple's iPhone and a string of popular phones using Google's Android software, like Samsung's Galaxy models.
The new phone, which with its rounded edges and colorful covers look similar to its predecessors, was unveiled on Wednesday and drew a thumbs down from many analysts, who felt it lacked the “wow” factor to make big inroads against rivals.
They were also unsettled by Nokia's refusal to say when the phone, and the smaller Lumia 820 models, would go on sale, or to give details on the price and operator partners.
Once the world's biggest mobile phone maker, Nokia fell behind rivals in the fast-growing smartphone market and has struggled to catch up, racking up more than 3 billion euros in operating losses in the last 18 months and forcing it to cut 10,000 jobs, as well as sell assets.
By going on sale in November, the Lumia 920 will hit stores in time for the key holiday sales season. It will be priced similar to Samsung's flagship Galaxy S3, operators in several countries said. The Galaxy S3 sells for around 580 euros.
But the phone will probably land more than a month after Apple's new iPhone and will face stiff competition from Samsung, which last week unveiled the world's first smartphone with the Windows Phone 8 software that the Lumia 920 will use, as well as new models from HTC and Google's Motorola.
An executive at an eastern European telecoms operator said he would start selling the Lumia 920, which features a high-quality camera and touch screen that can be used with gloves, in the second half of November, adding larger countries would receive the model earlier that month.
“The problem is that Nokia has temporarily destroyed the market for its own phones. Nobody will buy the old Windows phone and until the new Lumia comes, the market is absolutely dead,” the executive said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media on the subject.
Industry sources said on Thursday that Nokia had cut the prices of its older smartphones in a bid to boost demand until its new phones reach the market.
Analysts expect the Finnish firm to lose another 700 million euros in the July-September quarter and to sell around 3.6 million Windows phones, down from last quarter.
In comparison, Samsung sold more than 20 million Galaxy S3 smartphones in just 100 days.
Samsung has become the world's biggest smartphone maker as Nokia's share of the market has plunged to less than 10 percent from 50 percent during its heyday before the iPhone was launched in 2007.
The Lumia 920 is expected to go on sale in the United States around the same time as in Europe.
A Nokia spokesman declined to comment.
DIFFERENT VIEWS
While some operators and retailers said they would focus on the new iPhone and rival models, others were more positive.
“It looks really good, they chose to differentiate with the design and appearance, which are very important to people. The camera technology is very interesting,” said Sami Aavikko from DNA Finland, the third-largest carrier in Nokia's home market.
Ernest Quingles, managing director for Italian distributor Tech Data, said he expects the new Nokia devices to be successful, but questioned whether Windows Phone can attract as much interest from developers as Android and the iPhone.
“What we need to check still now is how Microsoft and Nokia will be able to develop the apps part,” he said.
Part of the reason for the limited success of Windows phones so far is that they support only 100,000 or so apps, compared with about 500,000 or more for Android or iPhones.
Jo Harlow, Executive Vice President of Nokia introduces the new Lumia 920 phone with Microsoft's Windows 8 operating system at a launch event in New York, September 5, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Apple's and Google's entrenched positions mean consumers have invested heavily in apps and content with them, and that could discourage switching to a new mobile system.
Nokia's volatile shares were 3.5 percent higher at 2 euros by 10:15 a.m. EDT (1415 GMT) in a firmer European market.
(This story added dropped word “the” in paragraph one)
Image caption Derek was described as 'larger-than-life..loyal, gentle and caring'
A 14-year-old boy found hanged at Pembroke School has been named as Derek Brundrett.
The teenager was discovered in a wooded area of the school on Thursday afternoon.
The school's head teacher Frank Ciccotti paid tribute to him, and described him as a "likeable and popular" student.
Dyfed-Powys Police said Derek's family had been informed along with the coroner.
Mr Ciccotti said Derek would be missed by staff and pupils.
"He was a likeable and popular student with a group of close friends," he said.
"He had a larger-than-life character and was loyal, gentle and caring. He will be much missed.
"Our heartfelt sympathies go out to his family and friends. He is ever present in our thoughts."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Derek Brundrett, 14, was discovered by his friends, next to buildings at the Pembrokeshire school.
Mr Ciccotti said the school was trying to help students and staff come to terms with their loss through a series of special assemblies.
Counsellors and support workers were also available to talk to those students who are most affected
The head teacher added that the school was co-operating with the coroner and his officers in their investigation.
Officers were called at 14:00 GMT on Thursday and the woods, close to the school's reception, were sealed off.
The school - a mixed comprehensive with over 1,380 pupils between the ages of 11-18 - was open as normal on Friday.
Counselling services will also be held over the weekend at the school.
BBC Wales understands there is also likely to be a social services investigation into the circumstances leading up to Derek's death.
The NACDA Learfield Directors' Cup is an award given annually by the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics to the colleges and universities in the United States with the most success in collegiate athletics. Points for the NACDA Directors' Cup are based on order of finish in various National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) sponsored championships or, in the case of Division I Football, media-based polls. The award originated in 1993, and was presented to NCAA Division I schools only. In 1995 it was extended to Division II, Division III, and National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) schools as well, each division receiving its own award.
The University of North Carolina won the award in its inaugural year, but since then, Stanford University has won the Division I award for twenty-four straight years. Williams College has had similar success in Division III, having won the award twenty times in the twenty-two times it has been awarded for Division III.
In Division II, UC Davis won six of the first eight awards, but its athletic program moved to Division I in 2003 and Grand Valley State won the award the following eight years. The NAIA division was similarly dominated by Simon Fraser University of British Columbia in its early years, but in 2002, SFU transferred several of its sports programs to Canada's college athletics federation, then known as Canadian Interuniversity Sport and now as U Sports. SFU has since become a full member of NCAA Division II. From 2004 to 2012, Azusa Pacific University assumed the mantle at the NAIA level, winning eight consecutive championships before moving to Division II in the 2012–2013 season.
The physical award is a Waterford crystal trophy. Prior to 2003, the sponsor of the NACDA Directors' Cup was retail merchandiser Sears, and the award was known as the Sears Cup. Beginning in the 2003–2004 season, the sponsor was the United States Sports Academy. In 2007–2008, Learfield Sports assumed the sponsorship of the Directors' Cup and Learfield Sports rebranded as simply Learfield in 2016.
Past winners [ edit ]
Results for years and schools shown in italics represent current standings and are not yet final.
NCAA Division I [ edit ]
Year First Second Third Fourth Fifth Sixth Seventh Eighth Ninth Tenth 1993–94 North Carolina Stanford UCLA Florida Penn State Arizona Texas USC Michigan Arizona State 1994–95 Stanford North Carolina UCLA Arizona Florida USC Michigan Penn State Nebraska Texas 1995–96 Stanford UCLA Florida Texas Michigan North Carolina Arizona Nebraska Penn State USC 1996–97 Stanford North Carolina UCLA Nebraska Florida Arizona Texas Ohio State USC LSU 1997–98 Stanford (tie) Florida, North Carolina UCLA Michigan Arizona Georgia Washington Nebraska LSU 1998–99 Stanford Georgia Penn State Florida UCLA Michigan Duke Virginia (tie) Arizona, USC 1999–00 Stanford UCLA Michigan Penn State North Carolina Nebraska Florida Arizona Texas LSU 2000–01 Stanford UCLA Georgia Michigan Arizona Ohio State Florida USC Arizona State Penn State 2001–02 Stanford Texas Florida North Carolina UCLA Michigan Minnesota Georgia Arizona State LSU 2002–03 Stanford Texas Ohio State Michigan Penn State UCLA Florida North Carolina California Arizona State 2003–04 Stanford Michigan UCLA Ohio State Georgia Florida North Carolina Washington California Texas 2004–05 Stanford Texas UCLA Michigan Duke Florida Georgia Tennessee North Carolina USC 2005–06 Stanford UCLA Texas North Carolina Florida Notre Dame California Duke Georgia USC 2006–07 Stanford UCLA North Carolina Michigan USC Florida Tennessee Texas California Arizona State 2007–08 Stanford UCLA Michigan Arizona State Texas Florida California LSU Penn State Georgia 2008–09 Stanford North Carolina Florida USC Michigan Texas California Virginia LSU Ohio State 2009–10 Stanford Florida Virginia UCLA Florida State Texas A&M North Carolina Ohio State California Duke 2010–11 Stanford Ohio State California Florida Duke North Carolina Virginia Texas A&M Florida State Oklahoma 2011–12 Stanford Florida UCLA Ohio State Florida State Texas USC North Carolina Texas A&M Michigan 2012–13 Stanford Florida UCLA Michigan Texas A&M Penn State Oklahoma North Carolina Notre Dame Georgia 2013–14 Stanford Florida Notre Dame Virginia Penn State Texas UCLA USC Duke Texas A&M 2014–15 Stanford UCLA USC Florida North Carolina Virginia Ohio State Penn State Texas Notre Dame 2015–16 Stanford Ohio State Michigan USC Florida UCLA North Carolina Virginia Texas Oregon 2016–17 Stanford Ohio State Florida USC North Carolina Michigan Texas Penn State Oregon Kentucky 2017–18 Stanford UCLA Florida USC Texas Michigan Ohio State Georgia Florida State Texas A&M
NCAA Division II [ edit ]
NCAA Division III [ edit ]
NAIA [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
* Quinn engaged in complex scheme to put assets out of reach
* Quinn's son and nephew also found guilty of contempt
* Judge indicates Quinn likely to get jail sentence
By Sarah O'Connor
DUBLIN, June 26 (Reuters) - Once Ireland's richest man, Sean Quinn was found guilty of contempt on Tuesday and may go to jail after a court ruled that the bankrupt businessman had blocked a state bank from seizing property worth hundreds of millions of euros (dollars).
Quinn, whose four-billion-euro ($5-billion) business empire collapsed after a disastrous investment in now-nationalised Anglo Irish Bank, is being pursued by the bank for debts of almost 3 billion euros.
The Irish Banking Resolution Corporation (IBRC), created from the remains of Anglo, asked the High Court to declare Quinn in contempt for violating an order not to interfere with foreign property assets worth an estimated 500 million euros.
“I find it impossible to accept his evidence that he had no hand in matters after April 2011, his evidence is not credible,” Justice Elizabeth Dunne told a packed courtroom in one of the most keenly anticipated judgments of Ireland's financial crisis.
“They have engaged in a complex series of steps designed to put the assets beyond reach ... in a blatant, dishonest and deceitful manner,” she said, referring to the Quinn family after Quinn's son Sean and his nephew Peter Quinn were also found guilty of contempt.
The judge will decide on sentencing after hearing arguments from both sides on Friday about what action should be taken but said it would be difficult to persuade her that there should not be a custodial element in the penalty.
If he is jailed, Quinn, 65, would become the first major player in Ireland's economic collapse to be imprisoned.
The ruling comes three months after a judicial inquiry found corruption was “endemic and systemic” at every level of government in Ireland in the late 1990s and as a long-running fraud investigation continues at scandal-hit Anglo.
“I'M NOT DISHONEST”
Quinn has come to personify the boom and bust of Ireland's “Celtic Tiger” economy, turning a rural quarrying operation on his family farm into a global business empire only to become the subject of the largest ever Irish bankruptcy order four years after becoming the country's richest man.
His use of loans to make the ill-fated investments in the former Anglo Irish Bank has resulted in the failed lender pursuing him in a global treasure hunt from courtrooms in Dublin to the British Virgin Islands.
Lawyers for the bank, which is being slowly wound down after its years of reckless lending left the state with a 30 billion euro bills, said taxpayers faced “a very substantial loss” if it fails to secure assets from Quinn as far afield as Russia, Ukraine and Belize.
The bank said on Tuesday that the verdict showed that the contempt motion was a valid and necessary step.
“The proven planned, covert and illicit actions taken by the Quinns and connected parties have resulted in millions of euros being lost or put at risk. IBRC will continue to seek to remedy this,” IBRC chief executive Mike Aynsley said in a statement.
Quinn, who choked back tears when giving evidence last month, admitted signing documents transferring Russian and Ukrainian assets to a new entity to put them out of reach of the bank, but said he did this before last July's court order.
However Justice Dunne said on Tuesday that Quinn was “evasive and uncooperative” when giving evidence and instead of answering questions put to him, simply embarked on lengthy criticisms of Anglo.
Asked by reporters for his reaction to the decision as he got into the back of an SUV, Quinn replied “interesting”. When it was put to him that the judge found him to be dishonest, he said: “I'm not dishonest”.
Build Log RotorX Raiju 155 - Finishing the frame and Test flight
Lots of progress for the Raiju 155!
The wiring loom underneath is fairly intensive - When you need to daisy-chain the Power and Ground for each ESC, Potentially signal and ground for ESC, and Three Motor wires each.. That's 42 connections needed to be soldered. Whoa!
There are a few methods to help with this, although please remember that soldering you usually do not want to shortcut. The ESC Ground for power can all be grouped together and connected as one, instead of daisy-chaining to each ESC. I did not do this. I did however, choose to not solder the ground for my flight control board from the ESC (So the signal cable only has a signal). This is because in theory, all of the connections are using the same battery power source - and the ground is already being shared thanks to the Ground from the ESC (Thicker bigger cable).
Documented doing the ESC Cables for the motor. Remember now that there is ESC firmware that can latter be uploaded using the 1 Wire flash trick via a Flight controller, with a reverse motor direction alternative version. This means it's even easier to do the motors than I did.
The traditional method is to solder the three motor wires to the ESC Pad, don't worry about the order. Latter on when you spin the motors up, you will test to see if they are spinning in the right direction. If it's wrong, you then swap any two wires around to get it correct.
Now latter on you can use Cleanflight to flash in the different ESC firmware, that does this for you. Saves a bit of time!
I'm done it manually for piece of mind more than anything.
Pololu Setup
The Pololu is used to convert the voltage from the battery into a usable range for the Flight control board and latter other electronics like the Video Transmission and Camera. This one is a 5v, and it taps power from the nearest ESC power and ground wires. it then routes through to the other side of the frame. Measure enough room to take the wires through with a bit spare to expose wires and eventually place it under the flight control board.
If you have liquid electrical tape, that helps a lot in preventing electronics making contact and shorting.
The wiring for the ESC signal cables took a long while. The small size of the cables, along with overlapping wires and proximity to other makes it tricky to do. in hindsight, this makes me think about the earlier daisy-chaining of the ESC power and Ground wires.
If you attach the Wire to the outside (like the photo in the gallery), This gives you more room to do the ESC Signal cables... However it makes the heat shrink cabling process trickier due to the small bulges. Either way has small downsides, although I guess attaching the wire on the top is a mix that makes it a bit less annoying.
The polulu has a rated capacity to draw 1A, so whatever I power will need to be under that. The Camera (90mW), and transmitter (200mW max) should in theory leave me plenty of room for the Flight controller board, and possibly a few LEDs (estimated 50mW for each RGB LED).
Making the D4R-ii receiver weigh less
Using the Build guide, I know what pins needed to be used. you need to bridge the gap on signal channels 3+4 to enable PPM Mode. With that done, you need to take it apart so you can fit it cleanly on to your Raiju!
To Take the right angle pins off which add a fair bit of height, i used a cable cutter to break the black plastic apart. This then let me desolder each pin one by one, at 370c. Took a while but the result is great.
With that done, I used channel one's signal to connect to the right place on the Naze32 PPM Channel. The D4R Receiver is powered by the Polulu.
Getting ready to fly
At this point I get to see the fun stuff! The propellers for example use two bolts, that attach to the top of the motor. Brilliant idea! Note that it uses M2 x 5mm Bolts. These came with the 1104 Motors I bought. the propeller shaft itself gives a loose fit, but allows for a fast change with the bolts detached. Fantastic design.
The last photo here is of the motors spinning up, and it then hovered well for a few minutes! it does not need much in the way of power to lift off. This will be a beast when completed.
It is common to make fun of men for acting like “big babies” when they're even mildly sick. According to Dr. Yehuda Shoenfeld, who heads the Shlomo and Pola Zabludowicz Center of Autoimmune Diseases (eng.sheba.co.il/567/329.htm) in the Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer, there is a physiological basis for this behavior.
Indeed, says the world-renowned Israeli autoimmunologist, prolific author and founder and editor of the Israel Medical Association Journal, Autoimmunity Reviews and J Autoimmunity: “Women are literally the stronger gender, with a better immune system. Not only do they outlive men, but when a woman has a cold, she goes about her business, and when a man has one, he takes to his bed and cries for a cup of tea.”
But this stronger immune system is also why, explains Shoenfeld, “with a few exceptions, autoimmune diseases attack women more than men, and usually at childbearing ages.”
As he gives ISRAEL21c a guided tour of the 3,000-meter (nearly 33,000-foot) center, decorated by Israeli artists and sculptors, Shoenfeld delivers a fluid summary of autoimmune diseases and the breakthroughs being made on the premises.
There are 80 such diseases, afflicting an estimated 20 percent of the population. Among these are the ones most people have heard of — rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, type 1 diabetes, Crohn's disease and lupus. All are characterized by an immune system gone amok.
“Instead of doing its work to prevent outside invaders, such as bacteria and viruses, from attacking our body, it turns inward and becomes the attacker,” says Shoenfeld, likening the process to “friendly fire” in the military.
“If it attacks the brain, for instance, the patient suffers from multiple sclerosis; if it attacks the intestine, it is Crohn's disease. When it attacks many different organs and tissues, it is considered ‘systemic.' Lupus is an example of a systemic autoimmune disease.”
Holistic approach
The innovation of the Zabludowicz Center is its holistic approach to researching, diagnosing, treating and finding cures for autoimmune diseases. It has brought together experts in every field of medicine (such as internists, immunologists, neurologists and gynecologists) to tackle what Shoenfeld and his colleagues call the “mosaic” of autoimmune diseases, which are always debilitating and sometimes fatal.
“Until recently, most of these diseases were diagnosed and treated by the individual organ specialists,” says Shoenfeld. “Over the last decade, we found that the causes of autoimmune diseases are the same, and that they include genetics, hormones and environmental factors such as the sun, pesticides and smoking.”
Through the work of more than 25 physicians and a research laboratory, the center has made strides beyond the first revolution in the treatment of autoimmune diseases — using biological drugs known as corticosteroids (such as prednisone) and immuno-suppressants. Shoenfeld describes both as “miraculous,” yet they cause multiple serious side effects and are very expensive.
Shoenfeld and his team studied regions of the world where there is a low incidence of autoimmune disease, and came up with the idea of “harnessing nature” in the form of helminth intestinal parasites – something that modern hygiene has largely eliminated.
Helpful parasites
In order to survive and thrive, helminths secret substances that suppress the host's immune system.
“Wherever helminths thrive, autoimmune diseases are virtually non-existent,” Shoenfeld says. “We know from epidemiological studies that there is a connection between increased hygiene and increased autoimmune diseases and allergies.”
He relates that the Italian island of Sardinia was rife with malaria yet absent of autoimmune disease – until 1946, when the area was sprayed with DDT. Malaria was indeed curbed as a result, but the island's population developed the highest incidence of multiple sclerosis in the world.
Hygiene theorists tried using helminths to treat autoimmune disease, having their subjects ingest the long parasites like spaghetti. The experiments were successful but “a bit disgusting,” says Shoenfeld. “So the next trial was to ingest helminth eggs — which are so tiny that they can't be seen by the naked eye — and let them hatch in the patient.”
The problem is that the parasites are emitted in bodily waste, causing a public-health issue. The solution was to use the eggs of a pig helminth, which do not hatch in humans, or if they do, they die very quickly.
This method, approved by medical authorities, is currently sold over the counter via the Internet. And many patients who have tried it report beneficial effects.
Taking this a step farther, Shoenfeld and his team set out to mimic the helminth secretions that suppress a host's immune system. The compound they patented, called TCP, is the basis of a startup they have established. They are seeking investors or pharmaceutical companies to mass produce the compound.
TCP is a mixture of two existing molecules in the body – phosphorylcholine, a non-immunogenic substance, and tuftsin, which is produced in the spleen and helps suppress the immune system. When introduced to mice in the lab at the center, via injection and orally, TCP completely eradicated lupus, colitis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Shoenfeld's team is now expanding experimentation with TCP – which he believes can relieve almost all autoimmune diseases cheaply and without side effects — to tackle conditions such as hair loss and psoriasis. They are also starting a study on the connection between allergies and autoimmune disease.
“We believe that investors in this endeavor will get very rich,” he concludes.
For more information, click here.
Formula 1 booked journalists and even teams into Korea's famous "love hotel" rooms for this weekend's Korean Grand Prix. Some are complaining of used condoms under their beds and dildo-vending machines.
A shortage of rooms for the already dicey Korean Grand Prix has forced teams to stay in brothels — dubbed "love hotels" — for the week. Apparently, the staff is so used to people only staying for an hour that they're still letting out rooms to Johns (or Jungs, maybe?).
We'll let a photographer for Sutton Images explain:
"After a ten-hour flight to Seoul, a first class train journey to Mokpo and a quick taxi ride to our 'Love Hotel', we've arrived. The accommodation is a bit bizarre and there are easily 30 of these 'Love Hotels' in the area - the one down the road is called the Hotel Feel, but we steered clear of that. Ours, The Washington, is actually very nice. It's still a 'Love Hotel' but it's clean, has a 42" TV and free internet access."
They're lucky, the Red Bull team is apparently in a hotel with dildo-vending machines in the lobby. Here (NSFW) is a pic of what they're talking about.
Advertisement
Also noted, no complaints yet from Max Mosley. (Hat tip to Roberto G.!)
Photo Credit: Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images
Super Junior‘s Kim Heechul has shown some love for the boys of BTS!
On December 6, the idol posted a sweet group photo of him and the BTS members on his Instagram, and revealed himself to be a new fan of the popular boy group.
“To prepare for my job as a guest MC of ‘Weekly Idol,' I looked up some BTS videos. I've become a fan of BTS,” he wrote as the caption.
The photo seems to have been taken during a filming for an upcoming episode of “Weekly Idol.” Judging from their cute smiles and grins, it looks like they had a great time together!
Kim Heechul was recently revealed as the second guest MC to fill in for regular host Jung Hyung Don, who is currently taking a break from all broadcasting activities to focus on his health. To show his support for the beloved comedian, the Super Junior member kindly added hashtags “#StayStrongJungHyungDon” and #ComeBackJungHyungDon” to the caption.
Are you looking forward to this episode of “Weekly Idol”?
Source (1)
No jail time if you're caught with small amounts of marijuana in Maryland. The plan approved today in the state Senate would lessen the penalty to a fine. News4's Chris Gordon reports from Annapolis with some of the arguments for and against the pot law changes. (Published Tuesday, March 19, 2013)
The Maryland Senate voted to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana Tuesday.
Under the new bill, anyone caught with up to 10 grams (0.35 ounce) would receive a citation and a $100 fine instead of being arrested and charged with a crime, reported News4's Chris Gordon.
"This bill is about taking what is a criminal, incarcerable offense and making it a civil fine so we're not incarcerating people for having a small amount of marijuana," Sen. Bobby Zirkin (D-Baltimore County) said. "It's a tremendous waste of resources: public defender, prosecutors, judicial and police."
The State Senate passed the measure 30-16, with the yes vote extending to some Republicans. Among them: Sen. Nancy Jacobs (R - District 34), whose husband has cancer. Decriminalizing it in small amounts makes marijuana available to patients and providers.
Jacobs noted that if she needed or wanted to buy a small amount of marijuana for her husband, she would want to be able to do that, Gordon reported.
Opponent Sen. E.J. Pipkin (R-Eastern Shore) noted studies saying marijuana use can lead to opiate addiction later in life, Gordon reported.
"If you want to go ahead and legalize marijuana, go ahead and put it on the ballot and let the people of Maryland decide," Pipkin said.
The bill passed Tuesday is not a medical marijuana bill. Three different bills are currently wending their way through Maryland's state legislature. This is the first to be passed. Another involves the use of marijuana for medicinal purposes; the last is the complete decriminalization of marijuana, which probably won't pass this year -- but may ultimately have a chance. The sponsor of that bill called it a "conversation starter."
The bill approved Tuesday will now go to the House, where it may face some opposition, but is likely to pass, Gordon said.
Excerpted from John Hussman's Weekly Comment,
Investors who feel that zero interest rate policy offers them “no choice” but to hold stocks are likely choosing to experience negative returns instead of zero. While millions of investors appear to have the same expectation that they will be able to sell before everyone else, the question “sell to whom?” will probably remain unanswered until it is too late.
...
It's an unfortunate situation, but much of what investors view as “wealth” here is little but transitory quotes on a screen and blotches of ink on pieces of paper that have today's date on them. Investors seem to have forgotten how that works. Few are likely to realize that apparent wealth by selling, and those that do will essentially be redistributing it from the investors who buy. Meanwhile, don't confuse time to sell with opportunity to sell. Trading volume remains quite tepid, and the majority of that volume represents existing owners exchanging what they hold rather than outright entry and exit. The investors who successfully leave the equity market at current valuations will exit through a needle's eye.
Implied volatility in S&P 500 index options fell to just 10.3% last week, indicating enormous complacency about potential risk. I've noted before that extreme overvalued, overbought, overbullish conditions tend to feature “unpleasant skew”: the raw probability of an advance is typically greater than the probability of a decline, so the market tends to achieve a series of successive but fairly marginal new highs, which can feel excruciating for investors in a defensive position. The “skew” part is that while the raw probability favors an advance, the remaining probability often features vertical drops that can wipe out weeks or months of market gains in a handful of trading days. We've certainly seen an unusual persistence of overvalued, overbought, overbullish conditions without consequence in recent quarters, but it is notable that the implied skew in S&P 500 index options has soared.
Indeed, the ratio of implied skew to implied volatility spiked to the highest level in history on Friday.
...
The ratio of market capitalization to GDP, which Warren Buffett (correctly) observed in a 2001 Fortune interview is “probably the single best measure of where valuations stand at any given moment” is now about 150% (not just 50%) above its pre-bubble norm, even imputing a rebound in Q2 GDP growth. Of course, Buffett also wrote "A group of lemmings looks like a pack of individualists compared with Wall Street when it gets a concept in its teeth" - which may explain why Wall Street seems so entranced with the concept of QE instead of actually doing the math.
The ratio of market capitalization to GDP, presented below on an inverted scale, is beyond every point in history except for the final quarter of 1999 and the first two quarters of 2000.
...
As The BIS warned recently...
Ngapuhi chairman Sonny Tau has apologised after he was caught trying to smuggle protected wood pigeons in his jacket on to a flight.
Mr Tau issued a statement this afternoon saying he was not facing charges over the incident, and gave assurances he would comply with investigators.
"I also wish to say this was a mistake, which I deeply regret," he wrote.
"The laws around native bird protection are important and to be respected by all, myself included."
Ngapuhi leader David Rankin had earlier defended Mr Tau's actions, saying he "did nothing wrong" by trying to smuggle the birds on a flight from Invercargill to Northland.
Kererū have been protected since 1921 and it is illegal to kill them.
Mr Rankin said it was "entirely culturally acceptable" to eat kererū and disputed their protected status, saying there "are thousands left".
"Sonny has done nothing wrong according to Ngapuhi tikanga, and article two of the Treaty of Waitangi guarantees Maori the full, exclusive and undisturbed possession of our fauna and flora," he said.
However, Ngapuhi elder Kingi Taurua told ONE News he didn't think laws protecting kereru should be relaxed.
"A kereru is a very sacrosanct bird, very tapu. It's only gathered when a person is on their last breath, when they're dying. That's the only time, usually, when the kererū is used - and that is to feed the person who they think is going to pass away," he said.
A video captured the moment a car being driven by an Islamic State suicide bomber detonated mid-air after it was flung skyward by a separate explosion.
The footage appears to show the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces in northern Iraq, the Daily Mail reported.
As the car approaches it hits a roadside bomb which sends it flying into the air. As it begins to fall back to earth, the vehicle detonates, either because of explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting.
The car erupts in a ball of flames either due to the explosives or fuel tank igniting.
The clip was published by Kurdish forces, which have also released compilations of militants being killed or injured by backfiring mortars, malfunctioning machine guns, or misfiring rockets.
Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the country needed more international help to stop the advance of the Islamic State, often known in the Middle East as Daesh.
"We are the only country with armed forces on the ground fighting Daesh. We need all the support of the world." the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.
Tragic Josh Shares His Top Twelve Music Spins For the Week of March 8th 2010
Tragic Josh sprays rainbows of musical beauty over the disenfranchised youth of today. Come revel in the glory of his select aural spectrum of love.
1. Bowerbirds – Ghost Life
Just a really lovely song that'll keep you till the end. much to your surprise.
2. Electric President – The Violent Blue
I can't honestly say that I think this dude is the best advert for this band, but I do like this song. It takes it's time and knows how to carry it's momentum. The last third is probably the best.
3. White Birch – The New Kingdom
These guys are incredible. But apparently all Norwegians sound like Erlend Oye.
4. Vic Chestnutt – I Flirted With You All My Life
Never really heard much of his stuff, bought an album once but was kinda disappointed, but this is just a beautiful song.
5. The Antlers – Atrophy
I'm sure you're all aware of these guys so this really isn't news to anyone but myself. I overlooked them amidst all their hype, but have recently come to appreciate what a wonderful record they produced thanks to a number of other blogs. An old dog can in fact learn new tricks after all.
6. Sharon Van Etten – Love More
Exquisite. She's gorgeous AND amazing.
7. First Aid Kit – Tiger Mountain Peasant Song
These guys are amazing. My new favourites, and what an amazing cover.
8. First Rate People – Girl's Night
Infectious and fun, just what pop should be like.
9. Herb Albert – Rotation (DJ Harri Edit)
Old school brilliance. This was what Ibiza used to be about.
10. Cold Mountain Child – Of Self
Something reminiscent of classic Dire Straits. OK, and a fair chunk of Iron and Wine as well!
11. Spirit Spine – Enchanted Island
Incredibly simple and sparse. and short. too short. but that's good.
12. Liars – No Barrier Fun
Great vocals, and a fantastic arrangement. Love the beat and the cello.
What are you listening to this week? Post your comment!
Like this: Like Loading...
(Italianestro/Dreamstime)
A big “green-energy” company continues to harass an anti-wind-project activist.
Two years ago, I wrote a piece for NRO about a SLAPP suit (strategic lawsuit against public participation) that NextEra Energy, America's biggest wind-energy producer, had filed against Esther Wrightman, an anti-wind-project activist from the tiny village (pop.: 120) of Kerwood, Ontario. It's now time for an update.
NextEra overcame Wrightman's opposition to the Adelaide Wind Energy Centre, a 60-megawatt project that began producing electricity last year. The 38-turbine wind project was erected right next to Wrightman's home. In June 2014, she left not only Kerwood but Ontario and, along with her two children, her husband (who is disabled), and her parents, moved to the larger village (pop.: 1,889) of St. Andrews, New Brunswick. The Wrightmans also relocated their family business, Wrightman Alpines, a nursery that specializes in alpine plants.
Advertisement
Esther Wrightman couldn't stop the wind project that turned her into an activist. But here's the reason for this update: NextEra is still SLAPPing her. For reasons the company won't explain, it hasn't dropped its litigation.
This is more than a story about Goliath beating up on David (or Esther). It's also fundamentally about freedom of speech and the ability of citizens to speak out against (or, in Wrightman's case, to make fun of) big corporations.
The particulars of the litigation are as follows: In May 2013, NextEra filed the lawsuit against Wrightman, claiming that she had defamed the company on her website (ontario-wind-resistance.org) because she has repeatedly referred to it as “NexTerror” and “NextError.” (Wrightman, who fought NextEra for about five years in Ontario, also has a YouTube channel.)
Advertisement
Advertisement
NextEra's litigation against Wrightman provides a textbook example of a SLAPP suit. The fact that NextEra, a company with a market capitalization of $44 billion, had its feelings hurt by a 30-something mother of two young children is silly enough on its face. But what makes the lawsuit so loathsome is that NextEra also claims that Wrightman is violating Canada's Competition Act, a law that is aimed at preventing anti-competitive business practices. NextEra claims Wrightman is engaging in anti-competitive behavior because she is seeking to support “her own business interests,” which NextEra claims include “raising funds” via the Internet “to oppose the development of wind energy in Ontario.
In other words, NextEra sued Wrightman because she was standing in the way of its business interests in Canada. By that logic, the U.S. coal industry could sue the Sierra Club because the environmental group's Beyond Coal campaign has been so successful. Donors like former New York City major Michael Bloomberg have given the group tens of millions of dollars, which it is using to fund regulatory efforts to force the closure of coal-fired electricity generation plants.
Advertisement
Or better yet, imagine a Canadian company, like the Calgary-based TransCanada, suing an American, say, Bill McKibben, the climate activist who has helped block, for years, the construction of the company's Keystone XL pipeline, which is designed to carry bitumen (oil sands) from Alberta to the Gulf Coast.
Advertisement
Instead of Canadians suing an American, we have NextEra, a company from America — where free speech is paid great homage, and where about 30 states, and the District of Columbia, have passed anti-SLAPP laws — suing to silence a Canadian woman whose income last year was $23,500 (I asked) simply because they don't like the fact that she has made fun of NextEra's name.
Cara Zwibel, the director of the Fundamental Freedoms Program at the Canadian Civil Liberties Association, told me via e-mail that the suit against Wrightman “does appear to be an attempt to get her to stop altering their logo and chill her vocal criticism of the company.” Ontario has been considering anti-SLAPP legislation for several years but has yet to pass such a measure. Zwibel said that the CCLA “is very supportive of anti-SLAPP legislation and has been advocating for it for quite some time.” Her group has also launched a project to help SLAPP defendants in Ontario find pro-bono legal assistance.
Zwibel said the CCLA has not intervened in NextEra's case against Wrightman “at this stage,” but she added that she has “been in touch with Ms. Wrightman to consider if and how we can offer some assistance.”
You'd think NextEra, which operates more than 100 wind projects in 19 states and Canada, could afford to tolerate a critic or two.
You'd think NextEra, which operates more than 100 wind projects in 19 states and Canada, could afford to tolerate a critic or two. Instead, in its suit against Wrightman, which you can read here, the company claims that it has suffered “serious and immediate irreparable harm” because of Wrightman. It also claims it has “suffered, and is continuing to suffer, loss and damage” while Wrightman has been “unjustly enriched and has earned direct and indirect profits and benefits.” That's a remarkable claim given the money NextEra is making thanks to the generosity of taxpayers on both sides of the U.S.–Canadian border.
As I reported back in 2011, NextEra garnered some $610.6 million in grants from the 2009 stimulus bill (the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act) for various wind projects. The company's 2010 annual report shows that its federal tax bill was cut by more than $200 million that year thanks to various federal tax credits. That same document said that NextEra had another $1.8 billion of “tax-credit carryforwards” that will help it slash its taxes over the coming years. In its 2014 10-K, the company said that its tax-credit carryforwards had increased to $2.7 billion and that those credits will help it reduce its tax bills through 2036.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Given its subsidy-driven business model, it's no surprise that NextEra is a major player within the wind industry's main lobby groups. John DiDonato, a vice president at NextEra, serves on the board of directors at the American Wind Energy Association, and is now the board's treasurer. Another NextEra employee, Ben Greenhouse, is the chairman of the board of directors at the Canadian Wind Energy Association.
NextEra is making sizable profits in Canada, despite widespread opposition from people like Wrightman. (Ontario has more than 50 anti-wind-project groups.) Two years ago, I estimated that thanks to the generous feed-in tariffs from the government of about 11.5 cents per kilowatt-hour of electricity produced, NextEra will likely make back its entire investment in the Adelaide project (about $132 million) in less than seven years. After that, all the revenue will be profit. To put that 11.5-cent payment in perspective, the average cost of residential electricity in the U.S. is now about 12.5 cents per kilowatt-hour. In other words, on its Adelaide project, NextEra is collecting a subsidy for wholesale electricity that is almost equal to the retail price of electricity in the United States.
Advertisement
Given these many facts, why hasn't NextEra dropped its lawsuit against Wrightman? The company won't say.
Steven Stengel, a company spokesman, refused to answer questions about the SLAPP suit or about NextEra's Canadian operations. In an e-mail, he said: “While we appreciate the opportunity, we will not be contributing to your article.” I also contacted Awanish Sinha, the lawyer who is representing NextEra in the lawsuit. Sinha, a partner at the Toronto-based McCarthy Tétrault, the fifth-largest law firm in Canada, did not respond to my e-mail.
It appears that NextEra will let its lawsuit continue pending against Wrightman until she dies. It can force her to respond whenever it chooses. Wrightman recognizes the threat. In an e-mail, she told me that if NextEra resumes action on the lawsuit, it would mean “travel and legal fees” that “could make me crumble, especially on top of all the time that is needed to prepare a case. And now that we live out here [in New Brunswick] the travel would be near impossible.”
Advertisement
Wrightman says she's glad to be out of Ontario, where NextEra, Suncor, and a number of other companies are pushing for additional wind projects and the generous subsidies they will collect from them. She likes being in New Brunswick, because the province “is essentially broke and can't throw money at such fanciful ideas as wind turbines when they have cheap power readily available.” She continued, saying, “Everywhere we looked in rural Ontario there was threat of wind developments — it's not like we could just move over to the next township or county because they were going up there too, or are proposed to go up there in the future.”
And Wrightman says that regardless of what happens next in the SLAPP suit, she won't quit satirizing NextEra on the Internet. “If I were to retract the images (or videos, or website) that would truly be giving in to this company's threats.”
About The Author Paul Boag has been working on the Web since 1993. He is a user experience strategist who helps companies make use of digital to better serve connected consumers … More about Paul…
You Are Not A Machine. You Are Not Alone.
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors' picks twice a month. Your email Subscribe →
It was pouring with rain and I found myself driving. I didn't know where I was going. I just needed out of the house. I needed to escape. After what felt like an age I found myself parked outside my parents' house, just staring at their front door. Eventually I got out of the car, rang the doorbell and burst into tears the moment my mum answered.
It was pouring with rain and I found myself driving. I didn't know where I was going. I just needed out of the house. I needed to escape. After what felt like an age I found myself parked outside my parents' house, just staring at their front door. Eventually I got out of the car, rang the doorbell and burst into tears the moment my mum answered.
Me, a grown man. A respected figure in my field. A success. Standing on the doorstep of my parents' house, crying to my mum like a small child. This was the breaking point for me, the minute I finally realized I had depression. In fact I'd been depressed for over a decade. Burnt out. Used up with nothing left to give.
Further Reading on SmashingMag:
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world: from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties, CSS Grid, Service Workers, performance, AR/VR and responsive art direction. With Marcy Sutton, Yoav Weiss, Lyza D. Gardner, Laura Elizabeth and many others. Table of Contents →
It had started back in the late nineties when I took a job with a dot com. I had a boss who was a bully, plain and simple. He shouted, he threatened, he manipulated. I stood up to him, but it drained me. Every day was a battle.
He was replaced, but the next guy wasn't much better. He used to put me in a room with the company's investors and make me present to them. He knew I was a good presenter, so when things got tough he would wheel me out. But he would sit next to me through the meetings kicking me under the table when I said something he didn't like.
In time, the dot com bubble burst and I found myself forced to make people redundant. People I knew. People I considered my friends. Worse than that was having to make redundant people I didn't know, people who worked for companies we had acquired. When you have to make a friend redundant at least they know you find it hard, that you don't want to do it. When you fire a stranger, you are just an evil hatchet man.
From bad experiences, good things grew. Following the dot com company folding, I and two colleagues set up Headscape, the agency I run to this day. I love Headscape. I love the people I work with. But the stress didn't dissipate – if anything, it increased.
I remember standing in a newsagent's, wasting time before a big pitch. I was terrified. Terrified of not winning the work, work we needed as a company to survive. The last thing I wanted was to have to make people redundant again. I was so worried that I vomited, right there in the middle of the shop.
I love working for myself but every month is a roller coaster. Either we have too much work and I fret about delivering, or not enough and we worry about going out of business.
Then there is the pressure to keep up. The day I read Jeffrey Zeldman's book Designing with Web Standards was one of the most terrifying of my life: the sudden realization that the table-based design I had built my career on was about to go away; that I would need to relearn my entire skill set.
Not that this was the end of the changes. The demise of Flash, the rise of user-centred design, content strategy, the mobile web, responsive design. The list goes on. Always something new to learn. Always the pressure to keep up.
Even now, twelve years into Headscape, things are hard. Like many agencies right now, we had a bad first half of the year. The sector feels like it is changing again, and so once again the pressure is on.
But this time is different. This time I will not end up on my parents' doorstep in floods of tears. Because along the way I have learnt something. I am not a computer. I am not a machine. I am a human being.
We demand too much of ourselves as web professionals. We lie to one another, all living in a consensual delusion we build together. We talk about digital being our passion. We tell each other how great our jobs are. We work every hour in the day either in the hopes of getting bought by Google, or because we have convinced ourselves we enjoy it. Maybe we do and maybe we will be bought by Google, but is it healthy? I can tell you from experience it is not.
I realized that I was not a machine able to work 24/7. I realized I had times of insane productivity and then periods where I needed to rest; that I could not expect to churn out high quality work without stepping away from time to time. (Image credits)
I realized something else, too. I realized that I could be human with my colleagues, that I didn't need to pretend to be a machine. This I discovered when I told my co-founders I was burnt out; they understood and helped lighten the load. When I shared my depression online, nobody laughed at me or thought I was weak. Instead they thanked me for allowing them to talk about their struggles.
In fact, I found huge support from total strangers, people who suffered or were going through the same difficulties as me. Far, far more than I ever could have guessed, based on the way we talk online. If you believe what we post online, we are all happy, successful and rich.
And I had one final revelation. I realized I wasn't a machine stuck in a preprogrammed routine. I could change things. I started looking after myself both physically and mentally. I found friends outside the web. I took regular walks, found other interests, and spoke up about my struggles. I even stopped working long hours, screw the consequences. As it turned out, I just learned to work smarter. Long hours are not a badge of honor, they are a sign of failure, pure and simple.
As part of my job I meet hundreds of web designers every year, either at conferences or as part of my work within organizations. Many are contractors who never get a holiday and worry about being able to pay the bills. Others are in-house web developers so beaten down they are resigned to being trapped in their organization forever. And yet what do you read online? You read about successful startups, acquisitions, and competitors with their amazing client lists.
You might think this all sounds rather depressing but, you know, it isn't. It is meant as an encouragement, that if you are struggling you are not alone; that there is not something wrong with you, there is something wrong with the industry.
This post gives you permission. Permission to stop being a machine and become a human being. Permission to spend some days in your pants watching daytime TV rather than working. Permission to be honest about your fears and stresses. Permission to tell somebody you are struggling and get help.
For those of you reading this thinking “Well, my work is my passion and I am happy” then good for you! But it won't always be like that. There will be times when it gets tough. They won't last forever but they will happen. I ask you to remember one thing when those times come… You are not a machine. Allow yourself to be human by cutting yourself some slack and getting help.
If you'd also like to get involved, please don't hesitate to submit an article and share your experiences. We'd sincerely appreciate it.
There are already reports surfacing that Manafort has started phoning it in at Team Trump and now there is this. Just happened on Fox regarding the Khan family.
Manafort: "What Mr. Trump has said is not a smart thing." — Gideon Resnick (@GideonResnick) August 3, 2016
Resnick now says he heard wrong, but the other Manafort statements are consistent with putting distance between himself and Trump.
In the same interview, Manafort actually did say Trump is in charge of the campaign and Manafort now only does what Trump asks him to do. This is not a campaign manager who wishes to take credit (or blame) for the Trump campaign.
The Trump campaign manager is putting distance between himself and Trump, though he is denying rumors about the campaign implosion.
This is a really, really big deal.
Works riders Maverick Vinales and Valentino Rossi both endured a frustrating 2017 campaign, while rookie Johann Zarco shone on Tech 3's year-old machine.
The Frenchman managed to beat both Vinales and Rossi six times across the course of the year, while teammate Jonas Folger managed to do so twice.
Poncharal said the team didn't imagine Zarco's season "even in our wildest dreams", but also admitted that showing up the factory squad made for some awkward moments.
"Sometimes it was a bit uncomfortable for me to be in front of them," Poncharal said.
"I could see some faces getting a bit longer, we didn't always get a lot of handshakes or smiles after the race but I understand.
"We were here with two rookie riders to let them understand and learn the class, and they were here to win the championship and that didn't happen for various reasons.
"The fact we did what we did with that [year-old] bike, pushing Yamaha engineers and two factory riders, maybe they went in a wrong direction."
Tech 3 shouldn't beat factory team
Despite Tech 3's strong season, Poncharal underlined that competing with the factory Yamaha team is not "where we're supposed to be", and that the priority is to help the Japanese marque win the title.
"There are four M1s on track, altogether we need to be giving as much valuable information [as possible] to the factory in order for them to fight for the championship," he added.
"Always the factory team will be first. We are a Yamaha team, this the 20th consecutive season with them, I know them well, I respect them a lot.
"If we ever achieve the result [we did], it is because we have for sure a great rider, a good team and crew, but also we have a good bike.
"So I have to thank Yamaha the way they have been supporting us."
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers own the No. 1 pick in the 2015 draft, and not surprisingly, the Bucs have reached out to Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher in an effort to get to know more about Seminoles quarterback Jameis Winston.
Fisher said Wednesday on NFL Network's "NFL AM" that the Bucs "have contacted different people on our staff."
Asked how many teams he has talked with, Fisher said, "Not as many as you'd think right now. It's just now starting, and our pro day's in another month (March 31). I think in this month, we'll get bombarded. But we've got quite a few (prospects)."
Fisher also said that despite Winston's off-field issues, teams should be comfortable with making him the face of a franchise.
"Jameis' problem, if you really research and really get down to the nuts and bolts of what actually went wrong -- with him standing on the table and the crab leg incident -- when you walk out of a place with a deputy sheriff beside you, it was not intent," Fisher said. "It was a mental lapse. What Jameis does, which is very unique and a lot of people follow him -- he was just being a normal student. He was trying to do what the other kids around him were [doing], and it was very immature.
"It was an immature thing to do, not an intentional thing to do with malice. He sees himself with everybody. He doesn't put himself above everybody; that's why, I think, people flock to him, and his leadership is such a big deal. Because he is a genuine, honest people person, and he gets caught up. I think he understood that. It was a moment of him being 19 years old and making a critical mistake. But I think those mistakes are very easily corrected. Character issues are different, and I don't think he has those."
Bucs coach Lovie Smith said last week at the NFL Scouting Combine that he would be comfortable making Winston the public face of the Bucs.
Fisher also said he thought Winston had matured.
"He is a guy that learns from mistakes," Fisher said. "You watch him on the football field, you watch him in life -- he is a highly, highly intelligent guy. He learns from mistakes about as well as anybody."
Fisher calling Winston "a normal student" stretches credulity a bit. After winning the Heisman and leading FSU to the national title in 2013, Winston (and his coaches) had to know he was not a "normal" student. Still, that Fisher would squarely be in Winston's corner obviously is not a surprise; what would be truly news-worthy -- especially to NFL teams -- is if he blasted his former quarterback. Just as obviously, the Bucs and other teams interested in Winston are going to talk to a lot of people, not just the FSU coaches, about Winston's maturity and behavior.
Mike Huguenin can be reached at mike.huguenin@nfl.com. You also can follow him on Twitter @MikeHuguenin.
Absintheuse
Administrator
Posts: 346
10/18/2017 Players may now continue the tragedy of the Cheery Man and the Last Constable!
Those up-to-date with the story may continue via the 'A Message from an Old Acquaintance' card, which will appear in your deck. Those wishing to start the tale can study secrets in Ladybones Road or visit the Medusa's Head in Watchmaker's Hill.
As these are exciting times with some well-loved characters, we'd like to give a friendly reminder to use the appropriate spoiler tags, thank you.
--------------------------------------------------------------
Update 19 October 2017
Hello, we've been taking on board the feedback from players and are expecting to make changes tomorrow, for both future players and those who've completed the story already.
For now, we've blocked off sections to halt anyone else from going through pieces of the story we'll be adjusting. Thank you for your feedback and for your patience.
edited by Absintheuse on 10/19/2017
edited by Absintheuse on 10/19/2017
Reused NPC
Posts: 255
10/18/2017 OH HELLO!
I almost wish I'd drawn the card before reading this post, it'd be that much more of a surprise.
Time to draw cards like nobody's business! Which is to say, to draw cards as usual.
--
ReusedNPC, a d__ned lunatic. Send him a cat.
Edmund Viric, a rather dreamy sort.
Available for Enigma enquiries.
Skinnyman
Posts: 1688
10/18/2017 Oh, lovely!
I do hope that I'll be able to keep the Man's card for the Dream quality!
--
I am accepting Plant battles, Neath's Mysteries card, Starveling Cats and boxed cats.
No suppers, no second chances gain and no need to cure my menaces!
Achievement list if you're feeling bored!
0 links
Absintheuse
Administrator
Posts: 346
10/18/2017 Sir Frederick Tanah-Chook wrote:
Damnation. I misclicked and chose an option I didn't want to. Is it possible to pay Fate to reset this story after completing it?
Yes, it can be reset
PSGarak
Posts: 639
10/18/2017 Aha, finally I may encounter my old nemesis, the Cheery Man!
...
But first, I must overcome my old nemesis, the RNG. Well, I've waited months already, I can wait a few more hours/days/weeks to draw this card.
--
http://fallenlondon.com/Profile/PSGarak
Optimatum
Posts: 3408
10/18/2017 I wonder if this story will let us get both the Last Constable and Cheery Man feast companions...
--
Optimatum, a ruthless and merciful gentleman. No plant battles, Affluent Photographer requests, or healing offers; all other social actions welcome.
Will trade Feast gifts for Cider! Or, you know, for Feast gifts. Just specify which you want.
PM me for information enigmatic or Fated. Though the forum please, not FL itself.
Hattington
Posts: 120
10/18/2017 Typo detected: A Furtive Meeting
"She turns from her unenviable view (of) Moloch St Station and offers a fleeting smile"
--
Dreaded and judged
0 links
Reused NPC
Posts: 255
10/18/2017 I've completed one of my life goals I never knew I had: Hug the Last Constable.
--
ReusedNPC, a d__ned lunatic. Send him a cat.
Edmund Viric, a rather dreamy sort.
Available for Enigma enquiries.
Absintheuse
Administrator
Posts: 346
10/18/2017 Hattington wrote:
Typo detected: A Furtive Meeting
"She turns from her unenviable view (of) Moloch St Station and offers a fleeting smile"
As always, the best places to send typos are directly to support@failbettergames.com, cheers
0 links
Màiread
Posts: 385
10/18/2017 Reused NPC wrote:
I've completed one of my life goals I never knew I had: Hug the Last Constable.
I'm adding that to my personal list of 'Fallen London Goals'. She always looked like she needed a snuggle.
edited by Màiread on 10/18/2017
edited by Màiread on 10/18/2017
--
Màiread - Correspondent, composer, lover of cats. Can probably bake you a d__n fine cake.
Useful Links: Traveller's Friend (Progress Tracker & Notability Calculator) | phryne's Guide to Favours & Renown |
Peggy the Nowoman lived to see the Feast. Thank you for the memories, Snow Lady.
I'm happy to accept most social actions except for lethal sparring and loitering suspiciously. Please challenge my plant! Currently not accepting calling cards.
Kukapetal
Posts: 1441
10/18/2017 Oh god I hope we can hug Cheeryman too!
Rostygold
Posts: 272
10/18/2017 Sir Frederick Tanah-Chook wrote:
Damnation. I misclicked and chose an option I didn't want to. Is it possible to pay Fate to reset this story after completing it?
Did you decline the offer? I am assuming you did, and it immediately dead-ended the story.
0 links
Xue
Posts: 14
10/18/2017 Well I'm depressed now...
Plynkes
Posts: 587
10/18/2017 It's so long ago I can't remember what the devil all this was even about. The game seems have the idea that I know who these people are, so I guess I'll take its word for it.
I get that a lot with Fallen London.
--
"Then tell Wind and Fire where to stop, but don't tell me."
Barse
Posts: 703
10/18/2017 Wow... so my alt The Courier just finished this and uh... safe to say it has the potential to get quite heavy. FBG were not playing around with the endings here!
It's great to see actions have proper in-game consequences, and it was a really well written bit of story, but now I'm saaad :P
edited by Barse on 10/18/2017
--
The Scorched Sailor, up for most social actions and RP. Not as scary as he looks.
0 links
Sallow
Posts: 46
10/18/2017 Please give me a quick, short answer. I'm about to start Preparing for a Lethal Gambit. Just tell me if the storylets i'm presented with cancel each other out, or if they all need to be played through.
0 links
As you may have heard by now, San Francisco will be voting this November on whether or not to ban circumcision in the city.
Defenders of the measure say it's all about "human rights" and "protecting babies" from unnecessary procedures.
But critics suspected there was something vaguely anti-Semitic about the whole proposal, since among Jews (and Muslims, as well) circumcising male babies is a religious duty, not just a mistaken medical procedure.
Ban proponents insisted their proposal had nothing to do with Jews -- really, it's all about the rights of children.
Well, any doubt that they were lying have now been dispelled, with the publication of new campaign literature for the upcoming circumcision ban. The campaign comic book, called "Foreskin Man," after its baby-saving superhero, features a litany of evil Jews doing battle with blond Nordic saviors.
Yes, really.
(Oh, and did I mention the artist's last name is Hess? A relative of Rudolf, perhaps?)
Below you will find a selection of images taken from Foreskin Man, the campaign brochure for San Francisco's anti-circumcision ballot measure. You tell me: anti-Semitic or not?
UPDATE:
For context, check out the original movie posters for the German and Dutch versions of the infamous 1940 Nazi film Der Ewige Jude, legendary as one of the most extreme examples of anti-Semitic propaganda ever made, and compare them to the "collector's card" for Monster Mohel:
Notice a resemblance?
Getty Images
With the preseason over and the regular season here, it's easy to forget how much everyone dislikes the games that don't count. The NFL hasn't forgotten, and the NFL potentially is planning to do something about it.
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the NFL actively is calculating the revenue that would be lost by reducing the preseason by as many as two games.
The league has the unilateral right under the 2011 labor deal to dump up to two preseason games without NFL Players Association consent. However, the NFL no longer has the power to expand the regular season without NFLPA agreement.
If the preseason is reduced, the goal would be to balance out the lost revenue either by increasing the regular season or expanding the postseason. And the objective in calculating the lost revenue could be to entice the union to agree to a plan for recapturing the money, especially since the owners and players now share the wealth on a basis of roughly 50-50.
I have to admit that I'm developing a soft spot for these indie exploration games. It started out as a relationship of convenience, my dedication to one review per week can sometimes see me scrambling for time and this particular genre of games usually doesn't last much longer than a couple of hours. However over time I've come to appreciate their simplicity and the narratives that they create, whether through traditional means or through more abstract methods. Kairo by Lupus Studios is an abstract puzzler/exploration game that tells the tale of one possible future, and what might be done to save it.
Without little more than a title sequence you're dropped into a strange, clinical world. Off in the distance you can see a building but there appears to be a large, insurmountable gap separating you from it. Tentatively you step forward and find that it isn't a gap at all and you're able to cross over to the mysterious structure. Once inside it appears to be a lot larger than it was from the outside and there are rooms heading off in every directly. Curiously you enter one only to find yourself confronted with all manner of puzzles, each of them building upon one another, seemingly towards a greater purpose that never quite reveals itself.
Kairo has a distinctly desolate feel to it with most of the lighting being of a single colour that varies from room to room. It also makes heavy use of the film grain effect to give a little more texture to the otherwise flat environment which isn't a particularly bad thing and there is an option to turn it off should you find it bothersome. The simplicity is very deliberate however as it ensures that key game elements stand out and, in the case of story elements, shifts control of the narrative over to you. I'll admit to initially feeling like this was minimal effort design but the further I got into it the more I realised that each of the visual elements was very deliberate, even more so than I gave it credit for.
The core game of Kairo is that of a puzzler with each of the rooms using a different mechanic or a twist on a previous one so that even the similar puzzles won't have the same solution. Most of them are fairly easy to work out, usually being based off tried and true mechanics that have been done in countless other games, however quite a few of them require quite a bit of abstract thinking. Indeed should you not know a lot of the common ideas in science and mathematics it's quite likely that a lot of the puzzles will simply frustrate you since there's really no way to guess the solution.
One such puzzle I could think of consisted of two dials with a central spinner. The dials were controlled by your X/Y position on a plate and each of the wheels contained 8 symbols on them and the central spinner displayed 2 symbols on it. Now any intrepid puzzle solver would look at that and think that you just needed to match the symbols up and, indeed, that's the answer to the first part of the puzzle. However after that simply matching them doesn't work but you're quite likely to stumble over a solution just by chance (at least I did for the second one). The final one actually requires you to know π to a set number of digits (rounded up, as well) which, if you were like me, you won't figure out on your own because you thought it was a pattern matching problem, not a numbers related one. I admit this might just be me getting stuck in a particular mindset but when you're dealing in things that are this abstract I feel it might be better to include a couple more visual clues to help you along.
People who've played this game will be quick to point out that Kairo does in fact include a hint system that you can access at any time through the options menu. Indeed when I said you wouldn't be able to figure it out on your own this was what I was referring to as after spending far too long being frustrated by the seeming lack of coherency in the puzzle that was the first place I went to. The hint system is a great inclusion as it helps those of us who just aren't in the same headspace as the developer and just don't get what certain puzzles were trying to accomplish. I endeavoured to keep my use of the system to a minimum however as there's nothing more satisfying than working something out on your own.
The lack of any kind of tutorial however does mean that there are some aspects of the game that will be hidden from you unless you go looking for them. In many of the levels in Kairo there are runes hidden away in places that are usually quite difficult to get to and unless you're the kind of person to explore every section of a level fully you probably won't know they're there. Indeed I didn't know they existed until near the end of the second section when I was nearly 2/3rds of the way through Kairo. So whilst I can appreciate a game that goes for the ultimate in simplicity a little hand holding wouldn't go astray, at least so I didn't find out that I was missing a relatively large part of the game without even knowing it.
Probably my biggest criticism, and this should say a lot about the game overall, are the sections that aren't required for you to progress further. They're included for narrative purposes, usually giving you some insight into Kairo's larger purpose, however they either do not contain a puzzle to solve or they have one which is non-critical (although you do provide some really good bits of story if you should complete them). Whilst looking at the hints will reveal whether or not you're in one of these rooms I would've been a lot happier if there was some visual indication, just so I didn't spend an inordinate amount of time looking for a puzzle that didn't exist.
As for the story I will have to be honest and say that I wasn't completely sure what was going on throughout most of the game. There are references to mathematics, biology and general science all over the place but apart from a couple key points (like the control room) I wasn't really sure what was going on. After I was intrigued by the possibility of a secret ending, which isn't so secret since there's an achievement for it, I found many good plot summaries that detailed Kairo's purpose. Reflecting on my time with Kairo it then became clear that all the clues were there and I simply missed a couple key interlinks that would have revealed everything to me. So should you be looking to play this game I'll advise you to explore as much as humanly possible as the tale of Kairo is one of tragic beginnings that ends with hopeful redemption.
Kairo is a standout title that utilizes its fanatical simplicity to convey a message that will only reveal itself through careful examination. Whilst this dedication to stripping away all extraneous elements does mean that you might find Kairo wanting in some aspects as long as you know this going in you will likely appreciate it far more than if you approach it like a traditional game. It's not for everyone, indeed unless you enjoy building your own narrative I'd probably steer clear, but Kairo will reward dedicated players who give it the careful attention it deserves.
Rating: 8.5/10
Kairo is available on PC right now for $8.00. Total play time was 3.2 hours with 27% of the achievements unlocked.
TOKYO (Reuters) - A city mayor opposed to a plan to relocate a controversial U.S. airbase on Japan's Okinawa island was re-elected on Sunday, creating a political headache for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and threatening friction with Washington.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe delivers a speech during the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) annual convention in Tokyo January 19, 2014. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
Delays in relocating the U.S. Marines' Futenma air base, a move first agreed between Tokyo and Washington in 1996, have long been an irritant in U.S.-Japan ties. Abe is keen to make progress on the project as he seeks tighter ties with the United States in the face of an assertive China.
Abe's ties with Washington suffered after the United States expressed “disappointment” with his December 26 visit to Yasukuni Shrine. The pilgrimage further strained relations with China and South Korea, which see the Tokyo shrine to Japan's war dead as a symbol of its past militarism.
Susumu Inamine - a staunch opponent of the relocation plan - was re-elected as mayor of the Okinawa city of Nago, defeating an opponent who had backed the project and run with the strong support of Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
Last month, Okinawa Governor Hirokazu Nakaima approved a landfill project to implement the plan to move Futenma's functions from a populous part of central Okinawa to Nago's coastal Henoko area.
“The plan must go back to square one,” Inamine told reporters on Sunday. “I will reject all procedures that are premised on the landfill project.”
Inamine's win was a rare setback for Abe, whose support rates have remained robust since he returned to power for a second term just over a year ago.
Futenma has long been a lightning rod for discontent among Okinawa residents, many of whom associate the concentration of U.S. bases with accidents, pollution and crime such as the 1995 rape of a Japanese schoolgirl by three U.S. servicemen.
GOVERNMENT STICKS TO PLAN
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide said on Monday the central government would move forward with the relocation plan, calling it the only way to reduce the burden on Okinawa while maintaining deterrence against potential threats.
“The governor approved the landfill project last year and, while explaining and seeking understanding as much as possible, we want to move ahead,” Suga said, adding that the Nago mayor's authority was limited.
Seeking to soothe discontent, Abe's government earmarked 348 billion yen ($3.34 billion) for Okinawa's economic development in the draft budget for the year from April and pledged about 300 billion yen per year through 2021/22.
Abe also promised to study whether the relocation plan could be speeded up and said the government would start talks with the United States on a deal that could allow for more oversight of environmental issues at U.S. bases.
Political analysts say Abe could risk denting voter support for his government, which came to power at the end of 2012 with promises to revive the economy, if he does push ahead with the relocation of the base in the face of local opposition.
“Inamine's victory will give momentum to the anti-base movement and the opposition campaign could spread,” Takashi Kawakami, a professor at Takushoku University, said.
“Abe will probably try to forge ahead but there will probably be an opposition movement ... and if this is reported in the media daily, Abe's support rates could fall.”
Abe faces another poll challenge when Tokyo voters choose a new governor on February 9. Former Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa, backed by charismatic ex-premier Junichiro Koizumi, has said he will run on an anti-nuclear power platform.
A Hosokawa victory could snarl Abe's attempts to restart reactors that have been offline since the March 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster and restore atomic energy to a core position in the nation's energy policy.
($1 = 104.2700 Japanese yen)
Happy 17th Birthday To a Very Special Red Border Collie
September 20, 2013
29 Comments
Today Buzz turns 17-years-old!
I couldn't be happier. Not just because I have had my special boy for so many amazing years. But because Buzz isn't just a dog that is hanging on as a 17-year-old dog; he is a dog that is actively engaged in life as a 17 year old dog.
So much so that I decided to teach him a new trick this week!
Not only has Buzz changed my life . . . but through him he has helped me to change so many other lives! To say he is a special dog is an understatement, he is a dog that has truly “Shaped the Success” of so many!
In honour of Buzz's milestone birthday, we are going to have a sale on the last few remaining copies of the hardcover edition of “Shaping Success.” For the next week (or until our limited supply runs out) both Buzz and I will autograph all of the copies (both soft cover and hardcover copies) of Shaping Success that we ship during his “birthday week.”
To close I leave you with this montage of Buzzy doing what he loved most of all . . . AGILITY! This video was put together by my friend (and Buzzy's friend), Renee King. The footage is old but you can still feel the love Buzzy had for all he did.
Today I am grateful for the life of Buzz! He still continues to amaze me every day!
Shawnacy Barber came to the Summer Olympics looking to make Canadian history. But the best pole vaulter the country has seen in more than a century will instead walk away disappointed, after a surprising early exit in the finals.
The 22 year old was stymied in the second round Monday night, failing to clear 5.65 metres in order to advance. For Barber, who was one of only two jumpers in the world this year to clear the 6-metre mark in competition – the other was world-record-holder Renaud Lavillenie of France – the elimination stung.
Rio Olympics Day 11: What to watch and the latest news
Story continues below advertisement
"It's just one of those sports where you've got to have everything line up at the right time, and I tried a couple of things, they didn't pan out the way I wanted them to, and that's how it goes," said Barber, who finished 10th. "You get three attempts, and try to make it work in those three."
After bailing on his first attempt at 5.65 metres, Barber cleared it easily on his second attempt, only to watch helplessly as his pole knocked the bar down. He soared over the bar on his third attempt, but misjudged his approach and came down just over top of it, knocking the bar loose.
"It's just how it goes. You've just got to figure out a way to keep the bar up there. That's how we play the sport," he said. "At this point nobody cares how your jump looks, just whether or not the bar stays up or not."
As Barber rose from the mat, he raised his arm to acknowledge a gaggle of Canadian flags in the stands, but clearly looked dejected with his attempt.
He came into Rio as one of the favourites to contend for the gold medal, after winning the world championships last year.
Barber, who was born in New Mexico but calls Toronto home, struggled with his jumps this week, running into unexpected turbulence during Sunday's qualifying rounds as well. He missed his first two jumps at the relatively routine height – for him – of 5.45 metres, before clearing it on his third attempt. He went on to finish at 5.70 metres, which was enough to grab a spot in the finals.
The heights he struggled with in Rio are well below his best jump this season: In January, Barber broke his own Canadian record by clearing six metres at an indoor meet in Nevada. His personal best at outdoor meets is 5.93 metres.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
He holds dual citizenship, having spent much of his childhood in Kindcardine, Ont., and was bidding to be the first Canadian gold medalist in the sport. He was also vying to the sport's first Canadian medalist in more than a century.
William Halpenny was the last Canadian vaulter to make the podium, taking bronze in a three-way tie at the 1912 Stockholm Games. Four years earlier, Edward Archibald became the country's first medalist, claiming a bronze at the 1908 London Games, also in a three-way tie.
The finals were competed in soggy conditions, and Barber said the rain had an effect. While some jumpers opted to use sticky spray on their hands to better grip the pole, Barber said he decided to stay with chalk.
"A lot of times your chalk doesn't work any more and you can feel a bit of moisture in your grip when you're trying to grip the pole," he said. "That little bit of hesitation can mean the difference between making a jump or not."
As for his decision to not use the spray, "That's just one method of jumping that I chose not to do," Barber said.
Just as the pole vault finals were to begin, heavy rains poured down on Rio's Estádio Olímpico. The downpour forced the competition to be delayed amid concerns about the safety of the vaulters, where wet conditions can make it difficult for the athletes to get a proper grip as they plant.
Story continues below advertisement
"You just try to adjust to the wind, and the rain, and the different conditions," Barber said. "We're all out there making guesses as to what's going to work, and sometimes you take a risk doing one thing or another and it doesn't work as well as you like."
As the rain came down, Barber sat under a covered row of chairs trying to stay focused, then retreated indoors with the other athletes.
It is the latest example of unexpected weather to hit the Olympics, in a city that is typically known for its steady, predictable conditions. August in particular is usually supposed to be a dry, calm month in Rio.
However, on the opening day of the Olympics, rain made the road-cycling course slick, causing race leader Annemiek van Vleuten of the Netherlands to lose control on a corner and tumble forward over her bike into the ditch. Knocked unconscious, van Vleuten ended up in hospital with serious injuries, including a severe concussion and three spine fractures.
A few days later, when the rowing events began on the normally placid lagoon where the competition was to be held, high winds kicked up whitecaps, causing at least one rower to lose an oar, and another boat to be overturned. The winds led to the cancellation of races, and the condensing of the rowing schedule. Some rowers complained of having to compete in the rocky conditions before the heats were postponed.
On Monday, officials allowed the men's 110-metre hurdle heats to proceed after the rains let up, with puddles of water visible on the track during the race. As the athletes approached the finish line, one hurdler lost his footing and slid on his stomach across the finish line, appearing to hydroplane for a few metres down the track. Race officials allowed several hurdlers who did not qualify to advance to rerun their heats later in the night.
During the last few months we have systematically improved both front-end user interface, and backend server code for the Toggl main time tracking page. It was motivated by the fact that we found it increasingly hard to cope with the steady growth of users and traffic, resulting in serious slowdowns of the system and in some cases even downtime.
The majority of Toggl program code originated from the time when our user base was 10x smaller, so the system needed a major overhaul. There were also several functional shortcomings, for example entries were not refreshed automatically when changes were made elsewhere (e.g. mobile phone). Also we had no offline support of any kind on the web.
Our situation in May this year
It took 5-7 seconds to load a time tracking page in Toggl, quite often even up to 20 seconds and more. Most of the time was spent by the server to compile the necessary dataset of time entries, but also related data.
The whole backend was based on Ruby on Rails, we used Ruby 1.8 at that time.
User interface could not be used offline.
Javascript code was bloated and contained a lot of unnecessary code (for example we had multiple date parsing/formatting libraries, etc).
The loading and parsing of Javascript started to block our UI because of its size.
Backend API calls were not optimized for the purpose, we requested too much data which strained both the database and bandwidth.
New implementation
After careful consideration we decided to re-use the offline-enabled time tracking code that is also used in our mobile apps and in Toggl Desktop, only retaining the visual of the existing time tracking page. So basically we decided to replace the whole backend code of that page.
We had run some experiments with the Go programming language (http://golang.org/) before, and decided that we should re-implement some parts of our backend with this new platform. So far, it has paid off, as the development process was fast, and deployment surprisingly simple. The resulting code is a big improvement in terms of speed. We'll continue to replace our backend code with Go.
Secondly we implemented a Redis-backed (http://redis.io/) WebSocket server in Go to enable realtime synchronization between different Toggl clients – so your time entries, projects etc. would be updated automatically if you use Toggl on multiple devices.
Thirdly we added HTML5 manifest and local storage to support offline usage of Toggl. This served also as the speed enabler. Offline was already implemented with our mobile interface m.toggl.com, so we reused a lot of that.
In frontend Javascript code, we're moving to Backbone.js (http://backbonejs.org/). As the amount of Javascript code is increasing fast, this library enables to structure it better. For parsing, formatting and manipulating dates in Javascript, we've moved to Moment.js (http://momentjs.com/) It has simplified our code a lot.
Following Google Page Speed (https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/) tips, we've started to use a Javascript loader to reduce resource blocking. At the moment, we're using LABjs (http://labjs.com/).
Another update we made was to upgrade to Ruby 1.9. The upgrade gave the system another speed boost.
Finally we spent time measuring HTML/CSS/JS load times and optimizing the milliseconds there. Our goal was to get the load time to under 1 second, or even faster. While the tracking page now loads faster, it's still a work in progress as we're doing too many API requests when loading the timer. Also, we're still using Javascript libraries that are quite bloated – for example for the sidebar report charts.
We still like Ruby on Rails a lot, and at the moment, will continue using it for serving user interface. Go will be used together with PostgreSQL and Redis for backend data crunching and efficient API calls.
Incremental launch
These changes encompassed several risks, as there were a lot of potential critical bugs associated. That's why we decided to roll the update out incrementally. We started in early July, and slowly and cautiously added new users until we had approximately 10% using it. This amount of users gave us enough feedback on system stability and bugs. After 4 weeks it had stabilized enough to start rolling it out more aggressively. By now all users have been converted to the new version.
As mentioned before, speed is an important feature in Toggl. Robustness and speed is something you, our users, keep telling us if we ask what are the most important things you need from Toggl. We have gained some valuable lessons with the latest upgrade, and will continue implementing those also in other parts of Toggl.
Wildlife in Need, a roadside zoo located in Charlestown, Ind., is facing scrutiny after two recent U.S. Department of Agriculture investigations revealed several animal rights violations.
The organization describes itself as a “nonprofit organization dedicated to the rehabilitation and release of native species as well as the provision of safe harbor to an array of Ambassadors from exotic and endangered species.”
The Sept. 13 investigation from the USDA cited Wildlife in Need with several violations, including using riding crops on tiger cubs. Timothy Stark, the zoo's owner, says he used riding crops but not to harm the tigers.
“We used those riding crops strictly as an extension of our arm,” Stark says. “We are not hitting and swatting the tigers. We are not beating the tigers down.”
In the investigation, the USDA stated Stark must correct the violation by “ceasing the use of physical abuse to handle animals.” Stark, however, says he continues to use the riding crops on tiger cubs.
“[The tiger cubs] are just touched, nudged, guided a little bit, tapped a little bit,” Stark says. “They are not hit. I walked in every one of my shows last night with a riding crop, and I would smack a woman with it. And harder than I do…with the tigers, and ask them if it hurts, and none of them says it hurts. It catches their attention; it makes them aware that I'm here.”
Stark has faced previous legal trouble related to animals. He entered a guilty plea agreement in federal court in 2007 for the unlawful receipt, transport and shipment of an endangered species. Stark was fined $5,000 and given three years of probation.
“Mr. Stark pled guilty to one count of violating the Endangered Species Act and was convicted and sentenced,” says USDA spokesperson Tanya Espinosa. “However, that is against the Animal Wealth Act. You can't violate the Endangered Species Act and maintain an Animal Welfare Act license. It's contrary to the act's purpose of insuring humane treatment of animals.”
The USDA says it is attempting to terminate Stark's license to own exotic animals.
“We have in fact filed a motion to terminate Mr. Stark's license back in February, and then we filed a motion for a summary judgement in June,” Espinosa says. “The respondent, Mr. Stark, has replied to that and currently the issue is pending the administrative law judge's office, so we are currently waiting on their determination on whether or not his license will be terminated.”
According to the USDA database, Stark's zoo has been inspected 12 times and has been cited with 45 different noncompliance violations since 2013.
The two most recent investigations took place because of a request sent to the USDA from animal advocacy group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, who said Wildlife in Need was in violation of the Animal Welfare Act.
“PETA's complaint both this year and last year to the USDA were sparked by visits to Wildlife in Need's tiger playtimes,” says Brittany Peet, deputy director of captive animal law enforcement at PETA. “[The visits] were by concerned citizens who visited on behalf of PETA and who recorded these apparent violations of the Animal Welfare Act.”
But Stark denies abusing his animals.
“I know, in my heart and in my mind, I know 100 percent we do not abuse animals on my property,” he says. “We teach animals, we guide animals, we discipline animals. There is absolutely no abuse whatsoever.”
Wildlife in Need posted a defense of the company on Facebook yesterday. The roadside zoo is still currently in possession of its exotic animal license.
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
The State Department filed its own response Monday, largely backing Hillary Clinton's resistance to additional questioning. | Getty Clinton fights demand for more information on emails
Lawyers for Hillary Clinton are opposing a conservative group's demand that she provide more details about the creation of the private server that hosted her email account while she was secretary of state.
Last month, Clinton answered written questions that a federal judge authorized Judicial Watch to ask in connection with Freedom of Information Act lawsuit related to her email set-up. She said she had no recollection that anyone ever suggested to her that the arrangement be at odds with FOIA or federal recordkeeping laws.
On Nov. 3, five days before the presidential election, Judicial Watch complained to U.S. District Court Judge Emmet Sullivan that Clinton did not provide full answers to all the questions the group asked.
Clinton's attorneys responded in a court filing Monday that two of the three questions went beyond the scope of what Sullivan authorized Judicial Watch to inquire about. One question asked about the reasons for creating the email server, which was set up to serve former President Bill Clinton years before his wife took office in 2009. Another asked about responses to a memo warning against the use of unclassified devices in the secretary of state's suite.
The third question at issue asked about Clinton's estimate that 90 percent to 95 percent of her work-related emails were captured in State Department systems. Clinton's attorneys said that number came from conversations with her lawyers that were protected by attorney-client privilege. In several instances, however, Clinton's team pointed to information in FBI interviews or other public records that provide at least partial answers to the queries.
The State Department filed its own response Monday, largely backing Clinton's resistance to additional questioning.
Fried rice makes my heart sing. Now this fried rice isn't going to win any accolades among those who value authenticity. In fact, I'm hesitant to even call it fried rice because there's no actual frying happening.
As with most of our backpacking recipes, this meal just requires adding water, simmering, and some stirring. However, it definitely captures the essence of fried rice despite the lack of wok action. The one thing that would bring this meal together and make it even more legitimate is the addition of eggs, but I omit them because they take up a fair amount of space (and because I had none on hand…). Not only that, freeze dried eggs can be expensive and since eggs aren't a main ingredient it's cheaper and easier to leave it out altogether. Don't fret though, there's plenty of protein in the chicken.
The most difficult part of this backpacking recipe might be the sesame oil, which I've turned into a paste. Getting it into paste form isn't actually necessary, but is particularly useful because while you might carry a bottle of olive oil to use as a calorie boost, carrying a separate bottle of sesame oil isn't practical and using only sesame oil would significantly change flavor of your other meals. For this dinner, the sesame oil is a necessary taste and flavor component, but we only need a small amount.
Because it's unlikely you'll be using enough sesame oil throughout a trip to carry a whole bottle's worth, and I've never seen it sold in single-serving packets, we need to find a way to bring just the right amount. The two most convenient options are making your own single serve packets by vacuum packing or transporting it in the smallest container available. Despite those very reasonable options I choose to take a page from Grant Achatz and delve into the world of molecular gastronomy, minus the culinary part.
In short, I mix sesame oil with maltodextrin (N-Zorbit M) and it magically turns into a paste. Keep your eyes peeled for a future blog post that goes into in more detail.
Carrying a small amount of sesame oil in a container while backpacking creates a large amount of bulk and unnecessary weight, moreover, it has the possibility of leaking. If you vacuum pack your own single-serving of sesame oil it's lighter than a container but can possibly be punctured and create a mess. The only reason for all this hocus pocus boils down to avoiding extra weight and achieving cleanliness.
If the baggy containing the sesame oil paste happens to spring a leak, nothing happens. The maltodextrin holds the oil in an incredibly viscous state so it won't seep out. It also allows you to add it into the same bag that holds all the other dry spices that are added at the very end.
Another mystical food magic you can leverage is instant rice, or minute rice, instead of dehydrating your own. This will save a significant amount of prep time and cook time. There's something in the way minute rice is made that doesn't require nearly as much simmering as dehydrated rice. However, part of the deliciousness of fried rice is that it's made with jasmine rice. Which is typically not the same thing as instant rice, but who are we kidding, it'll all taste great out on the trail!
So fire up your stove, make this recipe, whip up some sesame noodles, and become a trail angel serving up delicious take-out-esque goodness.
In January I published a half-finished thought-piece on the old question of how to do nested views in AngularJS. That article was originally a reply to a thread on the AngularJS mailing list. In retrospect and after some feedback I want to elaborate on some points.
What was the problem again?
I argued that people should not look to views to build their app but make use of directives instead. Views are a mechanism, provided by AngularJS through the $route service to bind a URL to a controller instance and additional parameters as well as a Template that is injected into the DOM at a point designated by the ngView directive.
There is also the UI-Router module from Angular-UI that provides the ability to nest views inside of each other to allow a little more elaborate structures than Angular core. In UI-Router the directive that goes into the DOM is named uiView and “views” are called “states” and are a bit more powerful than Angular core view but largely it's the same concept.
Original Intention
Beginners coming to AngularJS are often confused about how to structure their Apps. AngularJS and the documentation provide little guidance in this regard and someone looking for answers will quickly stumble upon ngView and get the impression that it is the way to structure your app.
The original idea behind my post was to direct attention back to directives and to get people to use them for as many things as possible because in a lot of the documentation out there directives treated as last-resort-options for special cases when the opposite is true!
Directives are the core building block of an Angular app. Use them to insert whatever structure or behavior you need in your app. Views are merely a shortcut for very simple use-cases.
Capabilities of Views and Directives
There is no difference, everything you can do with nested directives, you can do with nested views
This is the main objection I received in response to the original post. The answer to this is both yes and no, depending on your situation. Let's first look at the case where it's yes:
This would be a fairly simple App without any fancy behavior beyond what is offered by AngularJS built-in directives. You can split your app into a small number of modules, likely representing CRUD behavior on a REST backend, a couple of lists, forms etc. The code required to attach your data to your scope fits neatly into the controllers for each view. You can derive the entire view state of your application from the URL and the data in your models.
This architecture breaks down as soon as your try anything more sophisticated. Imagine a couple improvements: For your lists, you want endless scrolling. To implement that you have to write a directive that generates a scrolling container, checks for the scroll position and reloads data as necessary. You might have some collapsible boxes containing filters for your list view and you want the dates in the table be displayed in relative terms.
The scroll position, the collapsed-state of the boxes are all part of your view state, but not necessarily something you want to encode in the URL. Tiny directives that update the DOM locally (keeping the relative timestamps up-to-date for example) are even something that can't be done at all with views. For performing tasks like this you need directives.
What's more important though, is the apps structure. Due to the nature of the DOM, your application is always a tree of components. The entirety of the data in your scopes determines which components are displayed and how they look and behave.
The URL however is not a tree, it's a linear list, thus can only be used to store the state of the list of components from the app root to one leaf-node. You could have /appState/Astate/Bstate/Cstate or /appState/Astate/Bstate/Dstate but not meaningfully represent the states of both C and D in the URL.
(Smartass-Warning No 1: Of course you can throw in objections now that you could represent trees in a linear fashion or encode arbitrary byte strings in the URL and represent whatever you want there. But that's far beyond what $route /UI-Router offer.)
(Smartass-Warning No 2: You could also replace state in the URL with tuples of state (exactly what UI-Router calls “Multiple named views”) whenever you have fixed tuples of components ( C and D in the example), but that only holds as long as the tuples are predetermined. But if you do that you could also just treat them as a single component.)
View-Containers are meaningless, separated from their semantics through the routes.
The other, secondary gripe that I have with UI-Routers nested views is that they violate another core idea of AngularJS: Your DOM is the main place to describe the structure of your app. Reading a template should give you an idea of what goes where. If you want to edit a user, put a <edit-user user="user"/> directive into your template:
A reader will immediately see what that directive does and what data it depends on.
If you write the directive correctly it will be location independent, you can place it somewhere else in your app, as long as you pass in a user through the attribute it will work.
Using views litters you templates with meaningless containers, outsourcing the actual purpose of every view into the routes/states defined elsewhere. If you nest routes, the context of every view becomes implicit, it is harder to move them around and the only way to pass data into a view is through the scope.
An example for this scenario: suppose you have the user-editor <edit-user user="user"/> , it will be trivial to edit two users next to each other: <edit-user user="user1"/><edit-user user="user2"/> and a few lines of CSS to arrange them visually and you're done.
But URLs make the web what it is, you do want to bind your application state to the URL!
If you rely solely on the URL to store your application state you limit the complexity of what you can store. This is not necessarily bad! Quite the contrary, the simpler your app the better. But be aware of the limitations and implications of your architecture and make decisions like these consciously.
Also, embrace directives, they're cool.
Directives are cool.
Ahiza Garcia, CNN Money - (CNN) -- For low-income families, the discounts shoppers get from buying in bulk are often out of reach -- forcing them to pay more for everyday items like toilet paper.
That's one of the findings of a recent study from the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business, which analyzed toilet paper purchases among 100,000 U.S. households over the course of seven years.
Researchers found that low-income families were less able to afford the higher upfront cost of buying items in bulk than households with higher incomes. For example, 36 rolls of two-ply paper might cost about $15, but an individual roll of one-ply paper might cost only $1.
The inability to buy in bulk can hurt a low-income family's budget in more ways than one, researchers found. Because low-income families can't afford to stock up, they have to shop more often. This means they miss out on sales -- when the toilet paper runs out, you can't wait for it to go on sale to buy more.
The researchers found that low-income households -- those making below $20,000 a year -- made just 28.3% of their toilet paper purchases on sale, while families making more than $100,000 took advantage of sales nearly 40% of the time.
One way low-income families did try to save on toilet paper was to buy cheaper brands.
The study also looked at the timing of the purchases.
During the first week of each month, when many low-income families had just received their paychecks or monthly food stamps, they were more likely to take advantage of deals and purchase bulk items than during the rest of the month, the researchers found. Households with higher incomes, meanwhile, could afford these discounted goods throughout the month.
"Our findings suggest it's not that poor households can't do the math or are financially inept," professor Yesim Orhun said in an interview. "They can be frugal. They take the better deal, when they can afford to."
Orhun and Ph.D. student Mike Palazzolo focused on toilet paper because everyone uses it and it's hard to go without. Toilet paper is also used at a steady rate, there isn't a close substitute for it and it's nonperishable, so households can stock up on it. It's also an item that's frequently discounted by stores.
While the study only looked at toilet paper purchases, Orhun points out that most of the items at the grocery store can be stored and bought in bulk. Things like dish soap, laundry detergent, chips, rice and soft drinks are all cheaper in bulk.
Limited access to supermarkets and discount stores, which contributes to the idea that poor people end up paying more for things or the "poverty penalty," is one of the biggest problems facing low-income neighborhoods.
But the study suggests that low-income families can't always afford bulk or sale items in the stores that they do have access to.
Low-income families might benefit more from such things as sales at the beginning of the month or financing options, like a line of credit or payment plans. Unlike with TVs or other big ticket items, most stores don't usually offer financing options for staples such as toilet paper.
CNNMoney (New York)
NEW YORK—Sources at Columbia University Medical Center reported Sunday that cardiac surgeon Dr. Robert Klinge, 44, was putting off an impending coronary bypass procedure by cleaning the entire hospital. “I know that guy's arteries are a mess, but so are the linens in the pediatric ward,” Klinge said following a morning of procrastination in which he had vacuumed the ER, taken out the hospital's recycling, and sorted multiple trays of scalpels, adjusting the implements carefully until they were lined up perfectly parallel. “If I don't clean this stuff now, I'll spend the whole surgery focusing on how the floor could use mopping and the cafeteria windows need to be washed. Besides, I can always get up really early tomorrow and do the bypass then.” At press time, Klinge was reportedly applying a fresh coat of paint to the hospital's loading dock and did not hear the intercom call indicating a “code blue” in the cardiac wing.
Advertisement
It should be a time of celebration for Under Armour, which is in position to celebrate a second-straight championship with leading endorser Stephen Curry. However, Twitter and the sneaker community aren't playing along.
Recently, the company unveiled the 2-time MVP's all-white Curry Two low-top dubbed "Chef" in reference to his nickname. The shoes are making the rounds virally, but not the way Under Armour hoped they would.
If you're on Twitter right now, you've probably scrolled past this soon-to-be infamous shot of the Curry Two Low, accompanied by a hilarious nickname. The shoes are being likened to those worn by the elderly, nurses, mall dads and Trump supporters. And yes, they did get the Michael Jordan crying treatment. See some of the best jokes below.
"Let me speak to your manager" 5s. pic.twitter.com/v4KxNAxxQp — Sedulous Lee (@TonyLee_) June 9, 2016
Bible study 4s pic.twitter.com/i2JbBwpw0I — Trillery Clinton (@BleesusCrice) June 9, 2016
I was told by Apple Care 7s pic.twitter.com/kYbZuVv3mG — Trillery Clinton (@BleesusCrice) June 9, 2016
Gout game 12s pic.twitter.com/kYbZuVv3mG — Trillery Clinton (@BleesusCrice) June 9, 2016
"Yes, officer. Right here. I saw everything" 7s pic.twitter.com/XILBj2I6yi — Larry Beyince (@DragonflyJonez) June 9, 2016
"All Lives Matter 14s" pic.twitter.com/GWNUu1Tjdb — diz dhe hackrz (@RobIsRandomAF_6) June 9, 2016
"Piers morgan raises some valid points" 7s pic.twitter.com/rTDdxfp3P6 — Desus Nice (@desusnice) June 9, 2016
"Make America great again" 4s pic.twitter.com/2NTTsQoHh5 — GUCCI WOMANE LAFLARE (@coldestwinters) June 10, 2016
The "Why don't girls like me I'm a nice guy?" 4s pic.twitter.com/sYC7KMgGis — whos mans (@lyleito) June 10, 2016
The "and what about the troops?" 4s pic.twitter.com/WMZoOa3P4v — #TheGreatest (@TheLakerLion) June 10, 2016
Polygrip 7s pic.twitter.com/LDs8nr0deE — Charlie in the Tree (@Cognac_Phd) June 10, 2016
I Hope No One Is In Our Seats 3s pic.twitter.com/d9AlddKQfC — Ego Mortensen (@BerttBronson) June 10, 2016
Pop Warner coach 11s pic.twitter.com/djQyve2kJh — Brosef Malone (@BrosefMalone) June 10, 2016
You are awesome Internet, just awesome pic.twitter.com/m6aZKYSVu5 — Forever Trill (@mccauley318) June 10, 2016
5:2 Diet Recipe for Three Ingredient Banana Pancakes:
Hurrah! I've actually hit my target weight (60kg) through the 5:2 diet and am now theoretically maintaining by doing a mixture of one fast day a week and something called 16:8 where I eat within an eight-hour window. But, it's Christmas and I'm fully anticipating gaining a kilo or two over the festive season. You only have to look at the lovely goodies I've already got to realise this isn't going to be a slimline holiday. So I'm practising some 5:2 diet recipes like this one for three ingredient pancakes that I think might help to tide me over when I crave sweet things
I'm trying my best though because I don't want to reach the new year and find I've undone all the good of 2013. I'm following a simple exercise routine 5 days a week – about half an hour a day. And I'm experimenting a bit with recipes that will allow me to feel self-indulgent without being too naughty. These three ingredient pancakes (you'll find some recipes that only use two of the three ingredients here) are utterly delicious and while you can sin and eat the whole lot, half the quantity in the recipe with some fresh fruit and Greek yoghurt and just a tiny bit of honey makes a dessert you can have even on a 5:2 diet fast day
Of course, if you treat yourself to a spoon of melted honey and some rum infused raisins as I did you'll add an extra 60-70 calories. Even so, the basic recipe is a mere 160 calories for the lot (80 calories if you eat 3 pancakes), so you might just get away with it. If you want a lighter option, a handful of fresh berries and a teaspoon of low-fat Greek yoghurt will work a treat too.
4.67 from 3 votes Print Three ingredient Banana Pancakes – Diet recipe for 5:2 Fast Day Prep Time 5 mins Cook Time 5 mins Total Time 10 mins Course: Breakfast Cuisine: American Keyword: banana, breakfast, low-calorie, pancake Servings : 1 -2 Calories : 80 kcal Authors : Fiona Maclean Ingredients 1 Medium Banana
1 Small Egg
1 pinch Baking Powder Instructions Mash the banana with a fork. Try to get a mixture which is just slightly lumpy - you don't want a 'puree' and nor do you want large pieces of banana. It's best to use a slightly over-ripe banana for these pancakes. Sprinkle over the baking powder and mix well. Beat the egg in a separate bowl until the yolk and white are well mixed and then add the egg to the banana and baking powder. Don't add all the egg at once, the mixture should be about the thickness of creme fraiche - if it's too runny you've added too much egg and you may find the result is closer to an omelette than a pancake! Heat a non-stick skillet or frying pan over a medium heat (or lightly grease if you don't have a non-stick pan) Drop about a tablespoon of the mixture into the pan and let it spread. Continue making small pancakes (this quantity should make 5 or 6). It's important to make small drop pancakes. If necessary you can cook these in batches and keep them warm in the oven for 10 minutes or so. Cook for about 2 minutes till the bottom of the pancakes are set and have started to go golden brown and there are little bubbles rising from the baking powder. Flip the pancakes over and cook for a further minute. Serve drizzled with a teaspoon of honey or with fresh fruit and creme fraiche or greek yoghurt
Now, this isn't my recipe. It's a little like the cauliflower pizza, cauliflower rice and courgetti that most of us following the 5:2 diet tries at some time. I believe it has its origin in the Paleo diet, which cuts out processed foods entirely. There are all sorts of variations on the theme, of which the simplest is just two ingredients, whilst three ingredient versions sometimes include flour of various sorts or, like the recipe above, a little baking powder to make a fluffy pancake. I tried this two ingredient banana pancake and to be honest it was a little flat. And I didn't want to add in flour if it wasn't needed. So, the three-ingredient version I've used here is adapted from this recipe. My recipe made 6 small pancakes which were more than enough for me on a normal (non-fast) day, but of course, you could easily double the quantities to make more pancakes.
It's a great recipe for a 5:2 diet fast day because the protein in the egg will help to stave any hunger pangs.
So, how will you top your three ingredient banana pancakes?
Thinking of trying? Why not pin this recipe for later…
coffee, walnut and banana ice-cream sundae
The European Union is stepping up attempts to counter fake news spread by the Kremlin. According to an EU Foreign Affairs and Security Policy spokeswoman, the bloc's East Stratcom Task Force will be getting additional employees in 2017 - just as France and Germany face major elections.
Up until now, the East Stratcom Task Force says it has concentrated on Eastern Europe, trying to create what it calls a "positive EU narrative" in the region by explaining policy, while analyzing disinformation trends and "busting myths." But recently it has also been correcting more and more Germany-related stories - not least the false but much-shared Breitbart story claiming that a mob of Muslims had burned down Germany's oldest church in Dortmund on New Year's Eve.
It also debunked a story published in late December by the Russian state news agency RIA Novosti claiming that 700,000 Germans were leaving the country every year because of Chancellor Angela Merkel's refugee policy. This was also untrue (official government statistics say that around 150,000 people emigrate from Germany per year in total, and their motivations are not recorded). The falsehood was not surprising, given that the source of the number quoted by RIA Novosti was not an official authority, but the leader of the anti-Islam movement Pegida, Lutz Bachmann.
A firework that struck an old church in Dortmund sparked a fake news story
Sisyphean task
There is a network of people and organizations (such as Stopfake.org, which concentrates specifically on disinformation about Ukraine) that refer false news stories to East Stratcom, whose staff investigate and write "disproof" statements - which are being turned into a searchable multilingual online database.
The task force, part of the European External Action Service (EEAS), was set up in March 2015 specifically to "address Russia's ongoing disinformation campaigns." It is a relatively modest operation - ten staff members gather the fake news and then release their debunking in a weekly newsletter.
"The scale of the challenge was never commensurate to our resources," one EU official, who wished to remain anonymous, told DW. "You need to understand the resources that are being put into this from the Russian side."
There have been many reports of Russian state-backed "troll factories" being used to spread disinformation. But it is difficult to trace specific fake stories to the Russian government, and since East Stratcom does not quantify its data, and relies on a disparate network to find the stories, it almost never has evidence that the Kremlin is behind any particular fake news story.
Christian Stöcker, professor of digital communication at Hamburg University of Applied Sciences and former "Der Spiegel" journalist, had his doubts about how effective the task force might be - not least because many people are likely to see it as a propaganda tool for the EU. "The question of whether people who respond to fake news are open to different interpretations and corrections is open," he said. "There's probably a proportion that can't be reached anymore at all."
Russian flags have been spotted at Pegida demos
"But with the volume of misinformation that we're seeing right now, basically every hand is welcome," Stöcker told DW. "It's not easy for news organizations or NGOs to put up the resources that you need to actually debunk all this crap. So if the EU is willing to spend some money there just providing facts and not opinions or interpretations or whatever, it's a welcome addition to a worthy cause."
Russian connection to far-right?
Germany is no stranger to fake news. Stöcker says similar fake stories - often about alleged crimes by refugees - have been spread in Germany since mid-2015. In January 2016, reports that a 13-year-old Russian girl was raped by a migrant in Berlin were widely circulated even after she admitted to making up the story. It also prompted criticism of the Berlin police from Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov: "The news that she disappeared was kept secret for a very long time," he told a press conference.
"Will the volume of this increase in 2017? I think it will," said Stöcker. "And the people who are spreading this information obviously have a strong incentive to influence the outcome of the general election."
But the origins are often very hard to trace. Sometimes German far-right groups have been identified as the source, but whether Russia is behind them is hard to tell. "There are a variety of right-wing conspiracy publications, like 'Epoch Times' for example, in the German media landscape, and you don't really know where their funding comes from," he said. "But there is certainly a new development in Germany that some people with far-right attitudes seem to have a great love for the Russian government."
Instead of the"Sisyphean task" of debunking the tidal wave of fake news, Stöcker suggested East Stratcom might try another strategy: "What would be necessary is to really follow the money and prove that these publications are run or funded or otherwise supported by Russian entities. And I don't think that has happened."
National Flag of Peru
Country: Peru
Proportions: 2:3
Peruvian Flag Description:
The flag of Peru consists of three equal sized vertical stripes - the left and right stripes are red and the middle one is white. Peru also has a state flag which incorporates the shield from the national coat of arms in the middle of the flag
Peruvian Flag Meaning:
The red stripes represent the blood spilt for Peruvian freedom; while the white stands for peace.
Peruvian Flag History:
The Peruvian flag was adopted on February 25, 1825, making it one of the world's oldest flags. Peru gained independence from Spain on July 28, 1821 and a red and white flag diagonally divided into four sections was adopted. The Peruvian flag was modified to a red-white-red horizontal design in 1822 and it was adopted in 1825.
Interesting Peruvian Flag Facts:
The flag of Peru was designed by José de San Martín, who hailed from Argentina. San Martin was a general and the prime leader of southern South America's successful fight for independence from Spain. Together with Simón Bolívar from the north, San Martín is regarded as one of the liberators of Spanish South America. He is a national hero of Argentina.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani teen shot by the Taliban for championing girls' education, and US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden have been nominated for the European Parliament's prestigious Sakharov human rights prize.
Malala, who has become emblematic of the fight against the most radical forms of Islamism, is backed by the three main political groups in parliament, making her a favourite for the award.
Snowden, the US contractor who revealed widespread spying by the United states on friends and foes alike and who has sought asylum in Russia, has been nominated by the Greens and a far left group.
A parliament statement Tuesday also named the Standing Man group, activists behind the Taksim Square protests in Istanbul in June which upset the accepted view that Turkey was on the smooth path to lasting political stability.
The other nominees are jailed Ethiopian journalist Reeyot Alemu and Eskinder Nega, Belarus political prisoners Ales Belyatsky, Eduard Lobau and Mykola Statkevich, and jailed former Russian oligarch and Putin-foe Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
Also nominated is the CNN Freedom Project, a global media campaign to raise awareness on human trafficking.
The winner of the prize will be announced in October.
Last year's award went to detained Iranians, lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and film-maker Jafar Panahi, to honour those “standing up for a better Iran.”
Past winners of the 50,000-euro ($65,000) prize include South African anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela and former UN secretary general Kofi Annan.
