The Environmental Protection Agency is the latest Obama bureaucracy exposed for embarrassing efforts to avert transparency. Its administrator, Lisa Jackson, has been using the email alias "Richard Windsor" to conduct agency business, which might allow some policy conversations to avoid scrutiny and circumvent public records laws.
So far, the EPA has offered a two-part defense of such accounts, first revealed in my new book, "The Liberal War on Transparency." First, everybody does it: "For more than a decade, EPA administrators have been assigned two official, government-issued email accounts: a public account and an internal account." Second, the masses made us do it: the overwhelming volume of mail an administrator would receive from the public meant she needed an account she would actually read and write from.
Both excuses, though slight on detail, prove too much.
Consider what lies behind the anodyne phrase "for more than a decade." While researching my book, I discovered a 2008 EPA memo to the national archivist reporting a records management problem. The agency had discovered "secondary" nonpublic email accounts for EPA administrators instigated earlier, under and with the active participation of Clinton-era EPA administrator Carol Browner.
That is remarkable because in 2000, a federal court ordered Browner to preserve her records -- specifically her email -- in a lawsuit filed by Mark Levin's Landmark Legal Foundation. Although she later pled ignorance of the order, the next morning Browner instructed EPA information technology staff to erase her hard drive and backup tapes, as a computer contractor later testified.
Her defense for having records destroyed was that she didn't use her computer for email.
You can imagine my surprise, then, to read of her involvement in arranging what is fairly described as a secret email account. The April 11, 2008, memo that I obtained acknowledges that Browner had such an account, and that such accounts were initiated for the first time under her because it would be impractical to correspond with an email account whose address was known to the public.
This, and that she had assisted in creating the account also raised further questions about her explanation for having her computer's history erased.
The reason EPA was required to report to the archivist was that its technicians found that these accounts were set on "auto-delete," destroying all records 90 days after they were last modified. As such, EPA said, it was difficult but not impossible to reconstruct the accounts' activity. The agency did reconstruct some administrators' emails by finding copies sent to or received from the accounts by others in the agency, but they made no effort to reconstruct Ms. Browner's account.
Their reason was that "Former Administrator Browner reportedly did not use her secondary email account, therefore there was no loss of records."
Note that conclusion is simply an assertion, one EPA elected not to check.
It would seem worthwhile to check, given the massive, costly operation that Browner's cyber-bonfire created. On its face, this destruction of records seemingly violates the U.S. criminal code (Title 18 Section 2071). The same court ordered thousands of hard drives examined in search of Browner's. Once it was found, the FBI conducted a forensic examination leading only to the conclusion that her hard drive had indeed been "reformatted."
There are further reasons why this matters for Obama's administrator Jackson. Has EPA in fact been searching for and producing from the "Richard Windsor" account to satisfy Freedom of Information requests for Jackson's emails? They say yes, but I have found reasons to demand verification (which Congress has also requested).
One reason is a demonstrated bureaucratic practice of inventing excuses to not search or produce certain files when they don't want them released. Another is that Obama officials have moved government over to private email accounts, private computers and even privately owned and managed servers. All of these acts indicate a desire to hide what the supposedly most transparent administration in history is up to.
Finally, for some reason EPA continues to stonewall our request for Jackson's "Windsor" emails about the war on coal and backdoor efforts to make electricity rates, in President Obama's words, "necessarily skyrocket."
EPA owes a lot of answers. So far, all it has offered are excuses.
Christopher Horner is a senior fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute and author of the recently published book "The Liberal War on Transparency."
Spread the love
Kodiak, AK – On Wednesday, September 16, 28-year-old Nicholas Pletnikoff was checking his mail when he was approached by Kodiak police Officers Phillip Christman, Kathleen Gambling and Sergeant Francis de la Fuente. The encounter resulted in an incident that many community members are calling a case of excessive force.
According to Police, the officers were responding to a report of a man breaking into cars when they approached the 28-year-old autistic man. As officer Christman noted in his report,
“On approached [sic], I yelled for the subject to stop or I would pepper spray him. I then saw it was Nicholas Pletnikoff, who I recognized from personal contacts, and put my pepper spray away and pulled my handcuffs out to try to detain him.”
Instead of attempting to de-escalate the situation with a man, who the officer knew was mentally disabled, he proceeded to grab Pletnikoff when he didn't answer their questions. Nicholas, most likely not fully understanding the situation due to his disability, exercised a natural human reaction by resisting his kidnapper. Unfortunately, when your would-be attackers wear a badge, there is always a guaranteed escalation of force.
In response to him failing to immediately submit to their authority, officers quickly tackled Nicholas, repeatedly drove his head into the pavement and, after a brief struggle, deemed it necessary to pepper spray the innocent, autistic man.
After police failed to respond to their inquiries, Nicholas' family hired attorney Josh Fitzgerald. On Thursday, a judge ordered Kodiak police to release the video of the incident in response to a lawsuit filed by the family.
Below is the video, which police had previously refused to release. Notice how the officer asks him for ID, despite knowing that he is Nick Pletnikoff. The screams of “I'm sorry” and “I want to go home” are horrifyingly similar to the video of Kelly Thomas.
A second video shows the tense aftermath when officers are confronted by Nicholas' mother Judy Pletnikoff, who immediately instructs the officers to remove the handcuffs from her son and informs them that she is taking him home.
Although Nicholas was subjected to this level of force at the hands of police, he was not charged with any crime. City officials also stated that an investigation into the incident determined that the officers acted “professionally” and the level of force used was “minimal and necessary under the circumstances in order to maintain officer and community safety.”
Following this act of police violence, local resident Brent Watkins responded by staging a silent protest in front of the Kodiak police station holding a sign that stated simply “Heroes don't beat up handicap kids.” When reached for comment Watkins remarked of Nicholas,
“Oh, he's a heck of a kid. Always pleasant, always ready to say ‘hi,' greets you if he knows you. But he can't express himself really well, and that's where things went south.”
Judy Pletnikoff has also been vocal about her displeasure with the way her son was treated. When asked about Nicholas' condition following the incident she said,
“He's afraid. Definitely afraid of figures of authority and figures in the police. He's definitely changed by it. But my biggest concerns are how to get him back to his former considerate, reasonable, happy self.”
This act of senseless violence is far from an isolated incident. In June of 2015, police were caught on video using a mentally ill man as “batting practice” repeatedly thrashing him with a torrent of baton strikes.
In addition to brutalizing the disabled, police have also become notorious for immediately resorting to deadly force when they confront mentally challenged individuals. Just last month we reported on the story of Michael Noel, whose mother had called 911 for medical help for her schizophrenic son, only for police to arrive and tragically gun him down.
The truly staggering numbers behind this trend were recently exposed by the Virginia-based Treatment Advocacy Center in their study, Overlooked in the Undercounted: The Role of Mental Illness in Fatal Law Enforcement Encounters. This shocking report found that the mentally ill have a 1,600% higher chance of being killed by police than average citizens.
Until Police are required to obtain training in dealing with the mentally disabled, this horrible trend will persist. It is time for us to demand a higher standard for ALL public servants.
Johnny Liberty is a researcher and investigative journalist. You can follow him on Twitter @LibertyUnltd
Ideological consistency is a rare commodity in politics.
Consider the federal Conservatives. They preach government austerity, then hand out $50,000-plus bonuses to deputy ministers. They talk about openness but practise secrecy. And they tout Senate reform while tolerating entitlement.
It also turns out the Conservatives haven't been particularly fiscally conservative when it comes to doling out farm subsidies.
Story continues below advertisement
There is a "statistically significant positive relationship" between Conservative power and subsidies to farmers dating back three decades in Canada, according to a new paper by University of Guelph economist John Cranfield and graduate students Tor Tolhurst and Shuang Li.
The study – Are Governments of the Right Leviathan for Agriculture? – is slated to be presented next month at the Agricultural and Applied Economics Association annual meeting in Washington, D.C.
The researchers tracked the number of Conservative-held seats and annual subsidies to farmers from 1986 to 2010, using figures on direct and indirect government support compiled by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. They also controlled for such factors as farm prices, trade deals and the government's fiscal position.
Over that period, subsidies in Canada have ranged between more than $8-billion (U.S.) to slightly less than $6-billion. Government support totalled $6.9-billion in 2011.
The main beneficiaries of government support are Canadian dairy, poultry and egg producers, who set their own prices and are protected from most foreign competition by prohibitively high tariffs. There are also numerous "risk management" programs aimed at shielding farmers from such setbacks as disease, bad weather and high feed costs.
Canada isn't a particularly big spender compared with most other developed countries. Subsidies and indirect transfers accounted for 14 per cent of gross farm receipts in 2011, compared with the 19-per-cent average among OECD countries. Government support makes up more than half of what farmers pocket in at least four countries – Japan, South Korea, Norway and Switzerland.
The politics of farm subsidies have long puzzled economists. Agriculture accounts for an ever-shrinking share of economic output in most developed countries. But subsidies continue to flow at very high levels.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In Canada, for example, agriculture accounts for less than 2 per cent of gross domestic product and roughly 9 per cent of exports.
The number of farmers also continues to dwindle. There were 12,529 dairy farms in 2012, a fraction of the more than 100,000 that existed when the supply management system was established in the early 1970s. Every year, another roughly 200 farms disappear as the industry consolidates in fewer hands.
The Guelph researchers suggest one explanation for the paradox of a shrinking farm population and enduring political clout. Farmers are socially conservative, but fiscally liberal when it comes to their own interests.
"At the margin, transfers gain more votes than they lose," the authors conclude, making the political calculation a no-brainer.
Another paper being presented at the Agricultural and Applied Economics Association meeting comes to a similar conclusion, examining why members of the U.S. Congress consistently back protectionist agricultural policies.
Duke University economist Marc Bellemare and political scientist Nicholas Carnes investigated agriculture-related votes from 1999 to 2009 to determine what factors drive the behaviour of politicians.
Story continues below advertisement
"The one explanation that almost always explains support for agricultural protection is the electoral pressure a legislator faces, i.e., the proportion of her constituents who are farm owners or farm managers," the authors concluded.
In the end, the study determined that pressure at the polls is more important than lobbying and other influences. The result is that farmers wield out-sized influence, even in relatively small numbers.
In Canada, for example, there are only 13 ridings with more than 300 dairy farms – ridings with an average of 80,000 registered voters.
And yet the government remains firmly committed to supply management. In 2005, all 308 MPs in the House of Commons voted to back the protective regime in future trade negotiations.
Prof. Bellemare and Prof. Carnes point out that farmers are politically powerful because the vast majority of other voters are oblivious to what protecting farmers actually costs them.
Canadians and Americans alike are largely unaware of what their own governments spend on farmers, and what it costs them at the grocery store.
Story continues below advertisement
If they knew, the political love affair with farmers might fade.
by Butler Shaffer
Recently by Butler Shaffer: Schools as Black-Holes
"He knows what he's doing — we trained him."
~ Charlie Beck, Los Angeles Chief of Police
Los Angeles police officers and administrators continue to look over their shoulders, fearing the sight of one of their former comrades, Chris Dorner, who has threatened to retaliate for his firing from the department in 2008. His contention is that his employment was terminated without required due process, for the offense of reporting an alleged act of brutality by a fellow officer upon a suspect. Dorner — also a former lieutenant in the U.S. Navy — is alleged to have killed three persons with ties to the police system. Angry that his name was tarnished by the LAPD action taken against him, Dorner has written: "You're going to see what a whistleblower can do when you take everything from him, especially his NAME!!!"
For a number of days, Americans have been fixated on this story, which has received far greater attention than would have been the case had a former police officer killed a few teenagers. Indeed, so irrational has been the reaction of some LA area cops that two women delivering newspapers — one a 71-year-old grandmother — had their pickup truck riddled with 30 to 40 bullets fired at them by police officers! Shortly thereafter, another pickup truck was fired at by other police officers who apparently had mistaken the driver for Dorner.
There is nothing comical about people being wounded or killed, but this saga does have a superficial theater-of-the-absurd quality to it, something one might expect from a low-budget Hollywood film. The police system and its lapdog media take seriously any threats or embarrassments to that system or any of its members. According to Dorner, it was his crossing of the "Blue Line" (the unspoken offense of reporting police wrongdoing) that led to his dismissal from the force. Police officers who brutalize or kill what Will Grigg calls the "mundanes" are rarely called to account for their actions.
But the Dorner/LAPD drama goes beyond just the inherently vicious nature of all police systems. The state is, by definition, an agency that enjoys a monopoly on the use of violence within a given territory. As such, those who act to enforce governmental action — be they police officers or the military — are necessarily wrapped up in the exercise of institutionalized violence against people. Grade-school children are trained to chant the mantra "the policeman is your friend" which, out on the streets, is interpreted as "the policeman will probably not hurt you if you obey his every whim and call him u2018sir.'"
It is the entire political system that is characterized by the arbitrariness of violence. While states like to hide behind such abstractions as "constitutions," "bills of rights," "habeas corpus," and other pretended "limitations" on their powers, the harsh reality is that such language is always subject to interpretation, and government officials insist upon being the translators. This is how — and why — the powers of government are given expansive constructions, while supposed limitations on government authority are interpreted very narrowly.
The Bushobama years have revealed to millions of thoughtful minds — particularly those of the younger generation — the fraudulent, corrupt, vicious, and destructive nature of the state. It is increasingly difficult to find young men and women who can recite, with a straight face, the catechism "we are the government." Gandhi's observation that "nonviolence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another" is more widely understood by today's youth than by their grandparents.
I am reminded of the closing scene in Orwell's Animal Farm, where the livestock who had been systematically exploited by the pigs look in the farm house window to see their swinish rulers living it up with the humans from whom the animals thought they had been liberated. Every political system is a conspiracy, enforced by legally-defined violence, by which the few are able to promote their interests at the expense of the many. The Chris Dorner/LAPD theater has become a road-show, allowing many more people to discover the destructive nature of the game being played at their expense.
Dorner's lengthy manifesto is no challenge to Jefferson's Declaration of Independence, Paine's Common Sense, or Thoreau's Civil Disobedience. To minds unaccustomed to complexity — minds that are unable to distinguish explanations of events from justifications — no purpose will be seen in reading his words, or considering them in the context of the political environment in which we live.
In case anyone should fail to understand my point, let me emphasize that there is no justification for Mr. Dorner's physical attacks — or threatened attacks — on others. Whatever degree of anger and resentment he has against the LAPD does not warrant the wounding or killing of members of this group or of any one else.
But for the sake of intelligent thinking, ask yourself this question: where might this man have gotten the idea that his campaign had any legitimacy? Others in the political hierarchy have long been playing out the premises upon which his actions have been undertaken? I have written, for some time, about how our politically-dominated culture is in decline; how the top-down, vertically-structured systems of centralized control are collapsing into horizontal networks of decentralized cooperation. The political establishment continues to forcibly resist such peaceful, liberating transformations, calling upon its appointed sock-puppet, President Bushobama, to use whatever tools of violence at the government's disposal to maintain the established power-structure.
To this end, Bushobama undertook wars against Iraq and Afghanistan — nations whose residents posed no threat to Americans — and extended such brutishness into acts of torture and other forms of degradation against prisoners; imprisoning people without trial; and killing men, women, and children for no other "offense" than the bad judgment of having been born outside the United States! If American presidents are allowed to declare wars against nations of their choosing, why should we be shocked when Mr. Dorner declares war against the LAPD?
It is worthy of attention that, in the same week the Dorner/LAPD matter arose, another Chris — the Navy's most effective sniper, Chris Kyle, credited with the killing of 160 Iraqis — was killed at a shooting range, allegedly by another Marine who suffered from post-traumatic stress syndrome. The federal government recently acknowledged that an average of some twenty-two soldiers and veterans commit suicide every day, a statistic confirming that the human costs of military violence are paid not only by those residing in foreign lands, but by the emotional and spiritual destruction of American warriors.
And while Mr. Dorner was allegedly fulfilling the details of his manifesto, a New York Times editorial was calling into question the reasoning behind President Obama's claimed power to order the killing of American citizens. In what significant ways do the rationales of these two men differ? Doesn't each operate from the premise that there may be persons who need to be killed in order to further important policies; that each man's considered judgment satisfies the legal niceties of "due process?" If presidents can engage in horrific acts against the millions without negative repercussions, why should other persons not feel qualified to emulate such conduct?
Those who have no interest in plumbing the sordid depths to which our culture has descended will find it easy to pass off Dorner's comments as nothing more than the rants of a mentally disturbed man, or to follow the lead of weak-minded men and women who blame inanimate objects — guns — for the violence that dominates our politically-dominated world. Dorner's words do not justify his actions, but they may offer a symptom of what our thinking has made of society and of our relationships to one another. He may be a mirror that reflects the logical extension of our unexamined assumptions about the necessary conditions for social order. The closing comments in this man's manifesto provide more of an explanation of our well-organized destructiveness than what I have heard from others: "I am the walking exigent circumstance you created."
Butler Shaffer Archives
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Chinese Place Names in the Hyperion Cantos
by John Pasden in language
It's been a few weeks since I finished Dan Simmons' sci-fi classic quadrilogy, the Hyperion Cantos. It was a great story, full of grand sweeping ideas, and one thing that got my attention was the repeated use of Chinese names (especially in Book 4).
Anyone studying Chinese might be a little thrown off by the use of the (mostly) Wade-Giles transcription instead of pinyin, but the names are all right out of Chinese history and geography (with a few errors).
Here's a list of all the major ones I caught, with notes following (please leave a comment if I've missed anything):
Hyperion Pinyin Characters Notes Tsingtao-Hsishuang Panna Qīngdǎo-Xīshuāngbǎnnà 青岛西双版纳 [Notes] T'ien Shan Tiān Shān 天山 [Notes] Hsuan-k'ung Ssu Xuánkōng Sì 悬空寺 [Notes] Hua Shan Huà Shān 华山 [Notes] Heng Shan Héng Shān 衡山 / 恒山 [Notes] T'ai Shan Tài Shān 泰山 [Notes] Sung Shan Sōng Shān 嵩山 [Notes] O-mei Shan Éméi Shān 峨眉山 [Notes] Chiu-hua Shan Jiǔhuà Shān 九华山 [Notes] Wu-t'ai Shan Wǔtái Shān 五台山 [Notes] P'u-t'o Shan Pǔtuó Shān 普陀山 [Notes]
Tsingtao-Hsishuang Panna
It seems odd to bring together the city of Qingdao (青岛) and the southern region of Xishuangbanna (西双版纳) into a name for a planet. In fact, the only way they make sense in my mind is drinking a Tsingdao (beer) in Xishuangbanna (a touristy region of Yunnan Province). Maybe that's Simmons' little secret for this planet?
T'ien Shan
Tian Shan (天山) is actually a system of mountains, so it makes sense to use as a name for a mountainous planet. It's also got a nice picturesque name, meaning “mountains of heaven.” Those of us the live in Shanghai might recognize it from the street name: 天山路.
Hsuan-k'ung Su
Normally referred to as the “Hanging Temple” in English, this fantastical Buddhist structure is a real thing, located in China's Shanxi Province.
Hua Shan
Hua Shan (华山) is one of China's “Five Great Mountains,” so it's an obvious candidate for inclusion. Interestingly, at one point in Rise of Endymion the mountain is referred to as “Flower Mountain” (花山), but this is almost certainly a mistake based on similar romanization, considering that there are no obvious candidates from the list of possible 花山s in China, and pretty much all the other mountains listed can be found on this list of the “Sacred Mountains of China.” (There's another Shanghai street name here too.)
Heng Shan
I'm not sure whether Heng Shan refers to 衡山 or 恒山; both are in the list of “Give Great Mountains,” and the pinyin (including tone) is identical. I'm assuming Simmons wisely used one “Heng Shan” for both.
T'ai Shan
Tai Shan (泰山) is another of China's “Five Great Mountains.”
Sung Shan
Song Shan (嵩山) is another of China's “Give Great Mountains.”
O-mei Shan, Chiu-hua Shan, Wu-t'ai Shan, P'u-t'o Shan
The mountains Emei Shan (峨眉山), Jiahua Shan (九华山), Wutai Shan (五台山), and Putuo Shan (普陀山) are China's Four Sacred Mountains of Buddhism, so they're also easy choices. The “flower” translation mistake happens again with 九华山 at one point, and as I final question, does anyone else see “Chiu-hua” an think, “chihuahua”?
It's cool to see a Western author drawing on Chinese names in his world-building, and before you cry “Pander Express!” keep in mind that these novels came out in the 90's.
Feel free to leave a comment if I missed something or you have something to add.
Related Links:
– Hyperion Cantos Wiki
– Hyperion Cantos on Amazon
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Share
If you follow e-readers, you might have seen the post I wrote not long ago detailing and judging the various secondary features e-readers are sporting in order to catch the eye of the spendy book-lover. I am ashamed to say I missed a very important one: extremely low price. I mentioned it in passing, but the truth is that once a device like this creeps below $100 or so while retaining its fundamental function, it gains access to a few different markets, a circumstance worth looking at.
The Kobo e-reader is the spark that set this post off; at $150, this 6″-screen, 0.4″-thin, half-pound device is among the very cheapest e-readers out there, yet Kobo also runs its own bookstore, which has the usual classics and bestsellers — probably 90% of what gets sold for e-readers. It's going to be sold at Borders, and with its modest price tag might make for more of a temptation to browsing customers.
But as long as consumers are being bombarded with promises of Android, touchscreens, cool dual-screen form factors, the Kobo is going to look mighty shabby in comparison. And by the time Kobo gets some press and is widely available, we'll probably be hearing about all the cool stuff that's going to happen next year. What's a cheap, functional e-reader to do?
Sell in bulk. The e-book is a loss leader, right? If someone spends $150 on a reader, you can be sure they're going to get their money's worth by buying at the very least 10 or 20 books and magazines a year with the thing. I don't know why more e-readers aren't being sold at or below cost. Sony made the same mistake with the PS3 — if they truly had a “10-year plan” for their device, why were they so chary of losing money at launch? Nobody is going to buy a PS3 and no games, and nobody is going to buy an e-reader and no books.
We talked in the podcast about the Alex and things like co-branding with publishers and subscription models. I think that in the coming tablet wars, the only way e-books will be able to stay above water is with volume. And in order to have volume, they're going to need to be able to make a real value proposition when there's an iPad or Chrome OS tablet in their customer's hand. As much as I like the Que, for instance, few will buy one at $650 when you can get a tablet computer for far less. Sure, they don't do the same things exactly, but tell that to the consumer looking at full-color e-books on the iPad and desktop-class web apps in Chrome OS. There's only one thing to do: get them prices down!
E-reader sellers have been living in a land of milk and honey for the last year; although their devices are yet unfamiliar to most people and probably aren't selling as well as anyone hoped, they were a class to themselves and people justified spending $350 because “that's just how much these things cost.” This year should change that, and the iPad's strong sales should strike fear into e-readers' hearts. Amazon is already hedging its bets.
What to do? Are they doomed? Hell no. But you better believe they're going to be niche a year or so from now. Once the place of the tablet in a person's tech lifestyle is established, I personally think people will find room for an e-reader, but it's going to be hard to justify spending a lot. To return to the Kobo, however, a cheap device that replaces a whole class of paper books and mass-photocopied lecture notes could be a breakthrough for a University. English majors could probably get by with the 100 free books that come pre-loaded on the thing. Or a teacher-administrated set of locked Kobos in a middle school classroom — no more dog-eared copies of Where the Red Fern Grows: “Choose two heart-rending dog stories from the eight available on your Kobos, children. Your progress will be monitored — and your tears.”
Seriously, though. Kobo, being first and foremost the cheap, basic option out there, should capitalize on that — as far as one can capitalize on being inexpensive. Call up school districts, libraries, universities, and hey why not, government agencies. Think of the amount of paper used in duplicating bills and memos for interns and editors to read! Of course, if any great amount of marking up is required, that's a bust for the Kobo, which has very little in terms of input, but it still could be very useful in the right situations. They've also got apps for the major smartphone platforms, which is a good selling point for big, homogeneous groups like enterprise and government.
The thing is that Kobo needs to bite the bullet and start selling these things for peanuts. If they want to get a leg up on the other e-readers, to say nothing of survive the onslaught of tablets, they need to get a million units out there stat. Apple's got a 10-iPads-for-$4970 deal right now, but to outfit a class of freshmen at that price would bankrupt Croesus. But if Kobo calls up UCLA and says “Psst – special deal for you, my friend, Kobo eighty dollars, you buy at my store,” I think they can guarantee themselves quite a few sales, though it may mean a lot of work by some party in localizing lecture notes and so on to the e-book format. If the state or city won't bite, then offer deep student discounts. Just get them out there.
The gist is this: the only way e-readers are going to stay healthy a year from now is by either being one of the few leading brands (Kindle, nook, etc) who can sell at a premium, or by selling their product in thousand-packs for deep discounts. Schools are the obvious target for this kind of sales tactic, but like the Alex, Kobo could also work with publishers and stores to re-brand and customize, as they're likely doing with Borders. Of course, at this point it's still speculation and guesswork as to the buying patterns of the book-buying public, so we'll see how it turns out, but for a non-premium device like the Kobo, I think the course is clear.
In the wake of Sunday night's mass shooting in Las Vegas that left at least 58 people dead, the attention of those advocating for stricter gun control laws seized on a current debate in Washington. The Hearing Protection Act, sponsored by Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-S.C.), would allow more people to purchase silencers for firearms — which, some argued, would have made the shooting in Vegas much deadlier.
Among those making that case was Hillary Clinton. “The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots,” Clinton wrote on Twitter. “Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.”
But the effect of having a silencer probably would have been negligible. Clinton and others appear to be assuming that silencers — or “suppressors,” as they're known in the industry — work the way that they do in the movies. Screw a little barrel on the end of your pistol, and you can run through enemy headquarters picking off bad guys with no more audio footprint than a little zip.
In reality, trying to suppress an automatic weapon sounds like this.
The gunfire is clearly audible, as our Washington Post fact-checkers noted in March.
The video above features a weapon from Asymmetric Solutions, a firearm training firm based in Missouri. Thomas Satterly, the company's director of development, spoke by phone with The Post to explain why a suppressor wouldn't have silenced the noise of the gunfire in the way Clinton assumed. Satterly is a veteran who served in Somalia in 1993. When we spoke, he was with several friends who served in law enforcement and who contributed their thoughts, as well.
“A suppressor wouldn't have stopped anyone from doing what they did” in Las Vegas, Satterly said, “and definitely wouldn't have hidden the noise of the gunfire.”
A suppressor, he explained, is used to try to hide the location of a shooter by both lowering the sound of the shot and hiding the flash while firing a round [which helps hide location and preserve the shooter's night vision]. You can still hear the shots, as above, but by making it quieter, locating the shooter becomes more difficult. (In Vegas, he noted, the echoes of the gunshots would have done a much more effective job of masking the point of origin.)
Satterly also notes that the actual gunshot — the pin hitting the ammunition — is only one source of sound. Another sound comes from the bullet breaking the sound barrier as it approaches its target. That's not affected by a silencer. In this video — which is loud — you can see the use of subsonic ammunition that travels slower than the speed of sound. Even with a suppressor and subsonic ammunition, the gunshot is still audible.
Those Hollywood scenes in which James Bond takes out a dozen enemies as he makes his way to his target is wrong for another reason: Suppressors don't last forever.
“Back in the day, when we had silencers … you could screw a brand-new silencer on a weapon, and maybe the first two rounds were really suppressed,” Satterly said. “Once you shoot the baffles out” — the rings of rubber that absorb energy in the suppressor — “the sound is almost the same.” As you shoot, in other words, the suppressor loses its effectiveness. Satterly was referring to a handgun, not an automatic weapon. An automatic weapon creates so much heat that it rapidly deteriorates the effectiveness of sound suppression (or simply melts it).
Using a suppressor also changes the effectiveness of the weapon. Firing through a suppressor reduces accuracy. Subsonic ammunition reduces range (because the bullet travels more slowly).
The shooter in Las Vegas fired on a concert from a hotel across the street. Satterly noted that a more effective means of suppressing the sound of those shots would have been to simply stand farther back in the room, letting the sound be absorbed by the room itself instead of escaping in all directions outside the window.
As Satterly pointed out, then, allowing the use of suppressors more widely probably wouldn't have made the tragedy in Las Vegas much worse.
“I can definitely say it wouldn't have changed anything,” he said. “It wouldn't have hidden the sound enough. Again: That's just Hollywood.”
The Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa has been turned into a giant building zone and is a city in transformation, funded both from private and public coffers and driven by the country's recent rapid economic growth
Ethiopia signed a $4 billion deal Wednesday with American-Icelandic company Reykjavik Geothermal to develop a 1000-megawatt geothermal farm, officials said.
When completed, the project to provide energy for both local consumption and export will be the largest source of foreign direct investment in Ethiopia.
"This is an epic moment for all of us... bringing Ethiopia to the forefront of geothermal development," said Reykjavik chief executive officer Gudmundur Thoroddsson.
Three-quarters of the project is funded by Reykjavik Geothermal, backed by private investors, while 25 percent will be borrowed.
Thoroddsson said $40 million (29 million euro) of investment has already been secured.
The geothermal farm -- located 200 kilometres (124 miles) south of the capital Addis Ababa -- will be built in two phases, with the first 500 MW phase to be completed in 2018. The second phase is expected to be finished in 2021.
Thoroddsson said geothermal is an ideal source of energy in Ethiopia, which is vulnerable to erratic weather and oil price fluctuations.
"It's an energy source that is very reliable, always there and is not dependent on weather so it fits very well into the mix," he told reporters.
The energy produced from the project will be used for both local consumption and for export to neighbouring countries, the head of the Ethiopian Electric Power Corporation, Miret Debebe, said.
"Geothermal (is) one of the most attractive renewable energy resources," Miret said, adding that "trade with neighbouring countries will increase significantly".
The project is the first geothermal farm in the Ethiopia, which has a total potential of 3,000 MW of geothermal energy, making it one of the largest geothermal sites in the world.
Iceland-based Reykjavik Geothermal was established in 2008 to develop geothermal resources in "underserved" markets, the company said.
Ethiopia has made heavy investments in green energy projects, including wind, solar and hydropower.
A series of hydropower dams are currently under construction throughout the country, including the 6,000 MW Grand Renaissance Dam on the Nile River, which will be Africa's largest dam when completed in 2017.
Ethiopia has the capacity to produce 45,000 MW of power, more than the total amount currently consumed in all of sub-Saharan Africa, according to official figures.
The government says it wants to transform Ethiopia into a carbon-neutral, middle income country by 2025.
Foreign investments in Ethiopia have mushroomed in recent years, with Chinese, Turkish and Indian companies investing in a range of industries, including manufacturing, agriculture and construction.
ON LAST SATURDAY'S RTÉ panel, Richie Sadlier raised the biggest issue facing our Senior International side; the lack of talent coming through. This worry is compounded by the lack of Irish players playing in the upper half of the ‘big leagues'.
There are a number of causes but fundamentally we haven't had a coherent plan to develop talent at home. We had 32 independent schoolboy leagues, all doing their own thing, rebelling against change. We rode our luck for years, it ran out.
We have relied on the unpopular, though effective, DDSL hoovering up the nation's talented schoolboys, before moving them to UK ‘finishing schools'. At times, the DDSL seemed little more than a meat market for scouts where all the best kids could be seen at once; the Kennedy Cup competition the same. After a few years in DDSL, we sold the kids on and relied on UK clubs to produce an international-standard player. We struggled until they were 16, then we washed our hands.
These days, the amount of money in the UK means their clubs have worldwide scouting networks. Everton's is supported by a technology company in Limerick. Their systems enable Everton's global scouting network to provide real time, on-going analysis and updates on players everywhere in the world. While Irish, and some international, scouts still scour Kennedy Cup and DDSL games, they're a small and increasingly marginalised part of the UK scouting network.
We do not register as a source of high-quality young players. Brendan Rodgers touched on this last year before the Liverpool versus Shamrock Rovers friendly in the Aviva. When Irish kids enter a UK academy, they're already behind kids from the UK and Europe. While Irish kids still travel to UK academies each year, no-one admits the startling numbers that return home heartbroken after failing to earn professional contracts.
We are miles behind the top academies. While at Limerick FC, I was lucky enough to spend some time working with and learning about Ghana's ‘Right to dream' academy, run by the former head of Youth Development at Manchester United. They've been ranked as the 15th best academy in the world. Their kids are schooled full-time from 12 years old, but it's not a hot house, it's a boarding school. Education is as important as football; graduates have chosen scholarships and further education over European football. Others have gone on to play professionally worldwide.
That said, they train and have football-specific classes four hours per day, six days a week. When they travel for international competitions, they win. I saw their u18s annihilate Everton's Premier League Development squad in 2013.
In this environment, the weekly 90 minutes top-up training our ‘emerging talent Elite' kids get can't compete. Nor can the wildly varying direction and levels of training they get from their clubs. The UK is only going to bring a tiny percentage of Irish kids into academies and those players now face unprecedented international competition. The FAI have started to look at what we can control.
Ruud Dokter's plans don't meet with everyone's approval, but at least it's a coherent plan designed to produce players of higher quality. Switching to a summer league? Get kids to focus on football exclusively from 12? So be it; if we qualify for World Cups and European Championships, we're not going to worry whether our players would have been handy hurlers or scrum halves. Up to recent years, we've been winging it, hoping that the UK will do our development. No longer, the UK are worried about themselves, they're struggling to bring their own kids through.
Profile, standards and money dictate that the very best Irish kids will still go to larger clubs in the UK, but that's true of every country with a weaker domestic league than the EPL. What we have to ensure is that the u17, u19 and Senior Leagues here are supported and developed to a level that they can form a genuine part of the pathway to senior international sides. Even if we acknowledge a player won't be called up while playing League of Ireland, we can still produce better players.
It will cost money, but most of Irish football's income is due to the Senior International side, and related to success. Money put towards improved coaching and facilities for young players is investment, not waste. Regional Development Officers across the country being cut is waste. If you're going to take any financial risk in Irish football, it has to be in creating an environment that can continually produce good players.
An Irish eight-year-old has as much potential as an eight-year-old anywhere else in the world, but it's the responsibility of the FAI, the SFAI, the LoI and the football family to ensure that we put structures, support and coaches in places that harness that potential. If we don't, we'll continue to reach tournaments rarely, and by accident, when every other country is doing it by design.
NAIROBI, Kenya (WOMENSENEWS)–Earlier this month church leaders here threatened to mobilize their faithful against a draft of a national constitution if it included language allowing abortions under any circumstance.
"We insist that the constitution must protect all human life, which begins at conception and ends at natural death," said Peter Karanja in a press statement. Karanja is secretary general of the National Council of Churches of Kenya, a powerful political player in this deeply religious country, which includes 24 Christian denominations.
Kenya currently outlaws abortion unless three doctors certify that the pregnancy puts a woman's life in immediate danger.
In a sign of official acknowledgement of the widespread use of illegal abortions, however, post-abortion care is legal and available in hospitals.
In February, Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki, a Catholic, assured church leaders that Parliament would not pass the draft constitution, which is meant to be enacted within the next two years, if it includes any abortion exceptions.
"Most of us in Parliament have made up our minds and we are ready to persuade those who think otherwise," Kibaki said during a bishop's ordination ceremony. "Otherwise we will reject their attempts."
A committee of experts charged with drafting the constitution had placed a provision allowing for abortions under certain emergencies in order to comply with international treaties on human rights that Kenya has signed. The provision would permit abortion if a pregnancy brought danger to life or health of the mother. Such phrasing could be interpreted to allow for the termination of pregnancies that pose both physical risks and psychological ones, such as when a woman has been raped.
Constitution to Curb Presidential Power
A new constitution is being drafted as part of a deal that brought an end to violence in the wake of the 2007 elections, which left more than 1,000 Kenyans dead. Political factions here agreed to enact a new constitution before the next round of elections in 2012 in the hopes that curbing presidential powers would decrease corruption and avert further bloodshed.
While the abortion-related language in the draft varies little from what is currently allowed under Kenya's penal code, its inclusion in the constitution would make the imposition of a complete ban all but impossible and would open the door for more lenient legislation in the future, says a women's advocacy lawyer closely following the matter.
Kenya's Parliament is currently debating the draft of the constitution, including whether to leave the abortion-related provision, which is to be decided upon by the end of this year when Kenyans vote to accept or reject.
The criminalization of abortion in Kenya, combined with the stigma and shortage of legal post-abortion care, leads to the deaths of hundreds or possibly thousands of women each year due to complications of unsafe abortions, the New York-based Center for Reproductive Rights said in a report this month.
"These deaths are a direct consequence of Kenya's abortion law, one of the most restrictive in the world," the report's authors wrote.
Kenyan women portrayed by the report described how they or their relatives or friends suffered illegal abortions from people who accepted small fees in exchange for procedures that used knitting needles, pipes, pens, bleach and malaria pills.
Unable or afraid to seek emergency care in public clinics, many women who undertake such illegal abortions die.
Hospital Mistreatment
Those who sought help in hospitals were often met by nurses and doctors who were corrupt, untrained, ill-equipped or even abusive, finishing incomplete abortions without analgesics or calling women names, according to the report.
The report includes the story of a 14-year-old in the slum of Kibera who had sex with men for less than $2 after her widowed mother was hospitalized for two years. When she became pregnant she underwent an illegal abortion that led to a serious infection. She was too afraid to go to the hospital fearing, erroneously, that she could be jailed. She and her mother tried to treat her infection with topical disinfectant to no avail. She died last July.
Many young women from Kibera are arrested for having abortions, according to the center's report, and few understand that post-abortion care is legal and public hospitals are supposed to provide the service without cost if the patient is unable to pay.
Kenya's Ministry of Public Health told Women's eNews that it hopes to lower the death toll of illegal abortions by both improving and expanding family planning programs and ensuring that when women do suffer complications from illegal abortions, they have access to proper care.
Recently, the government has been training midwife nurse practitioners working outside of urban centers in post-abortion care.
"The country's approach is to try to reduce the need for abortion in the first place and to mitigate the complications when they arise by giving services to the people, by offering comprehensive post-abortion care which is close to the people," said Dr. Josephine Kibaru, who heads the country's Department of Family Health, in an interview.
Focus on Saving Lives
"What we know is that health workers save lives," Kibaru said. "When we talk about maternal mortality, we are trying to save a woman's life. Whether she is bleeding from a post-postpartum hemorrhage or after an unsafe abortion, it is all part and parcel of our work."
Henry Njagi, spokesperson for the National Council of Churches, does not care to acknowledge the problems of dangerous and often fatal abortions flagged by the Center for Reproductive Rights report.
"Our position is that the abortions shouldn't be happening in the first place," he said in a recent telephone interview. "Pregnancies should not be terminated. What is required is education for the women so that they don't get pregnant if they are not interested in getting the baby."
When pressed on the issue of pregnancies in difficult circumstances like rape, Njagi hung up the phone and did not respond to further questions sent via e-mail.
In a section of abortion-related questions on the Web site of the National Council of Churches, Secretary General Karanja responds to one about what happens to a girl who aborts a child. "She is guilty of murder," he says.
A lawyer at Kenya's Federation of Women Lawyers said such attitudes are by no means universal here and that it's still possible to keep the clause protecting a woman's right to an emergency abortion in the constitution.
"There are threats and half truths and falsehoods put out to create religious fear in the people," said the lawyer, who asked not to be named in keeping with the group's policy of only allowing its executive director to be quoted publicly. "But we find that whenever we go out to explain to people the real reasons for allowing abortion they immediately are sympathetic or would support abortion under difficult circumstances."
Zoe Alsop is a freelance journalist based in Nairobi, Kenya.
For more information:
"In Harm's Way: The Impact of Kenya's Restrictive Abortion Law," Center for Reproductive Rights:
http://reproductiverights.org/en/kenyahome
New Delhi: The Narendra Modi government is planning to revamp OBC reservations by creating sub-quotas, in order to ensure that dominant OBC castes do not get all the benefits, Indian Express reported.
According to what government sources told the newspaper, this idea is still at a “very nascent stage”, but is on the agenda of some top-level officials. “There are two potential ways to explore it [the sub-categorisation]. Either through a commission for sub-categorisation/classification on a socio-economic basis within OBCs or by re-constituting the NCBC [National Commission for Backward Classes] with a term of reference for sub-classification,” Indian Express quoted an unnamed source as saying.
These plans have come to light even as the NCBC failed to be granted constitutional status in the monsoon session of parliament, after opposition parties raised various objections to and pressed for amendments. The issue will be raised again in the winter session.
While the Centre has not sub-categorised OBCs before, certain states like Bihar already have a sub-categorised OBC reservation system, or a quota within a quota. If the Centre also moves to such a model, it is likely to face opposition from dominant OBC groups and the regional parties who count on their support, Indian Express reported. However, it may help with the BJP's agenda to try and woo the extremely backward classes.
In Andhra Pradesh (before the creation of Telangana), courts stalled the initiation of an OBC sub-quota system, saying religion-based quotas are not permitted.
If finalised, the Centre's decision will be a significant addition to the Mandal Commission-based OBC reservation regulations.
For 20 minutes, I had been on the phone with Sean Mossman, listening to him talk defeatedly about the status of beer laws in Oklahoma, where brewery taprooms could only sell beer up to 3.2% ABV. The restriction had held back growth of the industry in The Sooner State, he said, because revenue streams enjoyed by so many businesses across the country couldn't be accessed for Oklahoma brewers.
He explained how Oklahoma's best-selling craft beer, their F5 IPA, a 6.8% West Coast-style IPA, helped fuel growth from outside his taproom, where COOP Ale Works and every other brewery in the state could never serve more than 12 ounces worth of samples of “full strength beer.” It constantly led to confused visitors and lost profits.
Oklahoma was set to change that law in August after state legislators and the governor passed SB 424, which would have lifted restrictions on breweries to sell all their beer directly to customers. But the state's alcohol board stepped in days before SB 424 was to become law, saying their own interpretation wouldn't allow for on-premise consumption, a practice that is helping plenty of breweries thrive in today's competitive marketplace.
“What really concerns us is there are a lot of smaller breweries in the early stages of their development that intended to derive significant revenue from their taproom and incurred debt to prepare for this,” said Mossman, director of sales and marketing for COOP.
But in that moment, something changed. From the other side of the phone call, I heard someone talking to Mossman. The voice was excited. I may have heard a clap or holler. At 4:29 p.m. on Aug. 23, Attorney General Scott Pruitt announced the law was going forward. On Aug. 25, COOP would finally be able to sell F5 directly to customers.
“This is pretty awesome,” Mossman said, his tone changed, now upbeat and excited. “It's a big win for all of us, but a bigger win for small guys that needed to be put on a level playing field to compete and grow.”
Our exchange was a perfect example of the fine line many breweries have to walk. Across the country, there are more examples of breweries and taprooms thriving thanks to “own-premise” sales of beer directly on-site at a taproom. But as states crawl toward ending Prohibition-era laws, there are plenty of businesses who are still working within somewhat archaic governmental restrictions.
If we're celebrating the arrival of “own-premise,” these breweries are momentarily left behind, waiting for their invitation to the party.
Brad Crouch has had foot surgery and will be sidelined for about two months
Crows midfielder Brad Crouch will be sidelined for about two months after undergoing foot surgery.
Crouch, who consulted a specialist today, suffered a fracture in his left foot during the first quarter of the NAB Challenge win over Port Adelaide.
Crows Head of Football David Noble said Crouch had been in good form and fitness having completed his first full pre-season since joining the Club.
"Brad has had an unfortunate run with injury in recent years but we know that he will attack his rehabilitation with enthusiasm and look to get back as soon as possible," Noble said.
Crouch, who was runner-up for the AFL Rising Star award in 2013 when he made his AFL debut, has played 25 AFL games.
This article is about the generic term. For other uses, including a list of stations officially known as "Union Station", see Union Station (disambiguation)
Not to be confused with Central station
A union station (also known as a union terminal and a joint station in Europe) is a railway station where tracks and facilities are shared by two or more separate railway companies, allowing passengers to connect conveniently between them. The term 'union station' is used in North America and 'joint station' is used in Europe.
In the U.S., union stations are typically used by all passenger trains serving a city, although exceptions exist. For example, in Chicago, the Illinois Central and Chicago & North Western depots coexisted with Union Station, and although most Metra commuter trains (as do all Amtrak services) continue to use Union Station today, some lines depart from other terminals, such as Millennium Station.
The busiest station to be named "Union Station" is Toronto Union Station, which serves over 72 million passengers annually. [1]
Europe [ edit ]
In most countries in Europe, throughout much of the 20th century, railways have been owned and operated by state enterprises. Where only one railway company exists, there is no need for a "joint station". However, before nationalisation many companies existed and sometimes they had "joint stations". In some cases this persists today. "Joint stations" are often found near borders where two state-owned railway companies meet.
Austria, Germany, and Switzerland [ edit ]
In German-speaking countries, the similar term Gemeinschaftsbahnhof is used in administrative language only; it applies for stations with joint facilities as well as for stations with side-by-side facilities; some border stations also fall under that term. The general public often call them "Hauptbahnhof" (main station), but this is a misnomer, as stations administratively classified as "Hauptbahnhof" need not be served by multiple operators.
Many major stations in Germany are served by various trains operated by incumbent Deutsche Bahn and other railways that operate local passenger trains, sometimes also by railway companies of neighbor states that operate trans-border connections; a special term like union station is usually not used. The stations are generally owned and operated by DB Station&Service.
As another example, Leipzig Hauptbahnhof, the main station of Leipzig, originally consisted of side-by-side parts that were used by the Prussian and Saxonian Railways until the federal Deutsche Reichsbahn was founded in 1920, but were essentially two stations operated separately by the two neighbors.
Bohemia and Moravia [ edit ]
In Bohemia (part of the territory of the Czech Republic today) some stations were called the "společné nádraží" (the common station) before the state took over the private railway companies. "Praha-Smíchov společné nádraží" is to this day the functional name of the second station built in 1872 by the same investor near the first station Smíchov of the Pražská západní dráha (Prague Western Railroad). The new station served as the main marshalling yard of Prague. Three routes flowed into it: Pražská spojovací dráha (the Prague Connecting Railroad, 1872), the extension of Buštěhradská dráha from Hostivice (1872) and Pražsko-duchcovská dráha (the Railroad Prague – Duchcov, 1873). Nowadays the "společné nádraží" forms an unremarkable separate platform of the station Praha-Smíchov, known in timetables as "Praha-Smíchov severní nástupiště" (the northern platform).
"Společné nádraží" was built 1845–1848 at Brno.
"Společné nádraží" was at Železná Ruda as well, station at border Bavaria – Austro-Hungarian Empire. It was in operation 1878–1938.
Nowadays[when?] the largest stations are called "hlavní nádraží" (main station).
United Kingdom [ edit ]
In the United Kingdom, before the railways were nationalised in 1948, stations shared by multiple operators were referred to as "joint stations". This term has occasionally been revived since the railways were returned to the private sector in the 1990s,[citation needed] but is not as familiar or as well understood as "union station" is in the United States.
North America [ edit ]
A list of union stations in North America can be found at Union Station (disambiguation)
In North America, a union station is usually owned by a separate corporation whose shares are owned by the different railways which use it, so that the costs and benefits of its operations are shared proportionately among them. This contrasts with the system of trackage rights or running rights, where one railway company owns a line or facility, but allows another company to share it under a contractual agreement. However, the company that owns the union station and associated trackage does assign trackage rights to the railroads that use it. Many of the jointly owned stations were built by terminal railroads. Examples include the Ogden Union Railway & Depot Company, jointly owned by Southern Pacific and Union Pacific to manage the Ogden Union Station in Ogden, Utah,[2] and the Denver Terminal Railway Company, representing the Denver & Rio Grande Western, Chicago Burlington & Quincy, Atchison Topeka & Santa Fe, Colorado & Southern and Chicago Rock Island & Pacific and the Union Pacific railways, which managed the station in Denver, Colorado.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 8, 2017, 11:42 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 8, 2017, 11:42 PM GMT / Source: Associated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Don Williams, an award-winning country singer with love ballads like "I Believe in You," has died. He was 78.
A statement from his publicist Kirt Webster said he died Friday after a short illness.
Williams had 17 No. 1 hits before retiring in 2016. His mellow sound influenced a later generation of singers including Joe Nichols and Josh Turner and Keith Urban has said Williams drew him to country music.
Williams, nicknamed "the Gentle Giant," had a rich voice, gentle delivery and storytelling style. He toured sparingly, did few media interviews and spent much of his time on his farm west of Nashville.
"It's one of those blessings and curses kind of things," Williams said in an interview with The Associated Press in 1994."If you have the talent, it's a blessing. But there are times that ... a lot of the prices that you have to pay to be a part of it is a curse. But as far as ... the way people have responded to what I've done, there are very few things in my life that I've done that come anywhere close to making you feel exhilarated and humbled and fulfilled and challenged and all that, all at the same time."
Don Williams performs during the All for the Hall concert on April 10, 2012 in Nashville, Tenn. Mark Humphrey / AP file
His hits included "I Believe in You," ''Lord, I Hope This Day Is Good," ''You're My Best Friend," ''Some Broken Hearts Never Mend," ''Till the Rivers All Run Dry" and "Back in My Younger Days." At least one duet with Emmylou Harris made the charts, "If I Needed You" in 1981.
He was also popular overseas, touring in Europe and Africa and charting on British charts. Eric Clapton recorded his "We're More Than Friends" and Pete Townshend redid his "Til the Rivers All Run Dry."
"Don Williams offered calm, beauty, and a sense of wistful peace that is in short supply these days," said Kyle Young, CEO of the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville, Tennessee, in a statement Friday. "His music will forever be a balm in troublesome times. Everyone who makes country music with grace, intelligence, and ageless intent will do so while standing on the shoulders of this gentle giant."
He won the Country Music Association's awards for best male vocalist and best single for "Tulsa Time" in 1978.
During his performances, he often walked onstage carrying a cup of coffee, sat on a barstool, sang and chatted amiably with the audience.
Williams also appeared in the movies "W.W. and the Dixie Dancekings" and "Smokey and the Bandit II."
"Farewell, the great Don Williams," said Rosanne Cash on Twitter and quoted from "Good Ole Boys Like Me": "'Those Williams boys, they still mean a lot to me/ Hank & Tennessee.' & Don, too."
"One of the greatest to ever sing a country song," wrote Rodney Atkins on Twitter. "I can't write a song without thinking about Don Williams songs. #RIPDonWilliams."
He was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2010, but missed the ceremony because he had bronchitis. His last studio album came out in 2014 and he was the subject of a tribute album this year that included performances of his hits by Lady Antebellum, Garth Brooks and Chris Stapleton.
Williams was born in Floydada, Texas, and spent the early part of his career in rock, country and folk groups. He was a founding member of the Pozo Seco Singers, then started a solo career in 1971. His first No. 1 hit was "I Wouldn't Want to Live If You Didn't Love Me" and 42 of his 46 singles landed on the top 10 from 1974 to 1991.
You know the story: a big event happens and the press interviews someone. He gives a clear statement, only to find that in the final article, one line has been taken out of context in order to prove the thesis of the person writing the article.
Luckily, sometimes we catch them in the act.
Recently WIRED‘s Emma Grey Ellis [email her] reached out to an Amerika operative with questions about a free speech Antifa channel run on internet effete basement NEET echo chamber Reddit. She used a single quotation in an article about Antifa:
Meanwhile, the Meme War has metastasized to Reddit at large: “/r/antifa was never an antifascist subreddit,” IamSeth says. “It is a honeypot run by members of the Ku Klux Klan.” (I wasn't able to confirm the Klan connection, but when I reached out to the /r/antifa mods, an individual who goes by diversity_is_racism denied the honeypot claim, but said he or she thinks Richard Spencer is “a good guy.”)
In the spirit of transparency, which means telling the whole story and is the opposite of cherry-picking, we present to you the whole interview here, with messages from Emma Grey Ellis in bold and messages from us in regular text:
Why not moderate a subreddit with a name that aligns with your own views? Doesn't call it /r/antifa make the page a bit of a honeytrap?
Why not moderate a subreddit with a name that aligns with your own views?
I do, /r/new_right
I also moderate a number of others that are dedicated to free speech.
Doesn't call it /r/antifa make the page a bit of a honeytrap?
Whoof, the begging-the-question fallacy in real life. The answer: no. I do not intend to use this sub to advance an agenda.
People want to fight it out. Antifa is a hot topic, and I have some sympathies with them. I would like people to fight it out in a place where all opinions can be heard, instead of create another Leftist echo chamber here on Reddit.
Do you identify as Antifa?
I don't, I actually was relatively unfamiliar with the movement until quite recently.
I can understand wanting to avoid echo chambers. Do you consider the new right and antifa to be fundamentally adversarial?
As in, is it the new right's task to push back against antifa, and vice versa?
Not really, if we go by sheer differences of opinion. The New Right is not geared toward a modern state at all, so has no use for fascism. It is however opposed to Leftism, especially of the extreme form usually adopted by antifa members even if it is not strictly part of antifa. In theory, you could be a Republican antifa; in reality, that never happens because all of the antifa movement appears to be intersectional anarchist and Communist. The New Right has elements of anarchism and socialism in it, so there is some overlap, but generally we are traditionalist/reactionaries who want a society of a non-modern type.
For that reason, I would say we are not directly opposed… but we would need to live in different nations. As far as the New Right pushing back against antifa, we tend to view them as just another variety of Leftist, not far removed from Democrats (for example) except in methods. Antifa are sort of like Leftist skinheads — they share a lot with the SHARP movement, for example — who enjoy violence, destruction and shattering lives of their perceived enemies. As Andrew Breitbart among others pointed out, however, mainstream Democrats enjoy doing that too, but prefer subtler methods than street violence. So the situation is more nuanced and interesting than “these two groups are enemies.”
Understood. How do you react to this group rallying around the Richard Spencer punch moment? Spencer doesn't seem to really stand for fascism, per se, but rather a pro-male, pro-white, pro-straight, pro-American/Western European agenda.
From my time moderating /r/antifa, I have realized that antifa supporters do not have a problem with violence, and they have no problem supporting violent anarchists and Communists. Although these movements are particularly prone to certain types of violence — bomb-throwing anarchists, gulags, dawn executions in Lubyanka prison and the like come to mind — I do not think we can backward-infer ideology from the presence of violence itself, as Tim McVeigh, Ted Kaczynski, Anders Breivik and Dylann Roof remind us. But, it does not surprise me that antifa cheered the sucker punch of Richard Spencer, mainly because he is a real threat to their ideology just by existing.
I also learned that those on the Left have no idea what fascism is. Fascism is a specific political concept; Leftists use the term to mean authoritarian, totalitarian or just any strong authority that limits individual self-expression, even if just by context (e.g. you cannot spray paint on this specific wall). Spencer strikes me as classic Alt Right, and as one of the inventors of the term — alongside Colin Liddell and Andy Nowicki — he would know. Here's a good introduction to the Alt Right:
In my view, the Alt Right is trying to break away from (1) Republicans and (2) the 1488 white nationalist types. Both groups have failed and the Alt Right wants something new. I have just learned that Reddit's altright sub, /r/altright, has been banned by Reddit — wow, interesting. Anyway, it seems to me that the Alt Right is a satire/cynical cultural movement against Leftism in general, and it embraces nationalism and the salvation of Western Civilization among other things. In my view, it is re-living the tension of Weimar Germany, and is about to figure out that National Socialism is a big screwup because it is still a modern-style government, and will converge on the same problems we have now even if it vociferously protests them and delays them for a short while. The better movement was volkisch conservatism, but that might be too much of a conceptual leap for people today. The point I want to make here is that there is tension both ways; the Alt Right is resisting both Republican cucks and Hitlarping spergs from the White Nationalist movement. Neo-Nazism is a simplified, mainstreamed version of National Socialism, so it takes the problems of National Socialism, which we might refer to as ideological accelerationism or a tendency toward highly symbolic acts like the Holocaust, and adds to them the problems of modern bureaucratic society… while losing the coherence of actual nationalism, which is basically the idea that a nation is defined by its founding ethnic group, and you cannot have the “proposition nation” that America's Republicans want. But similarly, you cannot have the race-nation that white nationalists want; a Nationalist understands “Germany for Germans, Israel for Jews, Nigeria for Nigerians” but does not grok “America for whites.” The Alt Right hates the concept of equality, which is sort of an exploded narcissism/individualism, and detests other Republican notions like theocracy, democracy, bipartisanship and the like. It also finds the White Nationalists to be a kind of ideology in themselves, which is why it has resisted them, despite some White Nationalists like the Right Stuff or the Daily Stormer trying to make inroads. So if you look at things in the big picture, Spencer is a good guy who is advancing an actual Right-wing cause — back toward pre French Revolutionary types of society — while casting aside the really psychotic stuff that White Nationalists would do. He has said he does not mind Jews, homosexuals and mixed-race people, and he frequently tells people other races that they should be nationalist for their own people. This is the kind of level-headed voice on the Right that benefits everyone. Ironically, if the antifa strike him down they will get something worse which will also be more popular because it will tap into suppressed rage. In this way, Spencer stands against what people mean when they say “fascism,” which is strong power wielded for ideological purposes with the intention of hurting or eliminating biological impurities within our society.
Antifa, however, is like the Alt Right in one really important way: the movement is ill-defined. They don't like fascists, great, but what does fascism mean? Very few of them can define it clearly. They are fans of Leftist ideology exclusively, on a scale from anarchism through Communism, and often support the same methods they decry when Right-wing groups use them. But I think there is something there, something to be expressed, which is probably more like libertarian or classical liberal than Communist, and tensions within the movement are keeping this from being expressed. As society inevitably balkanizes, I think antifa will come into their own and express their beliefs in a clarified state at about the same time the Alt Right does the same for its beliefs. We live in interesting times…
Thanks for this, I appreciate you taking the time to elaborate on your viewpoints this way.
Tell me, is there a way that I could identify you other than your username here? First name, initials, a general location?
No Paper! No Homework!
My students need 3 cases of copy paper so that I can provide them with materials to work with like practice worksheets, homework, review packets, and tests.
My Students
No paper, no homework!! To my students it sounds like a good idea, but for teachers it's a crisis. I am a third grade math teacher in a low-income, Title I school. Currently, like every school in America, we have been affected by budget cuts so much that our school has run out of copy paper.
Third grade is a crucial testing grade.
Our students are faced with the daily challenges of performing well in school and passing the tests. My third graders are tested on every subject: language arts, math, science, and social studies. As a teacher I cannot do my job and teach without paper to provide the appropriate materials, like homework sheets, study guides, practice and activity sheets, as well as packets for students to take home to prepare them for their tests. Workbooks are not readily available for every grade or for every student. So, paper is our only option.
My Project
Our Standards of Learning Assessments (SOL's) start towards the end of May and June. I need copy paper to make practice packets and practice tests. As a teacher I would be doing a disservice to my students if I cannot provide materials for them to learn. Currently I have been buying one pack of paper here and there, sharing paper, and even re-using scrap paper. I cannot afford to buy a pack of paper daily, and my students cannot afford to bring me paper either. I would like to request several boxes of paper to help me until the end of the school year.
I believe having paper available will be a great help for the last months of school.
It will give me the chance to make the necessary copies of practice tests and packets to prepare for the SOL's. I feel like a teacher cannot teach if she does't have paper, and students cannot learn without materials to study! I would like to thank you in advance for your generosity, and although my students may not be happy to get a homework packet, I will be very grateful to have materials to teach!
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday, December 10, 2010 >>> ARCHIVES | SEARCH Adware.smartad.d Posted by Mikko @ 07:22 GMT Unfortunately we had a nasty false alarm a couple of hours ago.
The false alarm involved the detection Adware.smartad.d, which was in the database update 2010-12-09_10, released on 9th Dec 2236 UTC.
This detection inadvertently triggered on the file google-analytics.com/ga.js. This file is a script associated with Google Analytics, and it's found on a fair number of websites.
An exclusion for the file was released in the database update 2010-12-10_01 at 10th Dec 0052 UTC - about 2.5 hours after the bad update went out.
Apologies for any disruptions caused by this false alarm. We're sorry. To minimize disruptions, please make sure your product has been updated to use the latest database updates.
Kansas City, Mo. — The fight card for Invicta Fighting Championships 17 has undergone some last-minute changes.
The promotion has announced that a training injury has forced Japan's MIZUKI (11-4) from her strawweight clash with Brazilian Aline Serio (9-5).
Replacing MIZUKI will be veteran Kaline Medeiros (6-4). “The Dark Angel” will make her Invicta debut riding the momentum of a three-fight winning streak. The native Brazilian, who now fights out of the United States, holds wins over Invicta veterans Stephanie Eggink and Kathina Catron.
Additionally, the atomweight contest between promotional newcomers Tessa Simpson (4-1) and Julia Jones (4-0) has been removed from the event.
The eight-fight event will feature two title fights, as bantamweight champion Tonya Evinger (17-5) meets California's Colleen Schneider (10-6), and unbeaten strawweight champion Livia Renata Souza (9-0) takes on UFC veteran Angela “Overkill” Hill (4-2).
The event will take place from The Hangar at the OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa on Saturday, May 7. It will stream live and exclusively on UFC Fight Pass beginning at 9 p.m. ET.
The updated fight card for Invicta FC 17 can be found below:
Bantamweight Title: Tonya Evinger (17-5) vs. Colleen Schneider (10-6)
Strawweight Title: Livia Renata Souza (9-0) vs. Angela Hill (4-2)
Featherweight: Latoya Walker (5-0) vs. Charmaine Tweet (8-5)
Strawweight: Aline Serio (9-5) vs. Kaline Medeiros (6-4)
Featherweight: Amanda Bell (3-3) vs. Megan Anderson (5-2)
Flyweight: Christine Stanley (4-1) vs. Shannon Sinn (2-2)
Flyweight: Rachael Ostovich (2-2) vs. Ariel Beck (3-2)
Bantamweight: Laura Howarth (2-1) vs. Alexa Conners (0-0)
Tickets for the event, available for $100, $75, $55, and $35, are currently on sale at CageTix.com.
About Invicta FC:
Invicta Fighting Championships is a world championship, all-pro mixed martial arts (MMA) fight series dedicated to providing female athletes with a major platform to hone their skills on a consistent basis. Founded in 2012 by longtime MMA executive Shannon Knapp, Invicta is committed to pioneering the future growth of women's MMA by promoting the best possible match-ups between female competitors and identifying and developing future superstars of the sport. Follow Invicta on Twitter (@InvictaFights), Facebook (Facebook.com/InvictaFights), and Instagram (@InvictaFC) for all the latest information.
Odds that Trump utters the words “Islam means peace” before the end of his term: 40 percent. Maybe 50 after the Saudis plastered his picture all over Riyadh this week.
Good question via Ross Douthat: “Donald Trump — dhimmi or cuck?”
Tillerson was asked aboard Air Force One whether Trump still stands by his comments that Islam “hates us.” “I think the president's views, like we hope the American people's views, are going to continue to evolve,” Tillerson said, according to a reporter traveling with the president… “Understanding each other's cultures, understanding each other's beliefs, and I think talking more openly about those, I think there's a great deal that's misunderstood about the Muslim world, by Americans and the Western world,” he said… “Nothing helps you learn and understand people better than coming to their homes, where they live and seeing them face to face, seeing their families, and seeing their communities, finding out we all share the same wants and desires for ourselves and our people, and our families: peace, prosperity, we want our children to grow up without fear,” he said.
Somewhere Bush 43 and Barack Obama are reading those quotes and nodding vigorously. Disappointed Trumpers can take heart, though. If the last few months have taught us anything, it's that no one speaks authoritatively on Trump's views about anything except Trump himself — and even he's less than authoritative sometimes. This is a guy who said in September 2015, “I love the Muslims, I think they're great people,” then said nine months later, “They're going to have to turn in the people that are bombing the planes. And they know who the people are.” He said he'd have no problem with appointing a Muslim to his cabinet, then floated a temporary worldwide ban on Muslim visitors to the United States. As with so many other things, his position depends on what day of the week you catch him and who the last advisor was whom he spoke to. If the nationalists are whispering in his ear, you might hear him reprise his point that “Islam hates us.” If the Tillersons are leaning on him, you'll be told that the war on terror “is not a battle between different faiths, different sects, or different civilizations.” Tomorrow the Saudis might do something to piss him off and he'll tweet “NUKE MECCA!” Every day is a crapshoot.
The odd virtue of his shifting opinions and loose-cannon pronouncements, though, is that in time they'll condition foreign leaders not to fly off the handle over anything he might say — to take him neither seriously nor literally, per Peter Thiel's famous formulation about Trump. Case in point: After many days of hype over whether he'd refer to “Islamist extremism” during his speech in Saudi Arabia yesterday or the somewhat less PC “Islamic extremism,” Trump stuck to the former — except at one point later in the speech, when he mentioned the latter. The White House blamed that on “exhaustion” but his Muslim audience didn't bat an eye. Because, in the end, who knows what Trump really thinks? And who cares? Be nice to him and he'll be nice to you. That's his truest core conviction. The Saudis figured that out, rolled out the red carpet for him, and got a $110 billion arms deal for their trouble. Other countries will follow suit. Exit question: If “Islam hates us,” why the hell are we selling weapons to Wahhabists?
Adding Tracks
You can access Steam Music by selectingand then choosingIf you've not yet setup your library you'll see a white button labelled "".The Library setup screen will allow you to specify which folders you want Steam to scan for music in. To add a folder select the "" button.You can remove an existing folder by selecting the subtraction icon to the right of the folder path.You're able to add as many folders as you like.Once you've made your selections Steam will begin to scan your selected folders for music. When it's done your songs will be available for you to listen to. Steam Music will display common ID3 tags, including album artwork. If you'd like to add additional folders to your library beyond the first setup you can do so by visiting theand selecting the. From the music settings page select the "" button to return to the folder manager.
Just when it seemed the Pentagon had ushered in a new era of transparency, it took a small step backwards.
Last week, the Project On Government Oversight blogged about the Pentagon reversing its decision to classify a large amount of data about the condition of the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF), the development and training of which has cost taxpayers $65 billion. The newly declassified data, published by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), revealed problems with the strength and capabilities of Afghanistan's police and military forces, particularly the Afghan National Army.
What should have been a victory for government transparency, however, was spoiled by more tomfoolery from Pentagon censors. At the end of February, the Department of Defense Inspector General (DoD IG) issued an audit report finding that the billions of dollars in direct assistance the U.S. and international community is providing to sustain the ANSF is at increased risk of fraud and abuse. The public isn't allowed to see this report because, like many other DoD IG reports, it was designated “For Official Use Only” (FOUO). As a result, only a summary of the report is posted on the DoD IG's website. Fortunately, Tony Capaccio at Bloomberg News read the full report and provided a detailed account of its findings, and the Federation of American Scientists posted the report on its website.
The FOUO label is supposed to be applied only if disclosure “would reasonably be expected to cause a foreseeable harm,” such as a violation of a person's privacy or a company's trade secrets, or interference with a criminal investigation.
It's hard to see what in the report merits the FOUO marking. First of all, its findings are already common knowledge. For more than a year, SIGAR has been sounding the alarm about weaknesses in the Afghan government's ability to manage direct assistance funds. Second, the report is notably light on detail. A few specific examples of weak oversight are provided, but it omits names, pricing data, and any other information that might legitimately qualify as FOUO. Even if specific text or graphics raised concern, redactions would have been a more acceptable solution than pulling the entire report from public release.
Is the Pentagon deliberately trying to hide bad news about Afghanistan? Given its wildly inconsistent, often ludicrous transparency policy, this is a legitimate concern. After all, we already know the lengths to which the military command will go to try to control the message coming out of Afghanistan.
The U.S. has invested nearly $100 billion in Afghanistan's rebuilding, with billions more due to be spent over the next few years. Taxpayers are understandably concerned that the government is not being completely forthright about what that investment is accomplishing. It would go a long way toward strengthening public trust if the Pentagon would be less secretive with its Afghanistan reports—no matter how bleak the findings.
Estimating the Effects of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) on Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC)
Author/Editor:
Diego A. Cerdeiro
Publication Date:
May 23, 2016
Electronic Access:
Free Full Text. Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer: This Working Paper should not be reported as representing the views of the IMF.The views expressed in this Working Paper are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent those of the IMF or IMF policy. Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit comments and to further debate
Summary:
In February 2016, twelve Pacific Rim countries signed the agreement on the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), one of the largest and most comprehensive trade deals in history. While there are several estimates of the likely effects of the TPP, there is no systematic study on the effects on all Latin American countries. We present the results from applying a multi-sector model with perfect competition presented by Costinot and Rodriguez-Clare (2014). The exercise, based on input-output data for 189 countries and 26 sectors, shows that (i) Asian TPP members are estimated to benefit most from the agreement, (ii) negative spillovers to non-TPP LAC countries appear to be of a different order of magnitude than the gains of members, and (iii) some non-TPP LAC countries may experience relatively large benefits from joining the TPP. As a cautionary note, however, we point out that even a cursory cross-study comparison shows that there is considerable uncertainty regarding the potential effects of the TPP for both members and non-members.
The Cassini space probe mission ended today when the probe made its final destructive plunge into Saturn. It's spent the past 13 years studying the planet, its rings, and moons in unprecedented detail.
Cassini wasn't the first NASA probe to study Saturn close-up. Pioneer 11 (1979), Voyager 1 (1980), and Voyager 2 (1981) had flown by Saturn earlier, not stopping but giving us the opportunity to see the planet as the amazing world that it is.
But to really understand a planet, you need to spend time with it, and that's what Cassini has done.
Launched in 1997, it took almost seven years to reach Saturn, entering orbit on July 1, 2004. On Christmas Day that year, the Huygens probe was released towards Titan, the first probe ever to land on an object in the outer Solar System.
Cassini was on a four-year mission to explore Saturn, its atmosphere, magnetosphere, rings, and to study Saturn's moons, especially Titan, the only moon in the Solar System to have a substantial atmosphere.
Time goes by and seasons change
But four years have quickly grown into 13 impressive years, allowing Cassini to watch the slow progression of Saturn's changing seasons.
When the spacecraft arrived, Saturn's northern hemisphere was in the dark of winter.
The northern part of Saturn was a mesmerizing blue. Less sunlight, particularly the sun's harsh ultraviolet rays, could reach the north leaving the atmosphere clear of smog and giving rise to the beautiful blue scattered light.
In August 2009, Cassini had the opportunity to view Saturn at equinox, a special time when the Sun sits directly in line with the planet's rings. The only light hitting the rings is reflected light from Saturn itself.
During this time shadows were seen dancing across the rings. On average, the rings are very thin, just 10 meters or so in thickness, and each of the rings and gaps in the rings has a special name.
At the edge of Saturn's B ring, the equinox shadows revealed structures that towered as high as 2.5 kilometers. Quite possibly, small moonlets are splashing the ring particles about and forcing them upwards as the moonlets pass by.
As Cassini's mission ends, summer has arrived at Saturn's north. The colors are changing and right at the top of Saturn's North Pole, it's possible to see the distinctive hexagon—a six-sided weather pattern that is now bathed in sunlight.
Embedded in the heart of the hexagon is a roaring hurricane, 50 times larger than any hurricane experienced on Earth. Simulations suggest that it is produced by a jet stream curving around Saturn's North Pole and being jostled about as it interacts with other air currents.
Whatever established the hexagon, it's certainly long-lived. The pattern was first recorded by the Voyager spacecraft in 1980, although it was not discovered in the data until eight years later.
Pink dancing lights
The Hubble Space Telescope has captured strong aurora on Saturn at ultraviolet wavelengths. But for the first time, Cassini has shown us Saturn's northern and southern lights shimmering above the planet in visible light.
Unlike Earth's aurora which are predominantly green and blue due to the oxygen and nitrogen in our atmosphere, Saturn's aurora vary from pink to purple as charged particles collide and excite the hydrogen-rich atmosphere.
Scientists pay tribute to Cassini
The Cassini mission has been a fantastic international achievement made possible via NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA).
It has involved 17 countries, 260 scientists, plus thousands more who worked to design, build, and launch the spacecraft.
Team members who have spent their careers working on the Cassini mission reflect on the epic journey. So farewell Cassini, what an amazing time it's been.
For a closer look at the Cassini mission read my other articles on Cassini's observations of many of the known moons of Saturn as well as the space probe's new discoveries, Cassini's search for the building blocks of life on Titan, and the beauty and mystery of Saturn's rings as revealed by Cassini.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Banner Image Credit: NASA
Share. But which storyline is it connected to? But which storyline is it connected to?
Though Captain America: Civil War keeps the relationship between Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes at the heart of its story while balancing its ensemble cast, the film still couldn't fit in every story beat the Russo brothers had in mind.
Joe and Anthony Russo, who directed Civil War and are also on board for the next two Avengers films, recently spoke to IGN about the sheer challenge of balancing the film's expansive cast and story. Some things had to be cut in the process, and in particular one extracted scene had its roots in the characters' coming book history.
"There is a scene that is a cut scene. It's a small piece of the fight at Leipzig where there's a very fun interaction between Cap and Bucky, and it kind of hints at a favorite storyline in the books," Anthony Russo said. "I won't go into the detail about it, but there's a little tease in that scene that is pretty fun."
Exit Theatre Mode
The Russos didn't elaborate on what the story being referenced is, and that's because they cannot yet say whether it wont factor into their future plans.
"It's a comic book story, and I can't say whether or not it's going to factor in to the movies," Anthony Russo said when asked for specifics about the scene.
The Russos did speak to IGN at length about the process of making Civil War. The two also discussed their work so far on the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War and its now untitled sequel, including how the films set the stage for certain beginnings and endings within the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Exit Theatre Mode
The Infinity War writers Christopher Marcus and Stephen McFeely, who also scripted Captain America: Civil War, offered an update on the progress of the Avengers two films' scripts.
Captain America: Civil War will arrive on on Digital HD, Digital 3D and Disney Movies Anywhere on September 2 and on Blu-ray 3D, Blu-ray, DVD and On-Demand on September 13.
Additional reporting by IGN Entertainment Editor Terri Schwartz.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush.
Median household incomes after inflation, stopped falling last year following two straight years of declines.
A woman chants slogans at a protest against Walmart last y ear in Los Angeles. Walmart workers and supporters took part in a nationwide day of protests calling for better jobs and higher wages. (Photo11: Jae C. Hong, AP) Story Highlights Allowing for inflation, median household income still below pre-recession peak
15% of Americans in poverty last year, same as in 2011
Percentage of Americans without health insurance drops slightly to 15.4%
Americans' household incomes still haven't caught up to where they were before the recession, but they've stopped losing ground to inflation, the Census Bureau said Tuesday.
Median household incomes after inflation stabilized in 2012, following two annual declines, the bureau reported. Adjusted for inflation, median household income was $51,017 last year, not statistically different from the 2011 median of $51,100. The median is the point where half are below and half are above.
The report paints a picture of an economy that has absorbed the impact of the 2008 financial crisis, but has not yet recovered from the damage, said Sheldon Danziger, president of the Russell Sage Foundation. Inflation-adjusted household incomes are 8.3% below their cyclical peak in 2007, and even further below their all-time peak in 1999, according to the Census.
"Poverty is higher today than it was in 2000, and household incomes are lower,'' Danziger said. "The 'lost decade' is likely to turn into 'two lost decades.'"
Compared with recent annual reports from the Census, this year's reported few dramatic changes, said David Johnson, chief of the bureau's social, economic and housing statistics division.
The sharpest change was in the percentage of Americans without health insurance, which dropped by 0.3 percentage points to 15.4%. The decline was almost entirely accounted for by broader Medicare coverage, with almost no change in Americans' coverage by private health insurance, the report said. Medicare's change is mostly a function of more Baby Boomers becoming eligible for Medicare as they turn 65, Johnson said.
But the number of people without insurance coverage, 48.0 million, was not statistically different than in 2011 because of population growth, Johnson said.
The official poverty rate showed no statistical difference, for the second year in a row, staying at 15%, representing 46.5 million Americans living below the poverty line. That's up 2.5 percentage points from 2007, before the recession.
From 2009 through 2011,about 31.6% of the population lived in poverty for at least two months, while just 3.5% of Americans were poor for all 36 of those months.
The report touched on a number of hot-button issues about incomes, insurance and poverty.
Income inequality changed little during the year, Johnson said. Families needed to earn $191,200 to make it into the top 5% of top-earning households, and about $146,000 to enter the top 10%.
Inequality has risen sharply over the last several years. A broad measure of income inequality used by the Census Bureau has risen 2% since 2009 and 3% in the last decade.
The wage gap between men and women remained unchanged, with women earning 77% of what men do. The gaps were smaller among younger groups of workers, the Census Bureau said,
"For women and their families, it's the same old story — another year of no improvement,'' said Linda Hallman, executive director of the American Association of University Women. "Women working full time in the United States are still paid only 77% of what men are paid, just as they were a decade ago.''
The report also showed that insurance coverage has risen sharply since 2010 among groups that benefit from the Affordable Care Act. Uninsured rates dropped among children, whose eligibility for publicly supported insurance was expanded, and young adults, who can now remain on their parents' coverage until they are 26.
But both groups showed little year-over-year change in their insurance rates in 2012, Johnson said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1eLh8n0
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Santiago Maldonado has been missing since 1 August
"Where is Santiago Maldonado?" Social media in Argentina is chiming with the same phrase, loaded with anger and frustration.
The protester, 28, went missing at an indigenous-rights demonstration in Patagonia at the start of August.
On a Saturday night talk show, the national security minister said she was sure the police were not involved.
Witnesses say Mr Maldonado was arrested and not seen again.
The police have denied detaining him.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Thousands demonstrated in Santiago Maldonado's name in Buenos Aires on 11 August
"The police are not the same as 40 years ago," said Security Minister Patricia Bullrich, referring to the country's military dictatorship. Right groups say up to 30,000 people "disappeared" when a brutal junta ruled from 1976 to 1983.
She urged people not to make the case a "political battle", saying the government and human rights organisations were aligned in trying to find out the truth.
But Argentina's history of political disappearances has made the case an extremely hot subject.
The government has offered a reward of almost US$30,000 (£23,000) for information on his disappearance.
The former president, now head of the opposition, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner has repeatedly spoken out on the disappearance, which also coincided with the first round of congressional elections.
"Santiago must reappear. And he must reappear alive," she tweeted.
The mystery gripping a nation
What happened on 1 August is entirely unclear.
"It truly is an enigma," said television host Mirtha Legrand, during her show when she grilled the security minister.
After the interview aired, Argentines ramped up the online protests, posting Facebook status updates with their name and current location, adding, "But where is Santiago Maldonado?"
"I am Mariana. I am in my house, waking up in the morning, and I want to know, where is Santiago Maldonado?" read a typical example, posted on Sunday.
Ms Bullrich has previously said there is no proof that Mr Maldonado was even present at the protest, which took place in Cushamen, in Chubut province, as "all the people were hooded".
The polarised Argentine press has been filled with rumours, from backing allegations that the police were involved to suggesting that an indigenous-rights protester of the Mapuche community killed him.
One witness account says he was seen when a group crossed a river to escape the police, who were said to be firing lead and rubber bullets.
"We saw him clinging to a tree, not crossing the river," Mapuche protester Soraya Maicoño told news site Infobae, saying he then went out of view after they heard someone tell him he was being detained. "After that, we did not see him again."
However, key witnesses have refused to testify in court, which the authorities say is hampering investigations.
The Mapuche's protest
The Cushamen protest was held to defy the detention of Mapuche leader Facundo Jones Huala, who heads the Ancestral Mapuche Resistance (RAM) separatist group.
Jones Huala is in a Chubut jail, and the Chilean government, which considers him a terrorist, has requested his extradition.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The famed Mothers of Plaza de Mayo group, who campaign to find missing children from the dictatorship era, joined the protest for Santiago Maldonado in Buenos Aires
A community of Mapuche have been occupying land in the Chubut, claiming ancestral rights in a privately owned area.
On the day that Mr Maldonado disappeared, border police arrived to dismantle a roadblock which had been erected by protesters on Route 40, the main road that connects the country from north to south.
'I can't look at my son's face on a flag'
Earlier this month, a march was held in Buenos Aires calling for Santiago Maldonado's safe return.
Another march was held in the city of La Plata last week, but it took a violent turn when a protester threw a Molotov-type bomb at the provincial Senate building.
Mr Maldonado's brother insists his sibling is "not a militant or an activist", but just had empathy for the cause.
The craftsman, who was often travelling, had recently moved to the bohemian Patagonian town of El Bolsón, where he was living with others in a community library.
Now he is becoming a symbol for various conflicts, from indigenous rights to alleged government repression.
A giant mural of him has been created in his parents' home town in Buenos Aires province.
"I can't look at my son's face on a flag or in a mural," said his father, Enrique, in an interview with La Nación newspaper on Friday. "Please let him reappear. Where is he? What have they done to him?"
The family say they have agreed to give samples of blood and saliva to check with the DNA of blood and hair found in a police van.
The International Energy Agency is reporting data showing that economic growth is being increasingly decoupled from carbon dioxide emissions. Basically, human beings are using less carbon dioxide intensive fuels to produce more goods and services. The IEA attributes the relatively steep drop in U.S. emissions largely to the ongoing switch by electric generating companies from coal to cheap natural gas produced using fracking from shale deposits. Renewals also contributed a bit to the decline. From the IEA:
Global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions were flat for a third straight year in 2016 even as the global economy grew, according to the International Energy Agency, signaling a continuing decoupling of emissions and economic activity. This was the result of growing renewable power generation, switches from coal to natural gas, improvements in energy efficiency, as well as structural changes in the global economy.
Global emissions from the energy sector stood at 32.1 gigatonnes last year, the same as the previous two years, while the global economy grew 3.1%, according to estimates from the IEA. Carbon dioxide emissions declined in the United States and China, the world's two-largest energy users and emitters, and were stable in Europe, offsetting increases in most of the rest of the world.
The biggest drop came from the United States, where carbon dioxide emissions fell 3%, or 160 million tonnes, while the economy grew by 1.6%. The decline was driven by a surge in shale gas supplies and more attractive renewable power that displaced coal. Emissions in the United States last year were at their lowest level since 1992, a period during which the economy grew by 80%.
"These three years of flat emissions in a growing global economy signal an emerging trend and that is certainly a cause for optimism, even if it is too soon to say that global emissions have definitely peaked," said Dr Fatih Birol, the IEA's executive director. "They are also a sign that market dynamics and technological improvements matter. This is especially true in the United States, where abundant shale gas supplies have become a cheap power source."
In 2016, renewables supplied more than half the global electricity demand growth, with hydro accounting for half of that share. The overall increase in the world's nuclear net capacity last year was the highest since 1993, with new reactors coming online in China, the United States, South Korea, India, Russia and Pakistan. Coal demand fell worldwide but the drop was particularly sharp in the United States, where demand was down 11% in 2016. For the first time, electricity generation from natural gas was higher than from coal last year in the United States.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. - Descriptive signs and increased barriers are not the only things changing at the Walt Disney World resort after a 2-year-old boy was killed by an alligator on park property.
Attractions and parades around the resort's four theme parks have been altered in the wake of the incident that left Lane Graves dead.
The most visible changes can be seen at the Magic Kingdom and Disney's Animal Kingdom.
Visitors on the Magic Kingdom's popular Jungle Cruise ride have noticed that boat captains no longer reference crocodiles on the shore of the attraction's river.
In the past, while passing the animals during the ride, captains would say tongue-in-cheek lines such as, "Do you know what the difference between the crocodiles and alligators are. The crocodiles are made of plastic and the alligators are made with fiberglass."
People onboard in the days after the incident at the Grand Floridian say Jungle Cruise captains no longer made jokes about the crocodiles or alligators.
Guides on the Kilimanjaro Safari ride at Disney's Animal Kingdom have also changed the spiel during their tour through the park's wildlife.
According to Mouseplanet, guides no longer attempt to scare visitors by claiming a rickety bridge may dump them into a crocodile pen.
Not all alligator references have been removed from the parks.
The fake and real gators inside Epcot's Living with the Land attraction are still in place.
However, park officials removed the Tic Toc float portraying the Peter Pan reptile from the Magic Kingdom's Festival of Fantasy parade.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Apparently, they want to send in the lawyers:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved legislation on Tuesday allowing the Justice Department to sue OPEC members for limiting oil supplies and working together to set crude prices, but the White House threatened to veto the measure. The bill would subject OPEC oil producers, including Saudi Arabia, Iran and Venezuela, to the same antitrust laws that U.S. companies must follow. The measure passed in a 324-84 vote, a big enough margin to override a presidential veto. The legislation also creates a Justice Department task force to aggressively investigate gasoline price gouging and energy market manipulation. “This bill guarantees that oil prices will reflect supply and demand economic rules, instead of wildly speculative and perhaps illegal activities,” said Democratic Rep. Steve Kagen of Wisconsin, who sponsored the legislation.
No, it's a pointless vote that won't accomplish anything. For one thing, what right does the United States have to subject foreign nations to American anti-trust laws ? And what makes Congress think that any ruling that was issued by an American Court would be anything other than a piece of paper to OPEC or any of it's members ?
Here's the text of the legislation in question, and a list of the total morons who voted for it.
Incidentally, there is similar legislation in the Senate that would require the United States to pursue a claim against OPEC before the World Trade Organization.
And, frankly, I'd be careful about bringing the lawyers into this because there might be claims that can be made against the United States:
The US is the only country I know of that has, by statute, made illegal the development of enormous domestic reserves. Just last week, Democracts in Congress, in fact the exact same folks sponsoring this bill, voted to continue an effective moratorium on US oil shale development. No country in the world is doing less to develop the most promising oil reserves than is the US. (…) The US is the only country I know of that has, by statute, made illegal the development of enormous domestic reserves. Just last week, Democracts in Congress, in fact the exact same folks sponsoring this bill, voted to continue an effective moratorium on US oil shale development. No country in the world is doing less to develop the most promising oil reserves than is the US.
Who knows what could happen when you get the lawyers involved.
H/T: Coyote Blog and QandO
ROME (AP) — Italy's anti-establishment 5-Star Movement is broadening its reach as it eyes national office, inviting some very establishment figures to a daylong summit Saturday on technology, science, jobs and the future.
The summit, which was intentionally low on political diatribe, marked a new phase for the grassroots protest movement that has upended the Italian political scene and now leads the polls as Italy prepares for a general election later this year or next.
And it provided strong evidence that the 5-Stars are attracting more than just the working-class backers typical of Europe's anti-establishment parties. The head of Google Italy, university professors and prominent journalists took part, though there were notable absences, including among 5-Star lawmakers and Italy's leading astronaut, who bailed at the last minute.
5-Star founder Beppe Grillo sat in the front row of the converted Olivetti typewriter factory in Ivrea, near Turin in northern Italy, watching as a next generation of 5-Star sympathizers outlined how Italy might emerge from years of economic stagnation and rising unemployment.
Recent polls have put the 5-Stars ahead of the ruling Democrats with some 32 percent of the vote. The movement blends an ideology-defying anti-bank, pro-green agenda with a social-media friendly “direct democracy” ethos, where members pick candidates and platforms online.
It has ruled out forming a coalition government and is hoping to reach the 40 percent of the vote threshold that would give it bonus seats in parliament. The party, though, has been divided of late by scandals engulfing its Rome mayor and Grillo himself, after he voided the candidate for mayor of Genoa who was chosen online and picked someone else instead.
Saturday's summit was preceded by the debut of a key behind-the-scenes player of the 5-Star Movement, Davide Casaleggio. He is the son of Gianroberto Casaleggio, who co-founded the movement with Grillo and was its political guru until his death last year.
Davide Casaleggio made his first prime-time TV appearance this week and was the brainchild behind Saturday's summit, which was billed as a memorial to his father on the anniversary of his death.
Image copyright AP
Spare the children. That is what so many have said for so long. But in Syria, the littlest ones are not, as we often say, just "caught in the crossfire".
They are being targeted.
"Childhood under fire," warns the Save the Children charity in a new report.
"A lost generation," lamented the UN children's fund Unicef on Tuesday.
"A war on childhood," regretted the War Child charity last year.
Syrian children are too young to understand the intricacies of a complex and brutal war fought in the name of their future.
My best friend Kholoud died right in front my eyes when we were playing Randa, 12, from Homs
But they know what childhood should feel like.
"You should tell her," insisted a young boy in a Damascus suburb when his frightened mother cautiously told me "everything is fine" not far from where soldiers manned a checkpoint.
"The helicopters attacked yesterday," he earnestly explained in a little person's voice and with a big person's courage.
"We are staying in our houses because we're really scared. We're begging them to stop."
But the war is not stopping; it is getting worse.
The latest report, from Save the Children, cites research that one in three children say they have been hit, kicked or shot at, as fighting between rebels and government forces has escalated over the past two years.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Unicef says one in every five schools in Syria has been destroyed, damaged or converted into a shelter
"My best friend Kholoud died right in front my eyes when we were playing," a brave 12-year-old told us last year as she fought back tears in a so-called "child-friendly space" run by War Child in northern Lebanon, home to many refugees.
"A bullet went through her cheek and came out through her neck."
Randa's own house was hit by a rocket in the city of Homs: a wall fell on her mother, father, and younger brother.
"My mother said, 'Thank God we survived.'"
But then the family fled, like millions of other Syrians.
'Absolutely terrified'
When we visited the same neighbourhood in Homs, we found a devastated and desolate place.
Among the few families still living in the ruins, we met a woman and her young son.
Rahid gave us a shy teenage smile.
"Do you miss playing with your friends?" I asked.
He looked down at his ragged shoes.
"They're all dead," he mumbled.
Image copyright AP Image caption Many Syrian children have reportedly experienced the death of a relative or friend
For most children, there is not even the comfort of returning to the routine of school.
Unicef's latest report says one in every five schools has been destroyed, damaged or converted into a shelter.
Syria's statistics can be numbing as they continue to climb. But in all the numbers, there is a story about children.
We often hear how more than 70,000 have died.
Save the Children says three-quarters of children have experienced the death of a relative or close friend.
There are more than a million refugees - the UN says more than half of them are children, most under the age of 11.
Visit any of the many refugee camps or informal settlements now spreading in neighbouring countries at alarming rates of growth.
Children are everywhere, sometimes laughing and playing as children do, but often coughing with cold and fever, or crying.
Image copyright AFP Image caption UN says more than half of Syrian refugees are children
This month I heard another story about an 11-year-old who survived a terrible war.
Her name is Babs Clarke - a British woman, now 81 - who still lives with painful memories of what is now called the worst but least known civilian disaster of the World War II.
"I was absolutely terrified," she told me as she recounted what happened on 3 March 1943 at London's Bethnal Green tube station when 173 died in a crush of people.
"I remember my father. I idolised him. He was such a big man… but on that day he cried."
Ms Clarke, and many like her, took decades to talk about their childhood pain.
Syrian children are sharing their stories now.
And the rest of the world cannot say they do not know what is happening.
Never-before-seen video has emerged of the moment a battered and bleeding Colonel Gaddafi was captured by Libyan rebels.
The shocking footage was captured on the mobile phone of one of the fighters who dragged the dictator alive from a drain in Sirte in 2011.
Similar footage was widely circulated at the time of his death, but this video captures his final moments from a new perspective and clearly shows him pleading for his life.
It shows frenzied scenes as Gaddafi is surrounded by screaming gunmen on the bonnet of a truck minutes before he was summarily executed.
Unseen mobile phone footage shows a battered and bleeding Colonel Gaddafi mobbed by Libyan rebels moments before he was summarily executed after being dragged from a drain in Sirte in 2011
The video shows frenzied scenes as Gaddafi is surrounded by screaming gunmen on the bonnet of a truck
The Libyan leader can be heard begging for his life as one rebel points a handgun at his head which is covered in blood.
The footage was taken by rebel fighter Ayman Almani, who was tracked down by BBC reporter Gabriel Gatehouse in the Libyan city of Misrata more than four years later.
Almani said: 'He deserved it. Islam teaches us not to mistreat a prisoner, not to bear a grudge.
'But the people got carried away in the stampede and no-one could stop them.'
His footage, which he has never made public before, is the latest in a series of harrowing mobile phone videos documenting Gaddafi's final moments.
Condemned man: Other footage released at the time shows Gaddafi being frogmarched off to be executed
Symbol of victory: Libyan teenager Mohammed al-Bibi (right) is pictured alongside the golden gun which is said to have been used to kill Colonel Gaddafi. He has denied that fired the fatal shot, saying he simply came across the weapon on the floor and in the chaos became known as the executioner
In other clips, he can also be heard pleading for mercy and demanding to know what he had done wrong while enduring a series of crunching blows to his face and head.
One particularly horrific clip appeared to show a knife being repeatedly inserted into his backside while he was standing up.
In his final breaths, the bloodied dictator was taunted with a pistol before a single shot rang out followed by silence.
Gaddafi was said to have been executed by his own personal golden gun which was held up in celebration by jubilant rebels and became a symbol of their victory.
Mohammed al-Bibi, who was pictured in a baseball cap brandishing the weapon at the time, today insists he did not fire the fatal shot.
Brutal death: The astonishing end for the tyrant came after he and loyalist fighters tried to flee Sirte as it was overrun by forces of the National Transitional Council with he helps of RAF airstrikes
A view of the drain Gaddafi was hiding in when he captured by rebels in Sirte in October 2011
He told the BBC he simply came across the gun on the ground and in the confusion became known as the executioner.
He says he still receives death threats from Gaddafi loyalists to this day.
The astonishing end for the tyrant came after he and loyalist fighters tried to flee Sirte as it was overrun by forces of the National Transitional Council with he helps of RAF airstrikes.
Gaddafi was in a convoy of up to 100 vehicles which tried to break out of Sirte – the last centre of resistance after eight months of civil war – early yesterday.
The escape was spotted by Nato which launched two devastating strikes. At least 50 loyalist fighters were killed.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. ( ) - A Delta Air Lines pilot is making headlines for his decision to turn a plane around after it had pulled away from the gate and return to pick up passengers trying to get to a funeral in Tennessee.
, many passengers were stranded at airports or had trouble making their connecting flights.
That's what happened to one family trying to get to Tennessee from Phoenix. According to , the family was trying to get to Memphis to bury their father who had lost his battle with cancer.
The family was delayed on their original Phoenix flight and left with just minutes to get to their gate in Minneapolis so they could get to Tennessee on time. When the family arrived at the gate, the plane had already backed up from the gate and was heading toward the runway. But one of the family members was able to get the pilot's attention:
The Missoula County Commissioners have officially posted the job opening for a county elections administrator.
The current administrator for the past three years has been Rebecca Connors, but she is moving to Helena, and her last day will be December 15, so a new administrator must now be appointed. Missoula County Chief Administrative Officer Vickie Zeier outlined the qualifications for a new elections chief.
“We will hope for election experience, and we'd like a Public Administration degree,” Zeier began. “They'd need to be able to work with a wide variety of people and different political views, be able to follow the law and have great organizational skills.”
According to the Missoula County website , here are the qualifications for a new elections administrator.
Requires a bachelor's level degree. Degrees best suited for this position may include business administration or public administration. Requires five years of experience working in business management, public administration, or in any capacity related to the conduct or administration of public elections. Requires at least three years of experience as a supervisor in a customer service setting. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.
The deadline to apply is 5:00 p.m. November 29.
In this image provided by Bezos Expeditions, workers inspect a thrust chamber of an Apollo F-1 engine recovered from the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean in March 2013. An expedition led by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos pulled up two rocket engines, including this one, that helped boost Apollo astronauts to the moon. Bezos and NASA announced the recovery on Wednesday, March 19, 2013. The sunken engines were part of the Saturn V rocket used to bring astronauts to the moon during the 1960s and 1970s. After liftoff, they fell into the ocean as planned. (AP Photo/Bezos Expeditions)
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Rusted pieces of two Apollo-era rocket engines that helped boost astronauts to the moon have been fished out of the murky depths of the Atlantic, Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos and NASA said Wednesday.
A privately funded expedition led by Bezos raised the main engine parts during three weeks at sea and was headed back to Cape Canaveral, Fla., the launch pad for the manned lunar missions.
"We've seen an underwater wonderland — an incredible sculpture garden of twisted F-1 engines that tells the story of a fiery and violent end," Bezos wrote in an online posting.
Last year, the Bezos team used sonar to spot the sunken engines resting nearly 3 miles deep in the Atlantic and 360 miles from Cape Canaveral. At the time, the Internet mogul said the artifacts were part of the Apollo 11 mission that gave the world "one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind."
Bezos now says it's unclear which Apollo mission the recovered engines belonged to because the serial numbers were missing or hard to read on the corroded pieces. NASA is helping trace the hardware's origin.
Apollo astronauts were launched aboard the mighty Saturn V rocket during the 1960s and 1970s. Each rocket had a cluster of five engines, which produced about 7 1/2 million pounds of thrust. After liftoff, the engines — each weighing 18,000 pounds — fell to the ocean as designed, with no plans to retrieve them.
Bezos and his team sent underwater robots to hoist the engines, which are NASA property. In a statement, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden called the recovery "a historic find."
Bezos plans to restore the engine parts, which included a nozzle, turbine, thrust chamber and heat exchanger. Amazon.com Inc. spokesman Drew Herdener declined Wednesday to reveal the cost of the recovery or restoration.
NASA has previously said an engine would head for the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum. If a second was recovered, it would be displayed at the Museum of Flight in Seattle, where Amazon.com is based.
The ocean floor off Cape Canaveral is strewn with jettisoned rockets and flight parts from missions since the beginning of the Space Age. What survived after plunging into the ocean is unknown.
In one of the more famous recoveries, a private company in 1999 hoisted Gus Grissom's Mercury capsule that accidentally sank in the Atlantic after splashdown in 1961. The capsule is now featured at the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center.
Besides running the online retailer, Bezos founded Blue Origins, one of the companies with a NASA contract to develop a spaceship to carry astronauts to the International Space Station.
In a previous posting, Bezos said he was inspired by NASA as a child, and by recovering the engines "maybe we can inspire a few more youths to invent and explore."
___
Follow Alicia Chang at http://twitter.com/SciWriAlicia
Untitled #10, 1974, by Marcia Resnick. George Eastman Museum, museum accession. Marcia Resnick
This year marks the 100th anniversary of the formation of the National Park Service. To commemorate the centennial, the George Eastman Museum in Rochester, New York, will present an exhibition about our parkland and how we see these spaces through photography.
Jamie Allen, the exhibition curator, said that photography was coming into its own right around the Civil War in the 1860s, around the time of land exploration. “Because of that, photography was one of the main ways all those exploration and land survey projects were able to document all those areas,” she said. “With those documents, they started to send them back east, and people started to really look at these unique landscapes and value them for what they were as natural places.”
The exhibition includes more than 170 images, many of which are part of the museum's permanent collection. Allen said she would have loved to have shown images from all 59 national parks, but she said she had to limit herself somehow. As a result, she said, the exhibition is about three ideas.
The first demonstrates the influence early photographers, including Carleton Watkins, had in creating an “established view” of the iconic lands. Allen pointed to El Capitan in Yosemite National Park as an example. Once Watkins and Eadweard Muybridge photographed the rock formation, “Every 19th century photographer who went to that site took the same picture, as did Ansel Adams; so it just perpetuates through time,” Allen said.
“They established the sites that we return to time and time again in photography and that we still go to today,” she said.
Yo-wi-ye or Nevada Falls, 1861, by Carleton E. Watkins. George Eastman Museum, gift of Alden Scott Boyer. Carleton E. Watkins
Mirror Lake and Reflections, ca. 1872, by Eadweard J. Muybridge. George Eastman Museum, museum accession by exchange. Eadweard J. Muybridge.
The Three Brothers, Yosemite, 1911, by Alvin Langdon Coburn. Alvin Langdon Coburn
Noon Clouds, Glacier Park, Montana, 1942, by Ansel Adams. George Eastman Museum, gift of the photographer. Copyright Estate of Ansel Adams. Ansel Adams, copyright The Ansel Adams Publishing Rights Trust
Allen said that's tied to the second idea, which covers the ways photography was used to “survey the land and understand what it looked like and what was unique about it.”
Third, Allen said, the exhibition highlights tourism, since photography draws visitors to the sites. “There are photographers who established themselves within the park and kind of perpetuate the same views the exploration teams had taken, but those [images] became popular things people buy,” she said. At first, those images were stereo cards that allowed viewers to get a three-dimensional look at the areas; later, postcards and snapshots became popular ways to document their trips into the parks.
George Eastman at the Grand Canyon, July 12, 1930, by Audley D. Stewart.George Eastman Museum, gift of University of Rochester. Audley D. Stewart
Yosemite National Park. El Capitan. Yosemite Valley, ca. 1940, by Western Publishing & Novelty Company. George Eastman Museum, gift of the 3M Foundation, ex-collection Louis Walton Sipley. Western Publishing & Novelty Company
Chris, Campground Ranger, Tuolumne Meadows Campground, 2014. From the series Yos-E-Mite, by Michael Matthew Woodlee. Courtesy of the artist. Copyright Michael Matthew Woodlee. Michael Matthew Woodlee
Running Water, Roaring Fork Road, Great Smoky Mountains, October 10, 1967, by Eliot Porter. Copyright Eliot Porter. Eliot Porter, copyright 1990 Amon Carter Museum of American Art, Fort Worth, Texas
Allen said she enjoyed “digging through the boxes and drawers of these fantastic prints” in the Eastman collection and took on loan mostly contemporary images that the museum didn't have in its collection to round out the exhibition. Including newer works was significant because of the trajectory of photography's history and its relation to the landscape.
“The story of photography is a medium that is continuously morphing but always morphing with the understanding about what has come before,” she said. “Contemporary photographers—they are returning the gaze not necessary to the landscape but to photography itself, and what's unique about the photographic medium that can tell us about ourselves and the landscape we occupy.”
“Photography and America's National Parks” will be on view from June 4 though Oct. 2.
Woman on Head and Photographer With Camera; Unknown Dancer and Alvin Langdon Coburn at Grand View Point, 2009, by Mark C. Klett. George Eastman Museum, gift of the artists. Copyright Mark Klett and Byron Wolfe. Mark C. Klett
A Kiwi being held at the Christmas Island detention centre says "there are fires everywhere" and "no security", after riots erupted following the death of a detainee.
Speaking to ONE News this morning, Ricky Downs said guards have abandoned the centre.
"There are fires everywhere, holes in the wall and the canteen has been smashed to pieces," he said.
"There's not security, there's no response team, there's not border control, no guards. They've freaked out and left."
New Zealand nationals detained on Christmas Island's detention centre are being blamed for a riot which broke out at the centre this morning.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said there are 40 New Zealanders reportedly on Christmas Island.
News Corp reported that the growing population of convicted New Zealanders has seen island named "Kiwi Alcatraz".
A detainee speaking to SBS made the accusations this morning claiming the rioters were mainly Kiwis and they had left the centre looking like a "disaster zone".
The man, who wasn't named in the article, alleged guards from the private prison operator Serco had abandoned the centre.
The medical centre had been destroyed along with the canteen and some offices, the man said.
"The place is a disaster zone," he said.
"People are destroying everything that can be destroyed."
Australia's Department of Immigration and Border Protection has confirmed a "disturbance" happened at the Christmas Island detention centre.
The Department wouldn't go into details about how the disturbance began or if detainees have sparked a riot at the detention centre as reported this morning.
Earlier today, a woman close to a detainee said the riots began after prisoners learned of the death of a refugee who escaped the detention centre two days ago.
The Kurdish-Iranian man in his 30s was found in bush land yesterday.
ONE News also spoke with Labour MP Kelvin Davis this morning who says the island prison is in chaos.
Mr Davis says from what he is hearing, when prisoners questioned the death of an inmate who tried to escape the facility, one person was punched in the face by a guard sparking the riot.
The Department says "its service providers are working together to resolve the situation".
From The Cutting Room Floor
This page contains which are not marked for translation.
This page details one or more prototype versions of Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire.
The leaked debug version of Pokémon Ruby is, surprisingly, in German.
Be sure to set the Save Type to Flash 128K, and the ROM should run in most emulators/flash carts.
To do:
Someone more familiar with the game and/or the German language will have to replace some of the German names with their English translations.
A work-in-progress English patch can be found here.
Sub-Pages
General Info
Menus
The debug functions mostly use the game's existing menu system, but lack the polish of a finished product. Some menu items are in Japanese (which displays as gibberish due to font changes), some are in English, and most of the text is in German. Most submenus don't return to their parent menu when closed but just return to the game entirely, sometimes leaving textboxes or cursors on the screen. Some don't make any cursor movement sound, etc. Many options don't give any indication that they've done anything.
Some menus have multiple pages; press left/right to switch page. A activates, B cancels. Some have other controls shown on the screen.
Items described as "???" don't have any apparent effect.
Metadata
The filename is Pokémon_ruby_german_final_d.bin, and the "d" probably stands for "debug" or "development". The "final" suggests that there may be prototypes around as well.
Debug Functions
During any battle, press R + Select to instantly win.
This string is present at offset 0x2084D0 :
$Name: debug-Euro-2003-05-09-A $
Message Translations
In-Game (German/Japanese/Corrupted Text) Translation Remarks Ja/Nein Yes/No PokéRIEGEL Pokéblock Es existiert kein Speicherstand. Uhrzeit kann nicht eingestellt werden. There is no save point. Time can not be set. Verbindungsfehler... Die Kabelverbindungen überprüfen und die Geräte aus- und wieder einschalten. Connection error... Check the cable connections and switch the devices off and on. Du kannst ohne MÜNZKORB nicht spielen. You can not play without a Coin Case. The Coin Case is item #260.
Japanese Conversion Table
Since the Japanese font was partially replaced, some Japanese letters display incorrectly. This table lists what Japanese letters are displayed as what symbols (when they differ).
Image via
Earlier this week, the Swedish Tourist Association decided to honour the 250th anniversary of the Swedish abolishment of national censorship by creating a phone number for the whole of Sweden. If you call that number, you're connected to a random Swede and you can have a chat.
So now we have the opportunity to really get to know Sweden, and finally, once and for all, figure out what exactly is wrong with it. Because you can be sure that a country that's so much like one big life insurance commercial is hiding something.
To get to the core of things and understand what Sweden is about, our different European VICE offices called the Swedish number to ask the Swedes their burning questions.
UNITED KINGDOM
VICE: Hi! Why does everyone in Sweden love dill so much?
Torgny from Gothenburg: Oh yes, dill – very popular in Sweden. Well, it's tasty! We use it in salad, you can use it in fish in the oven – but not on meat. It doesn't go with meat. But it's excellent!
Is the aesthetic of dill as appealing to you as the flavour?
Yeah, but it depends on what you do with it. If you cook it, it doesn't look appealing, but if it's fresh – for example, in a salad – it looks excellent.
In the UK, we consider Swedish food to be mostly dill, meatballs and salmon. Is that correct?
No, no, no. A typical Swedish dish that we would have on Midsummer, Christmas, Whitsun and Easter would definitely be meatballs, different kinds of herring, boiled eggs, caviar, lots of salad and lots of bread, of course – rye bread usually.
ROMANIA
VICE: Hello Sweden, here's a question: There's this legend that in communist times in Romania, blonde and tall Swedish women came here to have fun and drink whiskey and take drugs and have affairs with Romanian men. Do you know if there's any truth to this legend?
Sam (16): No, that can't be true. Why would Swedish girls want to go to Romania? It's a poor country, it's not nice there.
No, it's nice here, and cheap. If you bring money, you can have fun.
Spend money on women?
Wait, how old are you?
I'm 16.
OK, never mind. Thank you very much.
Have a good day lady, fuck you in the pussy.
Image via
SPAIN
VICE: Hi Sweden! You've been spending your holidays in Spain for the past 50 years and there are around 70,000 Swedish people living here. Why?
Andreas from Skåne: I don't really know much about Spain, I've never been there, but I think Swedish people go to Spain because it's warm there, and beautiful. There's good food and great culture. I've heard Mallorca will be the place where more Swedish people will go on holiday this summer. I'd completely understand if you're not a fan of us being there, though. We just go there to enjoy our holidays, so we don't get the see the whole picture. We don't have to deal with your politicians or their policies.
GERMANY
VICE: Hi Sweden! Who really killed Olof Palme in 1986?
Roger from Haninge, Stockholm: Well, this year, the media paid a lot of attention to the case. I personally don't have an opinion on the matter. I've been following the case, but it is confusing. There is this one guy who was accused of the murder. He was declared guilty, but that was in a lower court. So he appealed. The case went to a higher court, where they reversed the verdict and he was declared not guilty. In the media they said it was because of the lack of evidence. I trust the Swedish judiciary, but there are a lot of people who think there's some kind of conspiracy going on. I cannot speak for everyone here, but I think they know what they are doing here.
GREECE
VICE: Which country is Sweden's mortal enemy?
Anonymous: I would say Norway. If we're talking about hockey, it's Finland, if we're talking about football, it's Denmark. But overall it's mainly Norway.
SERBIA
VICE: So, Sweden, are your prisons really as amazing as we think they are?
Marianne from Malmö: Yeah, I haven't ever been in one, but I can imagine that Swedish prisons can be a kind of heaven when compared to the ones in the US or other western countries. Some people in Sweden say prisoners here are better off than pensioners, and that their conditions should be harder. But this country is built on social democracy, and it has been that way since the 1920s. The basic idea is that no person is a hopeless case, and that everybody can become a better person. It's been that way for the past 50 or 60 years.
DENMARK
VICE: With your stance on gender equality and refugee discourse, Sweden might just be the most politically correct nation on earth. Is it hard for you to live up to that in your everyday life?
Martin Page from Sundsvall (a UK native): I'm aware of the fact that the Swedes are like that with their politics, but I don't think most people find it a problem in their daily life. It's just something they're used to here in Sweden. Everyone tries to do their best with helping refugees, and I think the Swedes are pretty high on the list in that respect. I don't think I differ from Swedes in terms of what I consider to be PC. In fact, most people think I'm Swedish.
Image via
FRANCE
VICE: Do you know why there are so many handsome Swedish guys studying in Paris?
Anonymous from Malmö: It's hard to say, but I really think it's because we consider Paris the City of Love. I've been there numerous times and it never bores. You know, more and more Swedish students are learning French at school, so it's easier for us. In fact, we love to go abroad to study and work, so it's not a big surprise to find plenty of people from Sweden in Paris.
THE NETHERLANDS
VICE: Bars in Sweden are supposed to ban people from dancing unless they have a special licence. It looks like that's now going to change, but do you think this law is typical for Sweden?
Peter from Umeå: I guess it's just one of the many bureaucratic rules we have. But this law says that you also require security if you want people to dance in your bar. That's necessary because when people want to dance they drink a lot, and when people drink a lot there are also a lot of fights. When I'm in Stockholm I see this sometimes. It's not like Amsterdam, where you also use other stuff that makes you more calm and peaceful, if you get what I mean.
SWITZERLAND
VICE: Hi Sweden. Do all of you have an elk in your garden?
Anonymous: I live in an apartment in the city of Malmö, so I don't have a garden and no elk. But mythologically speaking it's true that every Swede has an elk, at least in his attic. We have to put porridge for Santa Claus in the attic on Christmas night – that's a tale we tell our children. So I guess the answer is yes and no.
CLOSE The Green Party is crowdfunding $2.5 million to challenge the 2016 election results in three states. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Buy Photo Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump pumps his fist after speaking to a crowd during a rally at the Macomb Community College Sports & Expo Center in Warren on Oct. 31, 2016. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
►Update: Michigan preparing for potential hand recount of 4.8M presidential votes
In the closest race for president in Michigan's history, Republican Donald Trump is hanging on to a 10,704-vote win over Democrat Hillary Clinton.
The Michigan Secretary of State posted results Wednesday that were submitted by the state's 83 county clerks on Tuesday after the votes were reviewed and certified by each county.
Before that compiled count, Trump held a 13,107-vote lead over Clinton. But after each county certified its results, the lead shrunk to 10,704, with the biggest chunk coming from Wayne County, which showed that Clinton had gotten 565 more votes than originally tallied by the county.
► Related: Michigan elections director casts doubt on vote-hacking concerns
► Related: Betsy DeVos tapped by Donald Trump for education secretary
► Related: Ben Carson mulls Donald Trump's offer to be HUD secretary
The state's Board of Canvassers will officially certify the results on Nov. 28. The electoral college in all the states, including Michigan's 16 electors, will cast their votes on Dec. 19.
"Many people have asked about Michigan's process for counting ballots and certifying election results. Please be aware that all 1,521 Michigan cities and townships completed ballot counting and reported unofficial results by the morning of Wednesday, Nov. 9," according to a statement on the Secretary of State's website. "The county canvassing boards, as they do after every election, then began their work to review and certify the results from each precinct."
Across the nation, Trump won 306 electoral votes — including Michigan's 16 — to 232 for Clinton. In the popular vote, Clinton holds a lead of more than 2 million votes.
► Related: Gingrich, Huckabee don't want Romney in Trump's Cabinet
► Related: Teacher unions smarting after many members vote for Trump
► Related: Green Party pushes for recount in key states
Trump is the first Republican presidential candidate since 1988 to win Michigan.
The vote totals that will be submitted to the state Canvassers Board on Nov. 28 are:
Donald J. Trump, Republican: 2,279,543
Hillary Clinton, Democratic: 2,268,839
Gary Johnson, Libertarian: 172,136
Jill Stein, Green: 51,463
Darrell L. Castle, U.S. Taxpayers: 16,139
Evan McMullin, write-in: 8,177
Emidio Mimi Soltysik, Natural Law: 2,209
Michael Maturen, write-in: 517
Tom Hoefling, write-in: 95
Laurence Kotlikoff, write-in: 87
Ben Hartnell, write-in: 39
Monica Moorehead, write-in: 30
​Cherunda Fox, write-in: 10
Contact Kathleen Gray: 313-223-4430, kgray99@freepress.com or on Twitter @michpoligal
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2gh9mEd
Officers at Oxford students' union have banned a new magazine No Offence from their freshers' fayre … as it might cause offence.
Final year Oxford PPE student Jacob Williams teamed up with Oxford local Lulie Tanett to set up the magazine "devoted to controversy and free speech" Final year Oxford PPE student Jacob Williams teamed up with Oxford local Lulie Tanett to set up the magazine "devoted to controversy and free speech"
Williams was told by OUSU officials that No Offence "will not be suitable" to be given out at the freshers' fair, due to be on 7th October.
The reason given by Oxford union vice president welfare and equal opportunities, Alasdair Lennon was that that in the view of officers, it would be likely to cause offence.
Chair of the Student Publication Association, Jem Collins, speaking to The National Student said: "Free speech is just as important for student papers as it is for nationals, and the SPA fully support any student publications who are being censored by their students' union or university. Sometimes this can mean things are controversial, or even in cases offensive, but that's all part and parcel of the freedom of the press, and something we should always strive to uphold."
Defending his magazine, Tanett, speaking to The National Student said: "
People should be able to disagree without being offended by each other. People should be able to find jokes distasteful without trying to shut them down. It is all too easy to stigmatise any satire by claiming that it secretly endorses the position it's satirising. Along that route lies the destruction of all satire.
"I have no problem with people feeling disgust, discomfort, even dislike in response to whatever given content. That's not the kind of 'offence' we are against.
"But to say that this offends me and therefore it should be banned, or shut down, or removed, or censored... to say that this offends me and therefore should not be listened to, not taken seriously, etc. ... is bad. The proper response to content you disagree with is not trying to shut it down or prevent it from being heard. It is to criticise it, or ignore it."
Williams replied to OUSU offering to consider alterations so long as it didn't "completely change its character," although Versa reports OUSU didn't acknowledge the offer and instead replied saying it had already contacted the union-owned media outlet The Oxford Student.
Oxford University received a 'red' rating in spiked's Free Speech University Rankings and is no stranger to cries of censorship.
In February this year, controversial French Politian Marine Le Pen, the leader of right-wing party National Front, was met by hundreds of protesting students about her stance on immigration.
Last November a debate on abortion was cancelled after student threats of protest, with Christ Church College citing 'welfare concerns' for the even not taking place.
Oxford union posted a statement saying: "The magazine included a graphic description of an abortion, the use of an ableist slur, a celebration of colonialism, and a transphobic article. In an attempt at satire, another article suggested organising a 'rape swagger' – in the style of a 'slut walk' – in order to make rape 'socially acceptable.
"OUSU do not want to be associated with the views in this magazine, therefore do not want it to be distributed at our event. The offensive views exhibited in this magazine do not in any way represent the majority of Oxford students, or OUSU."
Infants develop expectations about what people prefer to eat, providing early evidence of the social nature through which humans understand food, according to a new study conducted at the University of Chicago.
The study, published this month in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found infants expect people to share food preferences unless they belong to different social groups. Their understanding changes when it comes to disgust toward a food, with infants expecting such reactions to transcend the boundaries of social groups.
“Even before infants appear to make smart choices about what substances to ingest, they form nuanced expectations that food preferences are fundamentally linked to social groups and social identity,” said Zoe Liberman, a University of California, Santa Barbara assistant professor who completed the research while a UChicago doctoral student.
In past studies researchers found infants could watch what other people ate in order to learn whether food was edible. The new study looks beyond learning objective properties about foods to examine the expectations infants hold around who will agree or disagree on food preferences.
The study has important implications for policymakers working on public health, particularly obesity. The findings underscore the need to look beyond just teaching children which foods are healthy when combating obesity to focus on the social nature of decisions surrounding what to eat.
“For humans, food choice is a deeply social and cultural affair. These new findings show that infants are tuning into critical information for understanding the social world, as well as for reasoning about food,” said Amanda L. Woodward, the William S. Gray Professor of Psychology at the University of Chicago.
Additional authors of the study were Kathleen R. Sullivan, social science analyst at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; and Katherine Kinzler, associate professor at Cornell University.
In conducting the study, researchers used a method based on the duration infants look to determine their expectations: Infants tend to look longer at events they find relatively more surprising.
For example, monolingual infants in the study consistently looked longer when actors who spoke the same language disagreed on their food choice. The same was true when actors who spoke different languages agreed on their food choice. The reactions suggest monolingual infants expected food preferences to be consistent within a single linguistic group, but not necessarily the same across groups.
Responses were different for infants raised in bilingual environments. Bilingual infants in the study expected food preferences to be consistent even across linguistic groups, suggesting diverse social experiences may make children more flexible in determining which people like the same foods.
When it came to disgust for a food, infants looked longer when actors disagreed over a food being disgusting, even when the actors came from different social groups. The finding suggests infants might be vigilant toward potentially dangerous foods, and expect all people to avoid foods that are disgusting, regardless of their social group.
Obamacare open enrollment starts on November 1, and President Trump is using Twitter to blame Democrats for premium increases, and promising yet again to repeal the health care law.
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal & Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017
Do Democrats “own” the rising rates, though? Not if you ask the health insurers and policy experts who have set and study those premiums.
As Vox documented in great detail, premiums on the law's marketplaces were expected to stabilize this year, as insurers finally adjusted to the customers who were buying coverage. Single-digit rate increases, on average, were anticipated. It wasn't perfect, but the law was reaching an equilibrium.
But then Trump intervened. He sowed uncertainty about whether the law's individual mandate would be enforced. He cut funding for advertising and enrollment outreach.
Then the president stopped key cost-sharing payments to health insurers, which compensate companies for offering discounts on out-of-pocket costs to their lower-income customers. Insurers had warned they would hike rates as a result.
As Vox reported earlier, health plans and actuaries say Trump's actions have raised premiums by at least 25 percent and as much as 45 percent from what they otherwise would have been.
Millions of Americans who receive federal assistance to buy insurance will be insulated from the rising rates. But the law's middle-class customers who make too much money to receive that aid — many of them Republicans — will be on the hook.
No matter what Trump tweets.
The Warehouse, that venerable painted box on Cimarron Street, is about to get a fresh reboot for a foodier culture and you'll see the proof tonight.
The restaurant closed a few months ago, ending the proprietorship of Chip Johnson, but sparking the return of 40-year-old chef James Africano, who spent almost 10 years in the Warehouse kitchen before leaving in 2007 to cook for Ted Turner's Vermejo Park Ranch in New Mexico.
Africano recently sat down with the Report in a busy dining room, with groups of staff training in one corner and new beer lines being installed in another. Some walls have been removed, fresh paint coats some surfaces, and one area that used to hold dining tables is now remade with high-tops and a new TV. But there's still the same sense of place that's made the Warehouse a unique environment, the walls still home to local artists like Holly Parker.
“You know what is really exciting?” Africano says. “I've been in the building now full-time for almost two weeks, and on and off since the middle of July, and it's exciting to me to give the Warehouse back to Colorado Springs. Now, that might sound funny or altruistic, but I'm just excited to meet the people that are excited to be back in the building.”
It might be a more diverse crowd, this time around, as Africano wants to change the place from thrice-yearly high-end dining to thrice-weekly high-end hangout.
The bar will pour 12 to 16 pre-Prohibition cocktails, with staff who have worked at places like The Blue Star and The Famous. They'll be joined by taps, cans and bottles representing Colorado Springs, with a few rare imports like Estrella Damm Inedit, a witbier made by famed chef Ferran Adrià. The 40-bottle wine list includes “lots of off-the-beaten-path wines,” says Africano. “We've got some stuff in there that's $60, $70, $80, but everything else is in that $21 to $51 range, where you don't feel super guilty at the end of the meal.”
But food is the star, and it's where the biggest changes will be seen. “We're really making a move to casualize the feel of it, bring the prices down,” Africano says. “I hate the terms, but it's what everybody knows: We have some shareable plates, some small stuff.”
That means flights of dips and spreads like pimento cheese, guacamole and humuus. But it also means interesting versions of established classics, like the chef's take on buffalo wings. “One of the favorites that I'll have on the menu is rabbit wings,” he says. “It's the forelegs of rabbits, which are like trash: Everybody throws them away, or poaches them and spins them out and turns them into sausage. So we're going to serve these chipotle-hot-sauced rabbit front legs that are confited in olive oil first, and then deep fried, finished with the sauce and served with a blue-cheese fondue and pickled carrots.”
Almost everything on the dinner menu is under $19, though there are plates like a 20-ounce bone-in bison rib eye from Turner's Great Range Brand Bison for $28. “It's like a $60 meal anywhere else in the world,” Africano explains. “But I want people to eat it and enjoy it and have it and be able to experience what it is.” But mostly expect meats like steelhead trout, quail and pork flat iron steaks. Some bread will be baked in-house, some by Shawn Saunders' Sourdough Boulangerie.
And then dessert will variations on cookies and ice cream, with the latter from Anne & Mann's Homemade Ice Cream. The restaurant will then sell a dozen day-old cookies for $10 and donate $9 of it to a school chosen by drawing every month.
So, with all that in mind, hit the preview party tonight from 5 to 9 p.m. Food is free, with a cash bar. Otherwise, the grand opening comes at 6 p.m. on October 23.
“It's exciting to be back, get it cleaned up and turned into something exciting, people will talk about a lot,” Africano says. “Every so often this kind of restaurants need a little new life breathed into them.”
[Image: Bryce Crawford]
If you work with network infrastructure, you know that it has a tendency to grow warts, that is, it drifts from its original configuration. One of our goals in building Fugue as the operating system (OS) for the cloud and a single source of truth and trust for your infrastructure is to prevent this drift from occurring by maintaining your infrastructure's known good status. After all, "a trusted system only does what its author intends."
Previously, we've focused on the "warts" grown by compute instances, but this problem is present in other infrastructure components, such as networks. Configuration drift in networks often occurs when manual intervention is involved to deploy and maintain them. I have seen network configurations that take up hundreds of rows in spreadsheets and are deployed by hand, line by line. When the application isn't functioning properly, direct manual intervention is usually the go-to solution to open up ports and IP address range.
This often means the new configuration is not up-to-date in the original spreadsheet. Temporary fixes then become permanent because they are forgotten. When a new service is added to the application, more manual intervention is required. This manual intervention not only exposes applications to possible security risks—through inadvertently opening up security group rules—but can cause significant application downtime when rules or routes are mistakenly deleted.
The challenge of configuring networks has been partially solved through DevOps tools and services like AWS CloudFormation, which replaces manual implementation with infrastructure automation. In this world, network configurations can live in a controlled domain specific language (DSL) or template that is repeatable, auditable, and testable.
However, many of these tools fall short. They simply deploy the network configurations but do not enforce intended state beyond the initial deployment. This becomes apparent when a manual change is imparted on the network after it was deployed using these tools. In the worst case, the changes are left as-is. In the best case, only the rules that were originally deployed are enforced.
Fugue brings automation and control of networks one step further. Fugue strives to always bring networks back to the intended state when they were deployed. If rules originally defined in a composition are deleted, Fugue will restore them. If new rules find their way into your network that were not defined in the composition, Fugue will remove them.
To illustrate, let's take a look at a short but powerful example involving AWS security groups:
security-group web-elb-sg: description: 'Allow port 80 from the world' ingress-rules: { 80: all-tcp } egress-rules: { 0-65535: all-tcp }security-group web-server-sg: description: 'Allow port 80 from the web-elb-sg Security Group' ingress-rules: { 80: allow-from-web-elb } egress-rules: { 0-65535: all-tcp }rule allow-from-web-elb: ip-protocol: 'tcp' groups: [ web-elb-sg ]
In the Ludwig code above, we have defined the web-server-sg security group, which allows ingress port 80 traffic that has originated from the web-elb-sg . When this code is compiled and run, the Fugue Conductor will make sure the security groups and rules that you have defined in your composition are deployed in your AWS account.
But the Conductor does not stop there. As with EC2 instances, the Conductor periodically checks (currently every 10 seconds) your running composition against what was originally defined and compiled. If the network infrastructure fails to match what the Conductor sees in the composition, it will make the requisite changes in your infrastructure to maintain fidelity with the original.
Let's put Fugue to the test by growing some warts in our network. To do this, I will play the well-meaning but green SysAdmin who wanted to take a look at some server logs while the web servers were running (we assume he wasn't aware of the log management system that was just implemented).
Logging into the AWS management console, I will add a security group rule that allows SSH from 0.0.0.0/0. As you can see in the video below, within seconds of adding the rule, the rule is removed, returning the security group to its original configuration.
Now, let's look at it from another angle. Let's say that it is Friday afternoon, and our well-meaning SysAdmin wanted to check the security rules in the AWS account before he left for the weekend. In this case, we will simulate a scenario where he inadvertently deletes the security group rule that allows Port 80 ingress traffic to their web servers. Unaware of what he has done, he promptly shuts his laptop and heads to the pub.
In typical situations, this scenario could cause a significant site outage. If we take a look, we see that in this scenario, the site would only suffer up to 10 seconds of downtime. The Conductor does its check and quickly re-creates the security group rule, just as it was defined in the Ludwig composition.
This doesn't only apply to security groups and rules. The Conductor will also maintain the fidelity of other network configurations such as VPC routes, network ACLs, internet gateways, and subnets, to name a few.
But What if I Want to Change Something in my Composition?
Making changes to a running composition is simple. Let's say you want to add a rule to the ELB security group that allows port 443 from the internet. First, modify your Ludwig composition to reflect those changes.
security-group web-elb-sg: description: 'Allow port 80 and 443 from the world' ingress-rules: { 80: all-tcp, 443: all-tcp } egress-rules: { 0-65535: all-tcp }security-group web-server-sg: description: 'Allow port 80 from the web-elb-sg Security Group' ingress-rules: { 80: allow-from-web-elb } egress-rules: { 0-65535: all-tcp }rule allow-from-web-elb: ip-protocol: 'tcp' groups: [ web-elb-sg ]
When you have finished editing go to the Fugue CLI and run the following commands:
$ fugue load foo.lw$ fugue update foo.lw
Fugue's load command compiles the modified composition and uploads it to S3. Fugue's update command then signals the Conductor to grab the updated version from S3 and apply the changes to the existing running composition.
Why is This Important?
You can spend hours each week manually maintaining and modifying network configurations and still, the warts will grow. It's just not a smart use of employee resources. Fugue provides an automated and deterministic way to deploy, maintain, and update infrastructure components. Tell the Conductor what you would like and it will make it happen and keep it there.
With Fugue, you can maintain the fidelity of your networks and at the same time reduce deployment times and ongoing maintenance burdens. Because the Ludwig DSL is intent-based, repeatable, enforceable, and auditable, you can operate your applications with the confidence of knowing that your network configurations are constantly maintained at the state they intended.
With immutable network infrastructure, meeting strict internal and external security and compliance requirements for your applications is just a few lines of code away.
Astros reliever Brandon Lyon underwent his scheduled surgery Thursday in Pensacola, Fla., as Dr. James Andrews repaired a detachment of his right biceps tendon and repaired his right labrum, which had been a lingering injury.
Lyon is expected to miss the rest of the season and will start range-of-motion exercises in two weeks.
The procedure had been open-ended, as Andrews and Astros team physician Dr. David Lintner, who was present at the surgery, knew the biceps would have to be fixed but were set to explore the labrum and rotator cuff.
Lyon finished his season with an ERA of 11.48 and four saves in eight chances around two stints on the disabled list. He has one more full season on a three-year, $15 million contract signed before the 2010 season.
No rush for Castro
At anything close to this pace, he's not going to be the difference between a playoff run and an October at home, so there's not that pressure on catcher Jason Castro.
Castro made it clear he's going to try to be back in September, as general manager Ed Wade said Wednesday was a possibility.
“Obviously I want to play,” Castro said. “When that's going to be, I think right now it's too early to tell just because we're just starting to get into the more serious stuff.”
That has involved swinging off a tee in addition to his running. Castro has also begun agility drills including jumping and side-to-side motion.
The would-be major league sophomore was diagnosed with a torn anterior cruciate ligament March 4 after taking a bad step to avoid a tag in a spring training game. He said there have been no setbacks in what was estimated as a six-month recovery and he is Florida-bound in mid-July to continue there.
“If I were to be able to come back and play this year at all, I would be thrilled with that,” Castro said. “That's definitely my goal to push myself as hard as I can and have that possibility of coming back. But at the same time, I'm realistic as to the progression of the rehab.”
With his season being abbreviated if it even starts at all, Castro might seek options in winter ball.
Carpenter debuts
Astros reliever David Carpenter made his major league debut Thursday, working the eighth inning of a victory over the Rangers.
A scoreless eighth inning in a 7-0 victory.
Carpenter, a converted catcher, had a 19-inning scoreless streak at Class AAA Oklahoma City when he got the call to the major leagues. Among those in the crowd of 25,938 who witnessed his three-up, three-down outing were his parents.
“I was trying not to look at anybody else,” Carpenter said. “I was trying to pull the bill of my hat down as far as I could, just concentrate on looking at (catcher J.R. Towles) glove.”
Carpenter, 25, struck out the first hitter he faced, Craig Gentry. What would an EKG of Carpenter look like while he was on the mound?
“It would have been all over the place,” Carpenter said. I'm just really happy I was able to get a chance to go out there and be part of a win.”
Keppinger out
Second baseman Jeff Keppinger was scratched from the lineup roughly 90 minutes before the game because he was experiencing nausea. Angel Sanchez took his spot at second base and in the No. 2 hole in the order.
Catching up
Catcher J.R. Towles returned to action behind the plate six days after taking a foul ball to the mask and needing 11 stitches to repair the gash.
Catcher Humberto Quintero will start his rehab assignment today with Class AAA Oklahoma City. He is targeting a return for the Pirates series coming after the All-Star break.
WASHINGTON -- Syracuse University officials say U.S. Rep. Claudia Tenney spread "categorically false" information this week about the university's position on the Republican tax plan making its way through Congress.
Tenney, R-New Hartford, defended her vote for the GOP bill in a live interview Wednesday on Utica radio station WUTQ-FM (100.7).
"If this was bad for college students and colleges, why would Syracuse University, the largest higher educational institution in our region, why are they supporting the tax plan?" Tenney said.
SU, in fact, has publicly criticized the Republican tax overhaul because it would end tax deductions for interest paid on student loans, tax tuition benefits received by graduate students and the children of university employees, and impose a 1.4 percent excise tax on investment income from college endowments.
"To be clear: To suggest that Syracuse University has endorsed or supports the tax reform legislation currently making its way through congress is categorically false," SU Vice Chancellor Mike Haynie said in a statement Friday.
SU Chancellor Kent Syverud outlined his concerns in a letter sent Nov. 20 to Rep. John Katko and shared by email with students, faculty and staff.
A spokeswoman for Tenney said Friday that she mistakenly believed an online student opinion column in The Daily Orange, the campus newspaper, was expressing the view of SU's administration on the tax plan.
"Rep. Tenney misspoke during an interview Wednesday morning about Syracuse University's position on the tax reform plan," said Hannah Andrews, speaking for Tenney. "She apologizes for any confusion that this may have caused and fully understands the university's position on the tax plan."
Andrews said she called university officials on behalf of Tenney to apologize for the mistake.
In the same radio interview, Tenney correctly noted that an editorial published by syracuse.com and The Post-Standard was supportive of the tax plan.
Haynie, in his statement, said that Syverud has publicly stated that SU "has grave policy concerns" about the tax overhaul and could result in "serious budgetary impacts for the university."
Katko, R-Camillus, also voted for the House version of the tax overhaul bill, but has been trying to persuade GOP leaders to make changes in conference committee negotiations with members of the Senate.
Katko was among about 30 Republican House members who signed a letter Thursday to House and Senate GOP leaders asking them to keep the income exclusion for graduate tuition waivers.
"A tax on graduate tuition waivers would be unfair, would undermine our competitive position, and would inhibit the economic growth that tax reform promises," Katko and his colleagues wrote in the letter.
Contact Mark Weiner anytime: Twitter | Facebook | 571-970-3751
COMMENT: The coach deserves to be remembered along with the very best that Europe has produced after a remarkable career
OTTMAR HITZFELD: THE CV
FC Aarau
Swiss Cup
Grasshopper
Swiss Super League
Swiss Cup
Swiss Super Cup
Dortmund
Champions League
Bundesliga
DFB Super Cup
Bayern
Champions League
Intercontinental Cup
Bundesliga
DFB Pokal
DFB Ligapokal
1985
1989-90, 90-91
1989, 90
1989
1996-97
1994-95, 95-96
1994-95, 95-96
2000-01
2001
1998-99, 99-00, 00-01, 02-03, 07-08
1999-00, 02-03, 07-08
1998, 99, 00, 07
By Robin Bairner in BrazilWhen Angel Di Maria latched onto Lionel Messi's pass after nearly two hours of intense action to ensure Argentina's progression to the quarter-finals of the World Cup, it was the action the brought the curtain down not only on Switzerland's campaign, but also the career of storied coach Ottmar Hitzfeld.His has been a career that ranks in the very top echelons of European bosses. Alongside two Champions League crowns sit seven Bundesliga titles and two Swiss Super Leagues, while his achievement of lifting unfashionable Switzerland into the top 10 of the Fifa Ranking is also a notable accomplishment, even if it is overshadowed by his array of titles."I'm proud of my career," he reflected after the loss on Tuesday afternoon. "I've had some marvellous teams. It's been a great honour and I have a heart full of emotion."A coaching career that came to an end in São Paulo's World Cup grandeur started in far less salubrious surroundings of Zug, before spells at Aarau and Grasshopper earned him his first shot in the Bundesliga.As in his playing days, the 65-year-old began in Switzerland before moving back to his home country. Where he had been a player with Stuttgart, he was to become a coach with Dortmund, and it was with BVB he ended a near 15-year drought of German European champions by beating the mighty Juventus in 1997. For this achievement, he was named World Coach of the Year.Greater heights would be scaled with Bavaria, where he enjoyed two spells totalling over seven years. Most memorably, he would become only the second coach in the 50-year history of the European Cup to win it with two different clubs, following in the footsteps of the legendary Ernst Happel by beating Valencia on penalties in 2001.The two European crowns lifted by Hitzfeld's sides were the only ones the German top flight would muster in two decades until Bayern Munich regained the title in 2013.Hitzfeld was educated in the same coaching school as many of the modern greats, amongst them Sir Alex Ferguson, Fabio Capello and Jupp Heynckes, though his achievements have been cast unjustly into the shadows.Like Ferguson, Capello and Heynckes, Hitzfeld, named Bayern's greatest ever coach in 2005, should be considered a European giant.Indeed, had he replaced the Scot at Manchester United in 2002, as he turned down the opportunity to do before Ferguson's retirement U-turn, his story may now be cast in a more favourable light, as the Bundesliga was not the draw in Hitzfeld's hayday as it is now.The coach, who was born in south Germany close to the Swiss border, has never been one for fashion, though. When he led Dortmund to their greatest moment, they were by no means considered one of Europe's elite sides, yet they overcame opponents studded with diamonds such as Zinedine Zidane and Didier Deschamps.Indeed, it was only during his time with Bavaria can he really claim to have spent significant time with a genuinely great outfit.It was fitting, therefore, that his time has come to a close with Switzerland, a country with little meaningful footballing pedigree, yet one that is now well placed to reap the benefits of Hitzfeld's wisdom in the years to come and the cosmopolitan Vladimir Petkovic.The legacy the German has left is ultimately one of unity, having drawn a group of players from varying backgrounds together to become one of the best 16 teams in the world, running a potent Argentina team very close in the meantime.The coach described the occasion as "the highlight of his career" to the media, and had it not been for the dancing feet of Messi and Di Maria's crisp late finish, he may have enjoyed an even greater stage from which to bow out on, though only the final would have provided one fitting for a great of the modern game.
News broke on Saturday that former USC head coach Steve Sarkisian was heading to Tuscaloosa to discuss a coaching position at Alabama.
If Sark does end up with a job there, he'll be one of five former head coaches on Nick Saban's coaching staff:
If Sark joins @AlabamaFTBL, Saban will have 5 HC's on staff: Mario Cristobal, Bobby Williams, Mike Locksley, Kiffin, Sark. #RollTideRoll — Matt Hayes (@MattHayesCFB) September 4, 2016
Lane Kiffin is the former head coach of Tennessee and USC, Sarkisian has had the head job at Washington and USC and Mike Locksley (New Mexico/Maryland) Mario Cristobal (Florida International) and Bobby Williams (Michigan State) all have experience running a program, too.
If any other coach had that many former head coaches on his staff, it might be difficult to manage egos, but it's probably safe to say that, under Saban, everyone knows who's in charge.
Canadian-born pop star Justin Bieber organized a birthday bash in Stratford over the weekend for his younger sister and three Burlington princesses were brought in as part of the entertainment.
One of Bieber's agents called Burlington-based Fantasy Fables late Friday saying the 21-year-old was throwing a huge Frozen-themed party the next day for his younger sister Jazmyn's 7th birthday.
The late notice was to keep the paparazzi from camping outside the property.
“It was really exciting,” said Stefanie Bittcher, an assistant director at Fantasy Fables who also travelled along to help the princesses.
“We worked so hard just to finalize everything because 24 hours is kind of tricky to get everything together but we did do it.”
Princess' Elsa and Anna from the movie Disney's Frozen, and Ariel from the The Little Mermaid, arrived around noon Saturday at dad Jeremy Bieber's ranch near Stratford.
Tents, carnival rides, and a rock wall were set up across the property. There were also magicians and clowns to keep the kids entertained.
“It looked like a little fair,” said Bittcher. “He (Justin) definitely went out of his way to make his sister feel special.”
Bittcher said almost all of Stratford was invited and Bieber flew in on his private jet from Los Angeles especially for the affair.
“As soon as I drove up he was there playing with the kids,” she said. “He was helping them climb up the rock wall; it was very sweet.”
June 19-20, 2009 • NYU
"This conference is about building and protecting the underlying architecture for the emerging online video medium. But it's also about exploring the future of the internet. As video becomes a preferred mode of communication, it's increasingly important that video devices and content aren't locked down. The open web is still in its infancy, and there are unimaginably cool things coming down the pipeline."
Oct 1-2, 2010 • FIT
"We need to ensure that creativity is compensated; that the tools for making and watching video are accessible and widely distributed; that the network for delivering video is open to all producers, and that public policy supports massive numbers of people participating in the media. Basic literacy now demands that it's just as easy to make and share video as it is to consume video."
On June 17, Lara Logan, CBS News' Chief Foreign Correspondent, had this exchange with Jon Stewart:
STEWART: Do you watch the news that we're watching? LOGAN: No. STEWART: …in the United States? Do you see what we're hearing about the war? So, we might actually know everything? LOGAN: If I were to watch the news that you hear in the United States—I'd just blow my brains out because it would drive me nuts.
The following night, CBS Evening News spent the first four-and-a-half minutes of its broadcast on star golfer Tiger Woods' injury. (View full clip here.)
This is how anchor Russ Mitchell (filling in for Katie Couric) began this opening story, which accounted for, excluding commercials, nearly one quarter of the night's newscast:
RUSS MITCHELL: Just two days after one of his greatest victories, the season is over for perhaps the biggest name in sports. Tiger Woods, the world's number one golfer, said today he needs reconstructive knee surgery to a pair of torn ligaments. It is a major blow for Woods and for the sport itself.
I contacted CBS and asked them how they not only justified making this their lead story but saw fit to devote nearly a quarter of their broadcast to it.
I received the following statement from Rick Kaplan, Executive Producer of CBS Evening News, who, I was also informed, had a direct hand in making this decision:
“The Tiger Woods injury story was of major importance and we felt we needed to devote time to it as the lead. Tiger is arguably one of the world's premiere athletes and his career is in some jeopardy with Tiger halting playing the sport for the year. It was certainly the most talked about story of the day, and the biggest story in most national newspapers. Our story contained implications for sports, millions of fans, and many aspects of business; which have by and large been revolutionized by the Tiger Woods phenomenon.”
If you want to know why such thin gruel often passes for serious news on network television, Mr. Kaplan's statement perfectly underscores the warped priorities of corporate media.
In addition to subsequent Evening News reports that night on the disastrous floodwaters in the U.S., the debate over offshore drilling and the increasing cases of salmonella poisoning from tomatoes, all of which were deemed less pressing than news Woods had cut short his golf season (a story about a $200 hamburger arguably the only piece less newsworthy), here's a shortlist of stories of the day denied any airtime on the broadcast because Tiger's injury "was of major importance":
Israeli Defense Officials Confirm Cease-Fire with Hamas to Begin Thursday
Baghdad Insists on Right to Veto US Operations
Bill Extending Jobless Benefits Is Blocked By G.O.P.
Baghdad Blast Leaves 51 Dead, And the Shiites Call for Revenge
Notes Show Confusion on Interrogation Methods
One-Third of People Shot by Taser Need Medical Attention
Chinese Quake Toll, 69,172, Is Just a Guess
Senators Deny Knowing Of Home Loan Favoritism; Senate Ethics Panel Is Investigating
More Illegal Crossings Are Criminal Cases, Group Says
Conflicts Displacing More People
UN Says 5 Million Could Go Hungry in Zimbabwe Due to Drop in Food Production, High Inflation
Man with Deadly Skin Cancer Saved by New Treatment
Sudan: Darfur Groups Urge U.N. Action
US Targets Venezuela-Based Hezbollah Helpers
Taliban Take Afghan Villages In South in Prelude to Battle
Three Men Charged for Politkovskaya Murder: Investigators
New Florida Rules Return More Than 115,000 Ex-Offenders to Voting Rolls
Pakistani Fury Over U.S. Airstrikes Imperils Training of Frontier Force
In that same interview with Jon Stewart the previous night, CBS' Logan went on to further denounce American press coverage:
"Tell me the last time you saw the body of a dead American soldier. What does that look like? Who in American knows what that looks like? Because I know what that looks like, and I feel responsible for the fact that no one else does. ... And the soldiers do feel forgotten, they do. No doubt. From Afghanistan to Iraq, they absolutely feel -- you know, we may be tired of hearing about this five years later, they still have to go out and do the same job."
The very next night, her bosses chose to lead with a four-and-a-half minute story on an injured golf star.
Yesterday, the man in charge of CBS Evening News defended that decision without pause.
[Editor's Note: A special thanks to Bill W. and Nicole Belle over at Crooks and Liars for lassoing the full video of this story through RedLasso.com. (According to CBS, the piece online was edited due to rights restrictions on sports coverage featured at the beginning of the report.) Also, a big thanks to my good friend Danny G. for tipping me off to this story.]
If there's one thing Grey's Anatomy does well, it's making its audience cry. And I'm not just talking about watery eyes or a single tear. I'm talking full on, blubbery ugly crying. How appropriate, then, that the title of this particular episode is “All I Could Do Was Cry.”
April and Jackson's story is profoundly sad, and the decision over what to do about the baby only made the differences in how they each see the world more clear. What's beautiful is the the way they come to decision, with the help of Jackson's mother. She suggests that they induce so that April can hold the baby for as long as possible. It's poetic and completely heart-wrenching.
Still, April struggles with the decision, and it isn't until she comes across a woman who has just lost someone of her own that she garners the strength to make that decision. She holds the woman close and tells her that she is strong, and that she will get through this. But we all know that as much as she is saying those kind words to the woman, she is also saying them to herself.
Jackson finds himself trying to pray in the chapel, asking God to show up for April. That was just one of several moments that I burst out in tears, by the way. Jackson is not religious at all, but he still seeks that help when nothing else works.
The scene when the baby is born is almost too emotional. The writers and the actors and everyone involved should win an award, because it was that well done. Special kudos to Sarah Drew and Jesse Williams, who I'd have loved to reach through the screen and hug.
But seriously, can someone please have a baby without going through something terrible or sad on this show? Just once, I think it would be nice for someone to have a pregnancy where the baby is healthy and there are no car wrecks or power outages or crazy tragedies.
That brings me to Amelia, who I wish we could have actually seen a little more. April and Jackson's news has an affect on Amelia because of the baby she lost. She suggests everyone light a candle in the chapel for April and Jackson's baby. Throughout the episode, that's exactly what everyone does, with this really wonderful overhead shot that shows everyone as they light their candles. Amelia walks in at the end to see more than a few candles lit, and it's obvious how much all of this has affected her.
Then, Owen walks in. I've said before that I thought we might be seeing these two get together, and the moment when he sits with her and holds her hand tells me that's exactly what's going to happen. And I'm thrilled. Not only is it time to see both of them in a happy relationship, but I think they are going to compliment each other really well.
Other thoughts:
It's Richard and Maggie who pull through for Meredith so she can visit Derek in D.C, which actually makes a lot of sense. I do think the Meredith/Maggie relationship feels forced at this point, but at least it is being developed. It's also showing more growth for Meredith's character.
By the way, that's an entire episode with no sign of Derek. I'm conflicted about this. Generally, I think it's good for the show to have the two of them separated for a while, and it's good for Meredith's character. But what's Grey's Anatomy without McDreamy?
Bailey and Callie working together is fun to watch. I'd forgotten how much I loved their scenes and how much the two of them have been through together professionally. More of this, please!
That pregnant patient this week, of course, made matters that much more emotional. The good news is that this family gets their miracle.
What did you think of “All I Could Do Was Cry”? How do you feel about Maggie and Meredith's relationship? Is it a problem that Derek is missing? And how many times did you cry while you watched?! Share your thoughts in the comments below!
Reviewer Rating:
User Rating:
[Total: 4 Average: 3.5/5]
Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8/7c on ABC.
You might also like:
George Springer is hitting for contact.
Much has been written about how, this year, the Astros have easily the lowest strikeout rate in baseball. One of the most strikeout-heavy lineups around has opted to put the bat on the ball, and now the Astros have a giant lead in wRC+. Part of that improvement in contact comes from adding players like Josh Reddick and Brian McCann. Part of that improvement in contact comes from the emergence of Yulieski Gurriel. And part of that improvement in contact comes from George Springer's improvement in contact.
Young players improve. When you start to learn the major leagues, you tend to get better. But this — this is extraordinary. This isn't just a young Astros player doing better at baseball. This is *George Springer,* making contact on a consistent basis, and if that doesn't immediately grab your attention, perhaps it's because you've forgotten what Springer used to be.
Again, young players improve. We've seen other fairly dramatic strides in contact, from players like Kris Bryant and Joc Pederson. No one fresh out of the minors is considered a finished product, and you should generally expect some measure of development. But George Springer, the prospect, was something extreme. I wrote about it in February of 2014. Even in the high minors, Springer would swing right through the ball. And then he debuted in the bigs. He did well! Hit for power, in a low-power season. But contact was not one of his strengths.
Springer, in 2014, swung at nearly half the pitches he saw. When he did swing, he missed with two out of every five hacks. I can give you some context. Dating back to 2002, we have record of 4,941 individual player-seasons with at least 250 plate appearances. Springer's contact rate in 2014 ranks fifth-lowest in the entire sample. He was in Joey Gallo territory. That's not even an exaggeration. Springer made 61% contact. Gallo this year has made 59% contact.
That's not who George Springer is anymore. He's still somewhere in between being a young player and a veteran, but Springer has been making yearly progress. Behold his progressive contact rates, compared against the league average.
The league-average line has been intersected. As the league has moved away from contact, Springer has moved closer toward it, and, obviously, with Springer making more contact, that means he's striking out less often.
There's a big improvement between 2014 and 2015, and there's another big improvement between 2016 and 2017. Springer now has a lower-than-average strikeout rate, and he ranks in the 67th percentile in terms of strikeout avoidance with two strikes. He's gotten better in general, and he's gotten better situationally, and in the following contact-rate heat maps, you can see where Springer has zoned in.
These are from the catcher's perspective, and Springer is a right-handed batter, so he'd be standing on the left side of these plots. The dramatic improvement here is up, and inside. Compare the upper thirds of the strike zones. In particular, compare the left and middle squares within the upper thirds. That used to be a weakness, but Springer's bat is now finding those pitches more often. He's closed up a hole, in other words, and not very many remain, given Springer's especially disciplined eye.
Players just don't do what Springer has done. Not to such an extent. This is only Springer's fourth season, but his career-low contact rate is 61%, and his career-high contact rate is 78%. The difference there are 17 percentage points, right? I looked, again, at every player who's had 250-plate-appearance seasons since 2002. Springer already ranks in first place, in terms of having the biggest gap between his contact-rate high and his contact-rate low. And, remember, he's trending in a positive direction. His contact rate isn't 17 points worse. He's already done something recently unprecedented.
That's not even the whole of the story. Because, in 2017, we're seeing the best contact version of George Springer yet. And even within 2017, Springer's making more contact still.
Look at how that strikeout rate has plummeted. Springer last played on Sunday, September 17. I examined the three-month period, beginning June 18. Over that span, Springer batted nearly 300 times, and he hit .304, with a 148 wRC+. More importantly, he struck out less than 13% of the time. That had him sandwiched between names like Francisco Lindor and Mookie Betts. Springer's strikeout rate was only one percentage point higher than Jose Altuve's. His three-month strikeout rate ranked as the 20th-best, out of 217 players. More recently, Springer has been almost an *extreme* contact hitter, and, coincidentally or not, this is linked with a change in his approach. Here's a Springer swing from earlier in the year.
Here's a Springer swing from just the other day.
The changes aren't all that subtle, as swing changes go. They're visible to the naked eye, and as I went back to watch highlight after highlight, it looked like Springer started to make adjustments somewhere in June. Immediately, you can spot a difference in stance, with the more recent Springer standing open, instead of closed. Yet stance is only so important, since it's more about timing and hitting position. The recent Springer doesn't turn his back so far away from the pitcher. He doesn't get so coiled up. And Springer has also somewhat muted his leg kick. It's still there, but it's not so aggressive, something almost in between a regular leg kick and a toe tap. George Springer used to be known for his violent, powerful swing. These days, he's quieted himself, and the bat is more often finding the baseball. In this era, it's not like Springer needs to put everything he possibly can into a batted ball, anyway. The damage will be there. The strength isn't gone.
Springer's having the best contact season of his young career. Within this season, he's spent three months as one of the premier contact hitters around. He's walking and he's hitting for power, and he's also not striking out, seemingly at least in part because of how he's changed his own swing. It's not like it's astonishing that George Springer is good. George Springer has always been good. What's astonishing is the *way* that he's good. Springer reached the majors at a time when baseball was more willing than ever to accept his tendency to swing at a pitch and miss. But as baseball has come to terms with the strikeout, Springer has attempted to avoid them. Even more than that, it's worked.
You wait. You wait. The light won't turn green.
Traffic signal sensors that don't detect motorcycles are one of the minor hassles of riding that most people in cars never become aware of. But here are a couple of tips for dealing with the problem, both immediately and in the long term.
Traffic sensors and how they work
I'm amazed at how many people driving cars are utterly oblivious to the way most traffic signals work in the United States. I just shake my head when I see an impatient car driver inching forward at a red light until he's so far forward he is no longer atop the sensor embedded in the pavement. His impatience costs him. Instead of getting a green left-turn arrow, the signal doesn't know he's there and he has to wait for oncoming traffic to pass.
These markings are not urban crop circles left by aliens to show us the way. Photo by Lance Oliver.
Since you ride, and you're more exposed to the world around you, you probably know what I'm talking about. Those rectangular or round markings you see in the pavement at stop lights are actually sensors that let the signals know when someone is waiting. In some cases, they are only placed in left-turn lanes. If someone is waiting to turn left, the signal gives a left-turn arrow. Otherwise, it's just a plain green light. In other cases, such as intersections that aren't very busy, through lanes have sensors and the side street light will remain red indefinitely, if no one is waiting to cross the busier main street.
That can be a problem for us, and it's because of how the sensors work. This document from the Federal Highway Administration does a good job of explaining how they work and it describes experiments done with a bicycle and motorcycle to determine the sensitivity settings needed to detect those smaller vehicles. The short version of the explanation is that those lines you see are where wires are buried two to four inches deep in the pavement. A current flows through the wires and changes in the electromagnetic field of the loop are caused when a vehicle passes over it or stops above it.
No problem with cars and trucks, but with motorcycles, which have less conductive material (and bicycles are worse yet), the signal may not detect the motorcycle if the sensitivity, which is adjustable, is set too low.
When that happens, you're stuck at a red light that may never change.
So what can you do?
Place your motorcycle atop or near the sensor loop in the pavement at a red light to trigger the sensor. Photo by Lance Oliver. First of all, stop your motorcycle with the wheels lined up with one of the cuts in the pavement. This puts the maximum possible amount of conductive material above the wire loop. If you stop in the center of the square, you're making the sensor's job more difficult.
If that doesn't work, it's time for additional measures. Many times, when I've been stuck at a light, if there's a car behind me I edge as far forward as possible and wave to the driver to move forward so the car's wheels are inside the sensor loop. Usually, the driver is clueless about what I'm doing, but some pointing at the pavement and the light sometimes cuts through the fog.
Some states have passed laws that allow a motorcyclist to pass through a red light in a safe manner if it fails to recognize your presence. You can check your state's laws with this chart maintained by the American Motorcyclist Association.
As a longer term solution, if there's a light on your daily route that refuses to recognize your presence, do yourself and fellow riders a favor and try to get it adjusted. You may have to make a few calls. Depending on where you live and whether it's a city street or a state highway, it could fall under the jurisdiction of either a local or state government. The Federal Highway Administration document linked above offers suggestions on which sensitivity levels should be used to detect motorcycles. You could also volunteer to meet the engineer at the site with your motorcycle for some real-world testing to make sure the sensor is set properly.
Can we buy our way out of this problem?
After all, isn't that the American way? There's a product for everything, right?
You can buy magnets that you attach to the bottom of a motorcycle that will supposedly trip the sensor, when your motorcycle alone is not enough. These are sometimes packaged with far fancier descriptions, but basically they're magnets.
Do they work? Years ago, I worked at a motorcycle magazine and we got one of these magnets as a sample. At the time, I often commuted on a small dual-sport that was skimpy in conductive material. Certain lights never deigned to acknowledge my existence. So I was assigned the task of testing the magnet. It didn't make any difference on that bike and at those lights. That ended my testing and I'm not claiming to draw any conclusions beyond that.
The magnets are not to be confused with the gray-market infrared emitters you may have heard of that promise to pave your way with a sea of green lights spreading before you. These devices, which mimic ones used by emergency vehicles, emit infrared signals to traffic lights so they change to green. If you're thinking of buying one, you should know two things: they're illegal, and only a tiny fraction of traffic lights are equipped to respond to those emitters, anyway.
It's not all bad
Is there an upside to this? Of course. I can always find an upside to riding a motorcycle. Because we are aware of our surroundings, unlike many drivers who don't know sensors exist and think stop lights work by magic, we can use this knowledge to our advantage. This balances out the occasional inconvenience of a sensor that refuses to recognize us. Let me give you an example.
Near my home, on a busy, four-lane city street, there's a left-turn lane with a sensor set back where the second car in line would be waiting to turn left. I get no green arrow unless I trip that signal, and most of the day, heavy traffic makes a left turn difficult. So I just stop on top of the sensor, 15 feet back from the intersection, and get my own personal green arrow.
Sometimes people look at me strange for stopping back there. But then they already probably think I'm strange. After all, I'm on a motorcycle. Just the way I like it.
SANAA
Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has proposed an "urgent initiative" aimed at ending the country's political crisis, which calls for halting military operations by both the Shiite Houthi group and an anti-Houthi Gulf coalition.
Saleh called on Yemen's warring camps to "return to the negotiating table in good faith under UN sponsorship."
The former autocrat also called for relocating the venue of peace talks to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) or a local UN office "to continue discussing pending issues."
He also called for halting "all military operations" by the Houthi movement, the Saudi-led Gulf coalition, the Al-Qaeda group and "militias" loyal to embattled President Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi.
Fractious Yemen has been rocked by turmoil since last September, when pro-Houthi forces overran capital Sanaa, from which they have sought to extend their influence to other parts of the country as well.
Several Arab states, all of them allies of Washington, have joined a Saudi-led military offensive that kicked off Wednesday with a string of airstrikes against Houthi positions and assets in Yemen, including some in capital Sanaa.
Some Gulf countries assert that Yemen's Houthi insurgency enjoys the backing of Shiite Iran.
The country has remained in tumult since pro-democracy protests forced autocratic Saleh to step down in 2012 after 33 years in power.
It isn't often that you see startups buying chunks of large corporates, but that's what has happened in Thailand this week.
Following the closure of its $25 million ICO token sale yesterday, Asian fintech startup Omise has bulked up its core payment business after it acquired Paysbuy from Thailand-based mobile operator Dtac.
The deal will see Omise take over Paysbuy's assets and services, which include a payment gateway and digital wallet used by both consumers and businesses in Thailand and Myanmar. Omise is based in Thailand, and it has raised more than $20 million from traditional VCs. Its service also operates in Indonesia and Japan with plans to expand in Asia, while it is hatching grand plans for a decentralized payment network called Omise Go.
Dtac, which is owned by European mobile giant Telenor, acquired Paysbuy back in 2008 in an undisclosed deal that was one of the first startup acquisitions in Thailand. (Side note: one of its two co-founders, Aung Kyaw Moe, started a new payment service called 2C2P following the Dtac deal. 2C2P, which has raised more than $10 million from investors and worked with Facebook, is a rival to Omise.)
This is a curious offload from Dtac. But it seems likely that in the near-10 years that have passed since it acquired Paysbuy, the operator has realized it makes better business sense to work with the best payment firms in the industry directly rather than be, or own, a payment company itself. In a statement, Dtac's chief strategy and digital officer Andrew Kvalseth confirmed that the combined entity will continue to power payments for the operator.
The deal helps Omise increase its market share in Thailand, while the company said it will use the Paysbuy digital wallet to develop its Omise Go service. This week's successful ICO was held to finance the development of Omise Go, which is a decentralized payment service aiming at disrupting the current financial system dominated by banks.
Hello, hello to all the Mamas and Papas out there!
Breastfeeding has become such a politically-charged issue lately that I'm starting to wonder whether President Obama and Governor Romney are going to stake out sides in the “nursing wars” before Election Day — they both are scurrying after the “women's vote,” after all!
Pin for later!
The latest round in this heated debate is coming from a dad. In a piece entitled “A Father's Case Against Breastfeeding” in “The Atlantic,” dad Chris Kornelis argues that rather than encourage breastfeeding, as a society we should encourage “what's healthy for the family as a whole.” And the thing we should encourage? Formula, if that means mom and dad getting longer stints of sleep.
Kornelis' breastfeeding vs. formula case comes in the wake of uproar after uproar over nursing. Last summer, a protest erupted after a breastfeeding mom was asked to cover up in a New Hampshire pub. An Ohio mom was removed from her post as committee chair of her son's Cub Scout pack when she nursed during a meeting. A professor became the center of a firestorm when she brought her ill infant daughter to class and nursed her in front of students. And, in perhaps the biggest brouhaha of all, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's plan to encourage breastfeeding in hospitals by limiting access to formula samples was met by claims that he was denying women's right to choose how to raise their kids.
As for Kornelis' case against breastfeeding? Hmm. I appreciate that a dad is jumping in to this debate and articulating the fact that breastfeeding can be extremely challenging. Having breastfed five babies for more than six years of my life, I heartily agree that it takes dedication and sacrifice and can be a tricky thing to do. But I think Kornelis' article as a whole — which goes way beyond the particularities of his family's situation to take on the AAP and our society's current promotion of breastfeeding — is misguided and flat-out irresponsible.
Here's why:
If the American Academy of Pediatrics determines that breastfeeding is the healthier first choice for babies and for new moms, they are certainly justified in recommending that women try to nurse. They're the experts and they're entitled to make a recommendation. If the docs tell us to take time away from family to go to the gym, no one complains that they're ignoring “the healthiest option for the family.”
Secondly, formula feeding is not necessarily easier for parents. It depends on the individual case and it certainly does not guarantee that you won't be pulling your hair out for lack of sleep when you have a newborn. If you get in the habit of nursing and it works, over time it is often actually really fast and peaceful. You also can pump and freeze milk and have your partner feed the baby so that you can get more sleep. Plenty of time for dad to bond — you don't need formula for that. And when you're on the go, out you go. No bottles, no formula, no contraptions to heat water. In some ways it's more convenient. And it's certainly cheaper.
And finally, giving formula doesn't guarantee that you'll have an easier baby. A lot of babies just don't sleep too much when they're very little. They could have trouble digesting or even colic. They could cluster feed. They could be little itsy bitsy ones who don't take large enough quantities of milk to hold out, and therefore feed every two hours. You just don't know. You get what you get and you DO get upset, but formula is not the miracle solution! And someone has to be there to do the feeding whether it's day or night, which means being awake. Also, many moms don't have the option of switching off with a partner during the night anyway, either because the partner has to sleep for work or because there isn't a partner at all.
None of this is to say that breastfeeding is without complications and struggles, nor that it works in all cases: some women despite trying are simply not able to nurse for a variety of reasons, and far be it from me to judge. But personally speaking, breastfeeding was one of the most special, intimate and satisfying things I've ever done. Bonding with baby through breastfeeding is one of the most precious experiences for a mom. I would hate for women who could successfully nurse to not even try because they've been told it's not worth the effort.
I don't think Kornelis and his wife should feel guilty that she wasn't able to nurse, but I do think he should feel guilty about this article.
I actually worry that mothers who might happily learn to nurse their babies will read this piece and determine that nursing will be just too difficult to manage. We should be encouraging new moms to try to nurse and supporting them, not saying it's too hard and discouraging them.
You might also like:
By JOHN KELLY
The Washington Post
I can pinpoint the exact date our nation's obesity epidemic began. It was in the spring of 1988, and it all started with a little plastic drinking straw.
Well, not so little, actually, which is why I have such a clear memory of the events I am about to describe. I was driving and suddenly became famished. I pulled into a McDonald's.
It was all routine, the food reassuringly familiar. What was different was the straw. It was bigger — had a wider diameter — than any drinking straw I'd seen before. It felt odd between my lips, as if someone had replaced a toothpick with a drum stick.
I eventually became accustomed to the bigger straw. We all did, just as we would eventually become accustomed to the bigger us. But when I ask friends about this — when I say “Do you remember The Day the Straws Got Big?” — I get blank looks.
So I decided to look into this. I found that, yes, you can divide modern U.S. soda consumption into BBS and ABS: Before Big Straws and After Big Straws.
First, though, let us look at the history of the modern drinking straw. It was patented in 1888 by an Ohioan named Marvin Stone.
“He basically invented it just thick enough so no lemon seeds would come into the tube,” said Chrissy Rapanos, a senior market research analyst at Dart Container, one of the country's largest manufacturers of straws.
Stone was tired of getting seeds in his mouth when all he wanted was a refreshing sip of lemonade. He also didn't like the grassy taste from the natural straws commonly used in the 19th century: lengths of dry, hollow rye grass.
Stone's solution was to create a tube from a spiral of paper. For decades, that's what Americans used: paper straws with a diameter just a little smaller than a typical lemon pip.
The next innovation came in 1937, when Joseph Friedman invented the bendy straw. Things were quiet on the straw-technology front until the 1960s, when plastic straws started to replace paper ones.
And then, around 1988, the plastic straws got wider.
There is some speculation in straw circles that this can actually be traced to milkshakes, not sodas. Allegedly, McDonald's shakes were so thick that narrower straws collapsed when customers tried in vain to suck them.
No quick-service restaurant likes to maintain multiple utensils, and so the same straws were used for all beverages. (McDonald's politely declined to comment on the size of its straws.)
Here are the categories and sizes that most American straw manufacturers use: milk (0.15 inches in diameter), jumbo (0.21 inches), super jumbo (0.24), giant (0.28) and colossal (0.47 inches and used mostly for bubble tea).
My observation is that in the late 1980s, fast food restaurants went from jumbo to giant. A bigger straw means more consumption of beverage, said Janine Madden, who works for Precision Products Group, a company whose holdings include Stone Industrial in College Park, Md., descendant of Marvin Stone's original straw-making company.
Obviously, correlation does not imply causation. I guess a stickler might point out that it wasn't the bigger straws that made Americans fat, it was the bigger sodas.
Or maybe it was our cool Camaros, which made us want to drive everywhere rather than walk.
Or our engrossing TV shows, which made us want to stay at home in front of the boob tube.
Or our convenient and delicious fast-food restaurants.
Any one of those could have been the last straw.
“He's just slightly touched by autism,” she said.
“What do you mean by slightly touched?” I asked.
“Oh he's high functioning. He just completed his 10th grade. With God's grace, he's able to cope with academics. Of course I had to work very hard, but somehow we managed.”
I've been down this road many times. Still, I continued prodding.
“That's good to hear. Does he have friends? Does he connect with you and the rest of the family? Does he share how his day went with you?”
“I ask him many times but he doesn't tell me. But you know, he scored 74% in the CBSE exam this year.” She continued.
“I'm happy for you.” I said, genuinely feeling her joy. But I had to ask the next question. “How independent is he? Does he take decisions on his own?”
“He follows what I say, most of the time. He can make choices.”
“I don't know what he should do next. Maybe I should enroll him in a vocational center. She voiced anxiously.
Just at that moment, the youngster entered my cabin. His mother asked him to sit down. She had to tell him where to sit. I noted that he was prompted to answer every question. He seemed anxious.
My heart sank.
This time I ask myself a question I've asked many times: “Will we always measure success based on how well a child scores in the 10th grade?”
Scoring high marks makes you, the parent feel that your child is ‘just like everybody else.'
Dear Parent, your child is different. You've experienced this. Why do you continue to push him towards being just like everybody else? Accept he is different.
Work on those academic scores, by all means. But that shouldn't be the criteria for success. Have a vision for your child that exceeds academic scores.
Focus on this factor instead: Relationships
I don't mean a question-answer relationship. I mean a deeper, meaningful, reciprocal relationship. I can hear you say, “Is that even possible?”
Yes it is.
Start with these steps to build that relationship.
1. Engage
Get your child involved in what you do.
Do you wake up and make your bed? Involve your child. Give him an active role. Do not instruct. Do not prompt. Let him watch what you do and figure out what he needs to do. Remember the 45-second rule.
Do you make breakfast? Let him assist you. Let him get you the ingredients, cutlery and crockery required. Watch him. Does he figure it out on his own?
“This will jumpstart a back and forth relationship between you both.
2. Focus
“Put your child on the spot for thinking.
“One mother handed her child the mixer and asked him to help her grind some spices required for a dish. He took 5 minutes to figure out where to plug the mixer in.
“It was amazing that she didn't prompt him. She gave him time. Give your child time to figure things out on his own. This may seem superficial, but the truth is it leads to enhanced neural connectivity in the brain.
“Besides, it makes your child a thinking individual. Do not rob him of thinking.
3. Maximize
“One of my students was poor at conversations.
“He would speak jargon and come up with unconnected responses. We worked out a dinner table ritual. After dinner, the family would start a story telling session. They would invent a story as a team. Each person had to build on a part of the story that the person prior to him/her had stated.
“After 4-6 months, we found substantial improvements in conversation. Dumb charades is a wonderful game to play too. No words, just facial expressions and gestures. Let your child guess what you're trying to say.
“What a fun way to work on non verbal communication!
Your child may know hundreds of words. Does he put them together meaningfully to have a conversation with you? Playing these games works on building foundations of communication.
Your child will automatically get better with speech and language, once you work on foundations.
4. Work
“School can be a difficult place for your child. Work on enhancing your child's mental health and reducing his co-occurring conditions.
“Anxiety and depression are alarmingly high in people with autism. They're different and they know it. They try to fit in and don't understand social nuances or why their classmates are mean to them.
Look out for signs of anxiety and withdrawal in your child. Get in touch with a mental health professional to guide you through this.
One of my students would wake up with the same nightmare over a period of years. It was about his schoolmates chasing him down to a bathroom he was hiding in.
Do address these important issues. They should not be swept under the rug.
5. Create
Strengthen experiences in your child's mind by taking pictures or writing experiences together. Create self awareness.
View pictures, videos with your child often. Let him observe them himself. Spotlight emotions and feelings. Your child will become more aware of himself.
Conclusion
You may have guessed I don't like to use the words ‘high functioning' or ‘low functioning.'
Every person on the spectrum manifests differently. They're individuals in their own right and need to be respected for who they are. Each of them faces issues with some core conditions.
By working on these 5 points, building a relationship with your child, you will remediate the core deficits of autism.
Reach up for the stars, dear friend. Have loftier goals for your child. Focus on your child having gainful employment or holding down a job.
Work on building relationships and friendships. Work on him living as independently as possible.
Your child too has the ability of a winner. Let him soar. Be the wind beneath his wings.
CLOSE The average amount families spent nationwide in 2016-17 for college was $23,757 but costs were significantly higher for families in the northeast, according to the "How America Pays for College Report." Susan Tompor, Detroit Free Press
Graduation cap on stacks of money (Photo: alexsl, Getty Images)
Maria Williams is hoping a little selective reading will help her from keeling over in shock when she gets her first student loan bill in about a year.
"I don't really want to know the total," the Eastern Michigan University senior said Tuesday. "If I just focus on the basic payment due each month, maybe it won't seem so bad. Probably not, but if I see that $25,000 number, that might be it for me."
If Williams, 22, of Ypsilanti, does make it out of school at the end of this school year, she's guessing she'll owe around $25,000. And while that might be a lot of money, it's less than the average owed by the 2016 graduating class at her school and less than the average student loan debt owed by 2016 graduates in Michigan.
Read more:
According to new data released today, the average Michigan graduate with loans owes $30,852 in student loans. That includes both federal loans and private loans. Federal loans are capped at $31,000 total for undergraduate dependent students.
There's good news in that number — it's almost the same as the class of 2015, which owed $30,045, according to the data, which are released annually by the Institute for College Access & Success.
Average student debt at graduation in 2016 ranged from $20,000 in Utah to $36,350 in New Hampshire, and new graduates' likelihood of having debt ranged from 43% in Utah to 77% in West Virginia. Average debt varies even more across colleges, from a low of $4,600 for CUNY (N.Y.) York College to a high of $59,100 for Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in Indiana.
"College is one of the biggest investments Americans make, yet many are making choices without basic information, including how much debt they can expect to graduate with, which varies wildly from college to college and state to state," said Debbie Cochrane, TICAS vice president and report co-author. "We need to make college more affordable and reduce burdensome debt, while giving students and policymakers the information they need to make wise decisions and investments."
The highest average debt states are New Hampshire ($36,367); Pennsylvania ($35,759) and Connecticut ($35,494).
The lowest debt states are Utah ($19,975); New Mexico ($21,373) and California ($22,744).
In Michigan, the public university with the highest reported average debt is Ferris State University, where the average debt is $35,710. The lowest public university is the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where the average debt is $25,712.
In Michigan, the private college/university with the highest reported average debt is Lawrence Technological University at $40,976.
Data were not available for all the private schools. Data were also not available for the class of 2016 at Michigan State University. But in 2015, the average debt for MSU graduates was $26,091.
Twenty percent of all federal loan borrowers have defaulted on their loans, according to data released by the federal government in 2016. That translates into $121 billion of loans in default. That same data show 40% of all borrowers are not making any payments, and are in some sort of forbearance, delinquency or default.
Michigan's graduates had a default rate of 12.8% in 2015, the latest state-by-state breakdown shows.
Contact David Jesse: 313-222-8851 or djesse@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @reporterdavidj.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2xhbTI6
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has joined the three major candidates in a wishy-washy position on marijuana legalization.
Before addressing a rally of his supporters last Saturday the senator from Texas took questions from The Denver Post regarding his stance on weed.
“I think on the question of marijuana legalization, we should leave it to the states,” Cruz told The Denver Post. “If it were me personally, voting on it in the state of Texas, I would vote against it.”
Cruz did, however, give assurances that he would respect the will of the people.
“The people of Colorado have made a different decision. I respect that decision. And actually, it is an opportunity for the rest of the country to see what happens here in Colorado, what happens in Washington state, see the states implement the policies, and if it works well, other states may choose to follow. If it doesn't work well other states may choose not to follow.”
Other than saying he was personally against it, Cruz admitted to having little knowledge about the issues faced by cannabis companies in Denver, such as the inability to utilize the banking system. Cruz declined to take a stance on the solution to woes of the legal cannabis sector.
Hillary Clinton has expressed support for removing cannabis from the list of Schedule I substances. Republican Donald Trump mostly punts the issues to ‘states rights.' Only Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders has openly supported nationwide legalization.
For other people named William Wheeler, see William Wheeler (disambiguation)
William Almon Wheeler (June 30, 1819 – June 4, 1887) was an American politician and attorney. He served as a United States representative from New York from 1861 to 1863 and 1869 to 1877, and the 19th vice president of the United States from 1877 to 1881.
Born in Malone, New York, Wheeler pursued a legal career after attending the University of Vermont. After serving in various local positions, he won election to the New York State Legislature. He served in Congress from 1861 to 1863 and from 1869 to 1877. He was widely respected for his integrity, and refused his salary increase after Congress passed an 1873 pay raise that he opposed.
After the 1876 Republican National Convention settled on Rutherford B. Hayes as the party's presidential nominee after seven ballots, the delegates nominated Wheeler for vice president. Nominated by Congressman Luke P. Poland, Wheeler surged into an early lead over Frederick T. Frelinghuysen, Marshall Jewell, and Stewart L. Woodford to clinch the nomination on the first ballot. Wheeler was nominated because he was popular among his colleagues, having worked to avoid making enemies in Congress. In addition, as a resident of the populous Eastern state of New York, he provided geographical balance to the ticket, since Hayes was from the populous Midwest state of Ohio. The Republican ticket prevailed in the contentious 1876 presidential election, though they lost the popular vote. Though they had not known each other before the convention, Wheeler and Hayes got along amicably while in office. They chose not to seek second terms, and Wheeler returned to Malone after the end of his term. He died in Malone in 1887, and was buried at Morningside Cemetery in Malone.
Early life and career [ edit ]
William Almon Wheeler was born in Malone, New York, and attended Franklin Academy and the University of Vermont, although monetary concerns forced him to drop out without graduating.[1] (Wheeler received the honorary degrees of master of arts from Dartmouth College in 1865 and LL.D. from the University of Vermont (1867) and Union College (1877). In 1876 he received his bachelor of arts degree from the University of Vermont "as in course", making him a graduate of the class of 1842.[2]
He studied law with Asa Hascall, a Malone attorney and politician who served as town supervisor, justice of the peace, district attorney, and member of the New York State Assembly.[3] Wheeler was admitted to the bar in 1845, and practiced in Malone. He was District Attorney of Franklin County from 1846 to 1849. He was a member of the Assembly (Franklin Co.) in 1850 and 1851; and of the New York State Senate (17th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
He was elected as a Republican to the 37th United States Congress, holding office from March 4, 1861, to March 3, 1863. He was elected to the 41st, 42nd, 43rd and 44th United States Congresses, holding office from March 4, 1869, to March 3, 1877.
William A. Wheeler
During his House tenure, Wheeler served as chairman of the Committee on Pacific Railroads (42nd Congress) and the Committee on Commerce (43rd Congress).
Wheeler's reputation for honesty was celebrated by Allan Nevins in his introduction to John F. Kennedy's Profiles in Courage. Roscoe Conkling, a Senator and a political boss once offered, "Wheeler, if you will act with us, there is nothing in the gift of the State of New York to which you may not reasonably aspire." Wheeler declined with "Mr. Conkling, there is nothing in the gift of the State of New York which will compensate me for the forfeiture of my self-respect."[4]
When Congress voted a pay raise in 1873 and made it retroactive for five years (the Salary Grab Act), Wheeler not only voted against the raise, but after it passed he returned his salary increase to the Treasury department.[1]
Wheeler served as President of the New York Northern Railroad.[5] He was also President of the New York State Constitutional Convention which met from June 1867 to February 1868. His acceptance speech gave a ringing endorsement for racial equality:
"[W]e owe it to the cause of universal civil liberty, we owe it to the struggling liberalism of the old world,...that every man within [New York], of whatever race or color, or however poor, helpless, or lowly he may be, in virtue of his manhood, is entitled to the full employment of every right appertaining to the most exalted citizenship."[6]
Election of 1876 [ edit ]
Wheeler was a delegate to the 1876 Republican National Convention, which had nominated Rutherford B. Hayes for President on the seventh ballot.
Hayes/Wheeler campaign poster
Wheeler was considered a "safe" choice for the vice presidential nomination, as he had not made many enemies over the course of his political career, though Roscoe Conkling himself supported the former congressman from New York Stewart L. Woodford. When the time came for the convention to nominate a vice-presidential candidate, congressman Luke P. Poland of Vermont nominated Wheeler, who immediately surged to the lead over Woodford and several other candidates. By the time the roll call reached New York, the result was apparent, and Woodford withdrew, enabling New York to cast all its votes for Wheeler.[7] Wheeler won the nomination with 366 votes to the 89 for his nearest rival Frederick T. Frelinghuysen, who later served on the Electoral Commission which decided the 1876 election in favor of Hayes and Wheeler.
Governor Hayes, when he heard of Wheeler's nomination, wrote to his wife Lucy: "I am ashamed to say: Who is Wheeler?" Hayes and Wheeler had not served in the House of Representatives at the same time, so Hayes was unfamiliar with his running mate.[8]
Vice Presidency (1877–1881) [ edit ]
He was inaugurated in March 4, 1877 and served until March 4, 1881.
Since Wheeler was a recent widower, his wife having died one year before he took office,[1] he was a frequent guest at the White House's alcohol-free luncheons. As Vice President, Wheeler presided over the Senate. According to Hayes, Wheeler "was one of the few Vice Presidents who were on cordial terms, intimate and friendly, with the President. Our family were heartily fond of him."[1]
Hayes had announced at the start of his administration that he would not run for a second term. Wheeler did not run for the 1880 Republican presidential nomination, and retired at the end of his term.
Wheeler's home in Malone, NY
Retirement (1881–1887) [ edit ]
In January 1881, Wheeler received 10 votes in the New York State Legislature's Republican caucus to determine a nominee for the U.S. Senate seat held by Democrat Francis Kernan. The Republican nomination went to Thomas C. Platt, who received 54 caucus votes; the Republicans controlled the legislature, and Platt defeated Kernan 104 votes to 50.
He retired to Malone in March 1881 when his term as vice president was over. In May 1881, Platt and Roscoe Conkling resigned their U.S. Senate seats in a dispute with President James A. Garfield over control of patronage in New York, triggering two special elections. In the legislative election for Platt's seat, it took six weeks of balloting to elect a candidate; Wheeler's name was in consideration, and he received as many as 23 votes before Warner Miller was elected with 76 votes on the 46th ballot.
Wheeler was also a candidate for Conkling's seat; the voting went on for several weeks, and he received as many as 50 votes in earlier ballots before Elbridge G. Lapham won with 92 votes on the 56th ballot.
Wheeler died at his home in Malone, New York at 10:10 A.M on Friday, June 4, 1887, 26 days before his 68th birthday.[9] The funeral was held at the Congregational church in Malone. He was interred next to his wife in Malone's Morningside Cemetery on June 7, 1887.[10]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
The medicinal marijuana debate was thrown wide open today by the ABC's Vote Compass Poll. Nearly 80% of the 35,000 people surveyed were in favour of marijuana being legal for medical purposes. The most wild part though, is that 84% of people over the age of 55 (that's right, you read correctly, over) were in favour, either agreeing or strongly agreeing with the idea.
Frankly, this blows my mind. Because when it comes to the issue of medicinal marijuana, I tend to picture white guys in their late twenties with dreads flopping by their ears, dressed in flowing hemp ropes, eating Doritos and telling me how weed can cure cancer. Or like, cool uncles who have day jobs now, but totally spent time in an ashram during the early eighties and have the physical scars to prove it.
But for 79% of the 35,000 people to agree on something as divisive as partial weed legalisation, there must have been crewed from all walks of life jumping on the bandwagon. The Premier, Mike Baird announced last week, that government funded clinical trials for epileptic children and chemo patients would start in earnest if he gets re-elected. His opponent Luke Foley- the opposition leader- has accused the State Government of moving too slowly, saying the medical results of weed have been proven and the time has come to make legislative change.
It's bizarre to think that currently, New South Wales has the harshest marijuana laws in the country. Any cannabis related offence is a criminal one. If you have less than 15 grams, you will just get a caution from the police, but more than that and shit gets serious quick. So we're going to go from the harshest laws in the country. To partial legalisation, in some form, by the end of the year.
That's a pretty hectic turn around. But thanks to the twenty three states in the USA that have legalised weed totally or medicinally, and not exploded in a giant ball of crime, debauchery, rioting and Satanism, the idea has gained some serious traction. It's also a great revenue raiser for States, with Colorado selling 34 million dollars worth of weed in August alone last year. On top of that, crime dropped by nearly 15% from the year before.
Tony. If you're reading, I think I know how to plug that budget black hole. Medically, there is a growing feeling that medical marijuana could be useful in the treatment of diseases as wide ranging as MS, tourettes, anorexia, depression and even glaucoma.
Does this mean you're going to be able to a 50 bag at a 7/11? Not quite. Yet. But whatever way this election works out, NSW is taking a step in that direction.
Editor Note: Read the Colorado Case Study and its implications on Australia.
____
Words by Patrick Cullen. Photo by SMH.
Good news: Ron Swanson is ready to love again! Better news: Her name is not Tammy 3! Lucy Lawless will guest-star in multiple episodes of NBC's Parks and Recreation as Diane Lewis, a middle school vice principal who becomes the object of Ron's affection (he'd probably hate that expression), and you can get your first look at this coupling in the photos below. When the city starts a 311-type community hotline, “Diane is ringing up about a pothole in her driveway, and Ron (Nick Offerman) finally takes it upon himself to go and fix the hole because of course he's such a man, he can fix anything,” says Lawless. “So he's going to fill my pothole, if you know what I mean.” (He might like that expression a little better.)
What does Ron see in Diane? “She's tough, funny, and shops at Food and Stuff,” says the actress, who was pursued by producers for an earlier conception of Tammy 1 last year but was tied up filming Spartacus overseas. “She's the perfect woman.” Well, almost perfect. There are several hurdles for him, and two in particular: Diane has a pair of young daughters who enjoy dressing up as little princesses. “You want to see Ron in terrible pain and this is it,” says Lawless with a laugh. “They're not terrible kids, they're just all wrong for him. But the course of true love never did run smooth, and that's how it's going to be for Ron, I'm afraid.” But don't think that Diane wields the same frightening power over Pawnee's Parks director that the two Tammys did. “This is his first mature relationship — she doesn't pervert his nature in any way,” she says. “This is the sort of woman that you might want to see him with, and yet it's going to be damn near impossible for him to stay in it.”
Lawless will make her debut in the Oct. 4 episode, while the season 5 premiere of Parks airs tonight at 9:30 p.m.
For more on Lawless' guest spot, pick up the new issue of EW on Friday.
Read more:
‘Parks and Recreation': Sneak a peek at season 5
‘Parks and Recreation': Ms. Knope goes to Washington, meets senators
‘Parks and Recreation': Senators John McCain, Barbara Boxer, and Olympia Snowe in D.C. episode
LONDON (Reuters) - UK cosmetics maker and retailer Lush is relocating European staff from Britain to Germany and has expanded production at its German factory in the wake of Britain's vote to leave the European Union, it said on Wednesday.
People stand inside a Lush cosmetics store in Berlin, Germany, July 14, 2016. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
Lush, which makes cosmetics by hand, said uncertainty caused by the June Brexit vote had led it to accelerate plans to increase production at its factory in Duesseldorf, western Germany, for the European market.
“While this was always the plan - to make product for Europe in Europe (alongside our Croatian factory) - the reality of the Brexit vote has meant we have done it with a bullet,” the company said in an emailed statement.
“Many of our staff still have uncertainties about what the Brexit deal will mean for them and continue to wait anxiously for this to be revealed.”
Most larger companies are waiting to see how and when Britain will leave the European Union before taking action. British Prime Minister Theresa May called her cabinet together for the first time since the vote on Wednesday.
But Lush said after the vote in June it was fortunate to have its new factory in Germany to fall back on, and would look to continental Europe to protect its production, sales and multinational workforce.
A volatile pound and a plunge in consumer confidence around the vote hurt many retailers.
A survey published by market research firm GfK on Wednesday showed that consumer morale recovered somewhat in August but was still the second-lowest since early 2014.
Lush said nine of its staff had already moved from Britain to Duesseldorf and another nine would move on Thursday, with more staff keen to move to be offered roles this week.
Lush employs about 1,400 staff of 38 nationalities at its founding British factory in Poole on the south coast, which voted 58 percent in favor of leaving the European Union.
During the referendum campaign the pro-Brexit side argued that leaving would allow Britain to control the numbers of EU immigrants, especially those coming from poorer eastern member states.
The Lush factory in Duesseldorf, which has 252 full-time staff, this month started supplying France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands as well as Germany.
CLOSE Roughly 75 percent of Rochester residents without private vehicles lived in poverty, according to a 2011 report by the Brookings Institution. Carlos Ortiz/Todd Clausen
Buy Photo Transit Center in downtown Rochester. (Photo: CARLOS ORTIZ/@CFORTIZ_DANDC/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)Buy Photo Story Highlights Exodus of downtown jobs to the suburbs has left many in poverty with hours-long commutes.
New alternatives are in the works to cut down travel lengths for those without a vehicle.
Rochester may be lauded for short commutes but for those without vehicles — particularly those living in poverty — traveling to work has not gotten any easier in recent years.
For many, getting to work entails traveling an hour or more one way just to get to a job roughly 10 miles away. The problem, some say, is growing with jobs moving out of downtown, where a $50 million Transit Center opened roughly two years ago.
Downtown high-rises once filled with jobs are being converted to lofts and apartments; while retail has largely left the area after the demolition of Midtown Plaza and transformation of the Sibley Building.
Nearly 50 downtown buildings have been converted from commercial, to either residential or mixed use since 2000, according to a report by the Rochester Downtown Development Corp.
About 1.65 million square feet of commercial space downtown has disappeared along with the hundreds of jobs.
RELATED CONTENT
Meanwhile, new call centers have bypassed the city for Gates, Henrietta and elsewhere. A casino promising 1,800 jobs opens Feb. 1 nearly 50 miles away in Tyre, Seneca County. Maximus brought roughly 2,000 jobs to the Rochester Tech Park. Spectrum plans to add an additional 225 jobs in Henrietta.
The dispersal of local jobs has stretched the public transit system , forcing those without vehicles to face multiple transfers and long commutes that contribute to a host of other adverse social and health issues.
"If you put dots on the map of 100 or more employees in a location, many more of those are being located in the suburban areas, where they used to be in the downtown area," said Bill Carpenter, chief executive officer of the Rochester-Genesee Regional Transportation Authority.
"It's not my job to tell employers where to pick their locations but gee, you build a transit center that's so beautiful and nationally recognized why wouldn't you want to put jobs near there?"
CLOSE Rochester Mayor Lovely Warren said earlier this month at a job fair at City Hall that many city residents have trouble finding affordable and reliable transportation. Todd Clausen
HOURS-LONG COMMUTE
Palmer Smith sometimes left his home two hours early to get to a food service job at the RIT Inn & Conference Center, about 8 miles from his Rochester home.
He would catch a bus from the city's west side into downtown, wait for a second bus and take it to Henrietta. It is a trip that takes about an hour today, according to Regional Transit Service.
Bus routes also are on fixed schedules.
"I have taken the bus and gotten to work maybe an hour or so early," Smith said. "I would describe it really as very time consuming (but) it's better to be very early than late."
Palmer was among 115 Rochester-area residents hired by del Lago Resort & Casino at a job fair held earlier this month at Rochester City Hall.
Eric Goof of Greece also attended the job fair. He said those without transportation have to plan ahead when choosing where to work.
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"You can't wait until the last minute and plan to catch some kind of transportation that already has some kind of set schedule," he said. "You have to be on their schedule and not your own. You've got to plan ahead. You've got to be willing to do it."
Getting reliable and timely transportation to work concerns many city residents forced with applying for jobs along current mass-transit lines.
Roughly half of the 612 responses in a survey by the city and the Rochester-Monroe Anti-Poverty Initiative said transportation was an issue in northeast Rochester.
Roughly 30 percent described it as "major issue."
About 8 in 10 said that they would be interested in paying for a neighbor vanpool option to take them to work, according to the survey.
“We know there are some transportation barriers," Rochester Mayor Lovely Warren said at the job fair earlier this month. "For an 8-mile ride, it may take an individual an hour to get there. We want to remove all those barriers."
It led the city to pilot a program with vRide, a service subsidized by the city that will cost each rider $75 a month. Nearly 80 people have signed up for the service.
"While the job opportunity may be someplace else, those dollars will come back to the community in one way or another, and that's why it is important for us to provide them with a chance to take care of their families in a meaningful way, to earn a living wage," added Warren, who has thrown support behind other ride-services, although those services would be more costly than public transit.
Jillian Moran is a 28-year-old single mom hired at the job fair as a server. She plans to use the vRide.
"It's hard finding anything really more than 20 hours a week with better pay," she said. "Hopefully, (I can) get my own transportation within six months."
Wegmans Food Markets has 15 stores within Monroe County, with most located outside city limits. A spokesperson for the Gates-based chain said 85 of the 305 student workers in the Hillside Work Scholarship Connection program are transported by Hillside to their jobs.
"It's sometimes the case that they cannot easily get to the store even when that store is on a bus route," Wegmans spokesperson Jo Natale said in an email.
Buy Photo Transit Center in downtown Rochester. (Photo: CARLOS ORTIZ/@CFORTIZ_DANDC/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)
FUTURE SERVICES
Several studies have shown that longer commutes — whether by car, public transportation or other means — impact workers in all sorts of ways and tend to lead to higher levels of stress, divorce, absenteeism at work and less sleep.
Lengthy commutes also serve as a barrier for those living in poverty for improving their financial status, said Peter Nabozny, an associate principal at the Center for Governmental Research who has written on the issue for Reconnect Rochester.
"Just having a system that requires people to take so much time to get from their neighborhood to their jobs, it just kind of stacks the deck against people," he said. "The decisions we make about where — particularly those jobs that employ low-income people — are located is really, really important. We're making it that much more difficult for those residents we want to support."
Carpenter said the local bus service, which continues to offer $1 fares, has roughly 60 agreements with area businesses to help pay a portion of service. He added that the agency continues to be involved in ongoing anti-poverty efforts through several collaborative efforts.
RTS provided roughly 17.1 million rides in Monroe in the year ending March 31, 2016. It provided nearly 1.1 million rides to passengers in seven nearby counties, too. Cost to passengers remains the lowest in the state, Carpenter said.
The service has received high marks for covering the city, where residents rely more heavily on public transportation.
"I get that it's more difficult to get to the bank, the doctor and to work and stop and pick up your child at daycare and have a reasonable commute time with how often our buses run currently," he said. "We're trying to cover so much geography and it becomes in our industry the difference between frequency and coverage."
He said the service is examining ways to provide transportation to more neighborhoods by using smaller buses to shuttle people to certain areas. The service might offer a way for riders to send a text for a ride in the northeast portion of the city.
It could also cut down on commutes. Efforts also are underway by the city and Reconnect Rochester to bring bike-sharing programs to the city.
New bike programs, along with the potential addition of ride-sharing services, promise to alter public transportation over the next several years, Carpenter said.
"We are right at that gap, the gap between what we know and what is yet to come," he added. "This transformation is going to be pretty interesting as people who try other products realize the difference in cost between public transit and other options."
TCLAUSEN@Gannett.com
TRAVEL TIMES
The number of jobs reachable by public transportation, according to a 2011 report by the Brookings Institution.
10.4%
56,297 jobs reachable within 45 minutes.
15.9%
86,476 jobs within 60 minues.
32.4%
176,938 jobs within 90 minutes.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2k1MDxJ
CTV Winnipeg
City hall is considering reducing the amount of snow removed from some residential streets in Winnipeg.
A report says the move would save $2 to $3 million dollars a year.
Instead of those streets cleared from curb to curb and right down to the cement, smaller plows would clear a strip down the middle.
That proposal doesn't sit well with some residents.
“They should do a full snow removal, right down to the pavement, and make it accessible for people to be able to move their cars,” said Winnipegger Rebecca Cramer. “You reduce the ability for people to be able to get to and from their car because you reduce the amount of snow clearing. I think that's ridiculous.”
Coun. Jeff Browaty (North Kildonan) said the city could follow the report's suggestion for reduced snow clearing as a one-year pilot project.
Browaty pointed out that major routes and streets with schools would still get completely cleared.
Scaling back clearing on some residential streets could also reduce costs by reducing the amount of curbs damaged by plows doing curb-to-curb work.
But the city's public works chair, Coun. Dan Vandal (St. Boniface), wants more information before making a decision.
"I like the fact that it's going to save us a lot of curb work in the new year but…I want to know the effects on people and safety,” said Vandal.
The police union also worries about response times.
“I hope it doesn't devolve to the point where we have a set of snowshoes in cruiser cars,” said Mike Sutherland, president of the Winnipeg Police Association.
“With the current cruiser cars that we have now, they're only equipped with radial tires so they don't have the snow tires and many police vehicles are not equipped with four-wheel drive so there's significant traction issues,” said Sutherland.
So far, no firm decisions have been made by the city on the snow clearing policy.
The report goes to the mayor's executive policy committee Wednesday, Oct. 9.
The report also suggested adding a new fee for homeowners to help pay for the snow budget. None of the councillors who spoke to CTV News Tuesday thought that was a good idea. Many pointed out snow clearing is a basic service covered by taxes.
- with a report from Jeff Keele
Study the photos of the 2017 Mazda 6 sedan—do you notice any differences between it and the subtly refreshed Mazda 6 introduced for 2016? Lest you strain your eyes: The 2017 Mazda 6 doesn't look any different than before. It's still the same sleekly attractive sedan we love, only with a laundry list of minor (and mostly unseen) improvements.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
G-Unit? No, G-Vectoring (Control)!
Among the only changes Mazda implements for 2017 that affect the 6's excellent driving dynamics is G-Vectoring Control, an electronic widget that helps the sedan turn into corners with more alacrity. The feature is making its simultaneous debut on the 2017 Mazda 3 sedan and hatchback , and you can read a full rundown of how it works here. In short, G-Vectoring Control makes fine adjustments (reductions) to engine torque to imperceptibly induce load transfer toward the front axle as the steering wheel is turned off-center, improving steering response. It's a clever and very Mazda-like development, and it appears to work as advertised, being both seamless and helpful.
Another invisible improvement is levied at the Mazda 6's available i-Activsense batch of active-safety assists for the driver. Thanks to a new camera, the setup now can detect pedestrians (in addition to the cars and large objects it previously watched for) moving into the Mazda's path at city speeds and, as with the system's existing collision-warning function, it can automatically hit the brakes to avoid or mitigate a pedestrian impact. Mazda has also tuned i-Activsense to recognize traffic signs—including speed-limit, no-entry, and stop signs—and the automatic emergency-braking function now operates between 9 and 99 mph, up from 90 mph on the top end.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A More Premium Inside Game
The 2017 Mazda 6 may not be changed at all on the outside, but the interior, which received a good deal of attention in the 6's 2016 refresh, has been given a host of small updates. The new steering wheel, shared with the 2016 CX-9, gains an available heating function; the monochromatic driver-information display in the gauge cluster has been replaced by a full-color TFT screen; and the pop-up head-up display offers greater adjustability and likewise drops its drab monochrome scheme for a full-color readout with a more upscale look. In a bit of obsession with details, Mazda has tied the head-up display's settings to the driver's-seat memory function on models so equipped.
Mazda quieted down the 6's interior in its 2016 update but has further addressed the issue with thicker front-door glass (except in Grand Touring models, which get acoustic-laminated glass). Meanwhile, seals and weather stripping have been optimized to stifle noise. There also is better sound suppression between the door-panel trim and the doors' inner structure, as well as more noise-reducing material in the headliner.
If that all sounds pretty fancy, hold onto your hats, because a new Premium package offered on the Mazda 6 Grand Touring takes the sedan to new luxurious heights. Customers can choose between black or almond-colored nappa leather seats with titanium-gray piping and stitching, while the interior map lights are swapped for LED units, the outboard rear seats gain heaters, and the metal-look trim is rendered in a “warmer” (read: darker) hue. Mazda even stitches the leather on the steering wheel's rim using the same Japanese chidori technique it uses on the CX-9's range-topping Signature trim level. To literally top things off, the headliner and upper trim come in black.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
At a time when manufacturers are dropping their manual transmissions, Mazda remains committed to furnishing mid-size-sedan buyers with a three-pedal choice, at least on certain trim levels. The six-speed manual remains standard on the base Sport and the mid-level Touring; as before, the Grand Touring trim has the six-speed automatic as standard (it's an option on lower-spec models). Every Mazda 6 again is powered by the same 184-hp 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine; no V-6 or turbo is offered. We don't anticipate the car's fuel economy will change at all, but final EPA estimates, as well as pricing, are expected closer to the 6's on-sale date next month.
What we can say now is that Mazda's commitment to continually improving the 6 is admirable, given that industry standard practice is to enhance models every few years and then wait. The current-generation Mazda 6 debuted for the 2014 model year, and it had already seen a mild refresh for 2016, marking the 2017 model's changes as the third noteworthy refinement to a vehicle we've named to our 10Best Cars list two out of the past three years and which we also recently crowned the king of the mid-size class. With Honda's Accord as good as ever, a slick new Chevrolet Malibu, and the rest of the mid-size competition being generally impressive, Mazda is playing a smart game—even if you can't immediately spot its moves.
According to the Guardian David Cameron is seeking to deflect attention from his own tax affairs by introducing a new law that will make companies criminally liable if they fail to stop their employees from facilitating tax evasion.
Call this the HSBC law if you like, but I suspect it is not that, and I very strongly suspect that this law, if it is enacted, will never be used and be quite incapable of use for three very good reasons.
First, the crime of tax evasion will not take place in the UK. It will be exceptionally difficult to prove liability in many cases as a result.
Second, the defence to the crime will be that of Mossack Fonseca, who made it clear (as does almost every offshore operator) that they are not responsible for the use their clients make of the facilities that they create for them.
Third, because offshore works by referring one person to another, to another, in a web of layers of opacity proving who facilitated evasion will be nigh on impossible.
The result is that we will have a law of little consequence only of use for targeting the activities of small limited companies where the owner/director knowingly pockets cash. Whilst that is a big issue that is not the issue of the moment.
Cameron knows that. And I am sure that he knows this law will be useless.
There is, however law that would be immensely useful. That would be the legal requirement that all multinational corporations - without exception, regardless of size - publish country-by-country reporting data to show just where they are and what they do in every place where they trade, including tax havens.
The EEU parliament demanded such a requirement of the EU Commission late last year and the EU began a review of such a requirement. However, only a couple of weeks ago it was reported that the EU's plans have been massively curtailed. The requirement will only be for disclosure within the EU, leaving the rest of the world and as a result the vast majority of tax havens out of any scrutiny, whilst the rule was only to apply to companies turning over more than €750 million, leaving most companies out. The result is a hollowed out and meaningless gesture that will achieve almost none of the goals of proper country-by-country reporting.
If David Cameron wants to back something he has to demand full country-by-country reporting on public record now. Then we will know those companies who are really making use of tax havens and who, by their actions, fund the infrastructure of these places that is also, whether they are aware of it or not, used for illicit activity.
David Cameron's new law will be a meaningless gesture. Country-by-country reporting would really change corporate behaviour. By his choice will you know him.
On the fourth day of Festag...
..we have some Orc concept art to give you!
Here is some concept art for the Race of Greenskins. This is not final exact game art, just a behind the scenes Festag treat!
"Orcs vary in size, but all pack a great deal of muscle, bone and few brains into a green, hairless body as tall as a man, but substantially broader. They have thick skulls, elongated jaws and tusk-like teeth. An Orc's protruding brow partially conceals his glowering eyes, which blaze red when he is angry - most of the time, in fact.
"Their tough green hides vary in shade depending on age or even climate. They are brutes and louts of the first degree, insensitive to pain (and higher thought). Orcs single-mindedly pursue what they want, and what Orcs want most is to fight. If there are no enemies immediately to hand, the overly belligerent Orcs will readily scrap amongst themselves.
"Greenskin armies are bewilderingly varied and wholly unpredictable, but the one surety is that nowhere is safe from their attacks for long..."
Back to Twelve Days of Festag main page
CNN host Rick Sanchez said he was "mystified" by a last minute decision by the McCain campaign to pull a Muslim grassroots organizer from appearing on his show.
The aide, Daniel Zubairi, had been scheduled to appear on Sanchez's mid-day program after he was caught on video talking down an anti-Muslim protester outside a McCain rally in Woodbridge, Virginia. But, even after telling the network that an interview was "good to go," the McCain shop pulled Zubairi at the last minute, leaving Sanchez in limbo on live TV.
"Wouldn't you think they would have wanted him to come on?" the CNN host would later tell the Huffington Post. "What the guy did was courageous. I called him heroic. I'm mystified why they wouldn't embrace him for his actions. Maybe they didn't like the story, but I'll tell you. I thought it was presented it in a very transparent way, if anything I kind of gushed philosophically about how impressive and real his reaction was to the protester's hateful message. It seemed to show some of the best of McCain supporters, didn't it?"
The American News Project captured Zubairi this past weekend intervening when a racist McCain supporter got into a heated exchange with rally attendees over the anti-Muslim literature and message that he was promoting. We don't "endorse that behavior" said Zubairi. The tiff ended with the man walking away from the rally with his pamphlets and bumper stickers in hand.
Noting how the incident went against the prevailing narrative of McCain crowds festering with hateful, occasionally racist speech, Sanchez booked Zubairi for his show. But minutes before the interview was to take place, the McCain campaign wouldn't let him go on air.
MINNEAPOLIS—Removing any filled trash bags from their receptacles and sweeping along the empty concourse, members of the Target Center custodial staff reportedly began cleaning up midway through the third quarter of Monday night's game between the Minnesota Timberwolves and New Orleans Pelicans in hopes of leaving right at the final buzzer. “I like to get a head start a few minutes into the second half, when most of the aisles are clear and you don't have to worry too much about blocking anyone's view,” said facilities manager Frank Kulich, adding that the janitorial team only gives the arena's upper deck a quick once-over at halftime since it usually remains completely untouched during games. “If we stay on top of things in the first half, there are just a couple spots in the first few rows that need to be mopped up before we can clock out and go home. Technically, we're not supposed to leave before the end of the game—even if all our work is done—but at that point any traffic in the parking lot is long gone, so it's not too bad.” At press time, Kulich was quickly wiping down the Timberwolves' bench, which had emptied out as the play clock wound down the final two minutes of the fourth quarter.
Advertisement
Illustration by Michelle Kondrich ©2017
Welcome to my first column at Illustration Age. In the coming months, I will be writing on a variety of topics related to life as a freelance illustrator.
First things first, this is NOT an argument for or against art school. That is a debate that has been going on for a long time and not one that I am going to get into here. This post is for those who are interested in building a freelance illustration career without going to art school, whether or not it is by choice.
In all honestly, I often wish I had had the chance to go to a great art school for undergrad (I went to a small, private liberal arts college in the midwest) and even more often I wish I could afford to go to grad school and get an advanced degree in illustration. For many reasons those things weren't and are not currently possible for me.
What I have been able to do is build a successful freelance illustration career without all that. Rather than tell you what you should do, I am going to show you the path that I took to get where I am now.
In 2009 I was living in New York City with my soon-to-be husband and working a 9-5 job that was not satisfying at all. It was a good job with good people, but that's all. I was itching to move on, but I wasn't sure where I would go or how I would get there. I had a BA in Studio Art and had a weird resume that wasn't easily categorized.
The decision to pursue illustration came very quickly and unexpectedly. It was a combination of discovering Twitter, learning that a colleague was doing freelance illustration on the side and stumbling on the Escape From Illustration Island podcast.
Listening to Thomas James' interviews with other illustrators and art directors had really piqued my interest. Growing up, I hadn't known that illustration was a career path I could have taken and as I listened it started to feel like that was the only career path I should have been considering all along.
I had no portfolio to speak of and didn't really know where to start. I set up a time to meet with my colleague who was also an illustrator and she was generous enough to walk me through what I would need to do in order to start pursuing illustration in earnest. I needed to build a portfolio of work that was relevant to the type of illustration I wanted to do, which included a proper website. I needed to think about promotion – sending postcards, making phone calls, setting up visits with art directors, sending emails (which was less popular at the time), etc.
It all felt impossible.
I had so much work to do. I was building a portfolio from scratch. I think there were parts of me that gave up on the idea, a little bit. Despite being overwhelmed and a little dejected, I simply put one foot in front of the other. I started making work while bingeing EFII. Soon enough I discovered other illustrators and related podcasts on Twitter and began to build a bit of a support network and found people who would critique my work honestly.
Regardless of whether or not you go to art school, the ability to accept good, honest critique of your work without letting it discourage you is crucial for success.
Then I got married and my husband and I moved to Denver, CO so that he could pursue his PhD. This meant that I would have to quit my job and it was a golden opportunity to jump into a freelance career.
It was HARD. There were ups and downs, but mostly downs for a long time. I received my first editorial commission from HOW Magazine and I was thrilled. I naively thought that would mean more work rolling in, but it didn't. Even after the piece was published I heard an awful lot of crickets.
We were in a new state where we knew very few people and not having a job meant that I spent very little time with anyone other than my husband. Depression that had always been there off and on became a real problem. Eventually medication and becoming a part of the poetry community in Denver (my husband is a poet) allowed me to get my depression under control but I still wasn't making much money from my work.
Illustration is a constant hustle.
My career has built up very slowly. I did a lot of personal work and a lot of client work that will never see the light of day, but that's what it takes. Each piece builds on the last. And some pieces will crumble and you'll feel like it's all over, but you have to rebuild – every time.
After 3-4 years I started seeking out educational opportunities that I had access to and that I could afford. I took an online class with TutorMill, which was incredibly educational. A couple of years after that I took illustrator Daniel Fishel's Independent Study online (twice!). Naturally, these things cost a few hundred dollars each time, but that is a far cry from the cost of art school. And, for me, what I really needed was someone to give me assignments with deadlines and then critique my sketches and critique my finals.
I've also had other, more experienced illustrators mentoring me and encouraging me along the way.
Just because you can't afford to go to art school in the traditional way does not mean that you can't give yourself a great education in illustration or that you won't be successful.
There are so many resources out there, including Illustration Age, that you can take advantage of with a simple web search – many of them for free. If you are dedicated to do doing the work, these resources can be all you need to build your portfolio, gain business sense and find new clients.
The most important advice I can give to anyone, regardless of education is to be dedicated and be sure to educate yourself on the business as much as the art.
Make connections wherever you can.
Thanks to social media, it's easier than ever to make connections with other illustrators and art directors. Look for events like ICON or the American Illustration Party and meet people in-person. Build real relationships, especially because this career can be isolating at times and you will appreciate having those relationships when times get hard.
Go to art school if you want to go to art school and can afford it, but you can do this without it if you are determined to do it.
Michelle Kondrich is a commercial artist and animator specializing in editorial illustration. She is also skilled at creating animated GIFs, storyboards, and whiteboard animation/video scribes. Her work gives a narrative feel to even the most conceptual ideas and she is passionate about telling her clients' stories in often surprising ways.
TOKYO, June 13 (Reuters) - Japan on Friday denied Beijing's claims that its Self-Defence Force planes came “dangerously close” to Chinese aircraft in an incident over the East China Sea on Wednesday, demanding China takes down the footage allegedly showing the incident.
On Thursday, China said two Japanese F-15 planes followed a Chinese Tu-154 aircraft and came as close as 30 metres, “seriously affecting China's flight safety”. It posted a video allegedly showing that incident on the defence ministry website.
“We believe there is no truth in China's assertions that Japanese fighter planes came within 30 meters of a Chinese plane and severely affected the flight's safety,” Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters.
“The airplanes (in the video) are different,” he said in response to a reporter's question about the rationale behind Japan's assertion, adding Japan lodged a protest late on Thursday and demanded that Beijing take down the footage.
The latest exchange followed a protest lodged by Tokyo on Wednesday, when Japan said Chinese fighter jets flew “abnormally close” to Japanese military aircraft over the East China Sea, a charge Beijing rejected accusing Tokyo of trying to “deceive international community”.
The row is the latest flare up in a long-running territorial dispute between Asia's largest economies. It follows a similar incident on May 24, when Japan said Chinese aircraft had come within a few dozen metres of its warplanes.
China lays claim to Japanese-administered islets in the East China Sea, known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China. China declared its air defence zone covering most of the East China Sea last year despite protests by Japan and the United States.
Suga reiterated Japan's request to quickly establish emergency communication mechanism between the two countries so that they can deal with crisis situations.
Japan scrambled fighter jets against Chinese planes 415 times in the year ended in March, up 36 percent on the year, while in waters near the disputed islands, patrol ships from both countries have been playing cat-and-mouse, raising fears of an accidental clash. (Reporting by Antoni Slodkowski; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)
In the world of contact sports like wrestling and mixed martial arts, Arizona has never struggled to produce world-class competitors. They include not one, but two former UFC champions — Benson Henderson and Cain Velasquez — as well as Olympic Silver medalist Townsend Saunders.
To that long and illustrious list of locals you wouldn't want to mess with, we can include Glendale's Mackenzie Dern, a 22-year-old black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
Sometimes referred to as a game of human chess, Jiu Jitsu athletes use chokes, joint-locks, and techniques from Judo and wrestling to defeat their opponents either by submission or through earning points by gaining superior position. Earlier this year, the 129-pound Dern made history when she defeated Gabi Garcia – whose 6-foot-2-inch, 200-plus-pound frame had helped her remain undefeated for almost seven years – at one of the sport's most high-profile events, the 2015 World Professional Jiu Jitsu cup in Abu Dhabi.
Continue Reading
In spite of her size, Dern has competed at the so-called “absolute” or open-weight division since she was 16. Having trained since childhood, the full story of Dern's martial arts lineage is almost like something out of Kung-Fu Theater. It stretches all the way back to the legendary Gracie family, whose patriarchs Helio and Carlos are credited with adapting the martial art from Judo in the early 20th century.
Roughly translated, Jiu Jitsu is Japanese for “gentle art” or “gentle way.” The smaller of the two brothers, Helio Gracie created his own distinctive style of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, emphasizing leverage and technique over strength as a way to defeat much bigger and stronger opponents. In 1993, Jiu Jitsu would appear on the world stage, when Gracie's distinctly average looking son Royce shocked audiences by besting a gauntlet of fearsome giants at UFC 1.
Today, many BJJ academies still trace their origins back to one of the Gracie brothers. When New Times caught up with Dern by phone, she explained how her team identifies with this tradition. “We're an affiliate of Gracie Humaita...we're all part of the same family, but we're from the Helio Gracie side.” It is perhaps unsurprising considering her own record, like Helio Gracie's, of taking on all opponents both big and small.
Dern's father, Wellington Dias, earned his black belt from Helio's son, Royler, and after moving to Arizona opened one of the first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academies in the state. Named for Dias' moniker in the Jiu Jitsu world, Team “Megaton” Academy has since become a focal point of activity for anyone seeking world-class instruction in the increasingly popular Arizona pastime.
Growing up in a martial arts family, Dern estimates that her training began at the age of 3. “Instead of getting a babysitter, it was easier to take me to the academy. I'd be watching movies, and you don't think a kid is paying attention, but I'd be listening to the words: ‘pass' or ‘mount.' I just got interested and it became a lifestyle like, ‘Okay, let's go to school... let's do your homework... brush your teeth... let's go to Jiu Jitsu,' and it was part of our daily routine.”
Watching Dern's matches, it is clear that her father has played no small role in her development as a truly elite-level athlete. At seemingly every competition he is present in her corner, giving instructions from the sidelines, and celebrating every win. With two black belts for parents, a direct line to the first family of Jiu Jitsu, and having grown up in the top BJJ academy in the state, it is no wonder this environment would ultimately produce one of the most visible figures in the sport today.
But when asked if she has any insight into why Arizona in particular seems to produce so many world champions, both in grappling and MMA, she seems to echo the perspective of any teenager growing up in a Valley suburb. “Honestly, because I feel like we [laughs] don't have that much to do, you know? I mean we can go hiking and stuff like that, we have Sedona — weekend stuff to do for people who like to hike — but it's almost like it's so hot that unless you want to go to the movies or to the mall it's like ‘meh.' For me, and my life, I'm just going to be training all the time.” By the time she had turned 19, she had been awarded her own black belt.
Similar to Olympic Judo, Dern's landmark match with Garcia at this year's Jiu Jitsu World Pros (see video from the match below) may be somewhat hard to follow for the uninitiated. Early in the round, Garcia is deducted a point for talking to the referee. From there, it was a matter of preventing Garcia from gaining a more dominant position — referred to as “passing the guard.” But rather than stalling and coasting to an easy win, Dern remains offensive throughout the duration of the match, attempting a leg lock at one point as well as near-constant attempts at a reversal or “sweep.”
As anyone who has taken a BJJ class can tell you, preventing a guard pass from a significantly larger opponent who is even vaguely familiar with the basic concepts of the sport is a difficult task in and of itself. But for Dern, a lifetime of competing at open weight had left her not only with the necessary experience, but also the mindset needed to beat Garcia. “A lot of people had said 'she's just too strong' or 'she's just too big' – what kind of point of view is that?," Dern says of the match. "You have to think, or believe you can do it. If you don't think that you can do it, then why are you fighting her? Why waste fighting in absolute [weight division]?”
Having faced Garcia several times in competition previously, Dern often describes the way she was able to develop a game plan that would guide her to victory as a feeling out process. But for her and her students, it is crucial to start and end with that most fundamental concept in BJJ – that with the proper technique, anyone can beat the larger opponent. “I think the biggest thing was for everyone else, just to see that it could be done independent of your size, and to give inspiration to other people. Obviously not fighting her, but just in their own divisions. I think it's important for people to come back and believe in themselves.”
For Dern, it is also an idea that any woman wishing to train BJJ should become comfortable with early on. Like her parents and her environment, she identifies a willingness to spar with men as something which gave her a distinct advantage. “The most important thing is you can't be nervous or get frustrated training with guys. I've gone my whole life training with guys. I just have girls class now and even then it's not permanent, it's still a work in progress," she says. "I offer the women's class just to compliment their Jiu Jitsu, because I think that we learn the most training with guys. We get pushed to our limits. We have to use more strength. Our defenses get good. We have to rely more on our flexibility. Obviously training with girls in some ways is more realistic, like a tournament. But I think training with both guys and girls is a great help.”
With a number of new high-profile events like the World Pros seemingly added every year, BJJ is undoubtedly growing as a sport, and Dern points to the large number of women brown belts who will soon swell the ranks of black belt competitors in the years to come. Perhaps among them we will see more figures like her, whose true mastery of the sport serve as an inspiration to others.
For Dern, it is a dynamic which perpetuates itself. “The more the girls stay with it, the more they'll attract to come train and it will keep growing and growing and that's what we need.”
Follow Jackalope Ranch on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest.
Why do we all hate kobolds so much? It's just a matter of course that in every fantasy rpg you play your first level adventurers will go out and murder a couple dozen kobolds, collect their loot, a bit of experience and move on to bigger badder things. Ever wonder what the kobolds thought about all this? Ever think maybe all those kobolds aren't the bad guys we make them out to be? Well No Country For Old Kobolds is built to explore the world through their eyes!
Sometimes this view of the world can be comedic, sometimes heartbreaking, sometimes heroic.
No Country For Old Kobolds is a tabletop pen and paper rpg based on Dungeon World by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel and World of Dungeons by John Harper. While it maintains some of the core mechanics of these two games it has been heavily modified to better model the world of kobolds.
You'll play champion kobolds - the best of the best - protecting your village from the kingdoms that you created during game setup. As your kobolds die they pass traits down to their children, each generation getting stronger and more capable! You'll fight for your village in a game of survival, heroism and black comedy.
No Country For Old Kobolds is built for up to 6 players including the game master (the storyteller and referee). By funding this game you'll get the full color core rulebook, all digital stretch goals, and access to all beta documentation so you can start playing today! What are you waiting for? Go pledge!
By Jorge F. Muñoz
Shared Characters - All players share the village character. It's the central character and the only one to advance via XP!
Generational Play - You'll play multiple generations of kobolds, in No Country For Old Kobolds your player characters actually advance by dying and passing on traits to their young!
Player Created Worlds - Each player will create the kingdoms that surround the village, they'll also come up with the reasons why those kingdoms hate your village!
Mission & Story Driven Play - Gameplay is both mission - fulfilling village needs, and story - working to undermine the surrounding kingdoms and create better positioning for your village!
Death Mechanics - Even after death you'll be able to contribute to combat and help your fellow Kobolds complete their missions!
Multi-Level Play - No Country For Old Kobolds features multiple levels of play to model just how small and weak kobolds actually are. The three levels of play are kobold, unit and village. Each of these have slightly different rules, moves and mechanics!
by Jorge F. Muñoz
Whether you're familiar with Dungeon World or not you shouldn't have any issue grasping the rules for No Country For Old Kobolds. I've specifically designed it to be new player friendly while still providing enough meat for experienced players.
As you create new kobold generations you'll get to tinker with what abilities and skills to take as well as create new strategies and combinations for their use. As your village grows in numbers and experience you'll get to choose new moves that will affect all player kobolds, add new recruitable units and generally grow as a group.
As a GM you'll find the mission driven gameplay, unit level combat and player generated world do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. These features allow you to focus on creating a rich fiction for the players to delve into and live the lives of kobolds constantly harried by the surrounding kingdoms and all their first level adventurers!
Here's an play through with the Indie+ folks!
by Jorge F. Muñoz
If you want any of the add-ons simply increase your pledge by the listed amount and I will collect specifics in the surveys at the end of the campaign.
Dry/Wet Erase Map (10$) - This is an 11x17 laminated map foldable to 8.5x11 for easy storage! It will have a full color map by Mark Richardson on one side and a grid of 1x1 squares on the back. It's great for Kobolds or any other rpg that needs a quick battlefield!
Unit Cards (10$) - 12 credit card size plastic cards that are dry erase capable. Each card has a space for Damage, Morale and all the conversion tables for unit > champion levels! Shipping included.
Unit Card Double Pack (16$) - 24 unit cards! Shipping Included.
Softcover Book ($25) - Backers at $25+ can add an additional softcover to their order by adding $25. (Outside the US add 5$ for shipping)
Additional Dice ($5/$20) - Backers at $10+ can add an additional pair of dice for $5. An additional set of 10 dice costs $20.
Hardcover Book ($45) - Backers at $50+ can add an additional hardcover to their order by adding $45. (Outside the US add 5$ for shipping)
Retailer Copies ($12.50/$25) - Retailers can add additional softcovers for $12.50 and additional hardcovers for $25. (Outside the US add 5$ for shipping)
Retailer Unit Cards ($5) - Retailers can add packs of 12 unit cards for $5.
GOAL 7 - $11,500: At $11,500 I will write a new skin for the game called Seed. It's a sci-fi take on the concept where you'll use drones to protect your seed ship and work to find a new planet for your people! All backers at $10 or above will get a copy of this digital only release!
UNLOCKED! GOAL 6 - $10,500: At $10,500 Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel, the designers of Dungeon World, will write a module for the game! All backers at $10 or above will get a copy of this digital only release!
UNLOCKED! GOAL 5 - $10,000: At $10,000 Jason Morningstar will write an original module for No Country For Old Kobolds! Sure to challenge even the most hardy kobolds! All backers at $10 or above will get a copy of this digital only release!
UNLOCKED! GOAL 4 - $9,500: At $9,500 Mark Richardson will design an 11x17 map that will be printed in a dry/wet erase laminated form fold-able to 8.5x11. One side will have the map the other a generic 1x1 square grid! I'll also design a beginner module that takes care of all the prep work for the players and GM - a great introduction to the game!
UNLOCKED! GOAL 3 - $8000: At $8,000 I'll add Paolo Bosi and Claudia Cangini to the design team! They're the designer and artist team behind the Italian version of Dungeon World - one of the most beautiful renditions of that work! I'll also be adding 22 additional pages to the book focusing on a unit bestiary, village moves and kobold abilities!
UNLOCKED! GOAL 2 - $6000: At $6,000 I'll make dry erase unit cards available as an add-on purchase! For 10$ you'll get 12 dry erase unit cards! Through out the game you'll use 20-30 different units as parts of abilities and enemies, these will come in very handy!
UNLOCKED! GOAL 1 - $4,500: At $4,500 I'll commission artist Juan Ochoa to create 5 beautiful kobold 3d models! The files will be released to all backers and you can print them via Shapeways or any other 3d printing service!
Here's a sample of the amazing work Juan is capable of!
I've set the goal at 3500$ - about 40% of that will go to manufacturing and shipping, 30% to the art budget, 20% for writing, layout and editing, and around 10% for kickstarter and amazon fees.
As you see above a large chunk of the funds for the project are going to art. The book will be digest sized 88 pages of full color art on gloss paper. The book will include the rules, example play laid out in comic book form, short fiction and tons of spot art. Additional stretch goals will include more art, Kobold miniatures and lots of other great add ons and content! After the Kickstarter all text for No Country for Old Kobolds will be released under the CC BY 4.0 license so others can take my modifications and create other great games!
FRESH FROM THE SPAWNING POOL: You'll get all releases of beta files during the rest of the development cycle. You'll also get a copy of all the full color digital finals. I'll endeavour to release these in as many formats as possible (all DRM free). I will at least create mobi, ebook and PDF formats. You'll also get any digital stretch goals.
YOUNG KOBOLD: You'll get everything from the FRESH FROM THE SPAWNING POOL level but you'll also get a softcover copy of the full color book.
RETAILER KOBOLD: A special level only for retailers. This will entitle you to access to all the beta files, electronic formats and 4 copies of the final softcover full color book.
BUDDY KOBOLDS: At this level you'll get everything in YOUNG KOBOLD plus 2 extra copies of softcover plus 6 dice! This is a great level for international folks to save on shipping.
HARDY KOBOLD: Everything from FRESH FROM THE SPAWNING POOL as well as a hardcover copy of the final full color book and two No Country For Old Kobolds dice! (d6)
Custom Printed by Chessex
KOBOLD HEALER: You'll get everything in YOUNG KOBOLD plus two custom No Country For Old Kobolds dice (d6) plus an awesome custom designed No Country For Old Kobolds dice bag by Marsbarn Dicebags!
By Heather Marsbarn
KOBOLD ARTS SUPPORTER: You'll get everything in YOUNG KOBOLD, two custom No Country For Old Kobolds dice (d6) plus a custom commission from Jorge F. Muñoz featuring any single character you desire! This can be a comic book character or one of your own characters from your favorite rpg!
CHAMPION KOBOLD: Same as YOUNG KOBOLD but you'll also get a custom drawing of yourself by Jorge F. Muñoz just like mine down in the crew section! You'll be featured throughout the book in the example play comics as one of the 'players'! You can give this as a gift as well! You'll be able to tell us who the drawing will be of at the end of the campaign.
ORIGINS KOBOLDS: You and 3 friends will get all the beta files, all the DRM free electronic formats, four copies of the full color softcover book plus I'll run a four hour private game for you and your three friends at Origins 2015!
GENCON KOBOLDS: You and 3 friends will get all the beta files, all the DRM free electronic formats, four copies of the full color softcover book plus I'll run a four hour private game for you and your three friends at GenCon 2015!
INTERNATIONAL KOBOLDS: You'll get 4 copies of the full color softcover, all the beta files, all the DRM free electronic formats plus I'll fly to you wherever you happen to be and run 3 4 hour games for you and your friends!
"Chock full of compelling reasons to die and bequeath your essence to your kin." - Aaron Sturghill, playtester
"The writing is as witty as these slithery creatures are droll." - Kylie Michelle Sturghill, playtester
"No Country For Old Kobolds is the best thing ever to happen to Dungeon World. Throw your money at Steve Wallace now!" - Travis Scott, playtester and creator of DragonKnights!
"No Country for Old Kobolds flips the table on the players. Instead of playing hyper competent adventurers tasked with cleansing the world of evil, the players are handed the weak and misunderstood kobold. Through wits and ingenuity – though some may say cowardice – the characters must survive a world bent on their destruction, or at least better prepare their village and progeny for what lies ahead." - Jeremey Friesen, Origins playtester
"In No Country For Old Kobolds, the sad short life of a kobold is brought into focus with joyful black humor as their everyday problems incite an epic struggle that the players themselves helped to design. While at first you are left thinking the goal might be to achieve the most glorious death possible, for me it really is more about personal sacrifice so that your community, your family, can continue to exist. In this game, Kobolds are equal parts Jan Valjean, Pagliacci, and the Three Stooges." - Jason Cox, playtester
Steve Wallace (writer/designer/artist)
Art by Jorge F. Munoz
My name is Steve Wallace. I'm a writer, artist and designer living in Columbus, OH. I've written and drawn a number of comic book short stories for anthologies like Reading With Pictures, Omega Comics Presents and Sequential Suicide. I've also self published a number of my own comics. More of my work is available at stevewallaceart.com
Jorge F. Muñoz (artist)
art by Jorge F. Muñoz
Jorge is a comic book artist and illustrator based in outer Mexico City. Currently doing freelance illustration work for various magazines in Mexico and different comic projects. See more of his work at www.behance.net/yorko and his tumblr yorko.tumblr.com. Also go get his awesome comic Bear Beater Bunyan on Comixology!
Mark Diaz Truman (Editor)
Mark Diaz Truman, Magpie Games
Mark is the co-owner of Magpie Games, founded in 2011 with his partner, Marissa Kelly. Mark is a passionate roleplayer and designer, and the author of two Kickstarter-funded RPGs: The Play's The Thing and Our Last Best Hope. In addition to his work on indie RPGs, Mark is also the Systems Lead for the new Firefly RPG from Margaret Weis Productions and the President of the Indie Game Developer Network.
Juan Ochoa (3D Artist)
Gumshoe whistleblower reporter hero? A narcissistic antagonist out for blood? Fall-guy for a horrifying nanite invasion? Sleeper agent for extraplanar feline intelligence? The FACTS on Juan Ochoa: he is a straight-dealing, smooth-lined, grit-teethed artist, twainsplit mirror-master-magician-carouser-cavorter, and noted wizard, with knowledge bilingual, exotic, and esoteric, who theoretically does most of his thinking in Español. www.juanochoa.co
Claudia Cangini (artist)
Claudia Cangini is a freelance comic artist and illustrator who has worked on many high-profile RPG titles, such as FATE Core, FATE Accelerated, as well as a slew of indie titles (Night Witches, and Tenra Bansho . You can learn more about Claudia on her website [http://www.claudiacangini.com/] or by checking out her Patreon [http://www.patreon.com/claudia_cangini]
Paolo Bosi (Designer/Layouts)
Paolo Bosi is a graphic designer specialized in book layout. He's also an avid gamer. In his freelancing career he has worked on many tabletop RPGs, such as the first Italian edition of Dungeon World, Against the Dark Yogi, The Chuubo's Marvelous Wish-Granting Engine RPG and many more. You cna check his entire portfolio on his website [http://bosipaolo.com]
Mark Richardson (Cartographer)
Mark Richardson is from Ottawa, Ontario Canada. He's worked in the field of Cartography for over 15 years in the Canadian government. Last year, he created Green Hat Designs to bring his passion for mapping into the field of gaming. Mark is currently making a map for Will Hindmarch's Project Dark and recently completed maps for the cities of Urban Shadows by Andrew Medeiros. He's also working on his first RPG design Headspace.
Who Else Is Sick Of The Octuplets Mom?
When I first read the news of octuplets being born I was definitely interested in the news. It is not every day octuplets are born. However, it has been almost a month since the babies were born, and every where I turn I am reading or hearing about their mother.
I will spare all the details of everything said or written about here because I am sure most of you have heard it a thousand times. The main issue I have is, she definitely doesn't have the money to raise all 14 of her children. So now she is going on shows like Good Morning America to have everyone feel sorry for her position.
The bigger issue should be how could someone on welfare and already had six children be allowed to have in-vitro done. If you can't properly take care of your children you already have, how can someone legally get a procedure done to have more children.
I understand this procedure is very helpful for women who have many challenges getting pregnant. The problem here is Nadya Suleman did not have these problems. At the end of the day its the tax payers who are paying for people like Suleman to have these procedures done, get money from the government and then get a bunch of publicity (and maybe money from the publicity) done.
Although I definitely have a problem with how Suleman has worked the system, I also understand there isn't much to do to fix the situation. After all she has managed to market her problems into national news and even has gotten my interest enough to write a blog about her. So though I strongly disagree with how she was legally allowed to get in-vitro, she should look into a marketing career and get herself off welfare.
Stumble it!
Advertisements
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Simon Watson explains how he finds clients on Facebook
The number of women using donated sperm to get pregnant is rising, but many find the cost of treatment at private clinics prohibitive. This has led some women to use unlicensed donors - but are they putting their health at risk?
Simon Watson, 41, has been an unlicensed sperm donor for 16 years, donating once a week.
"Usually one [baby] a week pops out. I reckon I've got about 800 so far, so within four years I'd like to crack 1,000," he tells the Victoria Derbyshire programme..
"I've got kids all the way from Spain to Taiwan, so many countries. I'd like to get the world record ever, make sure no-one's going to break it, get as many as possible."
Very few women are eligible for artificial insemination on the NHS as the criteria are very strict. Private licensed clinics cost between £500 and £1,000 for each cycle of treatment. Men are allowed to father no more than 10 children.
Mr Watson charges £50 for his services - the "magic potion pot" - and most of his clients find him on Facebook.
They ask him questions, such as whether he has any hereditary diseases, then they meet, often at a service station on the M1. Clients either book a room in the hotel or use the public toilets.
He provides his own pot and syringe, and is tested for STDs every three months, posting his hospital certificate online. He claims a third of his donations work first time.
"If you go to a fertility clinic people have to go through lots of hurdles - counselling sessions, huge amounts of tests and then charge absolute fortunes for the service - but realistically if you've got a private donor you can just go and see them, meet them somewhere, get what you want and just go," he explains.
'Very disturbing'
But critics say while it's not illegal, using unregulated donors puts women at risk of sexual diseases, hereditary disorders and men interested in "no strings" unprotected sex.
Laura Witjens, chief executive of the National Gamete Donation Trust, says it does not often go wrong, but when it does, it goes "horrifically" wrong.
"There are too many occurrences where in other circumstances it would be called sexual harassment or rape."
Sperm donation: The rules at licensed clinics
Image copyright Science Photo Library
The change in the rules in 2005 means children conceived using donor eggs or sperm will be able to trace their biological parent in the same way as children who are adopted
Those children will have no legal or financial claim against the donor parent
However, the law change was not retrospective so the first children concerned will not turn 18 until 2023. None of the rules has therefore been tested in any kind of court case
Donors do not have the right to trace their offspring
She says the language around donation is "lovey dovey" and focuses on people wanting to "help" and people celebrating successful pregnancies.
"But if you strip it down to bare facts, you have a man who for whatever reason feels they need to impregnate over 500 women, you have women who are comfortable knowing their children have 500 half siblings, in another setting people would be appalled. They would ask questions, find it very disturbing."
Image caption Laura Witjens says women should think more carefully before using unregulated donors
The HFEA says one in 10 IVF cycles used donated gametes or embryos in 2013 - the most recent year for which figures are available - and the number has grown.
In 2013, 49,636 women had a total of 64,600 cycles of IVF or Intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (Icsi), of which 2,527 involved the use of donor sperm and 2,379 women had a total of 4,611 cycles of donor insemination.
Mr Watson, who has been married twice, has three children. It was after his first marriage ended that he started to donate.
"I thought I didn't want to go through all that again, I'd much rather go down to a sperm bank, have kids there, and if they ever come and see me later that's great, but if they don't, they don't," he says.
He admits his motivation could be linked to boosting his ego.
"I didn't get my first girlfriend until I was 18. I thought, 'I'm never going to get married and have kids.' A psychologist would say that's where it stemmed from, but I don't know, I've never been to one," he explains.
Siblings
The regulator, the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA), limits the number of families created by a single donor father to 10.
It says social research into numbers of siblings shows someone could be comfortable with having that many half siblings.
Mr Watson's son Thomas helps him with his Facebook page. The 20-year-old says: "When a photo comes up it makes me happy and it's nice to know I have another brother or sister out there. All the time you get another random brother or sister pop up and you're like, 'Wicked.'"
The screening process
Potential donors - who must be aged between 18 and 40 - must be screened for any genetic abnormalities that could be passed on to offspring
Semen samples will be analysed for sperm quantity, quality and movement, and donors must also be checked for any infectious diseases, such as HIV
Those who pass these tests have their sample frozen for at least six months before it is tested again
Not all sperm cells survive freezing and thawing, which means that afterwards there may be a reduction in quality. Only men whose samples remain of acceptable quality after freezing can be donors
But Ms Witjens said the issue of child welfare was hard to ignore.
"Knowing you have 500 half siblings out there, when people have the need to find their family, we know that's very disturbing for these people. Women think about their cute little baby but forget they grow up into adults who do their own Facebook research."
All children born as the result of sperm donation since 2005 will have the right to know the identity of their father when they turn 18. However, a donor is not the legal parent and is not named on the birth certificate.
But with an unlicensed donor a woman can ask for child support at any time - and the man could claim paternity.
Ms Witjens says she appreciates that the cost of treatment can be expensive and some do not want to be in the clinical system.
"But if you can't afford £1,500 to secure safety for yourself and your child, you should wonder if you're fit for parenthood. It's an expensive job.
"What I find surprising is women investigate holiday destinations more than this."
The Victoria Derbyshire programme is broadcast on weekdays between 09:15 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.
WASHINGTON – President Trump will look to “reboot” the U.S.-Egyptian relationship when he welcomes Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi to the White House on Monday.
“He wants to use president al-Sisi's visit to reboot the bilateral relationship and build on the strong connection the two presidents established when they first met in New York last September,” a senior administration official told reporters on background ahead of the visit.
The meeting is expected to focus on countering terrorism in Egypt and the region, as well as U.S. financial support to Egypt to counter it.
The President will meet with al-Sisi in the Oval Office, before leading an expanded bilateral meeting with him in the Cabinet Room. He will then have a working luncheon with the Egyptian president in the State Dining Room.
It will be the second time they have spoken since Trump's inauguration. The two spoke via phone on Jan. 23.
It will be the first time in seven years since an Egyptian head of state visited the White House, according to David Schenker, Aufzien Fellow and director of the Program on Arab Politics at The Washington Institute.
“The April 3 Oval Office meeting between Presidents Trump and Abdul Fattah al-Sisi promises to be a warm homecoming. Although the two leaders have met only once previously – prior to the U.S. elections on the sidelines of last year's UN General Assembly – they have by all accounts established a good rapport,” he wrote recently.
Schenker said their bond appears to be based on counterterrorism. Egypt is facing an insurgency from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in the Sinai Peninsula that is claiming dozens of Egyptian security force deaths per month on average.
ISIS, though having an estimated 600 fighters in the area, has wreaked havoc in the Sinai. According to Schenker, its successes there include the downing of an Mi-17 helicopter in 2014, destroying an M60 battle tank and sinking an Egyptian patrol boat in 2015. It has claimed it bombed a Russian passenger jet, killing 224 civilians.
A big question for Trump is how much he may provide to Egypt in terms of financial support to tackle this problem as well as terrorism in the region, amid concerns of human rights abuses.
The U.S. currently provides $1.3 billion in annual foreign military financing, and al-Sisi could request additional military funding that will enable it to purchase legacy weapons systems using U.S. financial assistance commitments.
The Obama administration curtailed some aid to the country in 2015 after al-Sisi's military coup against Muslim Brotherhood president Mohamed Morsi.
Trump has indicated he has wanted to cut foreign assistance, but the senior official said a “strong and sufficient level of support” to Egypt will continue.
“We've had a longstanding relationship with substantial foreign military assistance and economic support. That support has continued and we anticipate it will continue into the future,” the official said.
“We're in the budget process right now, and those discussions are ongoing as to how it will be broken out but we are going to maintain a strong and sufficient level of support to Egypt,” the official said.
There is some concern that Egypt has not been cracking down as hard as it could on ISIS, and is instead more concerned with buying weapons for a future conventional war.
“To wit, the Egyptian military continues to favor purchasing tanks, F-16s, and missiles with its FMF instead of equipment better suited for counterinsurgency and border-security operations,” Schenker wrote.
As for human rights issues, the official said they are always “first and foremost in our discussions,” but said the administration's approach is to handle such sensitive issues discreetly.
“Our approach is to handle these types of sensitive issues in a private, more discreet way that we believe is the most effective way to advance those issues to a favorable outcome,” the official said.
Trump is also expected to press al-Sisi to advance political and economic reform in Egypt, the senior administration official said.
“[Al-Sisi has] called for reform and moderation of Islamic discourse, initiated historic and courageous economic reforms, and sought to reestablish Egypt's regional leadership role,” the official said.
“President Trump also supports al-Sisi's ambition to develop a comprehensive counterterrorism approach that involves military, political, economic as well as social efforts. But President Trump also wants to increase the focus on economic and commercial cooperation,” the official said.
“Building a more stable, productive economy is a critical step to ensure long-term stability in Egypt,” the official said. “There is no question that the transition in their economy will be difficult in the long run, Egypt will be stronger if it follows through on its homegrown reform plan.”
The Canadian Press
CALGARY -- Edgar Nernberg sees the irony of believing the Earth is roughly 6,000 years old, while being the one to discover rare fossils of fish that scientists estimate lived 60 million years ago.
Nernberg sits on the board of the Big Valley Creationist Museum southeast of Red Deer, Alta. He helped establish the museum in 2008, but also works as a heavy equipment operator in Calgary.
The 64-year-old was excavating a basement in March when he caught sight of something special in the bucket of his trackhoe: black outlines of five fish in a block of sandstone.
He contacted a paleontologist and assistant professor at the University of Calgary, Darla Zelenitsky, who assessed the full fossils of a primitive bony, type of fish as an extraordinary find.
She has calculated the fish lived shortly after an asteroid killed off the dinosaurs and many other species, leaving surviving animals and plants to diversify.
Nernberg thinks the fish were most likely to have been alive shortly before the Great Flood in the Bible, about 4,300 years ago.
"We agree to disagree," Nernberg said Thursday after a news conference alongside Zelenitsky to show off the fossils.
"We're quite amicable and really almost friends."
Nernberg said he was taught evolution in school, but later came to reject it. He built a miniature replica of Noah's Ark for the creationist museum.
He believes humans existed at the same time as the dinosaurs, then the Great Flood wiped out almost everything.
"There were dinosaurs that survived the flood, of course, but there may still be some around. We don't know that for sure."
Nernberg said he's not been persuaded by Zelenitsky and other scientists.
"She's been taught through the educational establishment that that's the way it is ... In talking to her, I'm not sure she's actually explored this much."
The fish in the fossils don't look primitive, he added.
"They look like any modern-day fish."
Zelenitsky said everyone is entitled to their own beliefs.
"I'm a scientist, so I basically follow science," she said.
"This just goes to show that anyone can find fossils. There are a lot of amateur fossil hunters out there."
She credits Nernberg with recognizing the fossils were significant and not leaving them in the ground.
The fossils are to be transported to the Royal Tyrell Museum in Drumheller, 60 kilometres away from the rival creationist museum. Experts will be better able to examine them there and hopefully identify the fish, said Zelenitsky.
Nernberg said he has been promised replicas for his exhibition, but also hopes the Drumheller facility will put up two plaques near its display: "One with the evolutionary explanation and one with the creation explanation.
"Now that's pretty far-fetched, I think, but you never know."
-- By Chris Purdy in Edmonton
Thursday morning, Ryan Dzingel was talking about being protected.
Come nighttime, he took a deflected Erik Karlsson shot where he had little protection — skating off the ice and rushing into the dressing room with a towel to his head with just under six minutes left in the first period.
After Curtis Lazar temporarily stepped in for him on a line with Kyle Turris and Bobby Ryan, Dzingel returned late in the second period with his usual jump in his step.
As for the morning talk, it was about whether the Senators would leave him unprotected in next June's expansion draft for the incoming Las Vegas franchise.
He has given little thought to becoming a Golden Knight, but his phone was buzzing the other night after TSN's mock expansion draft suggested he could end up in Sin City.
“It was just funny to see my friends texting me, thinking I'm going to Vegas,” he said. “They have no idea what's going on. I guess it's a possibility, but it's somebody just guessing. It doesn't really bother me. Hopefully, it doesn't happen. Hopefully, I get protected.”
RED ROCKET
Frustrated by his inability to score with several odd man rushes against Montreal on Tuesday, Dzingel had an on-ice session with Daniel Alfredsson, the Senators senior adviser of hockey operations. Alfredsson suggested Dzingel was trying to do too much in close, saying his speed is often enough to throw off goalies.
Dzingel also plucked a new/old stick off the rack against Boston, going back to his “red rocket”, the lumber he used to score his first five goals this season. Why did he change in the first place? “You're always looking to improve,” he said.
THE OTHER RYAN
Dzingel's wishes to stay in Ottawa are enhanced by the fact the Senators can expose fellow winger Bobby Ryan in the draft — if they choose to do so.
While Ryan owns a modified no-movement clause, a source has confirmed a Sportsnet report that it doesn't cover Ryan from expansion draft considerations.
After the 2016-17 season, Ryan will have five years and $37.25 remaining on the contract he signed with the Senators in October, 2014. His salary cap hit is $7.25 million.
Would Vegas roll the dice on that contract? Ryan, incidentally, turns 30 next March.
Ryan, returning from the hand injury he suffered a week earlier when hit by a Chris Wideman shot, wasn't very involved early on.
DEFENCE AGAINST DRAFT
Dion Phaneuf, meanwhile, is protected from moving to Vegas. He will have four years and $25.5 million remaining on his contract after the current season.
After skipping Wednesday's practice following a physical outing in Montreal, Phaneuf was back in the lineup against Boston, wearing the equipment captain Erik Karlsson chose to wear for Wednesday's workout.
“It feels good,” Phaneuf said, with a smile. “It dried out. He kept it nice and broken in for me.”
Perhaps Karlsson left some of his offensive skills on the gear. Phaneuf picked up his fourth assist, and fifth point, of the season on Mark Stone's second period goal.
TOUGH TASK FOR ROOKIE
Is it just me or does anybody else think “Godfather” when they see the name Brandon Carlo? Carlo, Boston's 6-5 rookie defenceman, has fast made a name for himself. Among other highlights, he posted a plus/minus of plus 5 in his NHL debut.
Yet with regular partner Zdeno Chara out indefinitely due to a lower body injury, Carlo can't lean on the 6-9, 250-pound Bruins captain for support. He was paired with the 5-10, 185-pound John-Michael Liles.
“You've got to be able (to adjust) in this league,” he said.
The wingspan of the new defence pair was considerably shorter, but they held their own against the Senators.
PATIENTS AND PATIENCE
Sounds like it will eventually get awfully crowded along the new LRT line, given the possible new hospital coming to Tunney's Pasture and with the Senators' plans to build a new arena at Lebreton Flats still on track. Yet when we hear NCC officials talk about more and more studies, we're thinking that most of the Senators' current lineup will long be retired by the time the place is built.
GOOD LUCK? GOOD BONES?
When Montreal's Nathan Beaulieu blasted a slapshot off Mark Borowiecki's wrist in the first period Tuesday, the Senators defenceman original thought it was broken. X-rays proved otherwise. He was back to start the second. “Strong bones,” he said. “I guess it's because I drink a lot of milk.”
If the hand is hurting, Borowiecki was still ready to fight Boston's Adam McQuaid during a tense moment midway through the second period.
BIRTHDAY BONUS
Defenceman Fredrik Claesson celebrated his 24th birthday by being recalled from Binghamton. Claesson was a healthy scratch against Boston, but his salary jumped to $700,000 from $100,000. He played in Binghamton's 1-0 loss to Lehigh Valley Wednesday and reports that goaltender Andrew Hammond was outstanding in stopping 24 of 25 shots.
kwarren@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
[[wysiwyg_imageupload:12551:]]
The new Commissioner Gordon Gotham TV series in development for Fox is reportedly being said to have a young Bruce Wayne as a featured character.
A casting call website, TV Shows Auditions Info, apparently has details on the character.
A 10-year-old Bruce Wayne is among the roles that are now being cast as series regulars on the upcoming Fox TV series "Gotham" which explores the origin stories of Commissioner James Gordon and the villains that made Gotham City famous. Shooting on the pilot episode will get underway in March, 2014 and will center on Gotham City PD rookie homicide detective James Gordon who investigates the double murder of Thomas and Martha Wayne.
Although the "Gotham" central figure of James Gordon first appears in Detective Comics #27 when Bruce Wayne is Batman, [Bruno] Heller begins the series re-creating the characters pre-#27.
It was previously said the Gotham series wouldn't feature Batman as it's set before Detective Jim Gordon meets the Dark Knight, which looks to be the case.
(pictured: Gus Lewis as 8-year-old Bruce Wayne from Batman Begins)
Image copyright AFP Image caption EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said several issues still needed to be resolved
Talks between world powers and Iran on a comprehensive nuclear agreement will continue past Tuesday's deadline, the EU's foreign policy chief says.
Federica Mogherini told reporters in Vienna that the negotiations would carry on "for the next couple of days".
Meetings took place late into Monday night, with foreign ministers grappling to resolve outstanding issues and warning a deal was not yet assured.
The talks have intensified since the previous deadline was missed last week.
The so-called P5+1 - the US, UK, France, China and Russia plus Germany - want Iran to scale back its sensitive nuclear activities to ensure that it cannot build a nuclear weapon.
Iran, which wants crippling international sanctions lifted, has always insisted that its nuclear work is peaceful.
'Flexible deadline'
Representatives of both sides said a deal was closer than ever before as foreign ministers arrived at Vienna's Palais Coburg hotel on Monday. But when the talks broke up in the early hours of Tuesday, it seemed likely that the midnight (22:00 GMT) deadline would be missed.
Ms Mogherini said the negotiations, which she has been chairing, would continue but insisted: "This does not mean we are extending our deadline."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There are still several issues to reconcile before a nuclear deal can be reached
"We are interpreting in a flexible way our deadline, which means that we are taking the time, the days we still need, to finalise the agreement," she added.
The Italian diplomat said that a deal was "something which is still possible even if we are now getting into the difficult time", with several issues to resolve.
A spokesman for the Iranian delegation told the AFP news agency it had "no deadline".
US Secretary of State John Kerry had wanted an agreement finalised by Wednesday at the latest so that it could be submitted to the US Congress for approval by Thursday. If a deal is presented later, the review period will double from 30 days to 60.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said "very significant progress" had been made at the talks.
"We singled out eight or nine issues, fewer than 10, where we need to add the finishing touches," Russian state news agency RIA Novosti quoted him as saying.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption US Secretary of State John Kerry had wanted an agreement finalised by Wednesday
Mr Lavrov believed a long-term accord could be ready "in a few days".
"Everyone's focused on securing good-quality agreements. And there is every reason to believe that we'll achieve that," he said, according to the Interfax news agency.
The sticking points are said to include the duration of limits on Iranian nuclear research and development, guidelines for international inspections and how sanctions will be lifted.
Tehran is also demanding that the UN ban on the import and export of conventional arms and ballistic missiles be lifted as part of any deal.
The text of a new UN Security Council resolution is being drafted, but the US and its European allies oppose lifting the arms embargo because Iran has been accused of fomenting unrest in the Middle East.
Russia and China have expressed support for lifting the embargo, which was imposed in 2007.
Officials from the global nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), meanwhile held "intense discussions" with officials in Tehran on Monday in an effort to resolve questions about the possible military dimensions of Iran's nuclear programme.
The Bend City Council voted Wednesday May 3, 2017 to take about $350,000 from tourism marketing and use it for road repairs. (Bulletin file photo) 6300559
The Bend City Council voted Wednesday May 3, 2017 to take about $350,000 from tourism marketing and use it for road repairs. (Bulletin file photo) - Bulletin
A- A+
By Marina Starleaf Riker The Bulletin
The Bend City Council has heard residents' concerns and decided to take money from tourism marketing — about $350,000 — and instead use it to fix Bend's crumbling streets as soon as this July.
For nearly 15 years, about 35 percent of the money earned from city hotel taxes has been used to market Bend to new tourists, something many residents aren't happy about because the city struggles to come up with enough money to fix potholes and build new roads. On Wednesday, city councilors voted to reduce the amount of money that goes to tourism marketing by 4 percent, which could instead be used for city services such as police, fire and street repairs.
“The tourism industry is certainly stepping up and doing its part in recognizing the impact that it's had,” said Bend Mayor Casey Roats, adding that Bend's tourism officials were supportive of the proposal.
On a typical summer day, Bend hosts nearly 20,000 visitors — all of whom pay taxes when staying in hotels and vacation rentals. State law requires that a certain portion of that money be used for tourism promotion, which pays to hire Visit Bend to market the city to visitors.
Right now, tourism taxes yield about $10 million per year, and about $6.5 million of that pays for city services. Increasing the portion of tax revenue that goes to the city by 4 percent could yield about $350,000 — an amount that could change in the future depending on whether tax revenues increase or decrease.
Bend's city councilors have decided to earmark that money this year to fix city streets. Bend is facing an $80 million backlog in needed road repairs; city councilors are looking to reduce other department budgets, which they say could yield about $1.6 million to improve Bend's roads in the next year.
“Some of the messages that we heard in the community are, ‘Why are you promoting tourism in a time where our community is red hot in the first place?'” said Councilor Bill Moseley.
But just because city councilors decided to take money from tourism promotion doesn't mean it'll hurt Visit Bend. Tourism tax revenue has grown dramatically as more tourists flock to the city for vacations each year — that means the amount of money paying for Visit Bend is growing, too.
On average, a single hotel room brings in about $2,300 in annual tax revenue for the city — about $1,500 more than property taxes on a home valued at $300,000 would produce, according to Kevney Dugan, the president of Visit Bend. In addition to producing millions of dollars for city services, tourism draws in new businesses and employees to the region, said Dugan.
“We know that the tourism industry in general is a great economic element in the Bend community,” said Dugan.
On Wednesday, Dugan presented city councilors with a plan for how Visit Bend will spend city money. This year, the agency will get about $3 million, which will be used to promote Bend and increase hotel occupancy citywide.
According to Visit Bend's business plan, the agency will also use the money to build bike-share stations in touristy areas. Visit Bend will also continue to promote its “Visit like a local” campaign, which aims to educate visitors on how to act responsibly in the community, such as using their blinkers in roundabouts and picking up their trash.
“We're doing our best to manage and listen,” said Dugan.
­— Reporter: 541-633-2160, mriker@bendbulletin.com
17150379
Anxiety around children's eating habits often peaks during sweets-laden holidays like Halloween, but the factors that contribute to excess weight in kids extend well beyond special occasions. Most children who are obese—now 17 percent in the U.S.—will carry that extra heft into adulthood, along with the long-term health consequences. Scientists project that today's generation of children will live shorter lives than their parents and have higher rates of heart disease, diabetes and atherosclerosis. Despite diverse efforts—from First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move campaign to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's MyPlate nutrition guidance changes—the number of overweight and obese children does not seem to be dropping, which has sent scientists searching for other drivers of the childhood obesity epidemic.
One group at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is enlisting experts from fields as wide-ranging as genetics and communications to try to untangle the intricate web of forces that yields a profusion of pudgy kids. "It's cellular makeup, it's child behaviors and child attributes, it's family behaviors within communities and environments within state and national level policies," says Kristen Harrison, founder of the university's Synergistic Theory and Research on Obesity and Nutrition Group (STRONG) Kids project. "It's incredibly complex." Factors such as heredity, access to exercise, parental food habits and cultural differences in portion sizes are all known to contribute to childhood obesity.
And these factors do not exist in isolation. "What we don't really know yet is how those factors interact with each other," Harrison says. And recently researchers at STRONG and elsewhere have started uncovering additional, surprising drivers of obesity, such as sleep schedules and the frequency of family meals.
Visualization is courtesy of TheVisualMD.com
More to diet and exercise
Getting kids to eat healthfully and get more exercise might sound simple, but the long list of genetic, cultural and environmental factors that lead children to these behaviors are complicated and interconnected, and scientists have just started to understand them in the past few years.
Fresh fruits and vegetables, for example, are not always accessible. Some communities have plenty of grocery stores that stock fresh, healthy foods, whereas other neighborhoods have only fast-food chains and corner convenience stores, making it difficult to get enough healthful items. "A family may be really motivated, but if it takes two bus rides to get to a store that carries fresh produce, it's hard," Harrison says. Outside the family sphere, children are also often confronted with a wide variety of pound-packing options in vending machines and even in school lunches.
Budget cuts at schools have also cut back on sports and physical education programs, reducing the amount of exercise kids get during school hours. And a lack outdoor play spaces like parks and woods can also hamper parents' good intentions. "Parents who live in neighborhoods that aren't safe, aren't going to send their kids to play outside," Harrison says. And an indoor lifestyle makes it difficult for children to get enough exercise to keep their weight down—or lose weight that they currently have.
The researchers are also quick to point out that all the blame cannot fall solely on parents either. "Often people say, 'Well parents, just stop feeding your kids so much,'" Harrison says. "There's an attitude that people are stupid, they're greedy, they don't care. And that couldn't be further than the truth." When parents in low-income communities are asked about nutrition, they know the right answers, he says. They know that their kids should be eating more fruits and vegetables, and less fast food. "So there's something way beyond just education."
Television watching, for example, turns out to be a better predictor of bad eating habits than does parental weight, race and income, and a child's gender and ethnicity—together—according to a study by Harrison and her team. This is probably prompted by child-targeted food marketing, combined with a sedentary lifestyle and snacking while watching. One study published in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine in 2006 estimated that for every hour of daily television, kids consumed an additional 167 calories.
Visualization is courtesy of TheVisualMD.com
Deeper drivers
Parents, schools and even family doctors might be pardoned if they have neglected to consider some of the newly described factors that might be behind childhood obesity. In one study unconnected with the STRONG Kids Project, researchers in Australia set out to study how sleep might affect weight. They found that, contrary to their expectations, it was not the amount of sleep that mattered, it was timing, says Carol Maher, a postdoctoral research fellow at the University of South Australia and lead researcher on the study. Children who went to bed early and got up early were far healthier than those who went to bed late and got up late, even though the two groups got the same amount of sleep.
It could be that those who go to sleep later spend more time watching television. Mornings tend to be better for exercise, whereas evenings are prime computer and television times—which means less exercise, more snacking, and more exposure to food marketing. But, Maher points out, it could also mean that kids who are more physically active during the day tend to get tired earlier, and go to bed earlier.
How often kids eat with their families also might impact childhood obesity rates—one group found that every meal not eaten with the family each week predicted an 8 percent increase in the likelihood that a child would be overweight. And health benefits of home-cooked meals might not be the only reason for this correlation, Harrison says. The simple act of a reliable family meal could also be adding psychological stability. Kids who feel like they have a support system and can manage their emotions tend to be healthier overall. Family mealtimes often provide parents a place to spot behavioral warning signs for depression or other unhealthy stressors.
Harrison hopes data from the STRONG Kids program will help policymakers examine the blind spots in current strategies. Because the drivers of childhood obesity are complex, solutions will have to be so, too, she says. Instead of tackling one factor, "they'd be double-barreled and triple-barreled policies," she says. For example, she said, policies that affect schools could address several of the causes of childhood obesity, such as access to vending machines, physical activity requirements, and even teaching students healthier habits. "If you attack a bunch of the influences at once," Harrison says, "you're going to get a much more powerful effect."
NEW DELHI: CBSE schools will have to use NCERT textbooks from the 2017-18 academic session. The move to make National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) study materials mandatory for all Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) schools across the country is expected to standardise the curriculum across schools in the country.The decision was taken at a review meeting chaired by Union minister for human resource development Prakash Javadekar.It is a welcome relief for millions of parents forced by schools to purchase textbooks from private publishers, often at prices 300-600% higher than the NCERT books. senior HRD officials said NCERT has been directed to make all the textbooks available, in adequate numbers, through its 680 empanelled distribution vendors across the country by the last week of March, so that the April deadline for the 2017-18 academic session can be met. All the CBSE schools will have to raise their demand online on CBSE's website by February 22, 2017.The MHRD decision comes after complaints by schools and parents about non-availability of NCERT books on schedule, and also by parents about schools selling expensive books by private publishers. “Many schools have book kiosks on their premises. As well as selling exorbitantly priced textbooks from private publishers, these shops sell ‘bundle packs' that include pencils, erasers, and other stationery, which would cost a lot less for parents in the open market. We have also noticed that private publishers are sponsoring several school heads on junkets to countries like Switzerland,” a senior HRD official said.A CBSE official said that based on the mandatory disclosure of its schools, the board has an accurate estimate of the quantum of NCERT textbooks necessary for Classes I-XII for any academic session.“We now know the number of students a school has class-wise, rather than section-wise. As schools raise their demand online, we will know whether they are requisitioning for adequate number of books. The numbers may vary, as March is also a month of admissions. But the schools are expected to factor this in their purchases. CBSE will also monitor the annual subscription by schools,” the official said.
Brown coal's share of the main national electricity grid has surged to its highest level since September 2012, increasing the sector's greenhouse gas emissions, energy consultants Pitt & Sherry say.
The fresh data came as climate change ministers from around the country met in Adelaide on Monday to discuss how state governments might co-operate on emissions.
Ramping up: Coal's share of the market is increasing. Credit:Paul Jones
Coal-fired power plants accounted for just under 75 per cent of the supply to the National Electricity Market (NEM) in April, and brown coal – with its higher emissions – accounted for almost 24 percentage points of that total.
"The lowest share of coal was 72.6 per cent for last July," Hugh Saddler, principal consultant for Pitt & Sherry, said. "As soon as the carbon price went away, it started to go up."
Ayatollah Khamenei issued the thinly-veiled threat in an uncompromising speech in which he said the result of the election would not be decided on the streets.
He used a speech at Friday prayers at Tehran University to launch a strident attack on the West, especially Britain, as he declared strong support for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the hardliner who was declared the winner of poll.
"Street demonstrations should end," he declared. "If they don't, leading politicians will be held accountable for the chaos. The result of the election comes out of the ballot box, not from the street.
"The candidates in the election should be very careful what they say and how they behave," he said. "If they want to break the law, they will be responsible for the bloodshed, for the riots taking place and for any form of unrest."
Protests began a week ago after officials announced Mr Ahmadinejad had been re-elected as president with 63 per cent of vote. Mir-Hossein Mousavi, the former prime minister who came second in the official tally, cried foul at the result and hundreds of thousands of his supporters have since taken to the streets to demand a recount.
Tehran city officials, taking a cue from the Supreme Leader, made clear that further dissent would be crushed. It remained uncertain last night if Mr Mousavi would retreat following a threat that the regime would unleash the Basji militia, a thuggish force set up to defend clerical rule.
Mehdi Karoubi, the most liberal presidential candidate, signalled continued defiance against the ayatollah by calling for a fresh election. Shirin Ebadi, the dissident Nobel Prize winner, added her voice to calls for a new vote.
Ayatollah Khamenei, linked the street protests to meddling foreign powers intent on destroying the Islamic regime. Hundreds of diehard supporters of the regime chanted "God is Great" as he lashed out Britain's supposed role in fanning the protests.
"Observe the hands of your enemies. There are hungry wolves ambushing us and removing the diplomatic cover from their faces. They are showing their real faces. And the most evil of them all is the British Government." he said. The attack on Britain yesterday prompted the Foreign Office to summon the Iranian ambassador in for a dressing down.
After blaming the outside world for the divisions on display on the streets, Ayatollah Khamenei appealed to the dissident candidates to take up grievances with the official bodies empowered to settle disputes between different parts of the Iranian system.
"The competition for the election was very clear and we can until now we can witness that the competition was among four persons who are from and belong to the Islamic system," he said. "I call on all these dear friends and brothers to observe the law and come to an understanding. The legal channel is open. Pursue this line."
But the 69-year-old who has led Iran since the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1989 made clear he saw no scope for overturning the result. He said: "The legal mechanisms in our country do not allow cheating. How can one cheat with a margin of 11 million votes."
The Tehran University gathering hall, a square covered by a corrugated iron roof, has witnessed thousands of displays of defiance by the leaders of the Islamic republic in the three decades since the revolution. In the midst of the strongest street challenges the regime has encountered, Ayatollah Khamenei in effect delivered an ultimatum to Mr Mousavi and his youthful middle class followers.
"Khamenei has thrown down the gauntlet to the protesters," Anoush Ehteshami, professor of international relations at Durham University. "He said, speaking to Mousavi, that this is the chosen path of the Revolution, and it is up to him to follow and accept what has happened or stay outside the law."
There had been attempts to use the occasion to engineer a display of unity but Mr Mousavi and Mr Karoubi refused to attend. Loyalists were prominent at the assembly including Mr Ahmedinejad and Ali Larajani, the more pragmatic speaker of parliament.
The Iranian leader admitted there were deep divisions within the political elite as he lavished praise on Mr Ahmadinejad and attacked Iran's pre-eminent power-broker, Hashemi Rafasanjani.
The ex-president who was due to have led the prayers, was also absent as Ayatollah Khamenei acknowledged some "different points of view" with his veteran colleague. "Differences of opinion do exist between officials which is natural. But it does not mean there is a rift in the system.
"Ever since the last presidential election there existed differences of opinion between Ahmadinejad and (former president Hashemi) Rafsanjani. "Of course my outlook is closer to that of Ahmadinejad in domestic and foreign policy."
As chairman of the body that selects Iran's ultimate authority, the Assembly of Experts, Mr Rafasanjani is the one man who could depose the Supreme Leader.
The two-hour speech laid bare the struggle for Iran's future direction between those would maintain Islamic purity in defiance of links with the outside world and the pragmatists keen to answer popular aspirations for prosperity and closer ties to the international community.
President Barack Obama, who has set out a conciliatory new approach to Iran, was scorned yesterday as one of those who hungered for the regime's downfall. In twisting the US leaders words, Ayatollah Khomeini gave Iranians notice of the clear choice facing the nation.
With the off-season departure of several veterans, the Kings have turned to young centers to pivot key depth lines. Nick Shore, 23 and Andy Andreoff, 24, are operating in positions – or, perhaps, “boxes” – held in recent seasons by veterans such as Mike Richards, Jarret Stoll and Colin Fraser.
The season is only five games old, and the Kings are yet to play on the road, so it's too early to have a clear picture painted of the players' performances. But in Sunday night's win over Colorado – or, for the first period, at least – the Andreoff line was highly effective as he, Jordan Nolan and Kyle Clifford had swarmed the opposing net and played with an energy that the rest of the team fed off.
“Yeah, I thought our line had a pretty good start in the first period,” Andreoff said. “I kind of ruined that by getting kicked out, but it's good getting that confidence going playing together. The more games we play, the better we'll play. Hopefully we can build of that first period and bring it to the next game.”
So, about “getting kicked out.” Andreoff and Avalanche forward Cody McLeod ran afoul of NHL Rule 46.7, “Fighting After the Original Altercation,” and were both assessed fighting majors and game misconducts.
The rule states:
A game misconduct penalty shall be imposed on any player who is assessed a major penalty for fighting after the original altercation has started. Notwithstanding this rule, at the discretion of the Referee, the automatic game misconduct penalty may be waived for a player or goalkeeper in the altercation if the opposing player was clearly the instigator of the altercation.
Sutter felt that the officials had the opportunity to keep the Andreoff-McLeod altercation from happening.
“I didn't like the fact that [Andy] got kicked out. I thought it was clearly an officiating mistake,” he said. “After the Skille-Nolan fight, clearly 55 (McLeod) for them was involved in that, too, so they should've handled that right away and nothing would've happened. For anybody who knows anything about hockey, nothing would've happened if the referees would've taken care of 55 right away.”
After the original fight, according to highlights available at LAKings.com, referee Tim Peel restrained McLeod before skating to the penalty box area to communicate with the off-ice officials. At the 2:02 mark of the video below, a replay shows that as referee Kyle Rehman hovered around Kyle Clifford, Andreoff and McLeod, McLeod gave a two-handed jab to Andreoff's back before the two engaged each other in the offending bout, earning game misconducts.
Andreoff said the secondary incident grew out of the exchange involving Nolan.
“I guess I just didn't really like the way McLeod was talking to Noley,” he said. “He was kind of chirping him, I guess because he fought Skille. I didn't really know about the rule, but lesson learned now, so I won't do that again.”
The incident followed a productive 4:14 of ice time for Andreoff, who took two shots on goal and was on the ice for eight Los Angeles shot attempts and only one Colorado shot attempt, according to statistics provided by War-on-Ice.
“It would've been nice to see Andy not get kicked out so that they could've played more,” Sutter said. “It was the first game that they demonstrated that they could play to their strengths as a threesome. … If they're just five-to-seven minute players, then that doesn't fit either very well. The fourth line, they have to have an identity.”
On a visit to Russia, Bulgarian Socialist Party chief Kornelia Ninova met with Sergey Naryshkin, President of the State Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, who is on the EU sanctions list. Ninova stated that her party is against the sanctions imposed on Russia over the Ukraine crisis.
Ninova attended the congress of the United Russia party of President Vladimir Putin. United Russia calls itself conservative, but the ideological difference didn't prevent the Bulgarian Socialists, and another centre-left party, ABV, home to former President Georgi Parvanov, from being special guests at the event.
The Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) is the largest opposition party in Bulgaria. Sergei Stanishev, leader of the Party of European Socialists, was the BSP leader from 2001 to 2014. Today (28 June), Stanishev is hosting a pre-summit meeting of the EU heads of state and government from the centre-left political family.
Ninova was recently elected BSP leader, with the task of winning back disaffected voters and pushing for an early general election.
Bulgarian socialists elect woman as leader Bulgaria's Socialist Party (BSP), the biggest opposition party in the Balkan country, chose a new leader yesterday (8 May) with the task of winning back disaffected voters and pushing for an early general election.
According to the Bulgarian press, Ninova met with Naryshkin, and the two discussed the EU sanctions and the travel ban list, in which the Russian politician is included.
“These sanctions did harm to the Bulgarian economy, agriculture and tourism. We insist that they should be lifted,” Ninova is quoted as saying.
Ninova also said that her party is against the Romanian initiative for a joint fleet of Romania, Bulgaria, Turkey and Ukraine, intended to serve as a counterbalance Russian naval power in the Black Sea.
In this respect, the positions of the BSP and the centre-right Prime Minister Boyko Borissov coincide. Recently, Borissov said that Bulgaria was among the most loyal EU countries and was doing what was expected of the European family, but added that there was no way that Bulgaria would be attacked by Russia.
Bulgaria refuses to join NATO Black Sea fleet against Russia Bulgaria has refused to take part in a joint ‘common NATO' fleet of Romania Ukraine and Turkey, aimed at deterring Russia in the Black Sea, the Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov announced today (16 June). The Bulgarian Prime Minister said that …
Ninova met United Russia's leader, Boris Grizlov, and they are reported to have discussed opportunities for deepening inter-party relations, improving contacts between their leaders, and the development of political relations and economic ties between the two countries.
Georgi Parvanov is also attending the congress. Speaking at a panel titled “The world in 2016 – challenges and opportunities,” Parvanov said that the modern security architecture cannot be built without Russia, and also called for the lifting of EU sanctions against Moscow.
“Tracker” is a generic term used to describe devices that orient various payloads toward the sun. In the case of photovoltaic (PV) systems, the payload is the PV module. There is no other single balance-of-system (BOS) component that can increase a PV system's performance like a tracker.
By maintaining consistent direct exposure from the sun to the module, trackers can improve a PV system's output by up to 40 percent over a ﬁxed-tilt array. The increment of production improvement over a ﬁxed system depends on the project's latitude and the type of tracker. The benefits of trackers vary between the different categories of trackers (one-axis, 1.5-axis, and dual-axis).
FIGURE: Tracker Technology Comparison
Source: Solar PV Balance of System (BOS) Markets: Technologies, Costs and Leading Companies, 2013-2016
By virtue of having moving machinery and requiring a less-dense configuration than ﬁxed-tilt systems, trackers virtually always come at an added cost relative to fixed systems. In order for a tracker to make economic sense, the increased energy harvest must exceed the added cost of installing and maintaining trackers over the lifetime of the system. An additional factor to be considered in the decision to use trackers or fixed systems is land use; tracking systems tend to use additional land because they must be spaced out in order to avoid shading one another as they track the sun. This means that panels must be spaced farther apart, thus increasing land use and land costs for the developer.
The other downside to trackers is the operations and maintenance (O&M) cost, which tends to be higher for this category of systems relative to ﬁxed-tilt systems. Given the system's expected operating life of at least twenty years, O&M costs can add up to a meaningful share of total system costs.
Fixed vs. Tracking: Comparative Metrics
The major selection for developers beyond module technology is racking type (ﬁxed-tilt versus tracking). Historically, selecting First Solar modules has entailed the use of a ﬁxed-tilt system. This will change in 2013 and beyond as First Solar vets and deploys its first tracker systems for projects in its pipeline. However, modules from most c-Si suppliers offer the option to choose between the two tracking types. Factors likely to play a role in this selection include land availability, module cost, and O&M.
Land Availability
Tracking systems have a larger area footprint per megawatt, so space-constrained areas will be less attractive for trackers. Typical land use for fixed PV can be 4 to 5 acres per megawatt, while a single-axis tracking system will use 4 to 7 acres per megawatt, depending mostly on module selection. This is part of the reason why, historically, thin-film modules have rarely been paired with tracking systems, since the land needed by thin-film technologies is already higher compared to crystalline-silicon modules. However, trackers require fewer modules for the same energy output, so the ultimate comparison for evaluating trackers must account for module cost and tracker cost.
FIGURE: Land Requirements by Mounting Structure Type & Module Conversion Efficiency
Source: Solar PV Balance of System (BOS) Markets: Technologies, Costs and Leading Companies, 2013-2016
System Performance and Cost
Since the purpose of trackers is to increase energy harvest, the relative costs of trackers and modules need to be considered carefully. In order to decide which architecture to implement, we need to examine the cost of the system. The figure below illustrates the impact of various module costs on total system costs by assuming the fixed-tilt BOS system costs to be $1.17 per watt and tracker cost to come in at a $0.36-per-watt premium.
FIGURE: Relationship Between Module Cost and System Cost, Fixed vs. Tracking
Source: Solar PV Balance of System (BOS) Markets: Technologies, Costs and Leading Companies, 2013-2016
Comparing two 10-megawatt systems, fixed-tilt will be the cheaper option. However, the recent declines in one-axis tracker costs have helped the economics of one-axis tracking tremendously. If we consider a Bakersfield, California project, we see that in high insolation areas, trackers can increase project performance by 25 percent. To account for this performance difference, we increase the fixed-tilt project size to 12.5 megawatts.
FIGURE: Energy Harvest, Fixed vs. One-Axis Tracking
Source: Solar PV Balance of System (BOS) Markets: Technologies, Costs and Leading Companies, 2013-2016
In comparing the 10-megawatt tracking project to the 12.5-megawatt ﬁxed-tilt system, we see that, at current module prices, the one-axis tracker is more attractive. This sudden shift in project economics is the basis behind the rise of one-axis tracking projects in high-insolation areas. In lower insolation areas, the economic difference between one-axis tracking and ﬁxed-tilt may not be as clear.
The analysis for this article looks only at upfront costs and does not consider the bankability and financing of tracking systems, nor does it consider the O&M differences, which could tilt the analysis to the opposite conclusion.
In Part II of this report snapshot next week, we will compare fixed-tilt and tracking PV systems in terms of O&M costs, end-user considerations and geographical factors. You can purchase the complete Solar PV Balance of System (BOS) Markets report today by clicking here.
#ImWithTheBand, are you?
The Lehigh football game experience wouldn't be complete without some key staples: linemen battling for position on the field, tailgaters jostling for beers off the field and mobs of neon-clad cocktail enthusiasts heading for the exits during the first quarter.
You don't even need to make it past the parking lot, though, to catch another, as a spirited bunch of part-time fight-song-singers and full-time musicians known as the Lehigh Marching 97 take the streets, the field, the stands and everywhere in between.
Yet with the university set to celebrate its most historic game streak and all of its traditions, another will soon come to an abrupt end.
For 130 years, our school's football team has faced off against rival Lafayette, and for 107 of them, the Marching 97 has stood alongside them, cheering them on through victory and defeat, singing their hearts out from the stands and giving hope to each and every play.
But at the 150th anniversary game, the band will not be marching at halftime.
Instead, they've been relegated to doing a five-minute pregame show and a marching-less joint halftime performance with the Lafayette quasi-band, along with a slew of other groups that have never before shown any interest in performing at Lehigh football games.
The difference may seem trivial to some, but as a former band member, I completely understand the anger and frustration felt by many current (and other past) 97 members.
Halftime marching performances are what marching bands do. It's their lifeblood, their very reason for being, and taking that away during the biggest game in school history feels like a slap in the face. It feels like punishment – for what, I simply don't know.
It should come as no surprise to anyone who the main villain in this story is. The Lafayette “park and blow” pep band and its accomplices have repeatedly gone a mile out of their way to strip the 97 of its playing time during rivalry games.
I've experienced this firsthand. My freshman year with the Marching 97, the Lafayette pseudo-band went five minutes over its allotted field time, causing us to slash our show in half. As they walked off the field smirking with their striped maroon t-shirts and knitted caps, I kept thinking, “We found Waldo. He stole our show.”
But this time's even worse.
You'd think that, during such a historic moment for both schools, we'd be able to show one another at least an ounce of sportsmanship and respect, but that went out the window the second they unveiled this year's performance schedule. So much for staying classy, Lafayette.
But the truly the saddest part is how little our own university, our administration, our athletics department and our music department have done to fight for the band. It's hard to imagine that, out of a two-hour pregame show, they couldn't have gotten more than five minutes for the band.
The Marching 97 doesn't ask for much – and they're no strangers to sharing. They share their minimal meeting and storage space with whatever sports team commandeers the Rauch Fieldhouse loft. They share their cruddy practice space with Honda Civics and Toyota Corollas, as a car parking lot is all they've ever been given.
And I'm guessing they would've been fine just sharing the halftime show, even if it's with groups that have no tradition with Lehigh football. But to be knocked down on your most vital performance after a hundred years of dedication just plain stinks. It's like never missing a day of class only to be kicked out of your graduation.
But in spite of any bitterness or anger, the band's going to make it – and they'll make it their own, too.
They'll put every fiber of their being into those pregame and halftime performances and they will leave their hearts on the field. It may not be the exact performances they wanted, but they'll do them with the 97's trademark passion, enthusiasm and psyche.
And it won't stop there. The Marching 97 will be the ones singing louder and cheering harder then everyone in the stadium, embodying the school spirit we should all strive for.
Marching halftime shows may be what marching bands do, but showing outrageous amounts of Lehigh pride and having a blast while doing it? Well, that's what the Marching 97 does.
Now it might be too late to change the fate of this year's performance schedule, but it's never too late to show support for the band. If you feel like me, then tell everyone: #ImWithTheBand. Let's give the Marching 97 the respect and recognition they deserve.
– Cristiano Lima, '13
1.
Some let the heart lead them through life, others are guided by the head. My heart's been dragging me across the map for years, and finally, in 2014, I said Enough, Misses, we're dropping anchor. I now live alone on a hillside in historic Ladysmith on Vancouver Island. I'm 51 years old, my most recent book—I Wasn't Always Like This (essays, Signature Editions)—has just been released, and if I'm lucky, in a few days I'll be wearing steel-toed boots and an orange T-shirt as I stock shelves at a Home Depot in Duncan.
2.
I've been writing and publishing books in multiple genres since 1990, when Thistledown Press released my first collection of poetry, A Few Words For January. I was more enthusiastic then, and much younger. That first book sold out in a month. Back in those days, I actually had the chutzpah to sell books door-to-door in my neighbourhood.
Article continues after advertisement
In my home province, Saskatchewan, I was well-served by the various writing organizations. The Saskatchewan Writers Guild funded me for numerous school and library readings; for residencies; for its manuscript editing service; and as an editor for the publications Spring and WindScript. The SWG bought my profiles and articles for its monthly newsletter, Freelance. Saskatchewan Publishers Group (now SaskBooks) paid me for reviews and for marketing Saskatchewan-published books at artisan fairs and educational conferences. Sage Hill Writing Experience hired me time and again as a Youth Writing Camp Instructor. I also freelanced for myriad markets, sold work to CBC Saskatchewan, worked for three years as a radio advertising copywriter, and consistently led workshops. It was enough. And it made a huge financial difference that I was not living alone.
3.
A quiet but prolific career. Four books of poetry, three short fiction collections, a novel, a juvenile novel, an illustrated children's book (with Bill Slavin), and an essay collection. Like so many others who've been writing and publishing for decades, I've felt the effects of our rapidly-changing industry, including far fewer reviews, fewer reading opportunities (and independent bookstore closures), much more self-marketing, more challenges for readership, and overall, a devastating decrease in income (which never amounted to much even in the rosiest of years). Each spring at income tax time I measure income vs. expenses and come to the same dire conclusion: Girl, this is bloody impossible.
4.
I'm among the lucky—or the cursed—who knew from an early age that writing would be her raison d'être. As a toddler in Kyle, Saskatchewan, I'd scribble across pages and show my mother, asking: Does this make a word? Does this? Apart from one Grade Twelve teacher's author suggestion (the novels of Hugh MacLennan), I wasn't introduced to CanLit in school. My first brush came via my mother's subscription to the venerable literary journal Grain: a Sandra Birdsell story fired a kind of consciousness. The work was an affirmation. Yes, it intuited, you can have these thoughts, and share them. This is the most exciting thing in the world.
Article continues after advertisement
5.
So the heart took us to Edmonton in 2010. Not far from the homeland, I quickly connected with the writing community and managed to get readings and other opportunities. The Writers Guild of Alberta was good to me, and I particularly appreciated the invitation to lead the Nine-day Writer-in-Residency at the Banff Centre.
I was found by former coworkers in radio and seduced to work as a radio advertising copywriter—which I'd last done in the late 1980s, early 1990s in Saskatoon—for two rock and roll stations. Writing commercials shares an affinity with poetry—the brevity, the every-word-matters-ness. As a “spec” writer creating 30-second spots to lure new clients, I had much creative freedom, and I loved the challenge of writing quickly and persuasively. Sometimes I would weasel in a little poetry:
The blue of a northern lake … The shine of a first kiss … The tulip yellow of reunions … raspberry … carrot … plum … The vermillion of surprise … hoar frost and winter white, and their quiet sister: Peace. Bold … dramatic … placid … colour …
Sets the tone. Benjamin Moore Paints … For those who experience the world in spectacular shades. Benjamin Moore. Painting the world since 1883. Twelve locations in Edmonton.
The radio station paid well. I cut back to part-time, and they let me work from my home office, or wherever else I happened to be every Tuesday and Thursday morning. I worked eight hours a week, lived with my partner, and was able to keep myself stocked in paper, ink, and friends' newly-released books.
6.
Hell, as it sometimes does, broke loose. (Damn you, heart.). I left stability and jumped into the fire. After four months of living with a new man—who chastised me for raising my eyes (“it puts lines in your forehead”)—I packed up my office and little more, and landed in Ladysmith for a fresh start. I had the security of the radio job. Just enough. What does a middle-aged, post mid-career, multi-genre writer do when she moves to a new community where she knows no one? Firstly, she hits the woods to walk out the demons. Then, she integrates: joins jam sessions, plays guitar or reads from her work at open stages, befriends neighbours, plays cribbage at the Legion, talks to strangers. She brashly calls the local newspaper editor and lands a full-page spread: accomplished new author in town. She hands out business cards: name, address, and TWUC (Writers Union of Canada) web-link on one side, titles on the other. She sells books at yard sales and craft fairs.
Then, she loses her radio job: the company sells, there are cutbacks. Then, she panics.
7.
The rate for a solo TWUC-sponsored reading is $250. The Saskatchewan Writers Guild pays $175 for the same. Those outside the literary world may think this extreme; those inside know that these reading opportunities rarely arise for most of us, and in my case, ironically, far less often as my list of titles has grown. It is gorgeous and important to be paid well for sharing work that may take years—ten, twelve, even sixteen—to write and hone. It's a validation, as are the grants that are few and far between, and certainly never anticipated.
Another side-effect of province-hopping; with residency requirements unmet, one is often not eligible for provincial grants and book award competitions. Opportunities narrow.
8.
Yes, the going gets tough. Then tougher. Now, with the essays just out, an illustrated children's book forthcoming with a respected Ontario publisher, and a curriculum vitae a juror once described as being “as long as [her] arm,” I'm facing poverty unlike anything I've known since the 1980s, when I lived with my little family in a low-income duplex in Saskatoon.
I've been willing to do anything for work in my adopted, coastal community. My first position—which I was completely unqualified for—was as a one-month live-in companion to a senior with early-stage dementia. My wages covered my taxes. My second job—again, unqualified; I was hired because of my literary cv—involved “teaching” leadership and ESL to teens at an international private school. I lived on campus and worked 14-hour days. My co-leaders were 18 to 21-ish. The job nearly killed me.
Since that summer contract ended, I've applied for three to six jobs daily. I tell employers that I'm a professional writer, and try to explain why that necessitates supplementing my income. I show them my books, and their expressions tell me they think this situation is ludicrous.
Competition for even the most menial jobs is fierce. I've applied up and down the coast, Victoria to Nanaimo. Colleges, pharmacies, hardware stores, hospitals, clinics, tourist information centres, campgrounds, airports, BC Ferries, administrative positions, landscaping companies, a paper-shredding business, liquor stores, a bookstore, consignment clothing shops, homestays, magazines, ad agencies, radio stations, newspapers, and technical writing positions are a few that come to mind.
I quality for Welfare Wednesdays at the special store where on the last Wednesday of each month, food's sold at extra low prices. I qualify for Income Assistance (aka Welfare) but have been too determined to support myself to apply. After all, I do have a career. It just doesn't pay.
9.
I must be doing something wrong; I can't get a job. I see an employment counselor. “It's the island,” she says, “paradise is tough.” I know this. I've heard of former CBC writers\producers taking jobs as hotel desk clerks and truck drivers. I share that I've applied for a job at the local printing company. I'd be stuffing flyers into newspapers. It's impossible not to laugh when I tell her that I likely won't get the job: “I'd need steel-toed boots,” I say. “And I can't afford them.” She says: “Shelley, if you get that job, we'll buy you the boots!” Two days ago I applied to be a “rabbit sitter.”
10.
Did I mention the new book? Sure, I wrote it simultaneously while working on other projects, but I Wasn't Always Like This was sixteen years in the making, all told. Yes, I do love the act of writing, but have I been well and truly crazy?
Here burns a more pertinent question: if I am succeeding professionally, as publication credits would imply, why the devil am I having such a difficult time financially?
Well, the heart, for sure, is partly to blame. It's brought me to a land where a) I am literarily unknown and b) every other person (or so it seems) is a writer, and the general public does not (or so it seems) distinguish between amateur and professional, between the coil-bound and unedited and sometimes terrific self-published books, and those published in the old way, by traditional publishers after a writer's built a career via journal and anthology publications, attending (then leading) workshops, literary volunteerism, contest wins, etc. It was a painstakingly long and difficult process to build that cv and demonstrate my work's worth to professional publishers based upon it—just saying.
True, I've also not had a “break-out” book, have won no major awards, nor do I possess a Masters in Creative Writing, or anything else. Somehow, though, there seems an injustice. The dedication. The decades. The financial (and other) sacrifices. Some of these books are taught in schools across the country.
And my story, I suspect, is a common one.
11.
I have hope, people. My interview for a three-month position as a “merchandiser” (shelf stocker) at Home Depot went well. (The woman who interviewed me is the niece of Saskatchewan writer Lois Simmie; she gets it.) I'll wear a smashing orange T-shirt, and I'm banking on that employment counselor to come through with the steel-toed boots. I'll need them.
Three months will bring me my two-province (Saskatchewan-Alberta), self-arranged and non-funded tour with the new collection. I'll have a traditional launch at McNally Robinson in Saskatoon, but I recognize that we must approach marketing differently now. With this book I'm offering to present at home-based “salons.” I've emailed everyone I know and asked if I can visit. If they have ten or twelve friends they can invite for what I'm calling an “interactive” reading and can provide me with B and B, I'm there.
This is a wing and a prayer.
12.
Reviews. When one's had a relatively modest career, especially, publishing with small literary presses, he or she is lucky to receive even a single review. What to do? Post, with friends' permission, their personal reactions to the new book. Smear these comments all over Facebook, Twitter, my blog. Try anything. Everything.
I was at a launch in Victoria recently where an author read in a T-shirt printed with his book cover image. Writers are making book trailers. I've read in an organic food market, with fruit flies buzzing around my head, and was damn glad to have the opportunity. Time to go where the people are—not just to libraries, and bookstores. It's the hour for new audiences, and new sales' strategies.
We try and we try. It's exhausting. Honestly, I feel that if this book doesn't make even a little stir—and frankly, earn me even a modicum of income—it might just be time to stop scribbling.
13.
Late-breaking: another job interview… tomorrow, the Liquor Barn, in Ladysmith. The shift is 3:00-11 pm, and I'd earn $10.25\hr. Maybe I can get the Home Depot job (6:00 am- 2:30 pm) and this one.
Later-breaking: the rabbit owner just emailed. Jupiter is a fixed male and four years old; Roxy is female and three years old. Jupiter is super sweet and friendly, while Roxy is a little more timid.
My friends, this is what my writing life has come to. It wasn't always like this.
Shelley lasted eight days at the Home Depot job. She continues to review books, and sells her own at the Ladysmith Farmers' Market in Ladysmith, BC on Tuesdays. ​ Her most recent book is I Wasn't Always Like This (Essays, Signature Editions). The Moon Watched It All (illustrated children's book) will be out in 2016 with Red Deer Press.
Enter here for a chance to win a copy of Shelley A. Leedahl's latest book, I Wasn't Always Like This
Image caption Joe Arpaio says the justice department is telling him "how to run my organisation"
The US Department of Justice has sued an Arizona sheriff accused of racially profiling Latinos, among other alleged civil rights violations.
The lawsuit alleges sloppy police work and a disregard for minority rights by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
US officials wanted the sheriff to agree to train his officers in how to perform duties such as traffic stops.
But Sheriff Arpaio, who denies the allegations, said the department's demands would nullify his authority.
The self-styled "toughest sherriff in the US", he shot to prominence by forcing prisoners to wear pink underwear.
Assistant US Attorney General Thomas Perez told a news conference on Thursday: "We have invariably been able to work collaboratively with law enforcement agencies to build better departments and safer communities."
He added that Sheriff Arpaio's Maricopa County office had been "a glaring exception".
In one case cited in the lawsuit, a sheriff's officer stopped a Latino woman - a US citizen who was five months pregnant - as she pulled into her driveway and insisted she sit on the hood of her car.
"When she refused, the officer grabbed her arms, pulled them behind her back, and slammed her, stomach first, into the vehicle three times," the suit said.
The woman failed to show she had motor insurance, but the matter was resolved when she provided such proof to a court, the lawsuit said.
In December, the justice department released a scathing report accusing his office of multiple offences, including punishing Hispanic jail inmates for speaking Spanish.
He previously apologised for his office's botching of sex-crime investigations, including child abuse allegations. When cases were reopened, 19 arrests were made.
Correspondents say Sheriff Arpaio appeared to be visibly angry at a news conference on Thursday.
"I am not going to surrender my office to the federal government. I will fight this to the bitter end."
On the eve of the lawsuit he said: "They're telling me how to run my organisation."
Maricopa County has also been under investigation for criminal abuse-of-power allegations since at least December 2009, an inquiry which has focused on the sheriff's anti-public corruption squad.
dockworkers have launched a fierce attack on industry bosses for trashing a proposed safety code just eight days after an employee was crushed to death on Melbourne's wharves.
Toll Shipping worker Anthony Attard, 42, was helping load cargo on board a vessel docked at the Port of Melbourne on May 20, when he was run over by a trailer. Paramedics rushed to the waterfront but could not revive him.
Died at work: Anthony Attard.
The father-of-three's death followed a recent run of accidents seriously injuring other waterside workers and sparked renewed calls for the tougher safety laws to be introduced.
''When I started, he told me, 'Have eyes at the back of your head, and keep a look out','' said Mr Attard's brother, James, who worked with him at the port. ''And he was one of the most careful guys there.
La situación era insoportable, en el sur la mayoría era explotada en las plantaciones de algodón y tabaco; mientras que en el norte se tenían que conformar con actividades manuales o de servicio. Pocos eran los que tenían la suerte de tener una jornada laboral bajo techo al servir a una familia blanca rica. Los más afortunados habían alcanzado la libertad del sistema esclavista, pero sólo se enfrentaban a una sociedad que los despreciaba y los linchaba si se atrevían a seguir los pasos de un hombre blanco.
A comienzos del siglo XIX, muchos afroamericanos consideraron que esta precaria situación no tendría una solución en Estados Unidos, la sociedad blanca siempre los consideraría como parte de una raza inferior que no se podía mezclar con el grupo elegido por la divinidad. Ante esta situación, comenzaron a organizar un viaje que los llevaría de regreso a África, la tierra de la cual fueron extraídos a la fuerza.
Se estableció la Sociedad Americana de Colonización y entre 1821 y 1847 alcanzó un gran éxito. Sus simpatizantes no sólo eran afroamericanos que buscaban una tierra donde pudieran encontrar la libertad, también tuvo el apoyo de muchos racistas blancos que soñaban con un Estados Unidos libre de la raza negra. Independientemente de las razones detrás del apoyo, la misión resultó en un éxito cuando se compró y conquistó un territorio en África, que a la larga sería conocido como Liberia.
Hasta 1980 Liberia estuvo bajo un protectorado estadounidense, durante to-do ese tiempo los descendientes de los primeros colonizadores estuvieron a cargo del país, cuestión que provocó constantes rivalidades con la población indígena. Estos grandes conflictos con el tiempo han resultado en dos terribles guerras civiles que han convertido al país en uno de los más pobres de todo el continente africano.
Ya sea por malas experiencias o para emprender una nueva aventura, hay momentos en los que deseamos salir del país para experimentar nuevas oportunidades. Sin embargo, este paso puede ser sumamente difícil, ya que sin ayuda nos podemos sentir perdidos. Creemos que podemos sufrir un destino similar al de Liberia si nos equivocamos en la elección de un nuevo país en donde trabajar. En la actualidad, por fortuna, existen nuevas plataformas que son de gran ayuda para iniciar una etapa similar a la de la Sociedad Americana de Colonización.
Teleport es una aplicación que te permite buscar los detalles básicos de más de cien ciudades alrededor del mundo. Esta información no sólo te ayudará a encontrar el nuevo lugar donde trabajarás, sino que también te enseñará cómo preparar y ejecutar el tan temido cambio.
La aplicación te mostrará tu opción ideal por medio de una serie de preguntas, que incluyen presupuesto, ingresos y preferencias de hogares. Los resultados te mostrarán los costos de vida, salarios y calidad de vida que más se adecuen a tus necesidades.
Puedes realizar una búsqueda personalizada a través de sus más de veinte preferencias, entre las que están: oferta de trabajo, seguridad, costos de vida, vivienda, tráfico, clima, idioma, población, seguridad, educación, etcétera.
Si toda esta información no es suficiente, Teleport te ofrece la opción de contratar a un ejecutivo que te ayude a encontrar tu trabajo ideal y te guíe en los procesos burocráticos y aduanales. Estos especialistas son expertos en la ciudad a la que pertenecen y te contactarán con los mejores servicios posibles.
Teleport es una plataforma ideal para elegir el próximo lugar en donde vivirás. Si todavía no estás seguro de tu cambio, puedes utilizar estas aplicaciones para mejorar tus viajes por el mundo.
***
Te puede interesar:
85 preguntas para cambiar tu vida en 2016
10 pasos para cambiar tus hábitos
Mother Jones' Kevin Drum completely destroys Fox News' attempts at claiming there is 70 million dollars of fraud being committed on our food stamp program known as SNAP.
Fox News' Abby Huntsman claimed that food stamp fraud is at an all-time high and asked, "...this year it's estimated $70 million dollars of taxpayer money was wasted on food stamp fraud. Is it time to end the program altogether?"
Her guests were New York City Councilman Joe Borelli and 2008 Clinton campaign adviser Jehmu Greene to discuss this issue.
If you can find the sourcing of this abuse, please let us know because their graphic says "2016 USDA." Is that code for Breitbart?
It's just like Fox News to promote a story about a government program they claim is wasting tax payer dollars and then call for it to be ended.
However, they never break down any of their numbers and go off on another conservative conspiracy to a program that helps millions of Americans.
I'd love to see Fox News do a story on all the billionaires and corporations that cheat the US government and the American people out of billions of dollars so they can relax in their villas.
Unfortunately, they are more interested in attacking people just trying to get a meal.
As Jehmu Greene explained how this programs helps children and the elderly to feed themselves, Huntsman comes back with more lies and says, "...but there has been a lot of abuse, a lot of people taking advantage of these programs. That is a problem here. who are these people, Joe?"
Councilman Joe admitted that only 1% of the SNAP program was lost to fraud, but then whined about how Republicans were castigated for wanting to cut the program in Congress.
Abby continued her assault on the abuse narrative and said, "You said earlier there are problems that exist, there is fraud taking place. Is there another solution?"
Kevin Drum did take a look at the numbers:
First, I have no idea where Fox's $70 million figure comes from—and I looked pretty hard for it. The Fox graphic attributes it to "2016 USDA," but as near as I can tell the USDA has no numbers for SNAP fraud more recent than 2011.
↓ Story continues below ↓
Yes, indeed.
But even if Fox News did provide the information to back up their claims that 70 million dollars was wasted on fraud, that's a mere bag of shells when you look at the entirety of the program.
But that's not all: $70 million is a startlingly low figure. In the most recent fiscal year, SNAP cost $71 billion, which means that fraud accounted for a minuscule 0.098 percent of the program budget. Even if this is an all-time high, the Fox high command can't believe this is anything but a spectacular bureaucratic success.
Please read Drum's entire piece.
Kevin wraps it up this way, "Bottom line: Yes, Fox is lying in any ordinary sense of the word. But they're also vastly understating the amount of SNAP fraud. Even when they're trying to deceive their audience, it turns out, they're also incompetent."
UPDATE: The Washington Post writes: Fox News wonders whether we should cancel food stamps because 0.09% of spending is fraudulent
Philip Bump says:
Issue 173 - January, 22nd 2015
News
Last week Backdrop CMS reached 1.0.0. Congratulations!
Another Drupal agency acqusition.
Articles
Dries Buytaert takes a look at what was accomplished by the Drupal community in 2014
Drupal 8
A nice tutorial from Web Omelette to get your feet wet extending Drupal 8 Views.
Larry Garfield writes about how Drupal 8 is outsourcing Open Source with projects from the broader PHP community.
Advomatic's Oliver Seldman shares info about the displays availible in Views in Drupal 8. including REST export display.
Tutorials
This is not the first nor will be the last launch checklist but it's pretty solid.
In part three of this Drupal Watchdog series Jeremy Rasmussen discusses installing and working with Drupal 8 using Drush.
Projects
"The Drupal 7 Auto Assign Role module allows you a lot of flexibility in deciding what roles users receive on your Drupal 7 website. If you have ever needed to allow a user to select their own role, or if you have ever needed to automatically assign a role to every user on your Drupal site. This is the module for you."
Releases
Podcasts
"In this episode Kyle Hofmeyer talks with the maintainers of the RESTful module, Mateu Aguiló Bosch and Amitai Burstein."
"Lullabot has a new monthly show, hosted by Matthew Tift, featuring in-depth interviews with open source and free software advocates."
Events
August 12th - 15th in Chicago at palantir.net. All sprint days. No sessions. Focus on getting Drupal 8 released (and some key contrib ports to Drupal 8).
Finally
I totally missed Drupal's birthday last week! Happy belated birthday Drupal.
It became the watchword for everything that was wrong with the drugs industry, and ushered in an era of tougher regulations. But despite the terrible legacy of thalidomide—the morning sickness pill that caused anywhere from 10,000 to 100,000 horrific birth deformities and deaths—it's still being prescribed to young women and their partners.
In the past year, three women in Europe became pregnant while they—or their partner—were taking thalidomide. Two of the pregnancies ended prematurely, and the third was allowed to go to term after ultrasound scans revealed no abnormalities. One of the women had an abortion, and the other—a young woman from Sweden—suffered a miscarriage.
Thalidomide causes a miscarriage in 90 per cent of cases.
Drug regulators fear that the 'off-label' use of the drug is responsible for these high-risk pregnancies. Although thalidomide has been approved as a treatment for multiple myeloma, a cancer of the blood that usually affects people over the age of 75, up to a quarter of prescriptions are being written
for off-label use—for conditions in which its safety and effectiveness have not been assessed.
The off-label conditions include Crohn's disease and lupus, diseases that are more likely to afflict younger people, and women in particular. Men who take the drug are also told to use contraceptives, as the chemical compounds that cause deformities can be transmitted in sperm.
Although a test for pregnancy and advice about contraception are supposed to be given with every thalidomide prescription to women of child-bearing age and their partners, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) fears that the protocols aren't always being followed. It claims that pharmacies and doctors in Spain, Denmark, the Netherlands and Sweden are especially guilty of failing to follow the pregnancy prevention programme, as it's known.
Relaxing the controls
Around 70 per cent of off-label prescribing is happening in the US, and controls there could soon become even looser. The US drug regulator, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), wants to lower its risk assessment as a way of reducing the cost of drugs. This could include the removal of pregnancy testing and advice for thalidomide patients, a process known as the REMS (risk evaluation and mitigation strategies) programme. The FDA's new commissioner, Scott Gottlieb, says that REMS has been used cynically by drug companies to stop competitors from releasing cheaper generic alternatives.
Thalidomide wasn't widely used in the US in the 1960s, and so patients and doctors may be less aware of its dangers, says Glenn Harrison, chair of the Campaign for the Prevention of Thalidomide Births in Europe (CPTBE). "Any weakening of the pregnancy prevention programme would put thousands of patients at risk of pregnancy while taking thalidomide. Americans are not generally aware of the extraordinary dangers that thalidomide poses to unborn children, and so they are less likely to take concerns over reducing the strengths of the REMS programmes seriously," he said.
The three European cases were also very concerning, he said. "We believe that more education is needed for patients taking thalidomide, as many are not aware of the scandal in the 1960s."
Skin deep
Thalidomide was first approved for use in the US in 1998 as a treatment for erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL), a painful skin condition that is often a complication of leprosy. The drug has been prescribed for ENL since 1965 in Brazil, where 33 cases of severely deformed babies were reported in the following decades; even with the introduction of tougher birth control requirements with every prescription, a further 100 cases were reported between 2005 and 2010.
Despite the restrictions on its use in the US during the 1960s—its manufacturer applied for a licence six times and was refused each time—some supplies were released for marketing and distribution tests. Even with this limited supply in the market, there were 17 children born in the US with deformities that had been caused by the drug.
Although the drug was taken off the market in the West in 1961 at the height of the birth deformities scandal, it was reintroduced in 2008 as a treatment for multiple myeloma, usually under the brand name Immunoprin. A thalidomide derivative was also approved for treating multiple myeloma this year in the UK. Pomalidomide, marketed as Imnovid, is a chemical analogue of thalidomide, which means it causes similar severe birth defects. Today, the drug is used in 48 countries.
Thalidomide's off-label uses include Crohn's disease, lupus, neurodermatitis, or itchy skin, and Behcet's disease, which can cause inflammation in blood vessels and organs. The most common off-label use is for treating systemic lupus erythematosus, or lupus, a chronic inflammatory disease that's more common in women.
The EMA, which reported on the recent thalidomide pregnancies, discovered that 2,118 thalidomide prescriptions were written in 2015, with the US responsible for around 70 per cent, followed by France and the UK. Although some countries reported that just 3.7 per cent of all thalidomide prescriptions were for off-label use, others were seeing 25 per cent of prescriptions written for conditions other than multiple myeloma, and the rate is rising.
Thalidomide changed the landscape of drug control and licensing. Although 10,000 cases of severe deformities were identified, estimates of the real damage caused ranged from 10,000 to 100,000 cases, and around half of the babies born with defects eventually died. Grumenthal, the German manufacturer of the drug, paid out DM 100 million to families, while in the UK, the drug's distributor, Distillers, handed across £20 million in compensation.
The scandal also triggered tougher drug regulation standards. In the US, the FDA started to demand stronger evidence of effectiveness and a more careful assessment of side-effects; in the UK, the Medicines Act was passed in 1968, which ushered in a new regulatory body
Not only . . . but also
Think thalidomide, and we think of catastrophic birth defects. But the drug can do much more damage still.
• It can cause 'excessive'—and life-threatening—blood clots, and can interfere with the formation of new blood cells, raising the risk of infection. It can also increase the risk of anemia and damage nerve cells, causing peripheral neuropathy, a problem that is invariably irreversible.
• It also interferes with the heart and raises the chances of a heart attack, high blood pressure, and changes in the heart's rhythm.
• It can damage the liver and cause severe skin reactions. It can stop menstruation.
• More commonly, in around 10 percent of all patients, it causes sleepiness, tremor, dizziness, tingling, numbness, constipation, confusion, depression, reduced coordination, heart failure, breathing difficulties, lung disease and inflammation, vomiting, dry mouth, rashes, dry skin, fever, weakness—and a general sense of feeling unwell.
The woman who said no
Frances Oldham Kelsey, a reviewer at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), on six occasions refused to authorize the use of thalidomide. She wouldn't accept evidence presented by the drug's distributor, Richardson-Merrell, and instead insisted on new tests.
Richardson-Merrell had acquired the rights to thalidomide after it had been dropped by pharmaceutical company Smith, Kline and French. SKF researchers failed to replicate the drug's supposed major benefit—of reducing anxiety and insomnia—in tests on mice in 1956.
President John F Kennedy awarded Kelsey the President's Award for Distinguished Civilian Service in 1962—one year after thalidomide was taken off markets across the West—and the FDA presented her with the first eponymous Kelsey Award for excellence in drug safety in 2010.
Thalidomide's days of damage
The severity of birth deformities depends on when in the pregnancy the mother started taking the drug.
Before day 20: miscarriage
On day 20: brain damage to the unborn child
On day 21: damage to the eyes
On day 22: damage to the ears and face
On day 24: damage to the arms
Up to day 28: damage to the legs
Thalidomide doesn't seem to cause any damage to the fetus if taken after the first 42 days of pregnancy.
07:56PM EDT - Sitting down, ready to go
08:01PM EDT - This is the last set of talks at Hot Chips. Starting with IBM, then Intel Xeon, AMD EPYC and Qualcomm Centriq
08:02PM EDT - We've covered Xeon, EPYC and Centriq in recent articles, and nothing new is being announced for the show for them except some minor things that we'll summarize in a news post
08:02PM EDT - But the IBM z14 will be interesting
08:02PM EDT - To clarify, the z series is IBM's mainframe product line
08:02PM EDT - So this isn't POWER8 or POWER9
08:04PM EDT - IBM's z-series has central processors and system control chips with integrated fabric and off-compute chip caches
08:05PM EDT - This is under a 'mainframe' setup, rather than a standard CPU/co-processor setup.
08:05PM EDT - Dr Christian Jacobi to the stage, Chief Architect
08:06PM EDT - z14 was technically announced a few weeks ago
08:06PM EDT - A lot of mainframes still exist
08:06PM EDT - Still used in large corporations for transactional data, e.g. credit card has a mainframe involved. 90% of airline booking systems involve mainframes
08:07PM EDT - Run large databases and large virtualised linux
08:07PM EDT - Have to make design decisions tailored for those workloads
08:07PM EDT - z10 was high frequency, z196 had OoO, z13 had SMT and now z14
08:08PM EDT - The mainframe uses two different chips - the CP (cores and shared L3) and SCP (large L4 and interconnect logic)
08:08PM EDT - Picture is a deep drawer with DRAM, PCIe, and six CP chips under cold plates and one SC (SCP)
08:08PM EDT - Two clusters of CP chips connect to the SC. Can connect four drawers together
08:09PM EDT - CP and SC are large chips, 17 layer metal in 14nm SOI
08:09PM EDT - 10 cores has private 2MB L2-i and 4MB L2-D and 128 MB shared L3
08:09PM EDT - SC chip has 672MB of L4 and coherency logic
08:10PM EDT - Up to 24 sockets int he system, 32 TB RAIM protected memory, 40 PCIe lane fanouts, 320 IO cards
08:10PM EDT - New translation and TLB design over z13, and general pipeline optimations. Changes in instruction set too
08:10PM EDT - Pauseless garbage collection for Java, single and quad vector precision for crypto
08:11PM EDT - Register to register arithmatic
08:11PM EDT - Optimizing for COBOL performance (........)
08:11PM EDT - E.g. gazillions of lines of COBOL in online booking systems
08:11PM EDT - Compression acceleration
08:11PM EDT - This is the pipeline diagram
08:12PM EDT - 5.2 GHz, super long pipeline
08:12PM EDT - 6 instruction parse and decode, CISC instruction cracking
08:12PM EDT - 4-cycle load/use
08:12PM EDT - Directory and TLB pipeline changes
08:13PM EDT - Most designs use logical indexed, absolute tagged directory
08:13PM EDT - Use of partial compare set-predict array reduces latency of data return from L1 cache - TLB and L1 directory access happen in parallel with L1 cache read
08:13PM EDT - (doesn't that sound like way-prediction?)
08:14PM EDT - Highly associative TLB is area and power inefficiency, to limit TLB L1 size
08:14PM EDT - Sorry, I misread the slide, This is how L1 cache looks today
08:14PM EDT - This new slide shows how IBM is using it in z14
08:15PM EDT - I-cache and D-cache is now logically tagged, combining TLB1 and cache directory into single structure
08:15PM EDT - Significant area and power reduction for L1 hit
08:15PM EDT - Now a super large L2 TLB
08:16PM EDT - L2 and TLB2 can be large - 2MB L2I and 4MB L2D, 6k entries TLB2 for 4KB pages
08:16PM EDT - 8 cycles L2 hit latency (that's only 1.5 ns) ...
08:17PM EDT - Now crypto
08:17PM EDT - Now redesigned for 4-7x bandwidth
08:17PM EDT - make it simple and fast enough to be able to encrypt all data
08:17PM EDT - combination of OS, firmware and hardware implementation
08:18PM EDT - Execute 2 AES in 3 cycles
08:18PM EDT - Copy up to 256B per instruction from D-cache to coprocessor
08:18PM EDT - can execute multiple AES at once, multiple engines on die
08:19PM EDT - 13.2GB/sec per core (so 132GB/s per CP, and about 1TB/s per 6-socket server)
08:19PM EDT - Use new instructions to feed crypto engine to avoid branches
08:19PM EDT - Avoid pipeline bubbles using new instructions
08:19PM EDT - Significant effort in prefetching as well
08:20PM EDT - New GCM instruction
08:20PM EDT - Algorithm that does encryption and signature authentication
08:20PM EDT - Implement use AES and GHASH engines
08:20PM EDT - the 2 engines used in concert rather than independently
08:21PM EDT - Now key protection - most CPUs work with keys in memory. CryptoExpress6S is a tamper responding PCIe crypto accelerator. Master key is in physically protected memroy on card
08:21PM EDT - 'Clear Key Cryptography'
08:22PM EDT - Root key access usually means can steal key through mem access or core dump. This method means that the key is protected by tamper protection
08:23PM EDT - Secure Key is another mode, which diverts all crypto off the CPU onto the card instead
08:23PM EDT - This way the application never sees the key, just sees the encrypted data
08:24PM EDT - Creates a key token from the data, which remains in tamper resistent memory, and when data is decrypted, key is thrown away and new key generated
08:24PM EDT - Data Compression Accelerator
08:24PM EDT - Dictionary based data compression
08:25PM EDT - Reduces bandwidth need between memroy and disks, increases efficiency, implemented as irmware and co-processor specialized hardware
08:25PM EDT - *firmware
08:25PM EDT - z14 performance at peak throughput and start up latency. Optimized compression status return to firmware
08:26PM EDT - Order-preserving compression: Allows data still be compared when compressed
08:26PM EDT - Allows compressed directory/tree structures to do comparisons between elements without decompression
08:27PM EDT - CP has 7b transistors, SC has 10b transistors
08:27PM EDT - water cooled
08:28PM EDT - of 240 CPUs in a full system, 170 can be customer configured
08:28PM EDT - +35% capacity, +10 single thread, +25% SMT2 perf over z13
08:29PM EDT - Now for Q&A
08:29PM EDT - Q: Please generate workstations. I want to swap out x86 with z14
08:29PM EDT - (at same price, insert laughs)
08:29PM EDT - Not a serious question
08:30PM EDT - Q: What power for the chips?
08:31PM EDT - A: You can get the chips to run at any power you need. Could go 400-500W on high workload. We aim around 300-350W. We don't bin - there's only one product and we stay within the drawer power
08:31PM EDT - The chips themselves are water cooled, but customers can run an aircooled system, or you can hook up datacenter water
08:32PM EDT - Q: Doesn't go over the PCI card cause extra latency
08:32PM EDT - A: Card only has the master key - the data has a key token, which doesn't need to keep going back and forth
08:32PM EDT - Q: Have you considered something like SGX?
08:33PM EDT - A: That's not an apples to apples comparison. We consider the tamper resistant element a key feature of our products.
08:34PM EDT - Q: But SGX prevents someone with a logic analyzer going in
08:34PM EDT - A: Our solution does not need recoding - our customers use older software and it is transparent
08:34PM EDT - Q: What would you do to make COBOL run faster?
08:35PM EDT - A: COBOL does a lot of time doing BCD arithmetic, but there's traditional issue queue limitations, so we use packed BCD compute to reduce that bottleneck
08:36PM EDT - Q: What did +35% capacity and +25% SMT2 mean
08:37PM EDT - A: +35% is instructions for a whole system. The +10% single thread is a large scale number for benchmarks on capacity planning. +25% SMT2 from tuning and tweaking in our implementation due to maturity
08:37PM EDT - That seems to be a wrap. This is our last live blog on Hot Chips - I'll be writing up some of these talks on my flight home tomorrow. Hope you enjoyed them :)
Mayor Bill de Blasio on Thursday denounced an effort by an off-shoot of the 9/11 truth movement to force the city to investigate the collapse of 7 World Trade Center during the terrorist attack 13 years ago.
"From what I've heard it's absolutely ridiculous," a peeved Mr. de Blasio said in response to a reporter's question. "And it's inappropriate, after all the suffering that went on 9/11 and since. It seems to be this is a very insensitive and inappropriate action."
The so-called High Rise Safety Initiative, a group of 9/11 conspiracy theorists who reject the government's explanations for the collapse of 1, 2 and 7 World Trade Center, recently submitted tens of thousands of petition signatures to force a question onto the November ballot, as reported by Crain's. They hope to give voters the chance to compel the city to investigate the collapse of 7 WTC, which they consider to be suspicious.
The ballot initiative would have to be confirmed by the City Council first, and Mr. de Blasio said Thursday that it was his hope the council would reject the measure.
"I believe the City Council will share our view that this should never be on the ballot," he said, with Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito nodding in agreement beside him.
In 2009, the city successfully challenged in court an attempt to include a referendum on the ballot calling for an investigation into 7 WTC's collapse. But even if the council rejects this latest effort, the High Rise Safety Initiative could still put its question to voters by collecting enough signatures.
Mount Mitchell State Park Celebrates Centennial Anniversary August 27-28
It's an extraordinary event 100 years in the making.
Mount Mitchell State Park will host its Centennial Celebration August 27-28 with a full weekend of activities starting on Saturday, Aug. 27 with heritage demonstrations, arts and crafts vendors, live music on stage at the summit parking area, and presentations by authors, historians and state park interpretive staff.
Sunday will feature environmental and recreational activities with an educational focus and will include guided hikes and interpretive programs.
When Mount Mitchell State Park began operations in Yancey County in 1916, it was the first state park designated in North Carolina. The celebration on Mount Mitchell is part of a year-long recognition and appreciation of North Carolina's state parks with special events scheduled in every park.
Photo by ExploreBurnsville.com
Because parking space is very limited for this event, there will be free shuttle service from Asheville to Mount Mitchell on Saturday. In Asheville, buses will pick up and drop off at First Baptist Church at 5 Oak Street. Buses depart Asheville at 9 a.m., 9:30 a.m.,12 p.m. and 12:30 p.m. Return buses leave Mount Mitchell at 1:30 p.m., 1:45 p.m., 4 p.m. and 5 p.m.
There will also be free shuttle service departing from locations in Black Mountain, Burnsville and Marion. Buses and vans will run on Saturday only. See the bottom of this article for more information on bus schedules and locations.
Heritage demonstrations on Saturday include woodworking, basketry and spinning. Entertainment will feature traditional mountain music, modern bluegrass and mountain dancing.
Performers include Nitrograss, Broke Holler (Pete and Kim McWhirter), dulcimer player Don Pedi, Mountain Laurel Band, and the Bailey Mountain Cloggers from Mars Hill University, who will dance at 10:45 a.m. Saturday morning. There will be live music on stage throughout the afternoon.
Arts and crafts vendors will sell handmade wooden items, pottery, minerals, jellies, baskets and more. There will also be interpretive displays as well as informational booths on hiking and camping in Western North Carolina.
Photo courtesy of ExploreBunrsville.com
Yancey County artist and woodcarver David Boone will unveil two new sculptures he's created: one of Dr. Mitchell, and one of Big Tom Wilson. The 18-inch carvings are made from a wooden beam that came out of Big Tom's cabin.
Boone's lifesize carving of Big Tom has been a popular feature in the park museum for many years. It was Big Tom who found Dr. Mitchell's body after he fell to his death in a waterfall on the western side of the mountain.
Dr. Mitchell's watch, stopped forever at 8:19 on the evening of June 27, 1857 will also be on display at the park that weekend.
Boone will present his new sculptures around 11:15 a.m. on Saturday. Dignitaries and speakers for the event include NC Poet Laureate Shelby Stephenson, who will read his new poem about Mount Mitchell.
Dr. Timothy Silver, a professor at Appalachian State University and author of Mount Mitchell and the Black Mountains: An Environmental History of the Highest Peaks in Eastern America will deliver a presentation on his research and work documenting Mount Mitchell (1 p.m.).
Jonathan Bennett and David Biddix will discuss their 2015 book of historical images of Mount Mitchell, and present a slideshow of pictures (10 a.m. and 3:30 p.m.).
State Park Ranger Billy Drakeford will discuss the life, and untimely death, of Dr. Elisha Mitchell (12 p.m. and 2:30 p.m.).
As part of the celebration, Yancey County commissioned artist Rolf Holmquist to create a new commemorative print for the centennial event. Holmquist will be at the park on Saturday to sign numbered copies of his illustration.
The restaurant in the park will be closed on Saturday, but will be open on Sunday. Two local food trucks will be serving at the summit parking area on Saturday. Free shuttle service will also be available inside the park.
To read more details about this event, visit the Mount Mitchell State Park's Centennial Celebration website. For more information and pictures of Mount Mitchell, visit ExploreBurnsville.com and look for the Mount Mitchell links.
Photo courtesy of ExploreBurnsville.com
SHUTTLE LOCATIONS:
All shuttle vans and buses are free.
In Asheville, buses will pick up and drop off at First Baptist Church at 5 Oak Street. Buses depart Asheville at 9 a.m., 9:30 a.m., 12 p.m. and 12:30 p.m. Return buses leave Mount Mitchell at 1:30 p.m., 1:45 p.m., 4 p.m. and 5 p.m.
In Black Mountain, buses will pick up and drop off at Bi-Lo Grocery, 205 NC Highway 9. Bus departs Black Mountain at 9:30 a.m. Return bus leaves Mount Mitchell at 3:45 p.m.
In Burnsville, vans will pick up and drop off passengers at Rose's Store parking lot in the Yancey Commons Shopping Center, 120 Reservoir Road. There will be another pickup location at South Toe Elementary School on Highway 80 South. 14-passenger vans will run every 30 minutes between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m.
In Marion, buses will pick up and drop off at Bi-Lo Grocery, 500 North Main Street. Buses depart Marion at 9 a.m. and 12 p.m. Return buses leave Mount Mitchell at 1:30 p.m. and 4 p.m.
Pacers forward Paul George dribbles past Raptors guard DeMar DeRozan (10) in game one of the first round of the 2016 NBA Playoffs at Air Canada Centre. (Photo: John E. Sokolowski-USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights Pacers at Raptors, 7 p.m. Monday, FSI, NBA
TORONTO – The spotlight is shining now, and Paul George has gone looking for it. He believes superstardom is his destiny, and he knows an ascending moment when he sees one.
And he sees one in these 2016 NBA playoffs.
He also saw one a few months ago in this same Air Canada Centre, site of the 2016 NBA All-Star Game, where Paul George scored 41 points, one shy of Wilt Chamberlain's record from 1962.
“Basically,” Pelicans forward Anthony Davis said that night, “he was showing guys that he's back to rare form.”
Basically, I'm telling you today, that's by design. Aside from his astounding talent, the biggest thing about Paul George is his ego – which can be such a great thing. At times, sure, the ego drives you nuts. He sees the game as a series of opportunities to elevate his brand, like the way he seeks out only opposing stars for postgame handshakes, and that can be off-putting.
But that ego fuels games like Saturday, when George absolutely destroyed the Toronto Raptors in Game 1 of their first-round series. He scored 33 points and hounded Raptors star DeMar DeRozan into a miserable offensive game. That, too, was by design. In 2008, DeRozan was the superstar recruit from Compton, Calif., the No. 6 player in the country. That same year, 65 miles to the north, George was a little-known kid out of Palmdale – rated No. 292.
Back then, Paul George said Sunday, DeMar DeRozan was the star he wanted to be.
Now George has set his sights higher. He's not naming names, but you can guess who they are. When people talk about the greatest basketball players in the world, he wants to be in the conversation.
“I always wanted to be the best,” he was telling me Sunday. “A lot of guys have different motivations. My motivation has been being elite in this league.”
This is the time to do it, and it's the time he's so often done it. He hasn't been perfect in the postseason – hey, even LeBron James shrank in the 2011 NBA Finals – but this is the time of year when Paul George has written the legend of Paul George.
It started his rookie year, when he was a role player averaging 7.8 points per game until Pacers coach Frank Vogel decided to give him a new role: stop Derrick Rose. That was the year Rose won the MVP. That was the playoffs. This is what George did: limited Rose to 4-for-18 shooting in Game 3, then 6-of-22 shooting in Game 4. The Bulls won that series in five games, but George had proved a point – to himself.
“I was put into that fire my rookie year, having to guard Derrick Rose,” George says. “You learn a lot. You do it at the biggest stage, that goes along with your career.”
It has. The 2013 Eastern Conference finals provided that memorable King James coronation, when George and James dueled in the third quarter of Game 2. George scored nine points in the final 6½ minutes, with a 3-point play with 5.1 seconds left; James scored 11 points in the quarter and buried a 25-footer at the buzzer. After LeBron hit that 3 in his face, George started walking to the Pacers bench when LeBron called out, “Hey, Paul.” And extended his hand to slap palms.
LeBron knew.
The moments mounted. In the 2014 playoffs, George averaged 23.9 ppg and 10.7 rebounds against the Hawks – and posted 39 and 12 in Game 4 in Atlanta to help the Pacers reclaim home-court advantage. In the 2014 conference finals, against the Heat one more time, George averaged 24 points and poured in 37 with six steals to help the Pacers stave off elimination in Game 5.
Then the broken leg. The 2016 All-Star Game reminder that Paul George is back. And now Game 1 against the Raptors.
“Defensively we held them long enough,” Raptors coach Dwane Casey said after the game, “and then all at once Paul George gets going.”
By design. George sees the spotlight and moves toward it, which is what I was telling him Sunday when he started to nod.
“It's natural,” he was saying. “Some guys like pressure, some guys like being in the spotlight.”
You love it, I said.
"I love it. I love it,” he said. “It's a make-or-break thing for me. … This is where you make your mark. This is where you showcase it. This is where you put yourself in that category of being one of the top guys in this league, and some guys want it. Some guys don't.”
George has always wanted it.
“He has since he's been here,” Pacers President Larry Bird was telling me Sunday. “He's always wanted his own team, wanted to be the guy.
When David (West) was here, (George) always knew where he fit in. Not that he wasn't our best player, but he knew that David was the guy and set the tone, and Roy (Hibbert) set the tone on the defensive end. He waited, but when Paul's time came, he felt that everything should go through him.”
And it does. It damns sure did Sunday, when George struggled before making the unusual move at halftime to find a quiet spot alone in the locker room to study film of the first half. George scored 17 points in the third quarter and then completely took over the fourth, scoring 10 and handing out four assists as the Pacers ran the same play – starring Paul George – because the Raptors couldn't do anything about it.
“Last night the second half he played as well as anybody I've seen in a long time,” Bird said. “You always have guys score a lot of points, but you notice the fourth quarter he was laying the ball off for dunks and easy baskets. And he was still guarding. He was guarding people. He was playing with poise and a purpose.”
He was playing like this is his team and this is his time. And for the first time in his career, it is both.
Behold. Paul George has decided to be the best player in this series. And he wants to know if the Raptors can do anything about it.
Find IndyStar columnist Gregg Doyel on Twitter at @GreggDoyelStar or at www.facebook.com/gregg.doyel.
Pacers vs. Raptors
Pacers lead best-of-seven series 1-0
Pacers at Raptors, 7 p.m. Monday, FSI, NBA
ISLAMABAD: The creation of Bangladesh is one of the most sensitive and tragic chapters in the history of Pakistan. While the trauma of partition may now be behind us, stories of 1971 still raise hackles among anyone who lived through that era.
While there are two, very forceful narratives on what exactly happened, history is unequivocal. Perhaps this is why journalists who lived through the painful partition of Pakistan are best placed to recall and ruminate on the mistakes that were made in that fateful year.
On March 23, 1971, the flag of Bangladesh was put up in East Pakistan. At the time, Ali Ahmed Khan was a journalist in Dhaka.
“I worked for a progressive Urdu weekly, Jareeda, which promoted the rights of East Pakistan and consistently campaigned for the restoration of democracy under military rule,” he says, with a sense of fondness.
But as the memories take a turn for the grim, his eyes cloud over.
“It was the night of March 25. From my own home, in a predominantly Urdu-speaking part of Dhaka, all we could hear was gunfire,” he says. From the direction of the slums where most working-class Bengalis lived, he saw flames leaping upwards.
“Smoke filled the air and the sky turned red, this is what I remember of Operation Searchlight,” he recalls.
“Ours was a divided family; some lived in East Pakistan and some in the west. In East Pakistan, my family home was in the town of Dinajpur. After the operation, the country erupted into a violent reaction as the liberation movement was launched and many Urdu-speaking families were attacked. I heard from people coming into Dhaka that the town had seen some terrible violence.”
Cilocia Zaidi's abandoned family home in Pabna city, Bangladesh, is part of a law college today.
“I boarded a train and rushed to my family. I remember walking into the garden and smelling the pineapples my parents had fondly planted. The home was all but destroyed. Our things were strewn about everywhere; my father's books, my brother's records and albums...the house had been looted,” he says, gritting his teeth.
“The neighbours told me my mother had gone to stay with my sister in Parbatipur, and my father and brother were missing, but no one would give me any details. But they were all dead,” he says, with a sense of finality.
Now, 43 years after the bloodshed, as he speaks to us from his idyllic home in Abbottabad, Mr Khan appears to have made peace with his traumatic past. He even laughs as he says, “It was inevitable. When the Awami League swept the 1970 elections and the assembly was not called to session, what else could have happened,” he posits.
He is clear in his convictions. For him, the bloody separation was caused by the actions of those in the west.
“Admiral Mohammad Ahsan, the last governor of East Pakistan, recalls that when Yahya Khan came to talk to Sheikh Mujibur Rehman, he asked the admiral ‘What are these six points',” he recalls.
“The admiral offered to send for the document, but Yahya refused, saying ‘No, no, I'll manage'. This shows there was a lack of seriousness to engage with the people of East Pakistan.”
He says that some in his family have ostracised him for supporting the creation of Bangladesh and the Bengalis' right to self determination.
“What happened to me on a personal level was painful, but it was inevitable. When a force denies people their basic rights such a reaction was to be expected.
Cilocia Zaidi was only 10 years old when Dhaka fell, but, “What we saw as children left us with scars that can never be healed. We don't like to talk about it because it's too painful to recall. But not talking about it doesn't change what happened,” she says.
Ali Ahmed Khan shares his memories of Dhaka. — Photo by Tanveer Shahzad
Now a journalist based in Islamabad, Ms Zaidi witnessed first-hand some of the worst violence that came to pass in 1971. “I remember our Hindu dhobi (laundry man) had a beautiful daughter. One day, she sat outside our gates, sobbing inconsolably. The gate was guarded by army men, who would not let her in. When we asked our mother why the girl was crying, she said nothing. Today, I know what happened to her and to countless others like her,” she says.
She recalls the day Sheikh Mujib gave his final call to the Bengali people and asked them to fight for their liberation.
“From the window of my house, I saw people emerging from every corner, holding makeshift weapons. I saw our milkman, an elderly man, walking with a spear in his hand. After that, it was sheer chaos,” she says.
“The resentment was against the army operation, not necessarily against Pakistan. After all, Bengal too was Pakistan, it was the land of the Muslim League's birth,” she said.
“Bengalis are a proud people; proud of their culture and their language. But West Pakistanis always looked down on Bengalis and were very racist towards them. This is what sowed the seed of resentment.”
Ms Zaidi's father, Capt Asghar Hussain Zaidi, had been a member of parliament and a part of Ayub Khan's cabinet. Although he was Bengali, his support for a united Pakistan made him a target for the Mukti Bahini.
“They (Mukti Bahini) were people we called brothers or uncles. We were a vibrant family with a variety of political affiliations. My grandfather and uncles were Awami Leaguers and became part of the liberation movement.”
But when the trouble began, her grandfather wisely suggested that the family relocate to the village.
“I remember walking through the vast riverbed with thousands of ordinary villagers, just walking out of the city. That's when the helicopters began firing at everyone. I remember asking my mother why our army was shooting at us, and she said that from their viewpoint, they could not see who was innocent,” she says, the emotional strain showing as her eyes begin to glisten.
Published in Dawn December 16th , 2014
BRUSSELS, Dec 9 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister David Cameron demanded safeguards on Thursday to prevent more power going to new European Union financial watchdogs as a condition for backing any change to the EU's basic law, according to a document seen by Reuters.
Germany is leading a drive to change the European Union's Lisbon Treaty to enshrine a new system of budget controls aimed at tackling the euro zone debt crisis. But it needs the backing of Britain's reluctant government if it wants to involve all 27 EU countries in any change to the bloc's law.
At a meeting of EU leaders to decide how to tackle the debt crisis and pursue that amendment of the EU's fundamental law, Britain presented a list of concessions it would like in return for supporting such a move.
Cameron wants additional safeguards that would stop the EU's three financial watchdogs in charge of banking, insurance and markets from overruling country authorities.
“National supervisors should remain responsible for the day-to-day supervision of individual firms,” the document said in a reference to Britain's desire to maintain its authority over the City of London financial district.
He believes this is needed to stop an EU watchdog such as the European Banking Authority ordering the recapitalisation of a British bank.
“This would stop Europe being able to impose additional costs on the British taxpayer,” said one diplomat familiar with the British position.
The demands fall short of a full “opt-out” on new financial regulation that some officials had expected Cameron would seek.
Britain also wants to secure the permanent location of the European Banking Authority (EBA) in London, Europe's top centre for financial services.
Cameron is furthermore seeking a pledge from the EU to address the current rule of the European Central Bank that euro-denominated transactions be cleared within the euro zone. Britain wants it to be possible to clear such deals in London.
Finally, Britain wants to allow member countries the flexibility to beef up EU rules if they wish.
Relations between London and Brussels have grown strained as the European Union drafts new laws to tighten rules for banking and finance in the wake of the global financial crisis. London, Europe's financial capital, has the most to lose.
London is currently locked in dispute with Brussels about a new capital regime for banks, where Britain wants the flexibility to impose even stricter standards on its lenders.
Download Tax Freedom Day 2016 (PDF)
Key Findings
This year, Tax Freedom Day falls on April 24, or 114 days into the year (excluding Leap Day).
Americans will pay $3.3 trillion in federal taxes and $1.6 trillion in state and local taxes, for a total bill of almost $5.0 trillion, or 31 percent of the nation's income.
Tax Freedom Day is one day earlier than last year, due to slightly lower federal tax collections as a proportion of the economy.
Americans will collectively spend more on taxes in 2016 than they will on food, clothing, and housing combined.
If you include annual federal borrowing, which represents future taxes owed, Tax Freedom Day would occur 16 days later, on May 10.
Tax Freedom Day is a significant date for taxpayers and lawmakers because it represents how long Americans as a whole have to work in order to pay the nation's tax burden.
What Is Tax Freedom Day?
Tax Freedom Day® is the day when the nation as a whole has earned enough money to pay its total tax bill for the year. Tax Freedom Day takes all federal, state, and local taxes and divides them by the nation's income. In 2016, Americans will pay $3.34 trillion in federal taxes and $1.64 trillion in state and local taxes, for a total tax bill of $4.99 trillion, or 31 percent of national income. This year, Tax Freedom Day falls on April 24th, or 114 days into the year (excluding Leap Day).
What Taxes Do We Pay?
This year, Americans will work the longest to pay federal, state, and local individual income taxes (46 days). Payroll taxes will take 26 days to pay, followed by sales and excise taxes (15 days), corporate income taxes (nine days), and property taxes (11 days). The remaining seven days are spent paying estate and inheritance taxes, customs duties, and other taxes.
Why Is Tax Freedom Day Earlier This Year?
Tax Freedom Day is one day earlier than last year. This is due mainly to slightly lower projected federal tax collections, as a share of the U.S. economy. While federal individual income tax revenues are expected to rise as a share of the economy, federal corporate, payroll, and excise tax revenues are projected to fall.
When Is Tax Freedom Day if You Include Federal Borrowing?
Since 2002, federal expenses have surpassed federal revenues, with the budget deficit exceeding $1 trillion annually from 2009 to 2012. In calendar year 2016, the deficit will grow significantly, from $592 billion to $698 billion. If we include this annual federal borrowing, which represents future taxes owed, Tax Freedom Day would occur on May 10, 16 days later. The latest ever deficit-inclusive Tax Freedom Day occurred during World War II on May 25, 1945.
When Is My State's Tax Freedom Day?
The total tax burden borne by residents of different states varies considerably due to differing state tax policies and the progressivity of the federal tax system. This means a combination of higher-income and higher-tax states celebrate Tax Freedom Day later: Connecticut (May 21), New Jersey (May 12), and New York (May 11). Residents of Mississippi will bear the lowest average tax burden in 2016, with Tax Freedom Day arriving for them on April 5. Also early are Tennessee (April 6) and Louisiana (April 7).
How Has Tax Freedom Day Changed over Time?
The latest ever Tax Freedom Day was May 1, 2000; in that year, Americans paid 33 percent of their total income in taxes. A century earlier, in 1900, Americans paid only 5.9 percent of their income in taxes, meaning that Tax Freedom Day came on January 22.
Methodology
In the denominator, we count every dollar that is officially part of net national income according to the Department of Commerce's Bureau of Economic Analysis. In the numerator, we count every payment to the government that is officially considered a tax. Taxes at all levels of government—federal, state, and local—are included in the calculation. In calculating Tax Freedom Day for each state, we look at taxes borne by residents of that state, whether paid to the federal government, their own state or local governments, or governments of other states. Where possible, we allocate tax burdens to each taxpayer's state of residence. Leap days are excluded, to allow comparison across years, and any fraction of a day is rounded up to the next calendar day.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — The Indiana Supreme Court's Disciplinary Commission has suspended former Marion County Prosecutor Carl Brizzi from practicing law for 30 days.
The move comes after a complaint was filed last May saying the Republican prosecutor from 2003 to 2010 participated in a questionable real estate deal and intervened in a criminal case involving the client of a friend and business partner. The commission handed down the order Wednesday. It says "intervention of this nature was highly unusual."
Brizzi has denied doing anything wrong. The Indianapolis Star reports (http://indy.st/2oh67E1 ) that he now has his own practice in Fishers. His suspension will begin May 1. His license to practice law will be reinstated at the end of May.
The court previously disciplined Brizzi in 2012 for making prejudicial comments against several defendants.
___
Information from: The Indianapolis Star, http://www.indystar.com
Data compilation
Data on EAS richness were obtained from databases for eight taxonomic groups (amphibians, ants, birds, mammals, vascular plants, reptiles and spiders). The data on amphibians, reptiles and spiders and fishes in some regions were compiled specifically for this study. For all taxonomic groups, only EAS outside their native ranges have been considered.
Data on alien vascular plants were obtained from the Global Naturalized Alien Flora database version 1.1, a recently compiled database of 13,168 plant species (including hybrids and subspecies)12. The data consist of lists of established alien plant species in 843 geopolitical regions, largely conforming to countries, states, provinces and counties within countries, as well as islands and archipelagos. Data on established alien ants were obtained from the Global Ant Biodiversity Informatics project database, which consists of geographical records of species' presences (accessible through antmaps.org)15. Only species records representing establishment in the wild (not in glasshouses or buildings, for example) were included, amounting to 4,061 records for 237 species in total. Data on established alien bird species were obtained from the Global Avian Invasions Atlas34, which is a comprehensive global database of 971 alien bird species with 27,723 introduction records at a 1° grid-cell resolution. Data on 445 established alien mammal species were obtained from a geographically complete mammal database (Alien Mammal Data v1.0), which contains records of established alien mammal species in global administrative areas (GADM; www.gadm.org). Data on 81 established alien amphibian and 203 established alien reptile species were compiled from multiple sources into a database, the Global Alien Amphibians and Reptiles Database, by C. Capinha, F.E. and H.S. specifically for this study, and merged with a separate database compiled by P.G.-D. Data on 454 established alien freshwater fish species (including migratory species with marine life-stages, a total of 2,968 records) were taken from the FishBase database14 (accessed 13 October 2015), and supplemented for the United States with the US Geological Survey's Nonindigenous Aquatic Species database (compiled by P.F.), Canada (compiled by N.E.M), multiple sources for Mexico35, Argentinian, Chilean, Australian, New Zealand36,37 and South African provinces (compiled by E.G.-B.)38,39, Japan40 and Brazil41. Finally, 2,138 records on 207 established alien spider species were compiled from a comprehensive literature search by W.N., including the World Spider Catalog16 as a major source, and literature available therein.
Because the data for the different taxonomic groups came from different sources and were originally collected at different spatial resolutions, we harmonized all datasets to fit within the Biodiversity Information standards (TDWG) geographic system17. This hierarchical system includes as the finest spatial resolution (level 4) a layer of 609 regions, mostly comprising countries, states and provinces of larger countries, and major island groups. Species records for each taxonomic group were assigned to TDWG level-4 regions, and the total number of EAS per taxonomic group within each region was calculated. Global data coverage was highest for birds and mammals (both have all 609 regions), followed by vascular plants (449 regions, 82% of global ice-free terrestrial area), ants (402 regions, 64% of area), freshwater fishes (363 regions, 70% of area), spiders (348 regions, 66% of area) and, lastly, amphibians and reptiles (311 and 310 regions, 48% and 47% of area, respectively).
Estimating sampling effort
Variation in sampling of EAS among regions can bias the perceived global patterns in alien species richness. However, data directly measuring the degree of sampling effort of EAS recorded in each region are not available. To account for this potential bias, we instead estimated sampling effort for native species of five taxonomic groups: amphibians, ants, birds, mammals and vascular plants. For amphibians, birds and mammals, we obtained global data at a 12,321 km2 (~1°) grid-cell resolution, comprising the percentage completeness of native species inventories for these groups based on occurrence records mobilized through the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF)18. For vascular plants, we obtained data19 at the same resolution comprising the percentage completeness of species records in GBIF, as assessed through comparison with independent estimates of native vascular plant richness. For ants, we used region estimates of the percentage of native ant genera missing from records in the Global Ant Biodiversity Informatics project database (these estimates were obtained from models predicting ant diversity and endemicity, and region completeness was calculated as 100% minus the percentage of missing genera)20. We then calculated the average completeness across grid cells for each TDWG level-4 region large enough to overlie most of at least one grid cell (534 regions in total: completeness could not be calculated for 64 islands and 11 mainland regions). An average completeness value across the five taxonomic groups was then calculated per region, and used in subsequent analyses of cross-taxon alien richness (see below; Supplementary Fig. 1). When a taxonomic group had native completeness data available, this was used in the single-taxon analyses (see below). Correlations between completeness values for individual taxonomic groups are all significantly positive (Supplementary Table 4), and because vertebrates, invertebrates and vascular plants are included, we are confident that the average completeness across these groups is broadly representative of the missing three taxonomic groups.
Our use of native species inventories as a proxy for sampling effort of EAS recording assumes that there is a linear positive relationship between sampling efforts of alien and of native species. However, the completeness measures are based on data sources that also include records of alien species, and we have no reason to believe that addition of EAS records will differ spatially in a fundamentally different way from native species records. By focusing our sampling effort estimates on native species, we ensure greater statistical independence between the estimates of EAS richness and sampling effort. In addition, completeness of regional inventories and recording of EAS could be driven by ultimately the same factors, such as human history, socioeconomy and culture. So we may expect certain regions not only to have more resources channelled towards creating a more complete recording of native species, but also to be introducing and recording more alien species.
Cross-taxon established alien richness
Species-richness values per region varied greatly among taxonomic groups (Fig. 1), making direct calculation of mean cross-taxon alien richness non-informative. Therefore, alien richness was converted to a relative richness scale, ranging from 0 to 1, for each taxonomic group, calculated as the regional species richness divided by the maximum richness for a given taxonomic group. The cross-taxon EAS richness for each region was then calculated as the mean of relative richness values across taxonomic groups. The number of taxonomic groups with data available per region ranged from two (46 regions) to the maximum of eight (145 regions), with most regions (503) having four or more taxonomic groups.
As EAS richness of regions may depend on their area and the level of sampling effort in recording alien species, we also calculated a richness value correcting for these effects. This was achieved by fitting a linear model of ln(cross-taxon EAS richness) as a function of ln[area (km2)], interacting with the sampling effort estimate (both variables were centred on their means and scaled to their standard deviations). The interaction was included, as an effect of area may be more detectable for regions with greater sampling effort. Indeed, the interaction term was significant and positive (estimate [± standard error, SE] = 0.102 [0.030], F 1,536 = 11.548, P < 0.001), as were the effects of area (estimate [± SE] = 0.156 [0.033], F 1,536 = 15.582, P < 0.001) and sampling effort (estimate [± SE] = 0.178 [0.025], F 1,536 = 53.888, P < 0.001) alone. This model explained 13% of variation in cross-taxon alien species richness, and a model that explicitly included the number of taxonomic groups as a weighting yielded very similar results. No regions with zero species across taxonomic groups were included owing to a lack of data on sampling effort. The residuals from the non-weighted model were then extracted and used as area- and sampling-effort-corrected, cross-taxon EAS richness for mapping and identifying hotspot regions.
Potential drivers of EAS richness
We explored the ability of several variables to explain variation in cross-taxon EAS richness and richness of individual taxonomic groups. We calculated GDPpc (in US$) for each TDWG level 4 region as the average of estimated values in 1 km2 grid cells, using estimates derived from night-time light from ref. 42. Population density in the year 2000 was calculated in a similar manner from 1 km2 grid-cell values obtained from the Global Rural Urban Mapping Project (GRUMP; http://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/set/grump-v1-population-density). Mean annual temperature and mean annual precipitation were downloaded at 1 minute resolution from WORLDCLIM (www.worldclim.org; mean annual temperature BIO1, and mean annual precipitation BIO12 from the bioclim variables), and averages were calculated for each TDWG level-4 region. Area (km2) was calculated as geodesic area excluding permanent ice-sheets, and each region was classified as being island (including archipelagoes) or mainland (part of a continental landmass; Greenland was coded as an island, Australia was treated as a continental landmass). Distance to mainland was calculated as the geodesic distance to the next continental landmass43. Mainland regions were further categorized as being coastal (that is, bordering seas and/or oceans, not including the Caspian Sea) or landlocked.
Analyses
To assess the correlates of cross-taxon EAS richness patterns across all regions, we used linear mixed models using the R package ‘nlme'44 (ln-transformed, to satisfy assumptions of normality of residuals and variance homogeneity) as a function of the following fixed effects: area, sampling effort (average percentage native species completeness), and area interacting with sampling effort, gross domestic product per capita (GDPpc), population density, mean annual temperature, mean annual precipitation, and whether a region was a mainland or island region. Area, GDPpc and population density were ln-transformed, and mean annual precipitation was square-root-transformed to linearize relationships with alien richness. We included the TDWG level-2 subcontinental regions, nested within TDWG continents, as random effects (random intercepts only). We also used the same model as above to model ln-transformed cross-taxon EAS richness for mainland and island regions separately, replacing the mainland-island status with, respectively, a binary variable describing mainland regions as landlocked or coastal, and with distance to the nearest continental landmass (km, square-root-transformed) for island regions. We inspected Akaike's Information Criterion corrected for small sample size (AICc) for all full models, and all models nested within them, to identify the set of models within 6 AICc units of the lowest-AIC model that best explain cross-taxon EAS richness for all regions, and for mainland and island regions separately (Supplementary Table 3). The lowest-AICc models explaining richness across all regions, and for mainland and island regions only, were selected for inference, and marginal R2 (accounting for fixed effects) and conditional R2 (accounting for fixed and random effects) were calculated.
For individual taxonomic groups, we also ran linear mixed models as above to explain EAS richness (ln[number of species + 1] transformation). Owing to insufficient data on sampling effort for several taxa in island regions, we restricted these analyses to mainland regions. Sampling effort for individual taxonomic groups and its interaction with area were included for amphibians, ants, birds, mammals and vascular plants. Sampling effort and its interaction with area were not included in models explaining fish, reptile and spider alien richness because data on native species inventory completeness were not available for these taxonomic groups. Information on model comparisons for individual taxon richness is summarized in Supplementary Table 5.
For all selected models, we checked for spatial autocorrelation of the residuals by constructing correlograms of Moran's I in relation to increasing distance (0 to 15,000 km) between centroids of neighbouring regions. This was achieved using the ‘spline.correlog' function in the R package ‘ncf'45. To assess significance of spatial autocorrelation, a 95% confidence interval about Moran's I was constructed from 500 bootstrapped randomizations of the regions' residuals from the models. For models explaining cross-taxon EAS richness, there was a significant but only small amount of autocorrelation (Moran's I ≤ 0.19) when all regions or only mainland regions were considered, and only at very short distances between regions (<500 km; Supplementary Fig. 2). For individual taxonomic groups, models showed a significant but small amount of autocorrelation at very short distances for only amphibians (Moran's I ≤ 0.33, distance ≤650 km), birds (Moran's I ≤ 0.23, distance ≤150 km), and freshwater fishes (Moran's I ≤ 0.30, distance ≤750 km) (Supplementary Fig. 3).
Congruence in EAS richness among taxonomic groups
The strength of correlation in EAS richness between taxonomic groups was assessed by calculating Spearman correlation coefficients for every combination of pairs of taxonomic groups, using the actual species richness for each taxonomic group. The resulting number of regions used per pairwise correlation is shown in Supplementary Table 6. All analyses were conducted in R version 3.2.346.
Data availability
The dataset analysed in this study is available in Zenodo data repository, https://zenodo.org/record/556393#.WPjH08a1s2w.
“That is huge,” said Andrea Parker, whose husband, Eric, was photographed pointing a rifle at officers and others during the confrontation. The image became a symbol of the standoff. “The government did everything they could to stack and get guilty charges,” she continued. “I might actually get to hug my husband for the first time in 18 months.”
The decision is only one chapter in the best-known land use case in the contemporary West. For years, officials had ordered Mr. Bundy to remove his cattle from a publicly owned desert expanse near Bunkerville, Nev., northeast of Las Vegas. When he did not, the authorities moved in to do it themselves, but allies of Mr. Bundy traveled from around the country to stop them.
Many people came with pistols and rifles, some came on horseback flying American flags. When the government backed down on April 12, 2014, a segment of rural Westerners long angered by restrictions on federal land — as well as perceived abuses by federal law enforcement officials — hailed it as a victory.
The court decision on Tuesday sets the stage for Mr. Bundy's trial, which will take place in the coming weeks. He has been jailed since early 2016, along with four of his sons: Ryan, Ammon, Mel and Dave. (Ryan and Ammon will be tried with Mr. Bundy; Mel and Dave will be tried at a later date.)
Mr. Parker, Mr. Drexler, Mr. Lovelien and Mr. Stewart were charged with conspiracy, extortion, assault, threats, obstruction of justice and weapons counts. They sat for a first trial in February, but the jury deadlocked, requiring a do over.
Tesla launched in South Korea earlier this year despite being at a disadvantage against other electric vehicles. Tesla buyers don't have access to the very generous electric vehicle incentive of up to 26 million won (~$23,000) offered by the government.
Now they have announced that they are removing the restriction that made Tesla's vehicles ineligible.
The reason for the ineligibility is pretty ridiculous for anyone familiar with long-range electric vehicles. For an EV to be eligible forthe incentive, the electric car needs to be able to fully charge in under 10 hours using a standard outlet.
It unfairly gives an advantage to vehicles with small battery packs and shorter ranges. Vehicles with larger packs and longer ranges, like Tesla's, can charge in under 10 hours, but by using level 2 chargers – not a standard outlet. Other EV incentive schemes, like California's ZEV mandate, include charging speed restrictions, but they are nowhere near as restrictive as this Korean scheme.
South Korea's The Investor is now reporting that the Ministry of Environment announced this week the imminent abolishment of the so-called “10-hour charging rule” – making Tesla's vehicles eligible.
The government instead announced the implementation of a much more reasonable threshold of supporting 32 amp level 2 charging and 100 amp DC fast-charging. That way, the charging rules actually incentivize decent charging standards instead of simply discouraging buying EVs with larger battery packs.
The only problem for Tesla is the new rule is apparently only going into effect in September, which could result in buyers holding off on buying Tesla vehicles for the next month or so.
Last year, Tesla secured a partnership with the Shinsegae Group to deploy charging stations and open a store at their new Starfield Hanam mall.
It was supposed to open in December 2016, but they were waiting on government certification, which they obtained in February and it officially opened in March.
Company officials have referred to South Korea has “an important market” for them in the past.
I don't own Harry Potter. This one-shot contains content from 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,' which does belong to J.K. Rowling.
I may not have the time to expand any of these vignettes into full stories, but I invite anyone else to give them a shot. So long as you credit me for the idea, any and all of these one-shots are officially up for adoption.
The Tragedy at King's Cross
"Tell me one last thing," said Harry. "Is this real? Or has this been happening in my head?"
Dumbledore beamed at him, and his voice sounded loud and strong in Harry's ears even though the bright mist was descending again, obscuring his figure.
"Of course it is happening in your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it's not real?"
In that instant the bright mist flickered, as Harry stood stock still.
"Wait, what?"
The mist receded on a frowning Dumbledore. "What's that, my boy?"
"If this is both real and in my head, then… how are you here? I'm here because this is my mind. That thing" (Harry pointed at the miniature Voldemort in disgust) "is the horcrux in my scar. But why are you here? How are you here?"
Dumbledore's features flashed with a kind of severity, then resumed their customary twinkle. "Harry, you forget that not even death can overcome the magics of love. You bore me in your heart, just as you bore James, Lily, Remus, and Sirius. And just as you summoned their spirits in your need for comfort before your sacrifice, so too did you summon me."
Harry nodded reflexively, and the mist descended again. But then his eyes narrowed in thought, "But that was the Resurrection Stone! It took a Deathly Hallow to summon my parents. How could I call you without it in hand?"
Again, the mist receded, and Dumbledore took on a disappointed demeanor. "Harry, my boy, this is the Old Magic of sacrificial love. Can you not accept its mystery without indulging your need for explanation?"
Harry bowed his head contritely. But in a flash his mind broke free, running the trail of logic with winged feet.
Dumbledore said this was all in his head, but in the same breath called it real. Dumbledore had died. Yet somehow Dumbledore was really present inside his head. Dumbledore implied it had to do with the Stone, but Harry had used that to summon his parents, and they had disappeared when he dropped it in the forest. Dumbledore didn't want to give him specifics. And frankly, the realization that Dumbledore was inside his head was… actually quite a bit creepy.
He glanced up at the beatific face of his old Headmaster. "Sir, before I return, I'd still like to know."
Dumbledore sighed and removed his half-moon glasses. Rubbing them with a handkerchief he somehow conjured, he began.
"Harry, what you see around you is commonly called a mindscape. When you studied occlumency with Professor Snape, he told you to clear your mind – that is, tamp down on your emotions and stray thoughts in order to access this very place. Now, this place does not merely represent your mind. As you can see by the presence of the horcrux from your scar, it also reflects your soul."
Dumbledore smiled, though Harry found himself increasingly uncomfortable with the look in the Headmaster's eyes. "Now, this is where it gets interesting. As you know, I was struck with a rather fatal curse when I took the ring horcrux from the Gaunt house. But I had a year before it would take my life, a year to prepare myself, and on top of that I possessed both the Wand and the Stone. It took me some time, but I found a way."
Out of nowhere a bludgeoning hex hit Harry in the diaphragm. He collapsed breathlessly, as Dumbledore stood triumphantly before him. "Yes, Harry, you were on the right track. If this is your soul-scape, then there's no way I should be here unless my soul were here as well."
Shackles flew and attached themselves to Harry's wrists and ankles. "Tom was a fool. He attached his horcrux to the ring, not the Stone. But I, using the Elder Wand, anchored my soul to the Stone itself, which could then summon my entire soul after my death on the Astronomy Tower. Then I merely added a trigger to the flesh memory on the snitch, and it was the easiest thing in the world for me to enter and take control of your soul-scape."
He looked down at his sputtering and helpless host. "Of course, it would have been far more difficult to subdue you had your mindscape not been already prepared for me. You can thank Severus for that – really, how did you not realize that the entire purpose of the occlumency lessons was to give Severus a chance to wreck havoc upon this place?"
He leaned down to look Harry in the eyes. "Of course, my boy, you still have your destiny to fulfill. So you must return to defeat Tom, and then we'll finish this tete-a-tete?"
He rose to his full height, wand in hand. "Obliviate!"
The bright mist was descending again…
Author's Note(s): While the line "why on earth should that mean it's not real" was intended as a oblique reference to the after-life, it still struck me as a rather odd expression. Then I wondered what it would mean if it were true, and Dumbledore's spirit was somehow possessing Harry.
I was also struck by the oddity of the Resurrection Stone. Assuming everything that Harry learned in canon were true, how would a real mother react if her son was in that situation? Your son has been made into a martyr and is even now walking to his death. "I'm proud of you" doesn't seem to cut it.
So: Dumbledore made a horcrux out of the Resurrection Stone, possessed Harry (presenting the memories of James, Lily, Sirius, and Remus to draw him in, just as the locket horcrux presented Harry/Hermione to draw in Ron), faded to the background so he could defeat Voldemort, then gradually took over (like the diary that drained Ginny). And nineteen years later, a Harry with twinkling green eyes would send his son Albus Severus to Hogwarts.
Depressing, no?
Actually, I had quite a hard time deciding how to finish this one-shot. I was initially inclined to expand it, to make it a Battle Royal for Harry's soul to parallel the Last Battle going on in the real world. But then I realized that canon!Harry wouldn't stand a chance against Dumbledore. My instinct was for a happy ending, but then I realized that Harry would need a LOT more prep time before he would have a chance of winning, which would require a more complete AU. So, at least for the one-shot, a tragic ending suffices.
QUOTE REQUEST: Check the website in order to find out the correct product name and code, then click the button below to ADD products to your quote Add I read and accept the legal note (fields marked with * are mandatory)
reserved to companies/professionals owner of a VAT number: (caterers, chefs, restaurants, cookery schools, etc.). This section is(caterers, chefs, restaurants, cookery schools, etc.). The form you can see has been made to help you while requesting a quote.
Price can be 14% to 50% off, if compared with price that you see on the website.
Italbees di Giorgio Barbero
Via Pigafetta 61, 10129 Torino (TO), Italy
info@italianfoodjoy.de
Asking for a quote
You can compose your request searching products into the website looking in the “Shop window” and in the “Archive” then completing the form.
You will receive a complete answer and quote within 3/4 working days.
You will know if products are available, their price, the shipping costs and further instruction to complete your order.
Foods are shipped directly from the producers (based in different parts of Italy).
Order management: if you decide to buy from 2 or more companies you will receive 2 or more different quotes and you will purchase closing 2 or more different orders.
Payment conditions: payment made through paypal directly to the producers.
Shipping costs: they may change depending on the quantity/kind of food.
Quote Example
quantity 2 code “Hamper PA02-A” > will be considered 2 entire hampers
quantity 3 code “Product SA01-J “ > will be considered 3 unit of this item (product)
Regarding single spare product only included in hampers, just ask for them in the NOTE space at the end of the form.
For the duration of the Syrian proxy war, Israel has been a key player in the destabilization of the Syrian state. From providing medical support to directly arming the rebels, Israel's dirty role in supporting the opposition has been clear for all to see for years now. Despite these efforts to force regime change in Damascus however, the Syrian government still stands, with the Syrian army increasingly gaining the advantage in the conflict. Considering this, it comes as no surprise that many in Israel (and in other parts of the world) are getting more and more desperate with the lack of regime change, and are now advocating for more radical steps to be taken.
One such individual who is pushing for a more hawkish approach is the Israeli Housing and Construction Minister (who also happens to be a retired IDF general), Yoav Galant, who recently called for the Syrian President, Bashar al-Assad, to be assassinated. Speaking at an event in Jerusalem on the 16th of May, Galant said that “the time has come to assassinate Assad,” with his remarks coming a day after the US State Department accused the Syrian government of torturing and killing detainees on mass, then using a crematorium to burn the remains. As the Times of Israel reported in an article titled, Israeli minister: ‘The time has come' to kill Bashar Assad:
‘“The reality of the situation in Syria is that they are executing people, using directed chemical attacks against them, and the latest extreme — burning their corpses, something we haven't seen in 70 years,” Galant said, in a reference to the Holocaust. The minister said Assad's actions in Syria amount to nothing less than a “genocide,” with “hundreds of thousands killed.”
“In my view, we are crossing a red line. And in my view, the time has come to assassinate Assad. It's as simple as that,” said Galant, who previously served as the head of the IDF's Southern Command. Galant likened the assassination of Assad to cutting off the “tail of the snake.” After that, he said, “we can focus on the head, which is in Tehran.”'
As noted above, Galant's call for violence came a day after the US State Department tried to equate the Syrian government to the Nazi regime. On the 15th of May, Stuart Jones, the Acting Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs, gave a special briefing to reporters. After going through the usual State Department talking points – the Syrian ‘regime' using “barrel bombs” etc. – Jones moves on to accuse the Syrian government of “extrajudicial killings” and then trying to hide the extent of the carnage by burning the victims' bodies:
“Moreover, the regime has also authorized the extrajudicial killings of thousands of detainees using mass hangings at the Saydnaya military prison. Saydnaya is a 45-minute drive outside of Damascus and is one of Syria's largest and most secure prison complexes… The regime holds as many as 70 prisoners in Saydnaya in cells that have a five-person capacity. And according to multiple sources, the regime is responsible for killing as many as 50 detainees per day at Saydnaya. Credible sources have believed that many of the bodies have been disposed in mass graves.”
Jones continues:
“We now believe that the Syrian regime has installed a crematorium in the Saydnaya prison complex which could dispose of detainees' remains with little evidence. Beginning in 2013, the Syrian regime modified a building within the Saydnaya complex to support what we believe is a crematorium, as shown in the photos that we have distributed to you. Although the regime's many atrocities are well documented, we believe that the building of a crematorium is an effort to cover up the extent of mass murders taking place in Saydnaya prison.”
The language Jones uses clearly evokes the horrors of the holocaust and is an attempt to draw parallels between Hitler and Assad, as Jones uses terms such as “mass graves” and claims that the Syrian government is burning bodies. Victims of the genocidal Nazi regime were inhumanely dumped in mass graves, with the Nazis also building crematoriums at concentration camps – including atAuschwitz – to burn the bodies of victims. The use of mass graves and the burning of bodies was part of a clandestine Nazi operation to cover up the extent of the mass killings they had engaged in, with the operation known as Sonderaktion 1005 or Aktion 1005.
A revealing indication as to the credibility of Jones' grand accusations can be ascertained if we once again look at the language that he uses. Note that Jones repeatedly uses the word “believe” when accusing the Syrian authorities of mass killings: “we believe” this,“we believe” that. He does not say “we know,” or “we have confirmed,” or “we have irrefutable proof.” This use of indefinite language can be seen in the supporting ‘evidence' that the US released and which was promulgated by the mainstream media, as Tony Cartalucci notes in his article titled: US Revives Discredited Syria “Slaughterhouse” Story.
In an article by the Washington Post, the paper reports that the State Department released a few satellite photos of the prison complex, with one showing an L-shaped building labelled “probable crematorium.” Again, “probable” is hardly definitive language, with the satellite images merely showing a few buildings, revealing nothing concrete at all. The only other ‘evidence' the State Department uses to try and prop-up this weak narrative is a few reports from the London-based Amnesty International concerning human rights abuses at the prison.
More Propaganda?
Considering the amount of disinformation and propaganda emanating from the West and its regional allies about the Syrian ‘regime,' the latest accusation of mass killings and the burning of corpses appears to be just the latest instalment of deceptive nonsense. Syria has denied these allegations, with an official from the Syrian Foreign and Expatriates Ministry telling the Syrian Arab News Agency that the US accusations were “a new Hollywood story” that is dissociated from reality and “fundamentally untrue.” For years, we have heard tales of the abhorrent atrocities committed by Assad's forces, yet concrete evidence is often elusive or contradictory.
In April 2013 for instance, Israel accused the Syrian government of repeatedly using chemical weapons the previous month, including in a district of Aleppo on the 19th of March. Also in April 2013, the UK accused the Syrian government of using chemical weapons in previous months, with the British Prime Minister at the time, David Cameron, claiming that there was “limited but growing evidence” that Syrian troops used sarin, adding that “this is a war crime.”
Yet in May 2013, the Commissioner of the UN's Independent International Commission of Inquiry for Syria (which was set up in 2011 to investigate human rights abuses in the Syrian proxy war, and which had been investigating the use of chemical weapons in 2013), Carla Del Ponte, said in an interview that there was evidence which suggested that the rebels, not the Syrian army, used chemical weapons:
“During our investigation for crimes against humanity and war crimes, we collected some witness testimony that [appeared to confirm] that some chemical weapons were used – in particular nerve gas. What appeared to our investigation was that it was used by the opponents, the rebels, and we have no indication at all that the Syrian government have used chemical weapons. Of course, now, the special commission will investigate and tell us what it is exactly. But I was a little stupefied that the first indication we got [was] about the use of nerve gas by the opposition.”
So, despite the UK and Israel pushing the narrative that the Syrian government was responsible for war crimes in 2013, the UN's investigation completely contradicted the accusations made by Israel and Britain.
Undoubtedly there are casualties in any war, and the Syrian government has been fighting against foreign-backed extremists for years now. However, the perennial list of genocidal and demonic atrocities that the Syrian government has been accused of is nothing more than regime change propaganda created by the enemies of Syria, with this latest accusation appearing to be the most recent example of this.
Galant seized on the State Department's accusations to call for Assad's assassination, a scenario that would only embolden ISIS and other terrorist forces. Galant should spend more time reading history books than making belligerent and stupid comments, as the assassination of a prominent political figure in 1914 sparked a war that caused devastation on a scale previously unseen before in the history of the human race.
Steven MacMillan is an independent writer, researcher, geopolitical analyst and editor of The Analyst Report, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”.
American scientists have just created the first living artificially constructed life forms, engineered with the purpose of passing down an expanded genetic code to future generations.
The breakthrough is being heralded as a leap towards a new host of life forms whose cells will carry synthetic DNA that is completely different to the normal genetic code of natural organisms.
DNA is the building block of life, setting out our diversity in a code of four letters: G, T, C and A. From the moment the first living organism burst into being, to the world of today billions of years later, this code has dictated the diversity of creatures roaming the planet. The latest discovery, however, has introduced two new letters into the mix: X and Y.
These letters join the others as the molecules or bases that pair up in the DNA helix, and fly in the face of the common understanding that the molecules of life that constitute DNA are sacrosanct.
The researchers responsible claim that the organisms they create that carry the brand-new DNA code could be engineered to churn out new drugs that otherwise could never have been made. The synthetic coding in cells could allow scientists to manufacture proteins that don't currently exist in nature, leading to a new wave of protein based medicine.
Floyd Romesberg led the team that crated this ground-breaking organism at the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California. He started by inserting a loop of genetic material that combined normal DNA with two synthetic DNA bases into the E coli bug. This synthetic DNA formed a third base pair, X-Y, which can now be used to make genes – the templates cells use for proteins.
Critically, Rosemberg's team discovered that when the E coli divided it passed on both the natural and synthetic DNA to the next generation, and the next generation of bacteria did the same.
"What we have now, for the first time, is an organism that stably harbours a third base pair, and it is utterly different to the natural ones," Romesberg told the Guardian. It's a discovery that shakes our understanding of life by the scruff of the neck, challenging the preconception that DNA is somehow inalterable.
Synthetic biology, however, is a controversial topic. You don't have to have read Brave New World to understand concerns over the moral questions surrounding the issue of meddling with life's building blocks. Plus there are not-so-palatable fears that engineering artificial life forms that could eventually launch a cataclysmic environmental disaster.
What do you think of the breakthrough? Is it a step towards utopia or dystopia? Let us know in our poll or the comment section below.
When considering a name for the pitch he rescued from extinction, Los Angeles Angels reliever Robert Coello at first settled on its historic label: a forkball, jammed deep between his index and middle fingers and released, amazingly, with next to no spin, like a knuckleball. Such an incredible pitch, of course, deserves a far greater name, so Coello has settled on the three-letter acronym that ballplayers blurt when he unleashes it.
"The WTF," Coello said. "Catchers call it that. Hitters say it."
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Any other reaction would not do justice to this freakish marriage of grip-fiddling, arm speed and inexplicable physics. Baseballs are capable of miraculous feats: sizzling on a line at 100 mph, dive-bombing when held along the seams, jutting a foot in 10 feet. Now, as the 28-year-old Coello is showing, one need not grip a ball using finely manicured fingernails to make it dance like Beyonce, a thing of beauty going in whichever direction nature desires.
The WTF is not the gyroball. It does not exist in theory. It is not some trick pitch, either, held differently than all the others. Plenty of pitchers around baseball use some sort of split-fingered fastball grip – the split-change, favored by Tim Lincecum and Ubaldo Jimenez, is the most popular – and some even jam it deep between their fingers like the right-handed Coello. The difference comes when they throw it.
[Related: Angels' Mike Trout in duel with Miguel Cabrera in another magical season]
Whereas other pitchers impart backspin on their splitters and the traditional forkball from masters such as old-style fireman Elroy Face had a tumbling effect, a la curveball, Coello's finds a happy medium: When he throws it right, it doesn't spin at all.
Story continues
Physicist Alan Nathan, a professor at the University of Illinois who studies baseball and has a particular interest in the knuckleball, hadn't ever seen a pitch like Coello's. His preliminary theory on the pitch: His thumb on the underside of the ball exerts backspin, counteracting the tumbling effect his top fingers put on the ball and balancing the torque so perfectly that the pitch has a knuckleball effect with superior speed (around 80 mph).
"A lot of people like to classify pitches by how they're gripped or released as opposed to what they do," Nathan said. "It's a matter of taste, but whatever you call it, this pitch does look like a knuckleball.
"Maybe he's discovered a new way to throw a knuckleball-type pitch."
The discovery first came more than a decade ago at Lake Region High in Eagle Lake, Fla. Coello and his friends always were messing around with knuckleballs. No matter how hard he tried, Coello couldn't throw one. So he tried different grips until he found the forkball and its mystical spin.
One problem: Coello wasn't a pitcher. He caught in high school, at junior college and with Cincinnati, which drafted him in the 20th round of the 2004 draft. The Angels acquired him in 2007 with a better idea: Let the 6-foot-5, 250-pound Coello put his big arm to better use.
"When they converted me to a pitcher in 2007, they wanted me to stick to fastball, curveball, changeup," Coello said. "And I said, 'Well, I have something else.'"
The WTF always was a work in progress. The first one he threw in rookie ball hit the batter. His coaches thought it was a 12-to-6 curveball. While he kept honing the WTF, Coello's big fastball got him to the major leagues with Boston in 2010. He bounced to the Chicago Cubs, Toronto Blue Jays and back to the Angels this offseason.
Over 18 2/3 innings at Triple-A to start the season, he struck out 29, and the Angels' bullpen mess prompted his arrival. Since then, he has been dominant: 10 1/3 innings, six hits, one walk, 18 strikeouts and a litany of confused hitters who can't touch the WTF, umpires who call it a ball when it crosses the middle of the plate, catchers who get bruised by it and technology that cannot keep up with it.
It's true: The algorithm for PITCHf/x, the camera system that captures every pitch thrown, cannot classify the WTF. While Baseball Info Solutions says Coello has thrown it 13.9 percent of the time this season, PITCHf/x has him throwing changeups, curveballs, forkballs and cutters, unsure of what is what.
"When the air flows over the seams, funny things happen and the ball breaks," Nathan said. "I would say that it is something still of an open question as to why the knuckleball is so unpredictable in how it moves. If the ball is thrown with very little spin, it's not going to be terribly predictable by anybody – the pitcher, the catcher, the batter and scientists."
Coello has become a big enough part of the Angels' plans that they're going to lengths to accommodate the WTF. In the bullpen, they've started breaking in the oversized catcher's mitt teams use for knuckleball pitchers. After getting plunked too many times, Angels catchers want at least some margin for error.
"When it's on, it has no rotation at all," Angels catcher Hank Conger said. "And the thing comes in hot."
More than ever, Coello is starting to feel comfortable controlling the pitch. Early in his career, it was too wild. The Cubs didn't give him a big-league shot. An ulnar-nerve injury cut short his time with Toronto. Coello understands he never will command it, the WTF's whims too flighty for that. When he warms up, he'll throw a few in the bullpen, and if they look good, he stops, knowing that if he puts it near the strike zone the pitch will do what it does.
"When you have the right feel and finish, you kind of have an idea," Coello said. "There are other times when I just don't know."
On such nights, Coello can stand back like everybody else marveling at this pitch and utter the only appropriate thing: What the ... well, you know.
Related coverage on Yahoo! Sports:
• Photos: MLB commemorates Memorial Day
• Matt Kemp flies terminally ill fan to Los Angeles
• David Wright delivers when young fan asks for home run
• Broadcaster's 'dead soldier' comment on Memorial Day ill-timed
“The Engine Of American Inequality”: The Consequences Of A Free Wheeling, Unchecked Financial Industry
The past three decades have been a period of explosive growth for Wall Street and the financial industry. Meanwhile, a tiny slice of the population has claimed an ever-bigger share of this country's economic rewards. The highest-earning one percent of Americans collected roughly 20 percent of total income last year; the top .01 percent – not enough people to fill a football stadium – had 5.5 percent of the income.
Could there be a connection here? Could our booming financial sector, which now generates an astonishing 30 percent of all corporate profits (more than double the figure of thirty years ago), help explain America's rapid ascent to the highest level of economic inequality since the eve of the Great Depression, and the highest of any of the world's rich nations? A growing number of economists and other authorities think the first trend may have more than a little something to do with the second.
The economic and political establishments long ago settled on a theory of rising inequality: technology and globalization, they told us, were carving a rift through the American labor force between those with and without the right kind of education and know-how. This idea was criticized from the start for ignoring a formidable corporate campaign to rewrite the rules of the U.S. economy at workers' expense, and over time it has increasingly failed to account for the reality of who is getting ahead and who is falling behind.
In his 1991 book “The Work of Nations,” former (then future) Labor Secretary Robert Reich embraced a version of the “skills-gap” story. But in his recent film “Inequality for All,” Reich has more to say about discrepancies of power than of skill.
The longer this trend continues, in fact, the more it resembles the Occupy Movement's picture of a soaring 1 percent and a lagging 99 percent. Out of every dollar of income growth between 1976 and 2007, the richest one percent of U.S. households collected 58 cents; and after taking a big hit in the financial crisis, they were soon back on track, capturing an extraordinary 95 percent of all the income gains between 2009 and 2012. To put it more plainly, since the beginning of the current economic “recovery,” the top 1 percent (who make upwards of $400,000 a year in household income) are pretty much the only ones who have recovered.
Within that small subset of Americans, executives, traders, fund managers and others associated with the financial sector loom large, comprising about a seventh of the one-percenters and accounting for about one fourth of their income gains over the past thirty-plus years. That's not counting the many lawyers and consultants with financial sector clientele, or the growing number of executives of nonfinancial companies who seem to make most of their money these days through stock options and short-term financial plays. Together, corporate executives and financial sector employees account for well over half the post-1980 income growth of the top 1 percent and more than two-thirds of the even more remarkable gains of the top 0.1 percent.
Pinpointing the causes of an economic trend is a hard business. But there is global as well as historical evidence for a link between financial sector expansion and rising inequality. Studies of rich and relatively poor nations alike suggest that inequality goes up when societies tie their fortunes to a free-wheeling financial industry and the easy flow of global capital. There is also substantial research to suggest that much of the financial sector's recent growth has come by extracting wealth from other areas of the economy, not by spurring innovation and opportunity for the society at large.
Several recent studies trace the industry's pay-and-profit surge mostly to its success in the political and regulatory arenas. See, for example, this paper by Thomas Philippon and Ariell Reshef of New York University and the University of Virginia, who attribute between 30 and 50 percent of the financial sector's recent gains to economic “rents.” That's basically a polite way of describing the ability of many of today's financial heavyweights to use their market clout, their inside knowledge and various explicit and implicit taxpayer subsidies to make money out of thin air.
Banking and finance were not always a road to fabulous riches in this country. As recently as the early 1980s – and throughout much of the 20th century – there was almost no pay differential between financial and non-financial professionals. Today, by contrast, financial workers make about 1.83 times as much as other white-collar workers. You'd have to go back to the Roaring Twenties, at the tail end of America's original Gilded Age, to find another period when financial sector incomes and profits reached such conspicuous heights. That should tell us something.
In any case, these are pivotal questions for the country – and unavoidable questions for those seeking a path toward what President Obama has been calling a “middle-out” rather than a top-down economy. Broad prosperity, the president says, calls for greater public investment in education, infrastructure and other long-term needs, and for higher taxes on the wealthy to help pay for such things. That may be a worthy agenda. It has certainly proved to be a politically difficult agenda. But in a country that has let its financial sector become an engine of inequality, more will be required.
If we believe in our founding ideal of America as a land where children should start off on roughly the same footing regardless of history or ancestry, we will all have to screw up our courage and refocus on (among other challenges) the unfinished work of making sure we have a financial economy that serves the real economy, not the other way around.
By: Jim Lardner, U. S. News and World Report, October 11, 2013
Mozilla has officially released Thunderbird 31.0, an email and RSS client, for all the available platforms, and the developers have actually made a number of improvements to the application.
The first version has been released in the Thunderbird 31.x branch, but unlike some of the previous updates, this one actually brings something interesting. It's been a while since Thunderbird received any real improvements, but that's not exactly Mozilla's fault.
The company announced a while ago that it was no longer actively developing the software. They would only push important security updates, but the implementation of actual features has been left to the community, which didn't do a great job so far. In fact, it's been a very long time since any real work has been done on the client.
The advent of the Internet browsers and the increased functionality provided by services like Gmail, Yahoo, and Outlook has made this type of client almost redundant. There are some alternatives out there, at least on the Linux platform, but it looks like Mozilla Thunderbird is just dragging its feet.
The Thunderbird client now also shares the same version number with Firefox 31, which was launched today as well. For a while, the two projects used different version numbers, but for now they are on the same level. It won't be too long before Thunderbird is trailing behind the Firefox project.
According to the changelog, a number of CSS variables have been fixed, opening a message, feed, or newsgroup message in a tab no longer results in an empty transparent tab, users can now see the text beside the icons of the quickfilter bar when using a dark theme, the correct value is now used for the domain length in readFromXML, the “Open containing folder” contextual action has been implemented for messages in search results, and the Mail Compact function no longer exhausts disk space and stays full until it receives the response to “unable to compact mail folders.”
Also, the Address Book quick search no longer fails on occasion, a fix has been implemented to handle the slow responding feed favicons, double-clicking in a blank space no longer opens the Advanced Property Editor, hovering over a separated toolbar button no longer hides the separator, the Australis titlebar styling is now used, and Ubuntu One Support has been removed from Thunderbird.
More details about this release can be found in the official changelog. Don't forget to check out our review of the RSS function of Thunderbird.
Download Mozilla Thunderbird 31.0 for Windows
Download Mozilla Thunderbird 31.0 for macOS
Danny Ings has not played a competitive game since October due to injury. Andrew Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images
Liverpool have rejected approaches from eight Premier League clubs for striker Danny Ings within the last month and will continue to do so prior to the end of the transfer window, a source close to the Reds has told ESPN FC.
Ings is returning to full fitness after a lengthy spell on the sidelines as a result of an ACL injury he suffered in October, but has yet to make an appearance for the Reds so far this term.
Despite his lack of game time, Ings remains firmly part of Jurgen Klopp's first-team plans for the 2016-17 season.
A source told ESPN FC that Liverpool have rejected interest from eight domestic rivals, who enquired about the availability of the England international on a permanent and temporary basis but were told that Ings would be staying put at Anfield.
One club even indicated that they would be willing to pay in excess of £20 million for Ings, the source added.
Ings has only played for the under-23 side so far this season and on Saturday was warming up at White Hart Lane with the substitutes despite not being named as part of the 18-man matchday squad.
However, Klopp has maintained throughout the summer that the 24-year-old will play a part in this campaign.
"We're counting on Ingsy. He is a fantastic boy," Klopp said earlier this month. "He was injured since October last year and he needed time. Now he's getting better and better."
Ings joined Liverpool in summer of 2015 as a free agent but Liverpool had to pay his former club Burnley £6.5m upfront and £1.5m in performance-related bonuses after a tribunal in April.
HBO has released a new behind the scenes video titled, “Inside Game of Thrones: A Story in Cloth (HBO).” The video features an interview with Michele Clapton, who's the costume designer for Game of Thrones. Michele talks about her journey till now and how she uses costumes to tell a story. The video shows us sketches of the costumes for some of the characters and also includes some behind the scenes footage from the upcoming season.
Take a look at the video below:
The video is pretty interesting as we get a close-up look at some of the costumes and scenes which features characters such as Cersei Lannister, Jaime Lannister, Jon Snow, Arya, Sansa, Davos Seaworth, Lyanna Mormont and many more. We take a look at some of the intersting parts from the video.
A close-up of Cersei Lannister's badass shoulderpads.
This is an interesting scene as Jon Snow is standing at a place where there's only greenery and a sea in the background. It's quiet possible that he's standing on an island and we know who else is going to land on an island in season 7.
We have seen Daenerys and her new throne at Dragonstone before. In this scene, we get a closer look at her throne.
In the trailer for season 7, we had seen Cersei's giagantic version of Google Maps for Westeros. The map was incomplete in the trailer and we can see the artist working on the reamaining portion of the map in the video.
Sophie Turner seems to be having fun, while throwing snow balls at someone. This seems more of a behind the scenes clip rather than a clip from the show, but it feels good to see the Starks having some fun.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau seems to be casually hanging around on the sets as he doesn't seem to be wearing his costume.
We have another scene involving Daenerys in the Chamber of the Painted Table. In the trailer, we got to see many close-up shots of the table and another one which featured Daenerys and Tyrion standing in front of the table.
This is another interesting scene from the video, as we can see Samwell clearing cobwebs in the Citadel. That is mean, it's not going to be an easy journey for Samwell in the Citadel when the season begins. He might have to do some cleaning and other labourous work while studying to become a maester. It might also be possible that he's using the stick to remove some scroll from the top shelf but it seems unlikely.
Liam Cunningham is looking at some pictures in a camera and having a laugh. This definitely doesn't seem like any technology that's present in Westeros and has to be a behind the scene clip :p
Tyrion is taking a stroll on the beach at Dragonstone.
We then get a look at some of the costume sketches.
And some close-up shots of Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams.
Daenerys, Grey Worm and Missandei are walking with the Unsullied. Most probably at Dragonstone.
We can see the Hound playing with fake snow in this scene it just confirms that he and the Brotherhood Without Banners are mostly travelling North as they last discussed in season 6.
The Franken-Mountain in his new armour sans the helmet and we can see the dark make-up around his eyes.
Here's the new fan-favourite, Lyanna Mormont, sitting in front of Brienne.
Is Littlefinger walking out of the Winterfell crypts in this scene?
We can see Jon Snow and Tormund standing in this scene and there are other characters like Sansa, Brienne, Podrick, Lord Glover. It's intersting to see Alys Karstark and Maester Wolkan in this scene.
Arya Stark is riding through snow. We saw her struggling with the cold in the season 7 trailer and it does seem certain that she's on the way to Winterfell.
Sansa is in the crypts. We hope to see something interesting happening in this scene.
This has to be the most unexpected scene from the video as it reveals a big plot twist. In this scene we can see Cersei Lannister and the Mountain standing in front of Ellaria Sand, who seems to be in chains. Now we don't know how this is going to happen but it is going to be one important scene!
NEW YORK — More than a million New Yorkers came out Sunday to show support for Israel by attending the city's annual Celebrate Israel Parade. Hundreds of thousands of spectators lined the route of the parade along Fifth Avenue, drowning the street in a sea of blue and white.
The parade was one in a series of New York-area events — which actually started Saturday night, with the Empire State Building lit up in blue and white.
At 8 a.m. Sunday morning, thousands of runners set out on a sold-out Celebrate Israel 4-mile (6.4-km) run in Manhattan's Central Park. According to the Celebrate Israel website, “The four-mile run is a symbolic journey through Israel, from Eilat to Tel Aviv.” Israeli runners were treated to a performance at the Central Park Bandshell by Israeli-born recording artist, performer, educator and music therapist, Dafna.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Celebrate Israel Parade, started in 1964 and formerly known as the Salute to Israel Parade, featured school groups and other Jewish organizations from the tri-state area, floats, and marching bands.
“I've been marching for 31 years with Ramaz. Exciting, community building, great experience for faculty and students to share their love and commitment to Medinat Yisrael. We get a chance to demonstrate our connection to our spiritual and sovereign home,” said Ira Miller, dean of Ramaz Upper School on East 78th Street in Manhattan.
Marchers made their way up Manhattan's Fifth Avenue, from 57th Street to 74th Street. The colorful marchers carried illustrations, collages, paintings, and other art forms that reflected the 2013 parade theme, “Picture Israel: The Art & the Craft.” According to the parade website, the art work was designed “to show the diversity of Israel and its people, the land/sea/cityscapes, accomplishments, etc.”
Security along the parade route was tight, with bomb-sniffing dogs on the ground and police helicopters above.
Among the Israeli participants at the parade were Home Front Defense Minister Gilad Erdan, Immigrant Absorption Minister Sofa Landver, Deputy Defense Minister Danny Danon and MK Dov Lipman.
“I have been to New York many times, but this was my first time representing Israel as a member of Knesset in this important parade,” said American-born Lipman of the Yesh Atid party.
Lipman thanked the US and the city of New York for its friendship towards, and support of, the Jewish state.
The day's festivities were set to end in a friendly soccer match between the Israeli and Honduran national teams.
Meanwhile, several thousand people attended a Closer to Israel march in central London Sunday afternoon, the UK's first Israel parade in five years.
The event culminated in a celebratory gathering in Trafalgar Square, which was addressed by Chief Rabbi Lord Sacks and Israel's Ambassador to the UK Daniel Taub, as well as Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove, who declared he was “proud to be a friend of Israel and proud to be a Zionist.”
Entertainment was provided by Israeli pop star and former Eurovision finalist, Harel Skaat.
The community at the event raised funds for Help for Heroes, a military charity that has been in the news since soldier Lee Rigby was murdered last month by Islamic fundamentalists in London, while wearing a Help for Heroes t-shirt.
I was recently combing through boxes of old stuff from my childhood. One box was filled with old photos and negatives of 35mm photography film. Back then, you gave your film to your local photo shop, they'd develop it and then give you pouches with the developed prints and the negatives in it. I'm quite fond of these memories, but I rarely look through them anymore because it's a little cumbersome. So I decided to digitize these photos.
I started out with an off-the-shelf dia film scanner, the kind you can get from Amazon for about €30-€40. It has a tray for a strip of 35mm film, a small display, and SD-card slot and a few buttons. You hit the button and then advance to the next slide. Unfortunately, the results from these scanners were abysmal. Not only were the photos JPEG-only, they were also low-resolution, not very sharp and showed strong compression artifacts. Not what I'd envisioned. A dedicated flat-bed film scanner was also out of the question, for these will easily set you back €200-€300. The big advantage of these is the fact that they will scan to high-res TIFF, giving you a lot of room to post-process the scans.
But I have two great cameras at my disposal, both capable of capturing high-resolution RAW files. So I started out devising a way to photograph the negatives in the most convenient way possible. Why scan the negatives instead of the actual prints? Well, the negatives should give you more dynamic range than the film and I was also missing a few prints from the pouches, while the negatives were mostly complete.
I built a simple cardboard box, cut a 35mm-ish hole into the side, set up my wireless flash and fixed a sliding-window contraption in front of the hole. The flash is diffused in the box using two sheets of plain paper, again, not the most professional way to do it but it works OK. I then experimented with my DSLR only to find that I had the wrong lenses for the job (a macro lens would have fared better I supposed). So I used the next best thing: My Fujifilm X100 with a macro-lens I still had lying around. In order to focus the negative I set my X100 to RAW and used the Yellow-channel black-and-white settings a preview mechanism. The ISO was set to 200, aperture f/8, shutter time of 1/500s and manual focus (1m-1.5m), with 4/7 power from my Yongnuo flash. In Aperture I had to invert the colors, crop and then continue with the usual postprocessing, including white-balance, contrast, etc.
Long story short, after some experimentation and some fiddling I was able to get decent RAWs of my negatives with little effort and no money spent. True, sometimes the negative bulge a little bit and the corners do get blurry, but the essence of the photo is very neatly transported from the negative into digital. It's certainly not the best you can get from these negatives, and I suppose some people will look down onto this technique, but for a first quick run of digitizing my most import photos it was more than adequate. If I ever get around to buying a dedicated film-scanner I might repeat the procedure, but until then I can safely recommend my workflow. Let me know if you have any input on this or other techniques in the comments.
Team New Zealand are set to revolutionize sailing at the next America's Cup after today unveiling leg grinders in a world first.
Traditionally, grinders have always been powered by hand yet now, Team New Zealand has incorporated cycle like mechanisms to produce more speed and energy into the boat.
The boat reportedly features four grinding pedestals on each hull, designed to be less draining on grinders who have to provide hydraulic power to hoist the large wingsail.
The shift from traditional arm work for the grinders to the more explosive option of leg cycling is already being monitored closely by rivals, Sail-World.com reports, with an opposition spy boat on the waters yesterday to see the new 50-foot-catamaran.
Whether the innovation will provide New Zealand an edge on the water in this year's edition of the America's Cup in Bermuda is yet to be seen.
But the feature is a push towards an aggressive title charge after the 2013 debacle where Team Oracle USA caused one of the greatest come backs in the modern sporting era, winning 9-8 after the Kiwis held a lead of 8.
Former aides to Hillary Clinton are urging Twitter to mute the Commander in Tweet, with at least one urging the social media site to shut down Donald Trump's account entirely.
“Dear @twitter – I hear you close down accts promoting fake news and false conspiracies,” Jesse Ferguson, a former press aide to Hillary Clinton's failed presidential bid, tweeted Sunday.
“Please consider deleting this one. Thanks,” he added.
Ferguson's comment was a response to Trump's tweet claiming that “millions of people … voted illegally.” The claim, which Trump said cost him the popular vote, was made without evidence.
Twitter guidelines state it is a violation “if you repeatedly create false or misleading content.”
Ferguson was joined by Christina Reynolds, a former deputy communications director for Clinton.
“Winning the electoral college won him the presidency, so Trump's excuses on why he lost the popular vote by millions are just small and sad,” wrote Christina Reynolds, a former deputy communications director.
But she added, “And of course, none of that matters. We have the system we have–HRC got more votes. Trump got more electoral votes and will be president.”
Meanwhile, Clinton campaign lawyer Marc Elias defended the campaign's decision to join Green Party candidate Jill Stein's recount effort in select states.
“We are getting attacked for participating in a recount that we didn't ask for by the man who won election but thinks there was massive fraud,” Elias said on Twitter.
Although the Iranian regime has blamed the United States and Israel for the "heinous act," whoever perpetrated this murder was no friend of the U.S. This mishap occurred in the wake of Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton's call on Iran "to return to negotiations with the P5+1," the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council plus Germany. The statement deplored Tehran's decision to start uranium enrichment at a bunker facility in Fordow, but it reiterated that the goal of U.S. policy is "reaching a comprehensive, negotiated solution that restores confidence in the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran's nuclear program." The assassination clearly undermines this objective.
Mostafa Ahmadi-Rowshan with his son / Farsnews
Notwithstanding Secretary Clinton's immediate reaction to the assassination by categorically denying "any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran," Tehran blamed the bombing on "America and the criminal Zionist regime." A disturbing saying, fueled by livid nationalism, spread across Iran like wildfire, "They save our sailors, but kill our scientists." The phrase refers to the humanitarian-cum-diplomatic rescue operations by the U.S. navy in the Persian Gulf that has saved the lives of Iranian mariners in the past few days. The goodwill gesture that countered Iran's threats to close the Strait of Hormuz to global oil traffic has been largely ruined by the coldblooded murder.
This is the fourth Iranian scientist who has been mysteriously murdered in the past two years. Such acts of terrorism are unlikely to significantly delay or deter Tehran's nuclear program. It is implausible that Iran's expansive cadre of nuclear scientists depend on one or several individuals. Most of these scientists were educated at Iranian universities and are thus replaceable. Rather, it is the adverse effects and ramifications of these terrors that are most likely to be felt outside of Iran.
The resulting climate of insecurity feeds ammunition to hardliners in Tehran demanding reprisals. Fereydoun Abbasi-Davani's appointment as the new head of Iran's atomic energy organization may have been part of the backlash against the campaign to eliminate Iranian scientists. Abbasi, suspected of involvement in Iran's alleged nuclear weapon program and blacklisted under UN sanctions, survived a near-identical assassination attempt in November 2010. It is now under his watch that Iran tips closer toward becoming a nuclear weapons threshold state.
The growing battery of dark art attacks against Iran's nuclear program -- assassinations, sabotage, and cyber-attacks -- is likely to further diminish Tehran's cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Iran claims that Rowshan became a target after he was interviewed by international nuclear inspectors. A few weeks from now, representatives from the IAEA are scheduled to visit Iran, a trip aimed at resolving some of the outstanding issues between Iran and the agency. Wednesday's killing gives the Iranian government an excuse to stonewall access to its scientific community and subvert the agency's efforts. If the IAEA loses some of its access, the world will have markedly less information about Iran's nuclear program, which will make the goal of taming Iran's atomic ambitions more difficult.
Harriet Harman's 'unreliable statistics on rape scare off victims'
Harriet Harman was ordered to stop misleading the public about rape by an official inquiry report yesterday.
The Equalities Minister was accused of pumping out unreliable figures about the low number of rapists brought to justice, thus discouraging victims from reporting attacks.
The review by Baroness Stern appeared to put an end to years of claims by ministers that laws and criminal procedures for dealing with rape need radical reform because only six per cent of complaints ends in a conviction.
Misleading: Harriet Harman has been given a second slap on the wrist - this time by Baroness Stern, right, over conviction statistics
The claim was even made by Miss Harman last September on the day she set up the Stern review.
But Lady Stern, a prison reform campaigner and human rights activist, called in her report for 'an end to the widespread use of misleading rape conviction data - in particular the six per cent conviction rate figure'.
The six per cent figure relates to reported cases. In fact, the conviction rate for those actually charged with rape is nearly two out of three, higher than comparable figures for other violent crime.
The report's view is doubly humiliating for Miss Harman because it was she who set up the review.
'Discouraging': The 'unreliable' figures are 'scaring off rape victims' from reporting the crime
Instead of condemning low conviction rates and demanding legal reforms - as ministers have repeatedly done over the past six years - Lady Stern said there should be more help for victims and greater use of police intelligence to track down men who serially attack and rape strangers.
Her report said: 'The figure for convictions of those charged with rape as the term is normally used is actually 58 per cent.
'There is concern that the six per cent figure can make victims feel it is not worth reporting.'
Lady Stern added: 'The conviction rate has taken over the debate to the detriment of other important outcomes for victims.
'Prosecuting and convicting is of course important, but my view is that support and care for victims should be as high a priority.
'The obligations the state has to those who have suffered a violent crime, and a crime that strikes at the whole concept of human dignity and bodily integrity, are much wider than working for the conviction of a perpetrator.'
It was the second high-level slap on the wrist Labour's deputy leader has received within a year over use of statistics to further her favoured political causes.
Last summer the watchdog UK Statistics Authority accused Miss Harman of 'undermining public trust' by exaggerating the pay gap between men and women.
Baroness Stern's report criticised 'sharp failures' by police in the cases of John Worboys, a taxi driver who was convicted of 12 attacks on women and may have committed more than 100, and Kirk Reid, suspected of 71 offences.
It called for sharing of police intelligence across London boroughs and for forces to consider specialist rape units.
Lady Stern also said the Ministry of Justice should study numbers of false rape accusations. Because the alleged victim's anonymity is guaranteed by law, critics say false claims can be made with impunity.
Her report said: 'This provokes strong feelings and is surrounded by controversy, which ... plays a part in responses to rape complainants.'
Lady Stern also said there should be an end to targets for rape convictions for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service; better forensic examination of complainants; better video evidence schemes for witnesses, improved compensation procedures for victims, and more explanation of sexual offences law to young people.
Miss Harman declined to comment.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
In less than a week, Virginians will head to the polls to elect a new governor, lieutenant governor, and attorney general.
CBS 6 has reached out to all the major party candidates and offered them an opportunity to connect with Virginia voters. So far the Libertarian candidate for governor, both lieutenant governor candidates, and both attorney general candidates have accepted the invitation.
Below is the transcript of anchor Bill Fitzgerald and Republican Lieutenant Governor candidate E.W. Jackson. Jackson has been criticized for some of the comments he has made against gays and other groups.
Bill Fitzgerald CBS 6: “YouTube has a number of your speeches where you make a lot of comments on Democrats, gays, Planned Parenthood. Current Lieutenant Governor Bill Bolling called some of your statements indefensible.
Last May, at a campaign stop, you said you wouldn't apologize for anything you said in the past. Do you have any regrets?"
E.W. Jackson, Lt. Gov. candidate: “Absolutely not and here is the reason. None of those statements were made as a candidate; they were made as a minister. As a minister I teach the Bible. If people have a problem with that, there is a word for it: bigotry—religious bigotry.
And what they are trying to do is disqualify me because I happen to be a Bible believing Christian, but there are millions of us all over Virginia and the rest of the country. I have been trying to focus on jobs, on education, on dealing with some of the inner city youth problems we have. I grew up in that kind of context, so those are some of the things I've been focusing on, but my opponents and the mainstream media want to talk about me as a minister."
BF: “But when someone takes the measure of a man, they want to know what his beliefs are. What does he say about, for example, about gays, about Planned Parenthood? For example, should gay Virginians, non-Christians should they be worried about your election? Are you an inclusive?"
JACKSON: “I think Christians ought to be worried, because my opponent said there is no room in Virginia for people who don't believe that marriage should be between one man and one woman. I never said that about homosexuals, people engaged in same-sex relationships. No, they shouldn't be worried because I love the Constitution.
BF: “You never said gays were sick?”
JACKSON: “Look, as a minister I quoted Romans Chapter 1, and interpreted Romans Chapter 1 in a ministry context. I suggest you read it, and I suggest your viewers read it.
BF: “So that's where the ‘gays are sick' comment came from, your ministry?”
JACKSON: “It talks about homosexuals, and homosexuality, it condemns the behavior, but here again, that is not what I've been running on. I've been running on jobs, education, on trying to deal with problems in the inner city, and it really is a sad commentary that our founding fathers specifically warned against religious tests, and I'm being confronted with all this anti-Christian religious bigotry.
And what they are saying is that no minister who believes the Bible, no Christian who believes in the bible is worthy of serving in public office but those who don't, or who are opposed to it, are perfectly qualified.
BF: “But there is an intersection between your religious beliefs and public policy. For example Charlottesville and Richmond have passed ordinances extending benefits to spouses of gay city workers if and when Virginia law should change, allowing recognition of same-sex couple. So that is where some would say, well, religious beliefs say this, but policy say this. Where do you stand on that, what Charlottesville and Richmond have done?"
“It's very interesting that I, who am I standing behind the constitutional amendment passed by a majority of Virginians [in 2006], am I being vilified and those who are violating and decrying the constitutional amendment, they are being praised, they are doing something wonderful. I'm standing with the people of Virginia, I'm standing with our constitutional amendment, I'm standing with our Judeo Christian values.
I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. And that's just where I stand."
BF: “You told the Virginian Pilot in 2006 you supported the will of the people when Virginians effectively voted, as you said, to define marriage as only between a man and a woman. Now that polls show a similar majority of Virginians now supporting same-sex marriage should leaders follow the will of the people in that case?
JACKSON:“You mean based on a poll. I thought we had to have elections. That's what next Tuesday is going to be about. I don't pay any attention to polls, but obviously the law is the law and one is duly obligated to follow it or suffer the consequences of civil disobedience.
But we aren't there yet, we have a constitutional amendment in place, and I support it.
BF: “Now talking about fiscal policy, for example. The transportation bill is a big bill you said the other day that you would have had some trouble with it because it raised taxes. Would you have provided the tie-breaking vote—as a Lieutenant Governor--in the Senate to pass the transportation bill?
JACKSON: “I said if I was in the Senate, it would have been a different kind of bill because I would have fought for the will of the people and the people don't want to be taxed. I think we can solve our transportation problems without adding additional tax burdens in a bad economy, on the backs of Virginians.
BF: “So you wouldn't have allowed Governor McDonnell's landmark transportation bill to pass?”
JACKSON: “If I had been in the state Senate, or if I have been president of the Senate, I would have made a different type of commitment not to raise taxes.
To see sample ballots for your county or city, and find out where you vote, click here.
LUZERNE, LUZERNE COUNTY (WOLF) -- Thanks to a 22 credit hour course and exam from Harvard Medical School, Dr. John Brady is one of five doctors in Luzerne County and only 12 in NEPA currently certified to treat select patients in Pennsylvania's new medical marijuana program.
"I was surprised. I thought more docs would be eager to learn about this and offer this, especially the pain management docs or the neurologists," he said.
Dr. Brady thinks many doctors may not want to deal with the time and paperwork as an approved physician, in addition to marijuana still being illegal under federal law.
"I think I'm just a pioneer and I think when patients are going to do okay, they're going to feel more comfortable. And when they find out that the DEA isn't going to come here and take my license, then they're going to say, well, if medical is legit, we should get on board," he said.
Dr. Brady notes a list of only 17 medical conditions approved to be treated by the state department of health, but first patients must talk to a doctor approved to issue them a medical cannabis ID card.
"They drop off their records, I read through their medical records, and if I identify a disease that the state approves, then I call them to make an appointment to come in to take the next step in the process," he said.
Since the state directory was posted, his office has been overwhelmed with calls.
"They are cancer patients, they're Parkinson's patients, they're diabetic neuropathy patients, seizure patients, on and on and on and on," said Dr. Brady.
One of those calls was 70-year-old Jim Schlata. He has stage four lung cancer.
"I was even thinking of moving back to Colorado to get medical marijuana, and since they're offering it here, now I don't have to."
While chemo has helped fight his cancer, treatments have taken their toll.
"You lose your taste for food. and you almost have to force yourself to eat. You don't have much of an appetite," he said.
He says as soon as the dispensaries are fully operational, he hopes he can take advantage of them.
"I'm not saying it's a cure-all like anything, but it's definitely another tool in the toolbox to fight disease - especially for me, cancer," said Schlata.
Dr. Brady he's waiting for the state to tell him where to send the new patient information to issue the certifications.
He thinks the program should be fully operational by spring.
The vaginal microbiome is critically important to a healthy pregnancy, and studies have shown that vaginal dysbiosis during pregnancy can lead to infection and preterm birth. In order to help understand what the microbiome looks like throughout and just after pregnancy, researchers from England performed longitudinal studies on 42 pregnant women. They published their results last week in Nature Scientific Reports.
The scientists sequenced the microbiomes of the 42 women throughout their pregnancies, and then for the 6 weeks afterwards for some of the women. They discovered, in agreement with other literature on the subject, that the vaginal microbiome becomes dominated by Lactobacilli species during pregnancy. The Lactobacilli are thought to prevent pathogens from colonizing the vagina because they produce lactic acid which decreases the overall pH of the vagina, and they secrete antibacterial toxins. These Lactobacilli are also important as they are normally the first to colonize the new infants' guts after they pass through the birth canal.
The researchers also learned that the microbiome shifts away from Lactobacilli and towards a more diverse microbiome in the period immediately following birth. The new bacteria that colonize are often associated with vaginosis, and these can lead to inflammation and infection of the birth canal in some women. The scientists suspect this shift occurs because there is a sudden drop in estrogen production upon removal of the placenta. The increase in circulating estrogen is thought to be important for Lactobacilli colonization, so it makes sense that the rapid decrease in estrogen decreases Lactobacilli abundance.
Finally, this study showed that there were geographic and ethnic variations to the pregnant microbiome. While each microbiome was associated with a healthy pregnancy, there were important differences, especially on the species level. For example, Asian and Caucasian women's pregnant microbiomes were dominated by Lactobacillus gasseri, while this species was absent in black women's pregnant microbiomes.
This paper helps show the normal progression of the microbiome during and after pregnancy. With the mounting evidence that the microbiome is often a contributing factor to preterm birth and some post-partum diseases, papers like this one are important to some day discovering the mechanistic basis for our microbiome's association with these issues.
Larry Foote says there's no fear of the unknown with the Steelers.
Or of doing things that may go against the perceived, stay-the-course Steelers way, which he says they're doing — partly at co-owner Art Rooney II's behest — following their 8-8 season.
For years a well-known entity with identifiable players such as Ben Roethlisberger, Troy Polamalu, James Harrison and Mike Wallace, the Steelers are “going through a bit of a transition period,” Foote said Tuesday.
After James Farrior, Hines Ward and Aaron Smith departed last season, veterans including Harrison, Wallace, Keenan Lewis and Rashard Mendenhall moved on this year. It has altered the look of the team, in Foote's estimation.
“We lost some guys this year and last year, so it's unknown guys who need to step up if we're going to go far,” said Foote, the inside linebacker who signed a new contract that will bring him back for an 11th Steelers season. “There are some unknown guys who have to step up and play big time for us.”
He was referring to players such as outside linebacker Jason Worilds, who isn't exactly an unknown quantity but is one who has yet to show what he can do as an every-week starter. Others include Cortez Allen, who replaces Lewis at cornerback, backup cornerback Curtis Brown and nose tackle Steve McLendon.
Foote appears to believe that Worilds, not first-round draft pick Jarvis Jones, will replace Harrison at outside linebacker.
“It's going to be difficult (for Jones to start immediately), especially outside,” Foote said. “There is so much technique, (knowing) where you've got to line up, inside or outside. The fortunate thing is they (Jones' Georgia Bulldogs) played a 3-4. … I've seen a lot (of players) come in as rookies and not have a clue, but you can tell he's been around our type of football.”
Even if that wasn't the type of football the Steelers played during a playoffs-free 2012 season. Foote said there's a lingering irritation and anger — especially in his household, where he said a budgeted $40,000 or so in playoff money evaporated.
Rooney expressed disappointment with all the close losses — five by three points — and the large number of injuries. He said the team would explore different methods of conditioning.
“Everybody, Mr. Rooney on down, everybody is (mad),” Foote said. “Conditioning has gone up a notch. Everybody has to do a stress test. We're trying to get after it.”
Wallace alluded to the Steelers' all-business attitude when he recently told reporters in Miami that “everybody has a college mentality around here. It's a lot different than where I came from. Everybody's hungry.”
“This organization knows how to do it, and we're one of the top teams the past decade,” Foote said. “I don't know where's he's coming from, and I don't take it too seriously, but we're a top program. Everybody knows that.”
Alan Robinson is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at arobinson@tribweb.com or via Twitter @arobinson_Trib.
KXAN News - AUSTIN (KXAN) - Police issued an arrest warrant for a man after an argument with a North Austin adult store clerk over the sale of some videos turned into a potential shoplifting violation, according to a police affidavit.
A clerk at Dreamer's, located on Braker Lane and N. Lamar Boulevard, told police a man came into the store looking to sell some of his DVDs in early April. When the clerk declined to buy the videos, the man, later identified as Curtis Lee Randel, 62, allegedly got upset, the affidavit states.
That's when Randel allegedly walked around the store, grabbed some items and left before paying for them, which buzzed the store's theft-detection system, according to the police report.
According to the police report, Randel allegedly stole a "We Vibe - Thrill" device and some "Joy Toy Cleaner" worth more than $200.
Randal has been convicted of theft twice since 1997, the affidavit states. Travis County records do not show him in custody.
A new British Conservative Party junior Justice Minister named Dominic Raab was appointed by Prime Minister David Cameron, and his views on gender issues are drawing attention from across the pond.
Raab, a well-known critic of the Prime Minister, was appointed by Cameron ostensibly so that he didn't cause trouble for his fragile government. Raab had previously been an outspoken voice in a rebellion by the Tory Party against the United Kingdom being a part of the European Arrest Warrant System. Raab has been an outspoken defender of human rights, and against discrimination, but not the type of left wing social justice discrimination that you're used to hearing here in the United States.
In 2011, Raab argued that men were being unfairly blamed by feminists for the housing crisis, and that they were being discriminated against by parental leave rules that favored women who wanted time off. He also spoke out against the court system, which he sees as unfairly biased against men. ‘Maybe it's time men started burning their briefs, to put to an end once and for all what Emmeline Pankhurst used to call “the ­double standard of sex morals.'”
And Raab hasn't been silent on the old feminist myth about the gender pay gap, saying: “Take the gender pay gap. The fascinating thing is just how sexist its champions have become,' he said. ‘It is almost taboo for a man to question the assertion that the rapidly dwindling pay gap is the result of discrimination, rather than genuine choice,” he said.
From the Daily Mail:
‘Yet, research shows the pay gap has halved since the 1970s. Office for National Statistics data in December showed that, since 1997, the difference between full-time median earnings has fallen from 17 per cent to 10 per cent – and the shrinkage is accelerating. ‘According to research for the Institute for Economic Affairs, women in their 20s earn one per cent more than men, single women a shade more. ‘Gay men earn more than straight men, lesbian women more than heterosexual women. Does that sound like a society ­riddled with discrimination? ‘Meanwhile, pay is just one of the terms of employment. Men work longer hours, enjoy their jobs less, commute further and are more likely to get the sack.' Mr Raab said Britain now had some of the toughest anti-discrimination laws in the world, but was ‘blind to some of the most flagrant discrimination – against men'. ‘From the cradle to the grave, men are getting a raw deal. Men work longer hours, die earlier, but retire later than women. That won't be fixed for another seven years. ‘One reason women are left ­”holding the baby” is anti-male ­discrimination in rights of maternity/paternity leave. ‘Meanwhile, young boys are ­educationally disadvantaged ­compared to girls, and divorced or separated fathers are systematically ignored by the courts.' Mr Raab – whose wife Erika works in marketing for a major IT firm – said there was also more subtle sexism. He said: ‘One Financial Times commentator recently complained that: “High-flying women are programmed to go for high-flying men. Most men aren't attracted to women who are more successful than they are”. ‘Can you imagine the outrage if such trite generalisations were made about women, or other minorities? Feminists are now amongst the most obnoxious bigots.'
Raab argues for a more meritocratic, and truly equal society in regards to sex.
The Telegraph:
“Britain's not perfect, and we will never eradicate all human prejudice,” he went on. “But, we have reached a stage where the differences between men and women in our society are less reflective of overt discrimination, and more their common challenge of trying to find the right way to earn a decent quality of life for their family, whilst sparing some time to enjoy it. “That means taking a consistent approach to equality, ditching outdated gender warfare and finding practical solutions to the challenges couples go through together.”
All due respect, minister. The war on men is already in full swing, it's been happening for a long time, and for some… it's fight or die.
The 2018 executive budget proposed by Fitchburg Mayor Jason Gonzalez on Friday would cut all funding that the Boys and Girls Club of Dane County has used for the last five years to transport children to the club's Allied Drive facility and feed them.
It also removes a $10,000 allocation to the Badger Prairie Needs Network and a $50,000 community grant fund administered by the Community Economic Development Authority.
“It's shameful,” said Boys and Girls Club CEO Michael Johnson, who says the mayor informed him at the end of the business day Friday.
The $50,000 represents about 18 percent of BGC's annual budget, and one quarter of one percent of the $20 million city budget.
The budget reflects $50,000 in electricity savings due to the installation of solar panels on the roofs of several City buildings. It also includes new funding for operations of the new West Fire Station. The overall budget represents about a $1 million increase from the 2017 adopted budget.
Johnson said he will mobilize supporters to oppose the cut in funding, as he did last year when an amendment to then-mayor Steve Arnold's budget attempted to move BGC funding into the CEDA fund. More than 250 BGC supporters attended the Fitchburg City Council meeting where the amendment was defeated and BGC funding was saved.
“It's shameful that every single year we have to fight for this funding,” Johnson said. “I'm just sick of people saying well go to the private sector, go to the business community. Yes you have to do (private fundraising). But the city also has to do their part to support kids in this community. The city is obligated to provide services for kids.”
He also criticized Gonzalez for not engaging in dialog with community leaders affected by funding cuts.
“At the end of the day, they have not had a clean process,” Johnson said. “At the end of the day there's no other organization that provides the kind of services that we provide.”
Johnson also said he plans to produce TV ads to air on local stations opposing the cut and “will have a donor lined up to pay for them directly on our behalf.”
The city's finance committee meets October 3.
Gonzalez did not respond to multiple messages seeking comment and clarification.
Welcome to the Survivor: Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers preseason! THR's Josh Wigler reports from his exclusive visit to the show's shooting location in Fiji, where he interviewed host Jeff Probst, as well as the 18 new castaways battling it out for the million-dollar prize.
Click here to make sure you're all caught up on our stories from the island, including our weekly podcast series "First One Out," an in-depth look at all of the new players, culminating in an interview with the first person voted out of the season.
Devon Pinto looks right at home in Fiji. The lifelong Californian boasts big love for the great outdoors, the beach specifically, and has always had ambitions to make it out to this particular tropical destination.
"I've always wanted to come here," he tells me when we sit down for our interview, two days before Survivor: Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers begins. "Some of the world's best breaks are out here in Fiji. I'm hoping at any point to get to see some good waves. It's beautiful. Crystal blue, clear, warm water. Looks like there's going to be some beautiful reefs out here. I'm so excited to get out in the water. I'm not a known fisherman, but I know it's within my capabilities. I'm a water man. I feel good in the ocean. I'm ready to catch some food for my tribe."
In other words: "I've never felt better in my whole life. This is the peak."
Devon describes himself in Survivor terms as a No Collar, the free-spirited type who carves his own way forward in life. But there's an aggressive connotation to "carving," and while Devon plans to bust out the proverbial knives in the game of Survivor, it's not his usual approach to life.
"I'm a lover. A big-time lover," he says. "When need be, I'm also a fighter, but more of a lover than a fighter. I love nature, I love being out in the wilderness, I love plants, I love waves, I love surfing, I love my friends, I love my family, and I love this beautiful planet in general. I'm into surfing, I'm into yoga, I grew up playing soccer. I'm into sports, mostly extreme sports. I love snowboarding. I think the coolest way to connect with nature is to get on a board and just freaking ride the most insane, perfect wave, or get dropped off at some untouched mountain and snowboard some fresh powder."
Devon grew up in a beach town, where "surfing is the regs," as is snowboarding through the nearby mountains. He works as a surf instructor, a job he doesn't take too seriously: "I mostly do it just because it's fun. I make a little cash. I'm not too focused on cash in my life right now, the bills. I make enough to get by to pay for food and pay for my rent and whatever fun plans I have, whether it's going on a surf trip or going some place new."
Prior to Survivor, Devon was a student at Sonoma State University, where he studied finance — not the most natural fit, based on optics alone. "But I am a numbers guy; I've always been good at math," he insists, and perhaps that's part of where his lifelong love for Survivor comes from.
"I watched the very first season with my mom. There's nothing like it," he says. "I love seeing these people whom you would never imagine in this situation, left to survive on their own and live off the land. The majority of these people aren't meant for that. They're city people. Even just shitting in the ocean is such a fucking crazy thing to them, and that's my norm! And the challenges? I get a huge adrenaline rush, just watching the challenges. But everything that I'm going to get to experience by participating in this game, it blows my mind. It's awesome."
Listen to the podcast below to hear from Devon and the rest of the Hustlers in the fourth episode of our preseason series, "First One Out."
Having watched the show with his family since its earliest days, Devon says he's more than aware of just how complicated the game has become over the past few seasons: "I have no idea what to expect at this point. We've reached a point in Survivor where anything is possible. The traditional rules have not gone completely out the window, but things have changed. It's completely unpredictable. I have no idea what's coming my way." What he does know is what he's willing to do in order to make his way forward, beginning with wielding his surfer bro persona as a weapon. "My plan is, I already have the dumb-sounding surfer voice, so I'm going to play myself up that way. I want them to think all I do is surf, even though I have a college degree," he explains. "I consider myself an intellectual — but I'm not going to say a single word like 'intellectual' while I'm on the island, you know? I'm going to be like, 'Whoa, sup dude? How do we do this?' I'm going to try to play that card, and hopefully they'll pick off the smarter people who are trying to run things, and then there are a lot of buff dudes and hopefully they'll see them as a bigger physical threat, and I'll thread right in through the middle." "But I don't want to be seen as someone who didn't play the game," he continues. "Maybe to start, I'll play dumb, just to get the target off my back. And once we start getting people off, I'll bust out the big guns." In that regard, Devon says he's more than willing to get his hands dirty, whether that means rifling through people's bags or shamelessly scouting out the beach for hidden immunity idols. "I think it's stupid to not look for idols," he says. "If people think, 'Oh, he's sketchy because he's looking for an idol,' that's not sketchy. It's just playing the game and being smart and getting yourself an advantage. I'll do my best to hide that I'm looking for an idol, but if I have an option of looking for the idol knowingly or not looking for an idol at all to make my tribe members happy, I'll look for the idol."
More than anything, Devon has his eyes on the million-dollar prize, and he's already dreaming up how he plans to use it — supporting "the ones who have been there for me," for one, and for another: "I was thinking I would start an afterschool program for underprivileged kids who don't have the easiest lives, who don't have parents there for them to provide them with the healthiest food or teach them the healthiest lifestyle. I would want to start an afterschool program for free for those kinds of kids, and get them to learn a healthier and happier lifestyle than what they were introduced to unfairly."
"It's a million bucks, so everyone has dollar signs on the mind, but I'm thinking more along the lines of what can I do with the money, and how can I start something that's a bright light on our Earth, and influences others to do the same," he says. "[People should be figuring out] how to make our beautiful planet survive. That should be our number one goal, and just to give everyone on this planet an equal opportunity to have a good life, and sharing the land the way it ought to be shared."
Which is why Devon has no problem stepping away from his comfort zone as a lover, and becoming more of a fighter, in his quest to secure the top prize and put those winnings to good use.
"I'm going to have no hard feelings in this game," he says. "It's just a game. The real world? That's real shit going down. There are people actually suffering and struggling. This is just a game. Whatever bad things happen to us in this game, it doesn't even compare to the troubles that other people experience in the real world. I'm ready to play hard and stab people in the back. No worries. I'll play. I'm here to play."
Watch the video below for more from Devon on why he's going to win Survivor.
That's Devon in his own words. But what does everyone else think? Over the course of these interviews, I showed the castaways pictures of each other from casting, to get their pregame impressions of their future competitors. Read on for their takes on Devon.
Note: comments from the castaways have been edited and condensed for clarity.
Katrina Radke (Olympic Swimmer, Heroes Tribe): He's a surfer dude. He's hip. He's going to be fun.
Ashley Nolan (Lifeguard, Heroes Tribe): He reminds me of almost every guy from my hometown. Very surfer shaka brah, very mellow and go with the flow. So, I feel like I'll be able to relate to him very, very well. Plus he's gorgeous. He's tall, dark and handsome, you know? He's got the light eyes. So he's going to be a good one to kind of keep around as an ally.
Mike Zahalsky (Urologist, Healers Tribe): He looks like a surfer. He's going to be a great swimmer I bet. He's going to be very easygoing: "Hey, let's go do some yoga, man. Let's go meditate."
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): Do you do yoga?
Mike Zahalsky (Urologist, Healers Tribe): I mean, I've tried to do yoga before. But yoga to me is just sitting there and thinking, like, "How can these people clear their minds?" Like, I don't know how to clear my mind.
Ben Driebergen (Marine, Heroes Tribe): Oh, my wife is gonna like him. She likes the surfer dudes. He's tall, dark hair, blue eyes, and I think he's kinda like the stoner surfer guy who's all like, "Yeah, bro!" Kinda like Woo, but with a mix of Joe. He's kind of like the surfer Joe. He's going to be fun to be around. You might have to drag him along a little bit and coach him a little. But my wife is gonna like him.
JP Hilsabeck (Firefighter, Heroes Tribe): Another good dude. Looks like we'll get along great. Looks like he surfs, just like I do. It's the same thing [as with Cole]. You can't be too buddy-buddy. People see you as a threat, and it doesn't work out.
Cole Medders (Wilderness Therapy Guide, Healers Tribe): He's going to be my bro on the show. He's a total surfer. Surfers and climbers, it's the same world, just opposite ends — in the mountains, on the oceans. He's always doing some kind of yoga or reading a surfer book. I think we're going to have a good partnership.
Patrick Bolton (Small Business Owner, Hustlers Tribe): He's the Zen man. He's always in his zone. I see him, he's always outside on the grass, you know doing yoga or meditating, it looks like. This is meditation right? He's holding his hands up with the circles. That's the best way to describe that. I mean, it's a peaceful kind of person. You somewhat can associate that with trust, but not too early. He's a young guy. I wouldn't trust him.
Watch the video below for an early look at what Devon's victory speech might look like.
High fives from past Devon to future Devon! More soon from the latest #Survivor contender at the link in my profile. A post shared by Josh Wigler (@roundhoward) on Sep 19, 2017 at 11:04am PDT
Lauren Rimmer (Fisherman, Hustlers Tribe): I think he's a surfer dude that just, you know, maybe lives off mom's money, dad's money, and kind of hangs out and goes with the flow.
Simone Nguyen (Diversity Advocate, Hustlers Tribe): I think he's just playing into that goofy guy, carrying a ukulele and singing show tunes and having a good time or whatever. I'm not impressed. Get a job. What are you, a gardener? Stop.
Alan Ball (NFL Player, Heroes Tribe): Yoga man. Yeah. Very in his own world. Out of everybody here, he is in own space. I think he's not doing it on purpose, that's just who he is. He's a person that travels in his own space. I mean, he's a cool dude, he was walking around with a [ukelele]. He was walking around with one of those, and I peeped it. You catch him at the right time, you catch him off in the corner sitting Indian style. I can't even sit that way, but he's very comfortable doing it. He's way taller than me, and to be that tall and to be that limber? It's impressive.
Ali Elliott (Celebrity Assistant, Hustlers Tribe): He's a really tall dude, and I don't know why it's weird to me, but he always sits like criss-cross, applesauce. Like, dude, you are so tall, how are you wrapping those legs in the criss-cross?
Jessica Johnston (Nurse Practitioner, Healers Tribe): I don't know what he does for a living. He reads some kind of surfer book. He again seems kind of like, "I'm in the clouds and I'm surfing on the air." Totally a "let me in the sun, let me lay in a hammock" type of guy. He's a total goofball. He smiles at everything, but again, he looks awesome.
Desi Williams (Physical Therapist, Healers Tribe): He has great energy. He sings, he's reading a book about surfing, so I assume he's a surfer. He looks like a surfer. I think he has Hawaii tattooed on his ankle. I can't get a read on how he feels about me, so that's what I'm still trying to figure out; but I certainly would be happy to work with him.
Joe Mena (Probation Officer, Healers Tribe): People like him. He's easy on the eyes for the girls. He's definitely like a cowabunga surfer dude. I think it's the Hawaiian Islands that he has on his left ankle. He's familiar with the islands, I'm assuming.
Roark Luskin (Social Worker, Healers Tribe): He seems potentially like a Jay or a Joe or an Ozzy type. I think he's a surfer. I think he's probably going to be like a dolphin in the ocean. Super tall, super good-looking kid. He meditates a lot. He's barefoot a lot. He seems very Zen.
Ryan Ulrich (Bellhop, Hustlers Tribe): If he was any more laid back, he would fall over. He sits with his back against the tree with coconuts right over him. He doesn't care that they might crack his head. He does not care. He stares off into space constantly. He's reading a surfing book, cover to cover, page to page. He seems really laid back, and I'm not laid back. I'm not a bro. I've never surfed, you know? I don't like swimming in the ocean, and that's all he cares about. I mean, his base tan is phenomenal. Phenomenal base tan. So that's someone who I'm not alike. But he's threatening, because I don't want to compare him to like Fabio or anything like that, but he's so laid back and he's not going to think strategically, and nobody's going to think he's a threat the way other people are.
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): What are you doing at Ponderosa right now?
Devon Pinto (Surf Instructor, Hustlers Tribe): Like, what's my strategy, not being able to talk to them? I've just been trying to give every single person equal connection, and not trying to give anyone any sort of over attention. Because I don't know where I'm going to end up. I don't want to totally shun a few people, and give other people more attention, then end up on the tribe with people I shun, and then have them stab me, you know?
Josh Wigler (Reporter, THR): So, you're casting a wide net?
Devon Pinto (Surf Instructor, Hustlers Tribe): Yeah. I'm just trying to lay low.
Click through the gallery below for photos of Devon and the rest of the Season 35 castaways.
Keep checking THR.com/Survivor for more coverage of the Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers preseason.
My name is Phaedra Cook, I am 46 years old and I'm a cosplayer. That sounds like some kind of intro to a confession at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, doesn't it? There are certain types of people who would like me to have a sense of shame about my hobby, but that's not going to happen. Cosplay has been beneficial and it is my little way of combating ageism.
Cosplay After 40
Cosplay wasn't a “thing” when I was in my 20s and 30s—at least as far as I knew. For that matter, I was far too busy raising three kids, running my own graphic design and IT businesses and maintaining a marriage to have much in the way of hobbies. The first pop culture convention I ever attended was San Diego Comic-Con in 2009. Talk about starting big! We have been lucky enough to score tickets every year for the past six years.
The first year, I was in awe of the cosplayers running around in elaborate costumes and, quite frankly, a little jealous. My husband's hobby (and now part-time job), by the way, is photography, so he was having a field day taking photos. (Check out his photos from this year's SDCC).
The second year, I didn't want to be left out. I did a half-assed “cosplay” of Death from Sandman which consisted of a black tank top, black jeans and the appropriate squiggle drawn out to the side of my right eye. I thought I looked okay until I saw someone who put some real effort into it and looked 100% better than I did. My ego, at that point, was crushed.
It was 2011 when I did my first actual cosplay: a Dark Phoenix costume. I found a red, one-piece leotard, bought gold stretch spandex and had a friend make the sash, cut out the emblem and sew it to the front. I found gold, elbow-length gloves online, had my friend modify them so they had points at the top and found a pair of thigh-high gold boots. It was a good cosplay and one that I improved upon over the years.
2012 was the first Course of the Force, so in addition to my Dark Phoenix costume, I put together a Mara Jade cosplay. It was another success, but I was disappointed in how the fabric for the bodysuit wore thin after just a few wearings. I needed to get more control over the construction of my costumes. It was time to learn how to sew.
In 2013, with no experience under my belt except for a single local sewing class, I embarked on making a new bodysuit out of stretch vinyl for my Mara Jade costume. It was incredibly frustrating, but I kept hammering away at it until I had something that looked good enough to wear. I also made my first green Phoenix costume out of green metallic stretch Spandex. There were some problems there too (who knew that sewing an inset “V” was a geometry exercise?) but I managed to scrape things together again.
That was also the first year that I realized that most professional photographers didn't have much interest in taking photos of my cosplays and that hurt. My husband did, of course, and he is an excellent photographer. So did Andreas Schneider, who is absolutely amazing and I was so incredibly flattered when he chose two of my photos for the Cosplayers Canada SDCC magazine that he produces and sells. (Get a copy of the 2014 one for yourself. It showcases Andreas' stunning work with photos of over 300 cosplayers from San Diego Comic-Con.)
On the other hand, one photographer half-heartedly snapped off a few shots and made it quite clear that he was only interested in shooting hot chicks. Most other photographers didn't even look at me twice. I was never even up for consideration. They're looking for young, thin women and I just don't qualify.
It stings, but something else happened along the way: I was getting an incredible amount of support and positive feedback from women my own age, as well as many younger people, even those who do not cosplay themselves.
I decided that I wanted to have the same kind of support system in my hometown in Houston as many cosplayers based in Los Angeles have. I started Houston Cosplay. We haven't had many meetings, but we do have a Facebook page where we give each other advice and lend support. We're still small, but I'm proud of the fact that we're up to 45 members.
This year, 2014, I have to say I outdid myself. OK, actually, I overdid it. I had a new costume every day and honestly, that's kind of insane. Even professional cosplayers don't do that, but I do have to say that I am incredibly proud of what I accomplished. My sewing skills are better now. I remade my green Phoenix costume better and out of a colorfast fabric. (Sadly, the green faded out of the first one in just washing. Hours of work literally went down the drain. (Always wash a sample of your fabric before you make a costume out of it!)
A week ahead of SDCC, I threw together a “Doyouwanna Troi” cosplay from Robot Chicken's Star Trek: The Next Generation spoof “Night Crew.”
The day before SDCC, my husband and I did our first location shoot of my crossplay Malcolm Reynolds costume. Because I was busy with my other costumes, I commissioned a Lynda Carter-style Wonder Woman costume. My husband and I made the tiara and bracelets from Worbla. Finally, I altered a corset and made a lined cape for my Jean Grey Black Queen costume. (After wearing it at SDCC, I have to say that more of you young people need to read X-men: The Dark Phoenix Saga! I was mistaken for Selene twice, who is a later version of the Black Queen.)
Why go through all this time and expense at my age? Why not just grow up?
Well, being a grown-up is highly overrated, first of all. Grown-ups don't have enough fun, frankly.
Second, cosplay encourages me to work out and take good care of my skin, nails and teeth. I look good for 46 and many people think I'm in my 30s when we first meet.
Third, despite some of the snubs, cosplay has helped me build my self-confidence. It takes a whole lot of guts to stride confidently down a public street to a convention center in costume. The catcalls and jokes I hear along the way aren't “fun,” but I've learned to handle them with grace.
Fourth, I never feel more vital, energetic and young than when I'm in costume. It's an act of rebellion. There's a segment of society that discards older women and thinks they should be relegated to a role of caring for others. If you're a sexy older woman, you're denigrated as a “cougar,” like there must be some inherent immorality surrounding it. Cosplay is my way of giving the finger to those people.
It's not just older women who need to get the message of being vital and caring for themselves. I want younger women to know that there should be no fear of getting older. Whether or not you feel confident and sexy has everything to do with how you take care of yourself and whether you assert your right to be the person you want to be.
I still have confidence problems sometimes. There are some amazing groups cosplays that I'm never invited to. These are generally groups of younger, female cosplayers and I think I'm never invited to participate because they think I'm too old to fit in or maybe just not good enough. That's okay. It just means I need to work on putting together my own group, like the Night Crew cosplay that we did this year.
I'm still too heavy. I have 20 to 40 pounds to lose before I'm going to be entirely happy with myself again. I'm a food writer in Houston and keeping weight off can be challenging. Fat loves to settle on my hips and thighs. But I've stepped up my workout program and am I enjoying having a trimmer waist, flatter stomach and more toned arms than I've had in years.
When I hit 50, I'll focus on more age-appropriate cosplays. I already have some in mind: Catlyn Stark from Game of Thrones, “Dark Woman” from the Star Wars graphic novels and Molly Weasley from the Harry Potter movies. These women are all badasses and characters I will be proud to emulate. But I'm not quite there yet. For me, it's Spandex until I'm 50, and if you don't like it, tough.
Be sure to check out more of Phaedra's amazing cosplay work at her Facebook and Twitter pages.
Photography by Chuck Cook.
Written by Guest Contributor: Phaedra Cook
Why do anti-Labour cultists keep ranting on about assumed crimes against the people that have never taken place?
Last night, This Writer had to endure the ravings of SNP cultists who were adamant that Labour signed up to £30 billion of Tory austerity cuts when the Party supported the Charter for Budget Responsibility. This simply isn't true, as an examination of the Charter itself will prove. It's only 20 pages long, and many of them are blank, so it isn't exactly hard work.
The trouble is, the critics are as this blog has defined them – cultists. They're not interested in the facts; they want to publicise the lines they've been fed by their leaders. Nicola Sturgeon said in last week's televised leader debate that Labour supported £30 billion of austerity cuts, so to the cultists it must be true.
They are like the Catholic Church, when it imprisoned Galileo for claiming the Earth revolves around the sun. Fortunately for their sanity, the Catholics realised their mistake; it is doubtful the cultists ever will.
Last night, one of them claimed (wrongly) that in the Scottish leaders' debate, Labour's Jim Murphy had admitted that Labour has accepted the disputed amount of cuts: “OMG you obviously didn't see tonight debate they admitted it ! Live on TV Jim Murphy had to admit it because LiBDEms And tory leaders made him… He got pulled up by all parties on his lies.”
This Writer hadn't seen the debate (was at band practice instead), so had to check the news media for the facts – and found them in the Irish Times: “The Irish Times says he pulled Sturgeon up for lying about it: ‘You might get away with that in England but not here in Scotland.'”
Another cultist then took up the baton and tried quoting from the debate on the Charter for Budget Responsibility – the source of the claim that Labour supported £30 billion of austerity cuts (the claim is that, in supporting the Charter, Labour supported the Tory cuts). It is impossible to bring you a direct quote from this person as they have now blocked This Writer – a common tactic among those who can't accept their mistakes.
This writer's response was: “Try reading the charter instead… no mention of ‘£30 billion' or ‘cuts'… The £30 billion does not exist outside of George Osborne's own plans… If you read the Charter, you will see that @ UKLabour is absolutely correct to say the charter could be supported with no problem.”
The Charter itself – in the version debated in Parliament on January 13 – is available on the web here. It states:
“The Treasury's objectives for fiscal policy are to:
ensure sustainable public finances that support confidence in the economy, promote intergenerational fairness, and ensure the effectiveness of wider Government policy; and
support and improve the effectiveness of monetary policy in stabilising economic fluctuations.
The Treasury's mandate for fiscal policy for this Parliament, announced in the Budget on 22 June 2010, is:
a forward-looking target to achieve cyclically-adjusted current balance by the end of the rolling, five-year forecast period.
At this time of rapidly rising debt, the Treasury's mandate for fiscal policy is supplemented by:
a target for public sector net debt as a percentage of GDP to be falling at a fixed date of 2015-16, ensuring the public finances are restored to a sustainable path.
To ensure that expenditure on welfare remains sustainable, the Treasury's mandate for fiscal policy is further supplemented by:
the cap on welfare spending, at a level set out by the Treasury in the most recently published Budget report, over the rolling five-year forecast period, to ensure that expenditure on welfare is contained within a predetermined ceiling.”
No money figures are mentioned at all.
Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls capitalised on this in his speech during that day's debate: “Let me explain what is going on here. It is a three-year rolling target, so in 2015… the three-year target presumably refers to 2017-18, but in 2016 it is rolled forward to 2019 because that is three years later. In 2017, it rolls on to 2020 and in 2018 it rolls on to 2021.
“It is a three-year rolling target, so it rolls on, which means that the Chancellor could come back to the House in 2020 and say, ‘It is okay. Consistent with the charter, I am meeting the aim because I am balancing the current budget in 2023.' That is what this says and it is utterly ridiculous. It does not even sign him and his party up to balancing the current budget by the end of the next Parliament.
“The fact is that for all the boasts, the rhetoric and the talk of traps, in this new charter before the House it is not targeting but aims; it is not balancing the overall budget but the current budget; it is not an absolute commitment to deliver a surplus in the next Parliament, but an absolute commitment to a three-year rolling five-year target.
“The Chancellor has spent all of the past nine months telling everybody what a clever wheeze this is and, once again, it has totally backfired. It is less of a trap and more of a load of complete pony and trap.”
A “load of complete pony and trap” is exactly what all the talk of Labour supporting £30 billion of cuts is.
So what is Labour's plan? This blog has already outlined it, but for clarity here's the relevant information from the Vox Political article:
“The ‘Charter for Budget Responsibility' is highly elastic: it's not based on a firm commitment to reach balance in 2017-18,” states the Resolution Foundation… “Instead it represents a rolling ‘aim' of planning to reach current balance three years down the road.” The article adds: “Most economists are sceptical about how much difference it (the charter) will make.
“So what if Labour targets a current balance in 2019-20 instead? Based on current OBR assumptions this could be achieved with as little as £7 billion of fiscal consolidation in the four years to 2019-20 (including the cost of extra debt interest).”
Labour has made it clear that it plans to make only £7 billion of cuts. As this coincides exactly with the Resolution Foundation's figures for a 2019-20 budget balance, logic suggests that this is most likely to be what Ed Balls is planning.
So now you know. Anybody suggests Labour is planning huge, Tory-size, austerity cuts should be sent to this article and told to get a clue.
Follow me on Twitter: @MidWalesMike
Join the Vox Political Facebook page.
If you have enjoyed this article, don't forget to share it using the buttons at the bottom of this page. Politics is about everybody – so let's try to get everybody involved!
Vox Political needs your help!
If you want to support this site
(but don't want to give your money to advertisers)
you can make a one-off donation here:
Buy Vox Political books so we can continue
providing you with facts you can trust.
Health Warning: Government! is now available
in either print or eBook format here:
The first collection, Strong Words and Hard Times,
is still available in either print or eBook format here:
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Print
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Although production has been underway on the latest James Bond adventure for some time, there's a late-minute addition to the cast today as EON Productions, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Sony Pictures Entertainment have announced that Stephanie Sigman has signed on for Spectre, playing a mysterious character currently known only as “Estrella.”
Directed by the Academy Award winning Sam Mendes (Skyfall, American Beauty), Spectre also stars Daniel Craig (Casino Royale, Munich), Ben Wishaw (Perfume: The Story of a Murderer, I'm Not There), Naomie Harris (Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom, 28 Weeks Later), Ralph Fiennes (The Grand Budapest Hotel, The Invisible Woman), Christoph Waltz (Django Unchained, Inglourious Basterds), Monica Bellucci (Irreversible, Malena), David Bautista (Guardians of the Galaxy, The Man with the Iron Fists), Léa Seydoux (Inglourious Basterds, Blue is the Warmest Color), Andrew Scott (Locke, “Sherlock”) and Rory Kinnear (Quantum of Solace, The Imitation Game).
In the movie, a cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organisation. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE.
SPECTRE (SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion), as Bond fans know, is a fictional global terrorist organization featured in Ian Fleming's novels, as well as the films and video games based on those novels. The organization was led by the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld, although the cast is definitely playing it coy about whether or not Blofeld will actually appear in the new film.
Sigman, who is set to star on the upcoming series “Narcos,” is best known for roles in films like Miss Bala and Pioneer.
Spectre, written by John Logan and Neal Purvis & Robert Wade, hits theaters on November 6, 2015.
15 Career Mistakes
I've written other newsletter articles about careers (see the links throughout this article as well as at the end of the article), but until now I've never specifically written an article about career mistakes. I think the subject has been too personal – I've made a lot of these career mistakes myself, and it's hard for me to admit my failures. But in the interest of helping others avoid some of the mistakes I've made, I've decided to go ahead and create a list of the major career mistakes that I've made or that I've seen other people in IT make. Let me know if you think of other mistakes that should also be on the list.
1. Focusing too much of your time on things you're not good at
I wrote an entire newsletter article on why you need to specialize, so I won't repeat myself. Read the article.
2. Talking to non-technical people using technical language
I wrote a newsletter article on this one too. Read the article.
3. When you're trying to sell, focusing on features rather than benefits
This is a variation on Number 2, and it's a major pitfall for IT people. As I said in my book, the most common IT mistakes are doing the wrong things – not doing things wrong. We tend to focus on how things are done, and so it's very common for presentations made by IT people to the business to list a lot of features of our solution. We talk about things like the hardware, operating system, network and software we're going to use, together with the features of all that stuff: high MTBF, low latency, and other technical terms that drive business people batty.
Forget all that descriptive information! Tell the business people what's important to them, things like “customers will be able to access our web site 24 hours a day,” “the time for salespeople to enter an order will be cut in half,” or “our inventory requirements will be reduced by 30%.” These are benefits of our IT systems, and the benefits are much more important than features.
4. Thinking that being good technically is enough
It is enough if you want to stay in your same job for the rest of your career, and if you're lucky enough to be in a job that won't be outsourced, offshored, or made obsolete by changing technology. For everyone else, it's important to understand that jobs require people skills, and you need to develop some of those skills even if you don't want to move into management or become a CIO. See my newsletter article, “10 Rules for IT Job Success” for more information.
5. Not networking outside your company
I realize how difficult it is to take the time to get outside the day-to-day needs of your own organization. Notice that I said “take the time” – some people say “find the time” and I can guarantee that the time to do this will never be “found.” This is one of those things that you have to force yourself to do. But please force yourself, because it's important. It's important to your career because you need to maintain contacts with people in other companies in case you need to make a job change. And it's important to your success in your current job because you need the perspective that comes from seeing similar problems from the point of view of people in other companies.
Some networking can be achieved by attending national conferences or training programs. But I also recommend regular networking with people in similar jobs in your city. Join local chapters of organizations like the Society for Information Management; they do a wonderful job of getting people together to discuss shared issues.
6. Not getting everything you can out of every training opportunity
It's easy to go through the motions when you're sent to a training class that doesn't interest you. But think of every training class as an opportunity – no matter what the subject. Open your mind to new ideas, and try to figure out ways to use the things you learn in your day-to-day life.
And don't ignore the networking opportunities in training classes. Many classes include a mix of people from different locations, different jobs, and different companies. Take the opportunity to compare jobs, talk to people with other backgrounds, and get a different perspective on your career and your life.
7. Not having a mentor
I've had various mentors throughout my career. Sometimes it's easy to find one; there's a friendly experienced person nearby. In other environments it's difficult, and you feel like you're all alone. But whatever your situation, make the effort to find a mentor. If you're in a technical job, then the mentor might be a more experienced technical person. As you climb the career ladder, you'll find that a better mentor can be found outside of your department – someone who can advise you on the people issues rather than the technical challenges. You can formalize a mentoring relationship, but even an informal mentor – someone you can go to for advice and counsel – is a big help.
8. Forgetting who you work for
I don't mean your immediate boss. I mean your company and its stockholders, or if you work for a nonprofit then the people who derive benefit from your nonprofit. There are a couple of reasons why it's important to remember that these “stakeholders” are who you really work for. First, you'll find that the lower you are in the organization chart, the more likely it is that people will ask you to do things that don't make sense from the stakeholders' viewpoint. Sometimes these instructions will have been garbled in their translation through the organizational hierarchy, much like a message is garbled when relaying it from person to person in the telephone game. Sometimes the instructions are the result of a misunderstanding of alternatives, maybe because someone with a non-technical background made a technical decision. In either case, it's your duty to bring the problem to the attention of your boss (do it diplomatically, please), and to try to reconcile the intent of the stakeholders with the instructions that you've been given. And although a few bosses may resent your questioning their instructions, most will appreciate your focus on what's really important.
Ethics are the second reason to remember that you really work for your stakeholders. Newspapers from the last few years are full of stories about companies where individuals acted in their own best interests instead of the best interests of the stakeholders. Many of these individuals have gone to jail, but even if they didn't, it's a sure bet that their careers hit a major stumbling block. It's important that you don't follow in their footsteps.
9. Not delegating
It's difficult to give up things that you're good at. Yet one of the rites of passage when being promoted from a lower-level job to a higher-level job is to give up detailed responsibility for doing some of the things that you've been doing in the lower-level job. A higher-level job requires you to focus on different issues, and you can't focus on these new issues in addition to your previous responsibilities. There's not enough time, and so you'll have to delegate responsibility for the lower-level issues to someone else. People who don't understand this are like a person with one foot on a dock and one foot on a boat that's moving away from the dock. You have to choose which foot to move, or you'll fall in the water.
10. Punishing people who make mistakes, instead of teaching them
Along with the responsibility for delegation is the responsibility for teaching. One of the basic truths underlying teaching is that the student will make mistakes. It's the teacher's job to help the student learn from the mistakes – not just punish the student. As you move up in an organization, you'll be responsible for more and more teaching. Your role likely won't be called a teacher, but the goals are the same: help people learn to do better.
11. Not blowing your own horn
People who get little recognition often wonder why. It's usually because they don't make enough of an effort to bring their accomplishments to the attention of others. I'm not talking about bragging here; but it's important that others know of your successes. When you accomplish something, make sure others know. Put the accomplishment in terms of benefits (see Number 3), and make it clear that you were responsible for achieving those benefits. If others were involved, credit them as well. In fact, a great strategy to get attention for your own accomplishments is to highlight the accomplishments of others who worked with you or for you. You may be calling attention to others, but it will be obvious to everyone that you deserve recognition as well.
12. Not changing jobs when the time is right
It's tempting to stay in your rut, doing the same thing day after day because it's comfortable. Yes, there's risk involved when you change jobs, but there are incredible benefits to be gained. Look at a change with hope – not with dread.
13. Thinking of your job as something you do rather than as a process to be improved
Even if you stay in the same job for a while, there's no reason that you have to keep things the way they are. Take a good look at what you do from other perspectives. Is there something that could be eliminated? Something that could be automated? Some part of your job that should be outsourced? Try to find ways to help your company (see Number 8 above) accomplish the results of your job better, and you'll often find that you'll be rewarded with an even better job.
14. Equating your career with your life
Life is about more than your career. So no matter what happens at work, don't let it affect your real life: your family, your friends, your community. You have to keep your career in perspective. It's a part of your life – an important part – but it's not all there is. Balance your life and your career, and you'll find that you do better at both.
15. Not learning from your mistakes
After you finish each project, or periodically – maybe at the end of each month or so – ask yourself two questions: 1. What did I do well that I need to do again? 2. What could I have done better? Learn from your answers.
Conclusion
Life is a series of mistakes, from our first attempt at walking, through school, and throughout our career. Making mistakes – and seeing the mistakes that others make – is the way we learn, and through learning we make our lives better. Learn from the mistakes I've listed here, and have a better career and a better life.
Related Postings and Articles:
Slaven Bilic is dreaming of enjoying another ‘special' afternoon at White Hart Lane on Sunday
Slaven Bilic is dreaming of enjoying another ‘special' afternoon at White Hart Lane on Sunday.
Bilic made his West Ham United debut as a player in a 1-0 Premier League victory at Tottenham Hotspur back in January 1996.
Nearly two decades on and he takes the Hammers to north London as a manager for the first time, knowing full well that the Claret and Blue Army are desperate to secure the local bragging rights once again.
"It is a special game and it was special when I used to play for West Ham,” said the gaffer, who welcomes Diafra Sakho, Alex Song and Pedro Obiang back from injury this weekend. “My first game was Spurs away and we won 1-0 and Dani the Portuguese player scored!
"It's a special game, yes. It's a cliche that every game is for three points but there are some games that are more special to the fans and they are derby games, and this one is definitely one of them.
"Some are saying this is the game of the season for West Ham. I wouldn't say that, but it is a special game and you can that feel around the camp this week and we're looking forward to it, of course. We are waiting for it big time."
Bilic and the Hammers will have to make do without the injured Dimitri Payet at Spurs, with the France star having suffered a high ankle sprain in the 1-1 home draw with Everton prior to the international break.
While the media and some supporters are afraid of what life without Payet will bring, the manager is hoping his squad is strong enough to cater for the playmaker's absence.
“Well, you don't have to be the West Ham manager to know he is very important for us,” he continued. “On the one hand, West Ham is not only Dimitri Payet, but he is our best player and the most important player for us, especially when we have the ball.
“His impact, not only on West Ham but on the Premier League, has been huge and he is important for us when it comes to scoring goals, assists and keeping the ball. We are going to miss him, definitely, and it's a big loss for us. It was a simply a very, very bad tackle from the Everton player.
“We are going to miss him, but we are not going to play with ten players. To be honest, it is difficult to replace him because he is irreplaceable. That's why he is Payet. He is one of those players who make the team better.
“We are going to see how we're going to look without him. It's a question mark for me as well. On the other hand, we are not only Payet. We now have a lot of quality players and those who play will have to share that burden, step up and do more for us to ensure we feel his absence less.”
We now have a lot of quality players and those who play will have to share that burden, step up and do more for us to ensure we feel his absence less
The return of Premier League action is the start of a four-month period of almost non-stop football between now and the next international break in March.
With the busy Christmas and New Year period approaching, Bilic says the coming slate of games will decide how successful the Hammers are this season.
"Every part of the season is a key part,” he stated. “This is the Premier League and it's very demanding and you have to be on your toes and concentrated in August, September, December, March, whenever…
“We are in a good position at this time, but it's only a start. It's good to have a good amount of points at this stage and we are confident. Of course, it's now November and December when things can change the other way around, but we are approaching this period with our eyes wide open.
“We know what we have to do on a daily basis and in games to maintain our position and to improve.”
In closing, the manager endorsed the decision to play La Marseillaise – the French national anthem – prior to kick-off on Sunday in tribute to those affected by the recent terror attacks in Paris.
“We have a French player in Payet, of course, and we are all very sad about what happened in Paris,” he confirmed. “We are sorry for all the people who died and for their families. We are proud that before every game the Marseillaise will be played.
“We can show through sport that people are united in the face of this."
Republicans and even some Democrats have accused President Obama of being insufficiently engaged in the border crisis. (Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images)
Until now, the politics of immigration have been seen as a no-lose proposition for President Obama and the Democrats. If they could get a comprehensive overhaul passed, they would win. And if Republicans blocked it, the GOP would further alienate crucial Hispanic and moderate voters.
But with the current crisis on the Southwest border, where authorities have apprehended tens of thousands of unaccompanied Central American children since October, that calculus may be shifting.
Republicans and even some Democrats have accused Obama of being insufficiently engaged in a calamity that many says he should have seen coming.
And the president's own party is deeply divided over what must be done now — particularly on the sensitive question of deporting children who have traveled thousands of miles and turned themselves in to U.S. authorities to escape from the desperate
situations they faced in countries such as Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador.
The emergency has also renewed questions about the administration's competence, reminiscent of those raised during the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, last year's botched rollout of the health-care law and more recent revelations of mismanagement that jeopardized care of patients at veterans hospitals.
Obama's goal now is to make clear to adults in Central America that there is no payoff for sending their children on the dangerous journey northward, said Cecilia Muñoz, the White House domestic policy director. “He feels intensely a responsibility to prevent an even greater humanitarian crisis,” she said.
That, however, means speeding the deportation of most of those who have already arrived, which many in Obama's own party are resisting.
“It is contrary to everything we stand for as a people to try to summarily send children back to death . . . in a place where drug gangs are the greatest threat to stability, rule of law and democratic institutions in this hemisphere,” Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) said in Nashville, where the National Governors Association was meeting.
Rep. Beto O'Rourke (D-Tex.) agreed in an interview: “I would like to see him place greater emphasis on the interests of these children who are refugees from extreme violence and instability in their home countries” instead of “an acceleration of the deportation process at the expense of these children.”
But O'Rourke added that he has been surprised by the anger he has heard toward the immigrants from many of his El Paso constituents, who “feel like we can't take care of everyone, and these children and their families are gaming the system.”
Not so long ago, the young faces that galvanized the immigration debate were of those dubbed the “dreamers.” Hundreds of thousands of them had been brought to the country illegally by their parents when they were children and found themselves in danger of deportation through no fault of their own.
In June 2012, Obama issued an executive order that those who met certain requirements be allowed to remain in the country and to work. The president said it would make the system “more fair, more efficient and more just” in light of the Republican-led House's refusal to pass the Dream Act, which would have put the immigrants on a path to citizenship.
View Graphic Sudden surge in unaccompanied children at border
Now, the plight of another group of children has become a grim reminder that even the best-intended policies can produce unforeseen consequences.
A 2008 anti-trafficking law that passed Congress nearly unanimously and was signed by President George W. Bush gave new protections to children who were not from neighboring Canada or Mexico, stipulating that their asylum requests be fully adjudicated if they were picked up for being in the country illegally.
Administration officials say smugglers have exploited that statute and the long judicial processes that resulted from it, persuading Central American parents to risk sending their children on a dangerous journey to the United States in hopes that they would be able to stay permanently.
Republicans argue that Obama himself sent a signal that the borders were open to younger immigrants when he issued his 2012 executive order.
There is also the question of whether the Obama administration ignored the signs as the emergency was developing.
As far back as May 2012, Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) warned Obama in a letter that “there is a surge of unaccompanied illegal minors entering the United States. Apart from being part of an obvious humanitarian crisis, these unaccompanied illegal minors have left the federal government scrambling to triage the results of its failed border security and immigration policies.”
At last week's governors meeting, Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad (R) said the administration was “asleep at the switch.”
Some border-state Democrats have joined the criticism.
“The numbers have spiked recently, but this is not a new development,” said Rep. Ron Barber (D-Ariz.). “It seems to me that the administration just wasn't paying close attention and could have acted sooner.”
Barber noted that 30 percent of apprehensions of illegal immigrants are made in his Tucson-area district, as are up to 47 percent of cartel drug-running arrests. His constituents, who already live in fear for their safety, are now seeing law enforcement agents diverted to child care.
“They're doing a great job, but it's not their job, and it's allowed the front line to be thinned even further,” Barber added.
Muñoz, the White House policy director, insisted in an interview that the numbers of unaccompanied minors did not become unmanageable until May, at which point Obama mobilized the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate a response from federal agencies and state and local governments.
While there have been waves of unaccompanied minors in recent years, the most recent surge “was different dramatically, and the minute it was clear that the numbers were looking differently, the president acted,” Muñoz said.
Yet even some Democrats say Obama has not appeared to be as engaged as they would like.
When the president made a fundraising swing through Texas without going to the scene of the crisis, Rep. Henry Cuellar (D-Tex.) complained on MSNBC: “He can't even go 242 miles to the Texas border? Border community leaders want to see him down there on the border. And I think the optics and the substance of it is that he should show up at the border.”
But Rep. Pete Gallego, a Texas Democrat whose district includes more than 40 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border, said he was less concerned about Obama skipping a Rio Grande Valley photo opportunity than he is about a lack of engagement in Washington.
Obama's request for $3.7 billion in emergency funding has been met with skepticism on Capitol Hill. In an interview, Gallego urged Obama to summon congressional leaders to the White House to begin negotiations to get something passed.
“Rather than going to the border, I'd rather he invites some people over and start a conversation about how we are going forward,” Gallego said in an interview. “How do you defend inaction in the face of crisis? How is that defensible for anybody?”
Meanwhile, the tensions among the president's allies have grown.
Obama called comprehensive immigration reform his top priority after winning reelection in 2012 with more than 70 percent of the vote among Latinos and Asian Americans. And the prospects for an overhaul of border-control laws appeared favorable, as leading Republicans acknowledged that their party needed to make inroads with those fast-growing voting blocs.
In June 2013, the Senate passed a comprehensive bill that would provide a path to citizenship for the nation's 11 million to 12 million immigrants in the country illegally. But a year of pressure from the Obama administration, Democrats and immigration advocates failed to convince House Republicans to take up the bill.
As the effort stalled in the House, advocates turned their attention — and anger — toward Obama, demanding that he use executive authority to stem deportations, which take place at the pace of more than 1,000 a day. One prominent immigration leader referred to Obama as the “deporter-in-chief,” prompting the president to summon activists to the White House for a dressing-down in March.
Two weeks ago, with Republicans criticizing the administration's handling of the border crisis, Obama gathered advocates for another private meeting at the White House.
The session grew heated when some of them criticized the administration's tough posture toward the children on the border, according to several people who attended.
Marshall Fitz, immigration policy director at the Center for American Progress, said that Obama, a former community organizer, told the group that “in another life, I'd be on the other side of the table.”
“The longer this debate goes on, the more both parties have to lose by not addressing it,” said Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration Forum. “It's not like a pendulum. It's like a wrecking ball . . . just boom, boom, boom, boom.”
“The most important thing is, the president has to bring this crisis to a humane and resolute end — quickly,” said Simon Rosenberg, founder of the New Democrat Network, a think tank that has focused on the growing importance of Hispanic voters. “If you want immigration reform to pass soon — whatever ‘soon' is — it is crucial that the government's response to this crisis goes well, and the president has to do everything he can.”
Rep. Raúl M. Grijalva of Arizona, another Democrat who has called on Obama to visit the Texas border to view the situation firsthand, said the way the president handles the border crisis will leave an imprint on his legacy among the Hispanic voters who were so important to his reelection and remain a key to the future of the Democratic Party.
Latinos blame Republicans for the failure of comprehensive reform, he said, but now they want to “see who's standing with us.”
Dan Balz contributed to this report from Nashville.
Theresa May has rejected a request for government funds to buy water cannon, letter to Boris Johnson reveals
Met police want water cannon ready to use in Britain by summer
Britain's biggest police force wants water cannon ready to be used on the streets of mainland Britain by this summer, official letters reveal.
The documents also show that a request for the government to fund the controversial purchase has been rejected by the home secretary, Theresa May.
Public consultations on the deployment of water cannon will begin within weeks and a formal decision made next month.
Water cannon have not previously been available to police on mainland Britain, and their use has been limited to Northern Ireland.
In a letter sent on Monday by Boris Johnson to May, the London mayor explains his reasoning, saying it is a direct result of the 2011 riots that started in London before spreading, becoming the most serious and widespread riots to hit England in decades.
Ultimately the home secretary has final say on the acquisition of water cannon for use in mainland Britain. Critics warn it is a step towards the militarisation of the police and could be used to stifle the democratic right to protest.
In his letter, dated 6 January 2014, Johnson writes: "Following the disorder in August 2011, both the Metropolitan police service and Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary stated that there are some circumstances where water cannon may be of use in future.
"Following briefing by the [Met] commissioner I am broadly convinced of the value of having water cannon available to the MPS [Metropolitan police service] for those circumstances where its absence would lead to greater disorder or the use of more extreme force."
The Met commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, has pledged that water cannon would be "rarely used and rarely seen", the letter says.
His letter to May, Johnson then discusses funding: "Finally, I am aware that you have declined to make funds available for purchasing the interim water cannon solution as a national asset.
"Subject to the public engagement process … I am happy to make the necessary funds available to the MPS for the most economical interim solution that allows the commissioner to meet his desire to prevent disorder on the streets. I would expect to do this in February, following the [public] engagement."
The latter adds that there is public support for the deployment of water cannon.
In another letter, written on Tuesday by Stephen Greenhalgh, deputy mayor for policing, says a formal decision to go ahead with water cannon will be made next month.
Greenhalgh wants public consultation to begin within weeks, which will involve public meetings and talks with MPs, councillors and what he describes as "stakeholders".
The mayor's office says water cannon would only be used in "the most extreme circumstances".
Greenhalgh's letter was written to Labour's Joanne McCartney, chair of the London assembly's police and crime committee.
The letter says: "In order to ensure that water cannon is available by next summer, something which the commissioner has been calling for, it is important that the process of engagement starts soon."
The Green party London assembly member Lady Jones said: "Allowing water cannon on the streets of London is a step in the wrong direction towards arming our police like a military force, and it goes against our great tradition of an unarmed police service.
"People have a democratic right to protest and my fear is that once the mayor allows these weapons on to our streets we will see them being used against people exercising their legal right to protest."
It is believed the Met are in talks with German companies about supplying water cannon in time for this summer.
The Met has approached companies about hiring or buying second-hand water cannon from overseas to have the machines available as soon as possible.
The Met is interested in acquiring around three units.
In a letter to Jones, assistant commissioner Mark Rowley detailed the training required. He wrote in July 2013 that no more than 20 staff would need to be trained in the use of water cannon and another 200 riot officers would need to be trained in how to quell disorder while working alongside water cannons.
Rowley's letter said the use of water cannon would require authorisation by an officer of the rank of commander.
The home secretary has already signalled her sympathy for the controversial tactic.
Some within the Met have privately told the Guardian they are sceptical about the need and effectiveness of water cannon on London's streets. They say streets here are much narrower than in Europe, where water cannon are already in use, thus making them less effective and potentially vulnerable to capture. They also say water cannon fire jets that could prove indiscriminate and strike innocent members of a crowd.
ENEMIES, FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC: The pro-regime Iranian Revolutionary Guard executed 13 regime soldiers in Daraa over the weekend after accusing them of “treason” and profiting from trade with rebels in the area, reported pro-opposition news agency Nabia Media Foundation.
The soldiers were charged with giving key military information to rebels that led to heavy losses for the pro-regime forces.
The execution of the soldiers, including a regime officer, comes in the wake of a major attack on Daraa that the regime launched last week to retake the province.
The attack is being led by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, Lebanese Hezbollah and Shiite Afghani forces, while the Syrian army reportedly has little presence on the battlefield, according to pro-opposition news agency Syria Mubasher.
“The battle is ongoing, and the regime continues to control [the town of] Deir Adas while bombing the areas around it,” an activist in Daraa told Syria Direct on Sunday.
Deir Adas, located between southern Damascus and northern Daraa, has been the site of some of the fiercest battles in the last week.
As many as 5,000 Iranian and Hezbollah fighters are reportedly participating in the battle for southern Syria, said the monitoring group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
There are also rumors that the well-known Iranian general Qasem Suleimani is directing the strategy for the pro-regime forces, although the news could not be independently confirmed.
In related news, two high-ranking Iranian officers were also killed in the weekend's fighting, reported Dubai-based news agency Al-Arabiya.
Pro-opposition news agencies circulated this picture of the slain commanders over social media this weekend.
The regime attack in Daraa was prompted by the fall of Liwa 82, one of the largest regime bases, and the nearby town of Sheikh Miskeen in late January after months of fighting between the two sides.
By taking Liwa 82 and Sheikh Miskeen, rebels in Daraa, led by the US-backed Southern Front brigade, aim to sever the supply road between Damascus and Daraa city before advancing on the nation's capital.
-February 15, 2015
-Photo courtesy of @eldorar1.
For more from Syria Direct, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
Angular — building Apps using Flux
Gerard Sans Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 18, 2015
How to integrate Flux in your AngularJS Applications
Flux is an architecture made famous by Facebook and React. It is based on known design patterns like the Observer and the Command Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS), so it provides a solid base to create complex applications.
In this article we are going to use a basic shopping cart application to showcase Flux.
Use the links below to hack the final solution:
Demo | Source
Follow me on Twitter for latest updates @gerardsans.
Introduction to Flux
Before going into details, let's briefly list the potential benefits of using Flux with Angular:
clear separation between application-state and ui-state
and standardised approach, nice to have for complex projects
predictable, protection from side-effects due to cascading two-way data-bindings
Not every project can benefit from Flux so it's a good idea to evaluate it before adopting it for your project.
Flux main goal is to provide a one-way data flow
Flux unidirectional flow
Let's see what are the responsibilities for each component on the diagram above.
Actions
These represent actions, either originated by user interactions or the server, that are going to interact with the underlying data, called stores. Action Creators are components containing helper methods that dispatch specific actions. These helper methods just prepare the payload for the Dispatcher.
Asynchronous operations are handled using actions.
Dispatcher
The Dispatcher acts as a central hub for all data flow. It's main goal is distributing the actions payloads to stores. It's basically a message system. Every store has to register itself using a callback. All registered stores are notified on every action using this callback.
The main methods are:
dispatch(object payload) — Dispatches a payload to all registered callbacks. Used on Action Creators.
Dispatches a payload to all registered callbacks. Used on Action Creators. register(function callback) — Registers a callback to be invoked with every dispatched payload. Used on stores.
You can find more information of Facebook's Dispatcher here.
Stores
Stores are singletons containing the application state and logic for a specific domain. This can be viewed as a traditional model in MVC but is not restricted to a single object. Stores emit changes to the views using events.
Stores should only handle synchronous operations.
Views
These are the regular views in MVC. In an Angular context, the view will be always paired with a scope. Views can either initiate actions or read the state from stores after being notified. Views register to store changes to show updates.
Flux dependencies
In our example we are going to use the following dependencies:
Dispatcher — Facebook Dispatcher included in Flux. We wrapped the Dispatcher into a Service for convenience inside a Browserify standalone bundle.
standalone bundle. EventEmitter — Node's implementation of events. Required to communicate changes to the View from the Store. Note we can't use a Service in this case as we need a different instance for each store. Also note we could use $broadcast/$emit but store events are independent and not related to scopes in any way.
Include these dependencies to your index.html or application bundle.
Shopping cart example
Let's create a basic shopping cart functionality to demonstrate how we can integrate Flux with AngularJS. The application will allow us to add and remove items while calculating the total.
We will start with the CartStore. This store will hold the list of items the user has added together with its quantity.
CartStore
See below the general structure for our store. We will use the EventEmitter to communicate changes to the view. First we will register a callback on the Dispatcher so we can respond to actions triggered by the user.
module
.factory(“CartStore”, function (Dispatcher, Actions) {
var event = new EventEmitter(),
dispatchToken,
cartItems = [];
// Dispatcher Callback Registration
dispatchToken = Dispatcher.register(function(action) {
switch(action.type){
case Actions.CART_ADD_ITEM:
addItem(action.data);
//notify change
event.emit('change');
break;
...
}
});
// public read-only API
return {
getItems: getItems,
event: event,
dispatchToken: dispatchToken
};
//helper functions
function addItem(item){}
function removeItem(item){}
}
The action.type must match the payload on the Action Creator. In order to do that, we will create an Actions service to hold all the action tokens for the application.
module
.factory("Actions", function () {
var options = {
CART_ADD_ITEM: "CART_ADD_ITEM",
CART_REMOVE_ITEM: "CART_REMOVE_ITEM"
};
return options;
});
After calling addItem we will notify the view emitting a change event with event.emit. Note that the ‘change' token must match the one in the View.
Stores API are always read-only and composed by the method to retrieve the state getItems together with the supporting event and dispatchToken (optional, used to set precedence for stores if necessary).
These are the main methods of our store.
function addItem(item) {
var items = cartItems.filter(function(i) {
return i.data.id == item.id;
});
if (items.length === 0) {
cartItems.push({
qty: 1,
data: item
});
} else {
items[0].qty += 1;
}
}
function removeItem(item) {
var index = cartItems.indexOf(item);
if (index>=0) {
cartItems.splice(index, 1);
}
}
When adding an item, we check if it's already on the shopping cart, if not, we add it; otherwise we increment its quantity. When removing an item, we will remove it from the cart altogether.
CartActions
Our CartStore will receive specific actions dispatched from CartActions, an Action Creator module.
//Action Creator Module
module.factory(“CartActions”, function (Dispatcher, Actions) {
return {
//specific action
addItem: function(item) {
Dispatcher.dispatch({
type: Actions.CART_ADD_ITEM,
data: item
});
}
};
});
For the addItem action we implemented Dispatcher.dispatch passing the action type and the item as the payload. As before, we used the Actions service to facilitate maintaining unique tokens throughout the application.
👮 run asynchronous operations in Action Creators
View
Our view will be composed by two sections:
Product catalog — product list
— product list Shopping cart — products and quantities added plus the total
We will be able to add products to the cart or remove them.
From our controller we will trigger the actions and receive updates from our store. This is a simplified version for the catalog section.
// index.html
<h1>Catalog</h1>
<div ng-repeat="item in mc.catalogItems">
<span>{{item.title}}</span>
<span>{{item.cost}}</span>
<button ng-click="mc.addItem(item)">Add to Cart</button>
</div>
When the users click on ‘Add to Cart' it will invoke addItem in the controller. We create a copy for the item to avoid changes from the store.
// trigger addItem action
function addItem(item){
CartActions.addItem(angular.copy(item));
}
In order to be notified of updates we will register a callback to update the cartItems array being used to display the cart items. Find the simplified version for the cart section below.
<h1>Shopping Cart</h1>
<div ng-repeat="item in mc.cartItems">
<span>{{item.data.title}}</span>
<span>{{item.qty}}</span>
<span>{{item.qty*item.data.cost}}</span>
<button ng-click="mc.removeItem(item)">x</button>
</div>
<div ng-if="mc.total">Total: {{mc.total}}</div>
In order to respond to changes we used the EventEmitter instance in our API. The ‘change' token must match the one used on the store. For consistency we recommend using the same for all stores.
// register callback to respond to updates from store
CartStore.event.on('change', cartUpdated);
// deregister on $destroy (clean-up)
$scope.$on('$destroy', function(){
CartStore.event.removeListener(cartUpdated);
});
function cartUpdated(){
vm.cartItems = CartStore.getItems();
vm.total = vm.cartItems.reduce(function(last, item){
return last + (item.qty*item.data.cost);
}, 0);
}
Any time the cart is updated, the change event will be triggered. On our callback we retrieve the latest cart state and calculate its total.
🐒Use Array.reduce to calculate things the functional way
We covered all the main blocks to build a basic Angular Application using Flux. Hope you are now able to understand Flux and maybe use it in your next project. The final solution is available here.
Thanks for reading! Have any questions? Ping me on Twitter @gerardsans.
Resources
For long stretches during her childhood, Kayla Wiens would go without seeing her dad. He was a cook in the military, deploying on sea tours and to war-battered Bosnia, Croatia and the Persian Gulf.
Over time, the father of three started having trouble with his mental health. He'd get worked up over silly things, lose his temper and then shut down. After retiring from the Canadian Forces in 2015 – a year after he was on a warship when its engine room erupted in fire – Dwight Wiens was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. But he had to battle to get the help he needed.
Watching her father struggle for medical assistance made Ms. Wiens feel like her whole family was being cast aside. But a new scholarship program for children of military parents coping with PTSD shows them that they matter, she said.
Story continues below advertisement
"Growing up in a military family is not the easiest thing in the world," said the 17-year-old college student from Sooke, B.C. "You don't see your dad for months on end. You never know if he's going to come home."
The Wounded Warriors Canada scholarship fund, created this year, is the first in the country to focus solely on helping the children of military members affected by PTSD or other mental illnesses linked to their service. Ms. Wiens is one of eight students chosen to receive $5,000 for the school year. The award has greatly eased her financial stress as she begins paying for a four-year athletic and exercise therapy program at Camosun College in Victoria.
For her father, the scholarship represents recognition. Most other forms of military education aid are for children of the deceased.
"They honour the people who have died, but have forgotten about the people at home," he said, choking back tears. "There are lots of people out there that are hurt, that need the help, that aren't being recognized."
The Wounded Warriors scholarship is also available to children who lost a military parent to suicide. When The Globe and Mail surveyed 22 private and government education-assistance programs available to children of deceased veterans in the spring, it found that only two – Canada Company and the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology's Fallen Heroes Scholarship – did not extend to deaths by suicide.
Since then, both Canada Company and NAIT have changed their rules. Canada Company, a charity created during the country's involvement in the Afghanistan war, expanded its scholarship program to include suicide in June. NAIT revealed to The Globe last weekSept. 8 that it will start in January accepting scholarship applications from students whose parent died by suicide and whose death was linked to service in the military, police, firefighting or paramedic work.
"We review programs on a regular basis, and recognize scholarship criteria can evolve," Mike Meldrum, associate vice-president of advancement at the Edmonton-based school, said in a statement. "We're pleased to acknowledge the needs of all immediate family members of fallen heroes, including those lives lost to suicide."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Wounded Warriors executive director Scott Maxwell said the organization wants to keep growing its scholarship fund, valued at $40,000, to help as many children and their families as possible. He said the applicants' stories were heart-wrenching. Many are "walking on eggshells, not sure what mom or dad [they're] going to wake up to the next day."
Scholarship recipient Calissa Daly's father joined the military when he was 17 – the same age she is now, in her first year at Acadia University in Nova Scotia. Her father deployed to Cyprus, three times to Bosnia and twice to Afghanistan, where he was part of the Canadian military's intelligence team. He was medically released from the Forces in 2014 and has been diagnosed with PTSD.
He and his wife, a nurse, have tried to shield their three children from his recurring nightmares and temper flare-ups.
"He is my favourite person in the world," Ms. Daly said, her voice cracking with emotion. "I think I appreciate him more because of this. I just realized how strong he was, dealing with [PTSD] and still coming to all my curling games, all my rugby games. Still being present and being a family guy."
The deal adds to an already wide-ranging portfolio of Chicago sports marketing investments for Wintrust, which has been on a quest to raise its profile in Chicago. The bank is one of the largest sponsors of the Chicago Cubs, has a partnership with the White Sox and last year purchased an entitlement sponsorship to the Race to Mackinac.
Title rights to the new arena will give the bank another major Chicago asset to leverage in touting its more than 150 locations across Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin. The bank is second only to Northern Trust among Chicago's largest locally headquartered banks by assets.
"Part of the objective here is to say, 'we're a major player in banking in Chicago and we're going to express that by making a commitment to Chicago sports,'" said Jim Andrews, senior vice president at sponsorship consulting firm IEG. "Putting a name on a building is a very good way to do that. It's above and beyond just being an official sponsor."
DePaul retains revenue from naming rights at the arena, game day sponsorships and other sources because it is splitting the $164 million construction cost of the building with the Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, the government agency known as McPier that will own and operate the facility. The school last year signed a 50-year lease. to play its men's and women's basketball games and hold other events such as commencement there.
Legends pitched the venue to potential naming rights partners as hosting between 50 and 70 events per year and having a projected 500,000 people come through its doors annually.
Achieving that attendance goal will hinge on far more people showing up to DePaul basketball games than the number seen at Allstate Arena in Rosemont today.
The Blue Demons would have to nearly quadruple their annual men's basketball attendance to meet the lofty estimate of 9,500 fans per game made by McPier. DePaul last season averaged fewer than 2,400 fans per game.
McPier officials have said they are aiming to attract more than 60 events per year to the building, including 29 DePaul events. They also hope to recruit a mix of concerts, amateur sporting events and small and midsize trade shows to the building.
The authority has touted the new arena as the centerpiece of an effort to spur an entertainment district around its convention center, hoping it will result in more visitors staying in its Hyatt hotel and a new 1,206-room Marriott hotel it is building next to the arena.
Update, 3:00 p.m.:
There is a lot more to the partnership than just naming rights to the building, DePaul and Wintrust officials said at an event this afternoon formally announcing the deal. But they were short on specifics.
Wintrust CEO Ed Wehmer called the deal a "two-way street" and alluded to the bank boosting its business with the university and increasing its presence on campus.
"This is a partnership literally that goes both ways," he said. "We look forward to working with DePaul on their banking needs and working with them on (the arena) and having a lot of fun."
Wehmer said signing on as a naming rights partner was as much about being associated with McCormick Place and McPier's movement to create an entertainment district as it was aligning with DePaul.
He believes the new arena will accomplish its goal of recruiting more convention business to Chicago despite revenue from conventions at McCormick Place falling in recent years.
"We love taking on the naysayers," he said. "They'll start bringing back more and more of these conventions. You can only take so much of Las Vegas."
Here are a few more photos showing progress on construction at the new facility:
Should Britain stay in or exit the European Union? On June 23, 2016, voters can voice which side of the issue they fall on when they take part in a public referendum. In the lead-up to this crucial vote, the new feature-length documentary titled Brexit: The Movie poses an emphatic and persuasive argument for leaving the EU.
A collaboration between 28 European countries, the EU began in the aftermath of World War II. Back then, it was largely viewed as a noble endeavor designed to enhance economic stability and peaceful interests across the continent. But increasing opposition contends that the EU has become nothing but a corrupt and all-powerful political tool which effectively works against the will of the very people it should serve. In their view, the EU proposes and passes new laws and regulations which negatively impact ordinary citizens while benefiting the bureaucrats and select few corporations who remain beyond reproach.
The film explores the formation and make-up of the EU, the lack of transparency and accountability in their operations, the plight of industries and individuals who have struggled under their rule, and warns of their capacity for creating economic calamity, inefficient living conditions, and barriers to advantageous trade deals with other regions throughout the globe.
What would a move away from the EU mean to Britain? The film travels to Switzerland, a country that has steadfastly refused to join the EU, to find the answer. What the filmmakers discover is a country steeped in growing wealth, decreasing unemployment, and a quality of life many steps improved from their neighboring countries. The Swiss believe that their good fortunes are almost entirely a by-product of abstaining from the EU.
Brexit recognizes the EU referendum as one of the most consequential votes the citizens of Britain are likely to cast in their lifetime. After all, it's been more than 40 years since the fate of the organization was in the hands of the citizens. According to the film and its many interview subjects, the first and most egregious casualty of continued EU reign is democracy itself.
If you've ever been around the Notre Dame-Miami series — one that's been around since the 1950s — you've probably heard the nickname “Catholics vs. Convicts.”
The “Catholics” part is obvious. Notre Dame is a Catholic university whose history dates back to the 1840s. However, if you're a younger fan, you might not connect the dots to the usage of “convicts” right away.
Toward the end of the annual series, Miami and Notre Dame had one of the most heated and substantial rivalries in all college football. They'd played almost every year since 1971, but the game took on national stakes in the 1980s.
They later met in the 2010 Sun Bowl and in 2012, and now that Notre Dame has an ACC partnership, they'll play every three years, including this Saturday in South Bend (3:30 p.m. ET, NBC).
Until 1980, Miami was nobody special. Notre Dame was.
The Canes had been to a couple Orange Bowls, but had otherwise made little national impact. That changed when Howard Schnellenberger arrived, established the “State of Miami” as a recruiting priority, and installed winning swagger, later elevated by Jimmy Johnson.
That meant Notre Dame, one of college football's greatest powers at the time, suddenly had a new threat among its fellow independents.
Schnellenberger's Canes broke an 11-year losing streak to Notre Dame and won the 1983 national championship. The program would win five of six meetings with the Irish before the fateful 1988 game.
After the Canes' second title in 1987, everyone in the country was looking to knock off the cocky, incredibly talented team.
The Hurricanes had shut out the Irish, 24-0, in 1987, Notre Dame's first shutout since ... Miami shut them out in 1983. Johnson's Hurricanes were widely criticized in 1985 for putting up one of the worst beatdowns in Notre Dame history, 58-7. From an ESPN 30 for 30 on the Canes:
Oct. 15, 1988 in South Bend, Notre Dame was out for revenge. The Hurricanes entered as the No. 1 team in the country and ND was ranked fourth, the fourth time the two had met as ranked teams but by far their highest-ranked meeting yet.
The shirts seen 'round the college football world
Two Notre Dame students — Joe Fredrick and Pat Walsh, with the help of Patrick Creadon, who is the director of ESPN's upcoming 30 for 30, Catholics vs. Convicts — had decided to come up with t-shirts to sell leading up the the big game.
Walsh, who had a passion for entrepreneurship, was attempting to walk-on to Digger Phelps' Fighting Irish basketball team when he met Fredrick, the hoops captain.
From the director's take for the upcoming 30 for 30, which will air on Dec. 10 following the Heisman Trophy ceremony:
He [Walsh] had built an underground t-shirt empire on campus out of our dorm room, and by the beginning of senior year he'd been warned by the university to shut it all down. Students were not only prohibited from running a business on campus, they were certainly not allowed to break copyright laws in the making and selling of t-shirts. Determined to keep his nose clean senior year, Walshy put aside his entrepreneurial pursuits and focused only on basketball. [Fredrick]: "Walshy, I have a great idea for a shirt for the Miami game." "No way," said Walshy. "That shirt will get me kicked out of school."
The shirts alluded to the Hurricanes' brash, rule-breaking image and the Fighting Irish's clean-cut persona (Miami players strongly disagreed with the latter assessment). As former Miami offensive tackle Leon Searcy puts it: “Spoiled, briefcase-carrying prep boys,” when describing Notre Dame players in the documentary, according to the Palm Beach Post.
What Frederick and Walsh probably didn't realize was how popular the shirts would become. The saying went wild in the days leading up to kickoff and got national recognition.
Notre Dame beat Miami, 31-30, and would go on to win the national title.
But the game was ugly even before kickoff:
A fight ensued between most of the players on each team that had to be broken up by security officials. But what happened afterward in the locker room is what the Irish say really motivated them. “Tempers were flaring,'' [former ND linebacker Wes] Pritchett said. “There had been a fight of 80-on-80 and guys in our locker room were fired up. They were throwing chairs. One of the coaches broke a chalkboard. And Lou Holtz gets up and gives a speech. He ends it with ‘Guys, leave Jimmy Johnson's butt for me.' The way we stormed out of the locker room to go out there was like in ‘Braveheart.' ''
The two teams agreed to drop the rivalry after 1990, with Notre Dame officials feeling the series was too heated to continue.
The Irish won that game, which was dubbed “The Final Conflict.”
A few years later, Sports Illustrated called for the Hurricanes to get rid of football entirely, citing arrests, NCAA violations, and more.
Notre Dame leads the all-time series with Miami, 18–7–1, after a 30-27 2016 win.
Let me dissect the following for just a moment.
Let me be frank before I continue: I support access to safe pregnancy termination. I support access to contraception. I support maternity leave. I support health care for all. Just so there are no illusions before I take a shit all over this stupidity presented here.
No abortion. The last time I check, Roe v. Wade has not been overturned. There are regulations on late-term abortion, because at a certain point, the pregnancy isn't just a clump of cells. If you think that conservatives are against abortion because they hate women, you're just willfully in denial. It's completely rational that when they believe it's the murder of a baby, they see it as a moral issue that needs to be spoken up about. I can reasonably understand their feelings, while still concluding that they're wrong. But seriously - abortion has not been taken away.
No birth controls. Contraception has not been banned. You can still get it. You're just merely back to having to expend for a copay to get it. It sucks. I'm against the rollback of the mandate. The mandate was only based on to co-pay though. The prescription itself was only free based on your insurance plan. If you were covered before, you still are. Birth control has not been taken away.
No maternity leaves. While it's an easily verifiable fact that the U.S. has one of the worst maternity leave mandates in the first world, FMLA has not been repealed in over 20 years. You are allowed 12 weeks unpaid leave. It's absolutely ridiculous, especially in this country. But 12 weeks unpaid leave is 12 weeks longer than no maternity leave - which makes this particular one an outright lie. Maternity leave has not been taken away.
No health care for your kids. I'm really not sure what this has to do with a supposed war on women. Do only women raise kids all of a sudden? Also, what law has been put on the books that takes away health care for kids? The ACA hasn't even been repealed yet. You're in no different of a position for health care today than you were 5 years ago. Health care for your kids hasn't been taken away.
No health care for you. Now, I'm going to play devil's advocate and guess this has to do with the Republican's attack against Planned Parenthood in just the last year alone. I'm vehemently against it. Planned Parenthood isn't some chop shop for fetuses. They provide necessary preventative care at an affordable rate for women, care that is much needed, such as testing for different cancers that are more prone for women. Last time I checked, Planned Parenthood was still around. You can still get that sort of health care from them if you need it, even if they don't have the support of federal dollars. Your insurance should otherwise cover you now, there is a preventative care mandate in the ACA. Health care for women hasn't been taken away.
The supposed “War on Women” is one of the most intangible things connected to third/fourth-wave feminism; it's undoubtedly a gross over-exaggeration. It's like when Fox News likes to complain about the “War on Christmas” every winter (wait for it, we're a couple months away right now). There's no real evidence that anyone is actually engaging in any sort of culture war of this magnitude, but everyone wants to be victimized by something, and some of those people need to victimize themselves to extreme degrees. Any time we talk about a war on anything, it's without rationality. Whether we're engaging a war on something (drugs, terrorism, etc) and ultimately just make the problem worse, or otherwise never see any real results other than wasted money, effort, and lives are thrown in the garbage; or we're projecting that a war is being directed at us (women, Christmas, etc), it's always improperly calculated.
Seriously, there's not a “war” on women. There are certain things women get a bad shake for still, I'm not going to deny that. There are a great many things men, in particular, get a bad shake for. You certainly don't hear a cascading narrative that there's a “War on Men” though. You just get a movement put in place where men talk about those very things, and ultimately become villainized by people who literally believe there's a war on women.
Sometimes things just suck for people, and maybe part of the problem is that people think only their problems matter. Maybe not. Who knows. But I would conclude that until abortion is made completely illegal, contraceptive has been branded completely illegal, maternity leave is not at all allowed, and children and women don't have access to health care at all, and furthermore that these things no longer exist specifically to detriment women - then let's stop proselytizing the idea that there's an actual war on a gender.
ROME— Pope Francis on Monday called aid workers to “dream” of a world without hunger, complaining that too often poverty has become “naturalized,” meaning seen as inevitable and part of the natural order.
The pontiff also blasted what he called the unacceptable “paradox” of a world in which weapons circulate freely, yet humanitarian aid is blocked by politics, self-interest, and petty bureaucratic considerations.
Francis made the remarks in a visit to the Rome offices of the United Nations World Food Program Monday morning.
In conflict zones, Francis said, “The death count multiplies because the number of people dying of hunger and thirst is added to that of battlefield casualties and the civilian victims of conflicts and attacks.”
“We are fully aware of this, yet we allow our conscience to be anesthetized,” he said.
The arms trade was a special focus of the pontiff's diagnosis.
Weapons, he said, “have gained unprecedented importance,” sidelining other ways of resolving “the present instability of the world situation.”
“Whereas forms of aid and development projects are obstructed by … incomprehensible political decisions, skewed ideological visions and impenetrable customs barriers, weaponry is not,” Francis said.
“It makes no difference where arms come from; they circulate with brazen and virtually absolute freedom in many parts of the world.”
“As a result, wars are fed, not persons,” he denounced. “In some cases, hunger itself is used as a weapon of war.”
This, Francis said, is because some issues have been “bureaucratized.”
Though Francis did not cite specific examples, it's easy enough to intuit the sorts of situations he had in mind.
In Venezuela, for instance, under the direct orders of Socialist President Nicolas Maduro, the International Catholic Charity Caritas is not allowed to import relief items such as food and medicines, urgently needed in a country where people are dying for lack of flu shots.
After five years of war, it wasn't until June 5 that European relief agencies were able to send a plane with medical aid to Syria. For this to be possible, the United Nations, with the support of the United States, Britain and other powers, had to urge the Syrian government to end sieges and allow airdrops of aid to hundreds of thousands of people trapped across the conflict-torn country.
“We become desensitized,” Francis said, denouncing that “force is our way of acting” and power “the primary goal.” Those suffering in conflict zones, he continued, not only have suffered the effects of war, but also the obstacles placed in the way of help.
“Hence it is urgent to de-bureaucratize everything that keeps humanitarian assistance projects from being realized,” he said.
Francis was inaugurating an annual meeting of the Executive Board of the World Food Program, and he said this UN initiative has a “fundamental role” in today's world, led by “true heroes” capable of “blazing trails, building bridges, opening channels concerned with those who suffer are needed.”
Joining a pledge for zero hunger, the pope said that discarding food is stealing from the table of the poor and starving.
The faces of those who're hungry, he said, are a reminder that “we spoiled” the products of the earth, turning “a gift with a universal destination into a privilege enjoyed by a select few.”
“Food shortage is not something natural, it is not a given, something obvious or self-evident,” he said, adding that the fact that there are people suffering from hunger today is the result of a “selfish and wrong distribution of resources, including the ‘merchandizing' of food.”
Francis said that faced with the problems of so many, it's not enough to offer reflections or engage in never-ending discussions: “We need to de-naturalize extreme poverty, to stop seeing it as a statistic rather than a reality.”
Poverty, he said, has a face: “It has the face of a child; it has the face of a family; it has the face of people, young and old. It has the face of widespread unemployment and lack of opportunity. It has the face of forced migrations, and of empty or destroyed homes.”
According to the statistics from the World Food Program, some 795 million people in the world don't have enough food to lead a healthy life.
One in nine people globally is undernourished.
“We cannot simply say that their situation is the result of blind fate and that nothing can be done about it,” Francis said.
When poverty doesn't have a face, humanity can discuss “hunger, food and violence” as concepts, disregarding “the real people knocking on our doors today.”
The pontiff also lamented that in an interconnected world marked by instant communication, where technologies have “[brought] us face-to-face with so many tragic situations,” an “information overload” is leading to the “naturalization” of extreme poverty.
“Little by little, we are growing immune to other people's tragedies, seeing them as something ‘natural',” Francis said. “We are bombarded by so many images that we see pain, but do not touch it; we hear weeping, but do not comfort it; we see thirst but do not satisfy it.”
Before addressing the assembly, Pope Francis spent a moment of prayer before a Memorial Wall, honoring the life of all the members of the World Food Program who died in action. “We remember them best by continuing to fight for the great goal of ‘zero hunger,'” he said.
“The credibility of an institution is not based on its declaration, but on the work accomplished by its members,” he said, adding off-the-cuff “It's based on its witness.”
He repeated this concept as he addressed the staff of the UN office, saying that thanks to their “silent witness and sacrifice, so many children have food, so much hunger is fought.”
As he often does in these more informal settings, the pope left his prepared remarks aside because “speeches are boring,” and spoke in Italian instead of in Spanish, since most of the employees are from Italy.
After the pope closed his first address, Ertharin Cousin, Executive Director of the World Food Program, called Francis the “hunger zero hero,” and thanked him for the Church's and his own commitment to sustainable development.
“Under your leadership we will promote a life of dignity for all,” she said, before presenting the pope with a drawing from a young man in Sri Lanka who dreams of being an engineer.
“[He] drew his vision of a world without hunger, where everyone gets to go to school fully nourished, and where everyone possesses the opportunity to live life to her and his fullest potential, in a free, peaceful, happy and zero hunger world,” Cousin said.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp wasn't about to make himself a hostage to fortune.
Asked whether Liverpool had finally got a settled centre-back partnership in Joel Matip and Dejan Lovren, the manager thought carefully before tiptoeing around the subject.
Klopp said: “Why should I now say that's the pair for the whole season? What if next week one player is injured and then I'd have to say to another player: ‘sorry if you read the newspaper'.
“We have to use the quality of the squad and work as well as possible. They need to perform - that's the pressure that all the players have. It's not about being a nice guy, it's about getting results for Liverpool.”
His point was well made but there's no escaping the fact that Matip and Lovren are the first-choice defensive combination for Klopp this season. The early signs in their two matches together prior to the international break were highly promising.
Barring injury or an alarming dip in form, they will be given the opportunity to prove they can give Liverpool something which has been sadly lacking since Jamie Carragher retired three years ago.
The stats tell the story. At the end of the 2012/13 campaign when Carragher hung up his boots the Reds had conceded 43 league goals. In the three seasons since that tally climbed to 50, 48 and then 50 again last terms.
Of course it's too simplistic to point the finger just at the centre-backs. But there's no doubt that the constant chopping and changing in that department has contributed to those frailties.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Martin Skrtel, Kolo Toure, Mamadou Sakho and Lovren all played together at different times but none of those partnerships ever truly convinced. The reality is that Liverpool have been hampered by the absence of a real defensive leader.
Lovren was hailed as Carragher's successor by Brendan Rodgers two years ago but the £20million man initially couldn't live up to that lofty billing. He was rash and endured a baptism of fire - spreading panic rather than calm.
But the Croatia international has now got his feet under the table. That shirt doesn't weigh so heavily on those broad shoulders.
Lovren's performance at White Hart Lane before the international break was reassuringly combative. He refused to be bullied and picked the right battles to win.
Importantly, there also appeared to be a decent understanding with Matip, who starred on his Premier League debut.
The former Schalke defender won his aerial battles and oozed composure as he used the ball intelligently.
Signing him on a free transfer meant that little hype surrounded his arrival but Matip was widely regarded as one of the best centre-backs in the Bundesliga. He's no rookie with nearly 200 league appearances under his belt.
The foot problem which dogged him in pre-season meant he sat out the opening two games but now he's fully fit and ready to kick on.
The hope is that Matip will follow in the footsteps of another towering centre-back who joined Liverpool for next to nothing 17 years ago and went on to secure legendary status during a decade of service.
Sami Hyypia, who was a dependable presence for both Gerard Houllier and Rafa Benitez, paid a visit to Melwood this week and is due to attend Saturday's clash with Leicester City at Anfield.
The double act of Hyypia and Carragher provided the base for Liverpool's march to Champions League glory in 2005 and the following season the Reds leaked just 25 league goals.
But over the past decade the only other centre-back combination the Reds have had which fully convinced involved Carragher and Daniel Agger. There's been no stability and a porous backline has cost Liverpool silverware.
Klopp believes he has finally found the solution to a long-standing problem.
Now Lovren and Matip must prove they can succeed where others have failed.
If the political establishment in Washington continues to work against the will of the bases of both the GOP and the Democratic Party, a leading progressive organizer says that America may be headed for the possibility of a legitimate third party that comprises a left-right populist coalition.
Aaron Black, the progressive organizer and Occupy Wall Street veteran, joined Breitbart News Saturday with guest host and Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle on Saturday to kick off the show. After Boyle asked Black about the populist uprisings in both parties represented by supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic Party and billionaire Donald Trump in the Republican Party, Black suggested a third party may emerge if the establishment continues working against the people.
Black said on the air:
Sanders and Trump have a lot of supporters for that very reason: They're not being bought and paid for by corporate interests. I will say that we need to go a little further, I think that somebody like Trump who is self-funded has an advantage over a lot of people who would like to run for President as an example. I don't want to see a scenario where in another four years the only people who can run for our highest office are billionaires. There needs to be some kind of cap on what you can spend. I think that this has to be equal, somehow. The two party system has been disastrous to our country…. I personally would like to see another party come out of this.
Boyle followed up, asking Black to “flesh that idea out” and whether he meant “a coalition between the populist right and populist left.”
Black said he wasn't sure yet, but the more the establishment continues this activity against Trump in the Republican Party and against Sanders in the Democratic Party, the more they are at risk of something like this.
“Well, I don't know what it looks like,” Black said. “I just think the two party system has been disastrous for our country. I think it's time something gives. I'm not suggesting we do away with the two parties — the Democratic or Republican party — right now, but what I am saying is that we definitely need a third party to even things out.”
Black has played a leading role in organizing protests around the country, including the thousands who turned out on Thursday to “shut down Trump.” When asked what he hoped to accomplish with the protests, Black said:
Well I think people are dissatisfied in general, they feel like they don't have a voice. Their government is bought and paid for by Wall Street firms and K Street lobbyists. The bottom line is that this really isn't a partisan issue, people are just fed up and are tired of getting screwed.
Black also announced that he expects to join other activists who've been arrested during the last week as part of the “Democracy Spring” in Washington D.C.
“We're going to continue that over the weekend, people will sit on the Capitol Steps, and shockingly that's illegal,” Black said. “They've arrested close to nine hundred of us on those steps for simply sitting there saying that this unjust. We want one person, one vote, we've had enough. Thinking about it, it's crazy right?”
Black showed a unique willingness to engage with a non-friendly audience, even taking calls from Breitbart News Saturday listeners. Listen to the audio of Black's interview, complete with him taking callers with Boyle, here:
North Carolina Governor Signs Law Limiting Power Of His Successor
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gerry Broome/AP Gerry Broome/AP
Pat McCrory, North Carolina's outgoing Republican governor, has signed a law stripping executive powers from his successor, Democrat Roy Cooper.
The law removes the State Board of Elections from the governor's control by reducing the number of members on the board from five — three of whom could be from the governor's party — to four members, evenly split between the parties.
As we have reported, the change could have ripple effects, since the state body appoints members to county election boards across the state.
Three of North Carolina's county election boards faced a legal challenge in November after they attempted to revoke the voting rights of thousands of registered voters shortly before Election Day. A federal judge blocked the move.
The new law also increases the power of the state's appellate court and requires the party affiliations of judicial candidates to be printed on ballots.
Jeff Tiberii of member station WUNC reports that "protesters gathered at the N.C. General Assembly to voice their opposition to these Republican policy proposals and chanted in unison, 'Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame! Forward together, not one step back!' "
According to a tweet by Tiberii, Lt. Martin Brock of the General Assembly police force said his officers arrested 39 people during demonstrations at the Legislature building on Friday, and that 17 others had been arrested on Thursday.
WUNC reported Cooper said the moves by state Republicans would have wide-ranging impacts in education, tax policy and health care, saying: "They knew for weeks what they were going to do and they didn't tell the public. That's wrong. They need to put these issues out on the table so that the people know about them so that there's time to debate them."
On Friday, the Legislature also passed a second bill that would further curb the powers of the incoming administration. That bill, if McCrory signs it, would require Cooper's Cabinet secretaries to receive Senate confirmation, would significantly reduce the number of administrative positions in the executive branch, would strip the governor of his right to appoint trustees to the University of North Carolina and would take away some of the governor's power to oversee schools in the state.
Republicans hold large majorities in both chambers of the state Legislature and will continue to do so when the new session begins in January.
Cooper, the state's current attorney general, beat McCrory by a slim margin in the November election, and McCrory initially refused to concede until a vote recount proved he had lost by about 10,000 votes.
Getty Images/Flickr RM
In a predatory world, sleep doesn't make much evolutionary sense. Why would any creature lie down, shut its eyes and not move for about a third of a day? It's like an invitation to be eaten.
Now a new study out of the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC) suggests sleep is necessary for the brain to get rid of waste. The study, published in the journal Science, also reveals that the brain's cells shrivel up by 60% while we sleep to wash away the cellular garbage more effectively. Researchers believe that all the cleaning activity is one of the reasons the brain uses about as much energy while in sleep as while in wake mode. Sleep is known to perform many critical functions, including consolidating memories and recharging cells, but this is the first time it has been linked with cerebral rubbish removal.
The new findings are a continuation of work that Dr. Maiken Nedergaard, the lead author of the current study, published in 2012 in the journal Science Translational Medicine. In that report, she and her colleagues used a new imaging technique, two-photon microscopy, to show that mice brains, which are good models of human brains, have their own plumbing system for disposing of molecular detritus. Known as the glymphatic system, it hitches a ride alongside the brain's blood vessels to pump cerebrospinal fluid through the brain tissue and wash waste back into the circulatory system, where the liver eventually disposes it.
The Best Way to Conquer Fear? Sleep on It
The new study, also in mice, suggests that while the body powers down, the glymphatic system ramps up, becoming 10 times more active than when the brain is awake. And because the brain's cells shrink during sleep, the researchers believe, it's easier for the fluid to flush out its many corridors. During sleep, proteins that are responsible for Alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders are also removed more efficiently from the brain than during waking hours. The body's chief sanitation worker, the lymphatic system, isn't sufficient for cleaning out the brain because of the brain-blood barrier, the body's equivalent of a picket line, which prevents certain cleansing agents from passing through the blood and into the brain. But the glymphatic system, composed of cerebrospinal fluid, is given a special pass into the brain, and can pull out toxins and other waste products, primarily during sleep.
The findings raise interesting questions about how sleep may affect the progression of Alzheimer's or other neurogenerative disorders, but they also provide a strong warning for anybody who skips sleep. The short version: don't.
Two Studies Find Promising New Ways to Detect Alzheimer's Earlier
“The brain only has limited energy at its disposal and it appears that it must choose between two different functional states – awake and aware or asleep and cleaning up,” said Nedergaard, a co-director of the URMC Center for Translational Neuromedicine, in a statement. “You can think of it like having a house party. You can either entertain the guests or clean up the house, but you can't really do both at the same time.” And you can't do either one without the other for long.
Hitherto, GB have been working under the impression that as long as one of the three British teams competing regularly on the HSBC World Series finished in the top four in the 2014-15 season that would automatically qualify a GB Olympic team which can then be picked from all three countries.
But not so. That system has caused much disquiet among other nations in that it effectively gives GB three shots at securing that desirable automatic Olympic qualification to every other team's one.
Teams that don't secure one of those four automatic slots will then have to compete in a continental tournament with one last route into the 12 team Olympics via a repechage tournament.
"We understand that the IOC will be asking the GB – the Home Unions concerned and the BOA – to nominate one of their national teams to act as Great Britain's qualifying side," said the IRB's new chief executive Brett Gosper.
"It would seem intrinsically unfair and undermine the integrity of the World Series for it to be otherwise. If that nominated GB nation does finish in the top four in the 2014-15 HSBC series, that side will have to qualify by another route. This will be the case even if one of the Home Union teams that wasn't nominated finishes in the top four."
Even the system outlined by Gosper is not without its weaknesses – the potential for collusion in some games wif the Home nations were drawn against each other would be there – but at least it doesn't start from a premis that is fundamentally unfair.
Such a system will heighten the interest in the HSBC World series for 2013-14 with the Home Union sides battling to become the domestic 'top dog' and assume the driving seat for the GB programme heading towards Rio.
GB would be free to select players from England, Wales and Scotland but the qualifying side would expect to form the rump of the squad.
It is understood that Ulster players who are contracted to the IRFU will not be considered although they would be free to contest that decision legally if they felt strongly enough about it. Olympic eligibility is passport based and a number of Ulster players who represent Ireland are UK passport holders.
If GB safely qualifies via a top four in the 2014-15 World Series from their nominated team, Gosper has confirmed that there is no way that GB team can be accommodated in the HSBC 2015-2016 World series in order to clock up invaluable match-time together. "Again that would affect the integrity of the competition and would not be allowed. The three nations would of course still be eligible to compete in competition individually."
Which again is not a great deal of use to an embryo GB team who will have to consider organising a number of Invitation tournaments to get their game time together.
Potentially GB should be able to field a Sevens team capable of winning gold but actually building a mechanism to put that squad together is proving fiendishly difficult.
Meanwhile, Sir Clive Woodward, who has recently stepped down from the BOA, has urged the Home Unions and Great Britain to move with much more urgency.
He said: "It's not going to be easy for GB because of some of the unique issues around the formation of the side but what I do know is the Home unions need to get something in place pretty quickly and approved by the BOA.
"We need one of our Sevens experts guiding this project. Other nations have got their funding, structures and programmes in place already, they have started their Olympic cycles – and if GB think they can throw something together in the last 6-12 months we will be gravely mistaken.
"I just know that in a few years time when rugby looks back at the 2016 Olympics It's going to be seen as one of the most important ever moments in the sport's evolution.
"Rio will offer an incredible stage for the sport and target for those chasing gold medals. I know for example that there is nothing higher on the NZRFU agenda than coming back with two golds. GB need to be matching that commitment and vision."
I'm trying to get into The Division 's new Underground DLC, but apparently no one wants me in their group.
Two nights ago, I was matchmaking my way into the new randomized four-player co-op Underground missions in Ubisoft's morose open-world shooter. I was having a grand old time. Last night, however, I tried to do the same and kept getting kicked from the groups I joined.
I started the night with a level 174 gear score, which is about what you will have earned if you've done every story mission and side mission in the main game but haven't done a lot of endgame grinding.
Advertisement
I started with a “hard” mission. Recommended gear score according to the game's menus? 160.
The people I was matchmade with? 191, 195 and 211.
Sponsored
We went on a mission. We all died. I was ready to try again. Nope! Kicked from group.
I immediately joined a new group. They were 194, 214 and 226. I headed over to the train tracks, where missions begin.
Nope! Kicked from group.
Back to matchmaking. Remember, the recommended score for hard missions is 160, and I was at 174.
Advertisement
This time, I didn't even get to see the scores of the people I got matched with. I was kicked right away.
Fourth try. I was matched with a 231, 228 and a 216. One might wonder why they were running a hard mission and not a “challenging” one. Challenging missions have a recommended gear score of 200. Whatever.
We did a mission. I think we did pretty well. The 231 even dropped a nice piece of loot and then shot at me, which I took to mean he was inviting me to take it. I did. I didn't have anything to give back. Nothing that good. Bad etiquette?
We were back in the staging area, and, guess what? Kicked from group.
Note: everyone else is this game seems to be over 200!
And I thought I'd helped the team win. Bummer.
Hey, at least with all the loot from that mission I got myself up from 174 to 193!
I tried matchmaking again. For yet another hard mission, I was matched with people who were 230, 240 and 243. Would they let me play with them?
Nope!
At that point we were at five kicks for only two missions played, one of which everyone died in and the other which was a group win.
On my sixth try, I was matched with a 202, a 208 and 212. We started a mission, we all got killed, we tried again, we succeeded. And I wasn't even kicked.
I suspect I'll need to be up to 200 gear score before people stop trying to kick me as soon as they see me join their match. But I've got to wonder: Why does this game seem to only have really high-level players? Why are all these high-level players trying to play missions that are so far below their level? And would they all please stop kicking me from their groups?
The screenshot above is not Frog Fractions 2.
As Patrick Klepek points out in his big reveal over on Waypoint, the resolution of the long-running Frog Fractions 2 ARG could be considered a spoiler to some. So, if you don't want to know how to play Frog Fractions 2, don't read further.
People who want to play Frog Fractions 2... hello. What you're going to want to do is go to Steam and grab Glittermitten Grove. This is Frog Fractions 2. Or at least, Frog Fractions 2 is hidden inside of it.
If you have no idea what's going on, here's the gist: In 2012, Twinbeard Studios put out a free web game called Frog Fractions. It purports to be an educational game, but really it's an absurd, free-associative adventure.
In 2014, designer James Crawford ran a Kickstarter campaign for Frog Fractions 2, and since then an elaborate ARG involving other games and physical clues has been leading sleuths closer and closer to the sequel, which was in development alongside the meta game about finding it. It became a running joke that the ARG itself was Frog Fractions 2, or that anything mildly odd was either the game or a hint as to its whereabouts.
Now we know, thanks to Game Detectives: Frog Fractions 2 is hidden in Glittermitten Grove, which released a couple weeks ago. For instructions on how to find Frog Fractions 2 within the game, Kotaku has you covered. I've only played long enough to know that the first method they explain does work, and opens up another game with Frog Fractions-style humor. I'll let you figure it out on your own if you prefer.
For the full story, I do recommend reading Klepek's breakdown of the development of Frog Fractions 2. It's been fun journey.
Papiss Cisse: On his way to Newcastle
Newcastle United are set to seal a deal for Freiburg star Papiss Cisse, Sky Sports understands.
The 26-year-old has emerged as one of the most feared strikers in Germany over the past 18 months.
He scored 22 goals last season and has already scored nine this term.
The likes of Arsenal, Tottenham, Blackburn and Aston Villa have all been strongly linked whilst Sunderland were understood to be close to sealing a deal last summer.
The Black Cats have again been strongly linked this January, but it is now believed that Newcastle are close to pulling off a transfer coup.
Cisse has been away with Senegal, coincidentally with Newcastle's Demba Ba.
Cisse is now on Tyneside at the club's training ground to undergo a medical and finalise the deal before flying back out to Africa.
The deal, which will be worth around £10million, is sure to shock many as it was thought Newcastle's only target this month would be a new central defender.
Freiburg have already moved to sign a replacement after bringing in Sebastian Freis from Cologne on Tuesday.
Thank you to all the photographers that participated in the Eagles Or Owls Photo Contest, sharing their best photos showing eagles or owls. Congratulations to the winners and finalists, and a special round of applause for the Grand Jury Winner who get the chance to pick their prize.
Congratulations Grand Jury Winner "Snowy Owl" by fredlemire
Congratulations Runner-Up "Wild Short eared owl in flight showing the feathers and structure of its wings (Asio flammeus)" by jennycottingham
Congratulations Runner-Up "Nature's Habits" by liasimcox
Congratulations Runner-Up "Bald Eagle" by sratcliffe
Congratulations Runner-Up "flying bubo " by CreativeArtView
Congratulations Honorable Mention "Northern Saw Whet Owl" by mosesimages
Congratulations Amateur Winner "Yellow Eyes" by Eunice1
Congratulations People's Choice "Selfie Master" by meganlorenz
"Eagle" by tierpfoto
"Take flight!" by suedoughertyoffleash
"Take Down" by ladyvet
"_MG_8475" by davewx
""Dinner's On"" by Rbrown10
"Winter Monarch" by RBourque
"Air Snowy - Snowy Owl" by JimCumming
"Eagle 1" by johnsinclair_4356
"Burrowing Owl" by pwlunn5
"Horned Owl" by Kriskow
"Long-eared owl" by clareefish
"Mother Great Horned Owl Returns to Nest" by Dkey612
"American Freedom" by lightman07
"The Stare" by Mission_Man
"Look into my eyes" by anitahogue
"Majesty" by simonmartinlewis
"Portrait" by lszlpotozky
"Owly-Pop" by nikipike
"AF0O3779rr24x12 300 dpi" by frankiej7
"Stand your Ground" by bmackenziephotography
"Going in !" by AndyHowePhotography
"Short Eared Owl" by alangriffin
"got to go" by petefreund
"GLADIATORS" by Cobble-Art
"Banff-Eagle" by pbreezer
"The Flying 'Barn Door'" by jules1580
"DSC_4755" by RMLFoto
" 2 Eagles" by LAGE
" Screaming Bald Eagle" by rewanick
"buzzard" by nedkov
"Bald_Eagle__DSC6482" by ChuckCoyne
"Bald Eagle Standard" by AlteredPerceptionsStudio
"Barn Owl" by cevert
"untitled" by sabatesphoto
"Free as Bird !!" by jozi1
"Barn Owl" by shannondizmang
"DSC_3002.jpg marked" by GerryF
"Young white-tailed eagle" by KalleP
"Get closer." by keyllen
"Whoooo@s Scary now Eh!!!" by johnmdavies
"In Flight" by charlotterhodes
"Get out of my way" by mlorenekimura
"Screech Owl Portrait" by sandyscott_0995
"Barn Owl" by Davehook
"Spotted" by nathanguttridge
"Black kite " by chris_smith
"The Majestic Snowy Owl" by DANewman
"Snowbird" by JerryKittel
"wake up!" by Karlin24
"Sleepy in the Sun" by HaliSowle
"Don't Mess With This One" by windycorduroy
"Screech Owl in the Snow" by tracymunson
"Golden_Eagle_3" by btcphotography
"Brombär" by tanjabrandt
"Great Horned Owl" by RhettHerring
"Power of Wings" by vandanabajikar
"Owl Love" by nig2000
"Flying Eagle" by amandabeersphotography
"Little Owl" by graemekeable
"_HUT2629" by waynehutchinson
It seems the question on many people's minds, as scandal after scandal crashes on the shores of Obama's White House is best summed up by The Telegraph's Damian Thompson. Yet another non-US paper asks, will Obama last the duration of his second term in a surveillance context where what has been revealed is said to be worse than Watergate.
Via The Telegraph,
"They could pay off the Triads," says Edward Snowden, the NSA whistleblower interviewed by the Guardian in his Hong Kong hideout. Meaning: the CIA could use a proxy to kill him for revealing that Barack Obama has presided over an unimaginable – to the ordinary citizen – expansion of the Federal government's powers of surveillance over anyone.
Libertarians and conspiracy theorists of both Left and Right will never forget this moment. Already we have Glenn Beck hailing Snowden on Twitter:
Courage finally. Real. Steady. Thoughtful. Transparent. Willing to accept the consequences. Inspire w/Malice toward none.#edwardsnowden
Snowden will be a Right-wing hero as well as a Left-libertarian one. Why? First, he thought carefully about what he should release, avoiding (he says) material that would harm innocent individuals. Second, he's formidably articulate. Quotes like the following are pure gold for opponents of Obama who've been accusing the President of allowing the Bush-era "surveillance state" to extend its tentacles even further:
NSA is focussed on getting intelligence wherever it can by any means possible... Increasingly we see that it's happening domestically. The NSA specifically targets the communications of everyone, it ingests them by default, it collects them in its system and it filters them and it analyses them and it measures them and its stores them for periods of time ... While they may be intending to target someone associated with a foreign government or someone they suspect of terrorism, they're collecting your communications to do so. Any analyst at any time can target anyone…
I do not see how Obama can talk his way out of this one. Snowden is not Bradley Manning: he's not a disturbed disco bunny but a highly articulate network security specialist who has left behind a $200,000 salary and girlfriend in Hawaii for a life on the run. He's not a sleazy opportunist like Julian Assange, either. As he says: "I'm willing to sacrifice all of that because I can't in good conscience allow the US government to destroy privacy, internet freedom and basic liberties for people around the world with this massive surveillance machine they're secretly building."
It will be very difficult for the Obama administration to portray Snowden as a traitor. For a start, I don't think US public opinion will allow it. Any explanations it offers will be drowned out by American citizens demanding to know:
"So how much do you know about me and my family? How can I find out? How long have you been collecting this stuff? What are you going to do with it?"
Suddenly the worse-than-Watergate rhetoric doesn't seem overblown. And I do wonder: can a president who's presided over, and possibly encouraged, Chinese-style surveillance of The Land of the Free honestly expect to serve out his full term?
Foreign bribery in private, banking, financial sectors the target of Government's $15 million plan
Updated
The Federal Government says it will attempt to "tackle bribery in offshore jurisdictions" and will today announce a $15 million investment boost in the area over three years.
The powers of the Australian Federal Police (AFP) will be increased and the money will fund three foreign bribery investigative teams and 26 new positions to investigate foreign bribery in the private, banking and financial sectors.
The announcement comes the day after a Senate hearing into foreign bribery was told the AFP was not up to the task of tackling the problem.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the money would "boost" Australia's efforts to address the issue.
"We are investing a further $15 million over three years to boost the capacity of the Australian Federal Police and specialist agencies to trace corrupt money flows, seize tainted proceeds and engage the best lawyers to prosecute perpetrators," Mr Turnbull said.
In Australia, investigations are currently being held into companies including Leighton International, which has been accused of using bribery to win a lucrative oil pipeline contract in Iraq.
Companies owned by the Reserve Bank of Australia — Securency and Note Printing Australia — are alleged to have paid millions of dollars in bribes to third parties in foreign countries, including an arms dealer, to win banknote printing contracts.
The Australian Wheat Board became embroiled in a kickback scandal more than 10 years ago which saw $300 million funnelled through to the regime of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
Australians identified in Panama Papers 'underscores' approach
Mr Turnbull said corruption needed to be addressed, especially given the recent Panama Papers scandal.
He said the $15 million in funding over three years would bring together several agencies and enhance their capability.
"The power of this multi-agency approach has been underscored by the ATO's recent success in identifying more than 800 Australian names in the Panama Papers and matching about 80 of those names to the ACC's serious and organised crime intelligence data base," he said.
"This breakthrough led to an urgent meeting of eight agencies on 12 April to coordinate our whole of government response, which will include investigations of suspected tax evasion and other serious financial crimes.
"My Government will be relentless in its efforts to stamp out corruption — wherever it occurs."
Justice Minister Michael Keenan said the Fraud and Anti-Corruption Centre was currently investigating 18 alleged foreign bribery cases and the new funds would support that.
"The money will be sourced from confiscated proceeds of crime," Mr Keenan said.
"Taking action against bribery and corporate corruption is an ongoing task."
Topics: bribery, federal-government, law-crime-and-justice, australia
First posted
Can you see Cristiano making Tuesday's game against Manchester City?
I hope so, that's what every madridista is hoping for and of course what we, his teammates want as well. We know how important Cristiano is for the team and we hope he returns in good form after the shock he gave us in the last game. We hope it's nothing serious.
Has the shitting-yourself-o-meter gone into overdrive?
I'd like to clear that up because I think there's been some misunderstanding. The press published that I said: 'the shitting-youself-o-meter is back' but what I actually said was: 'Good shit-pants-o-meter'. It comes from the piggy-in-the-middle game we playin training and when a younger player plays a difficult ball for one of the older players, we say: 'Nearly shat yourself there, eh?' and that's what I said.
Who's going to win the league?
We'll see. I hope we do. Every game for us is like a final.
Ending the season trophyless would be a fiasco?
Depends on how you look at it. I always think that it's never good for Real Madrid to end without a trophy; I can understand why some would call it a fiasco but I wouldn't use that word myself. If we have done things well and competed right up until the end of the season then you can't really call that a fiasco.
Full screen Ramos in Friday's session. JESUS ALVAREZ ORIHUELA (DIARIO AS)
If Zidane had started the campaign, would Real Madrid be in a better position now?
Maybe, or maybe not but it's onvious that the affinity which Zidane has with the players is something which Benítez didn't have; Zizou has a good understanding with all of the players.
Did you set up Benítez to get the sack?
No. Personally, that's something I have never done.
Piqué overreated to Arbeloa's comments?
Maybe it wasn't the right way to go about things. There's no point in going over all of that, and a veteran player like Piqué should try and avoid all of that childish nonsense. A little bit of humour's fine, but not with disrespect.
Would you take part in Piqué's Periscope?
I don't know. I've always tried to keep my personal life private.
For you, who's the best centre-back in the world?
I have some very good company here at Madrid (Sanchís and Camacho). In the present game, I've always liked Thiago Silva, Piqué I have always considered among the best, my two teammates, Pepe who has a lot of experience and Varane who is developing at an amazing rate, and without getting too carried away about it, I've alaways though Godín is a very good centre-back.
Do you miss Casillas?
As a friend, yes; and of course as a teammate too. Iconic figures are always missed.
Would you sign De Gea?
Well... Taling about players who aren't here would be a lack of respect to Keylor, Kiko Casilla and Rubén, but as I have always said: only the best players should be here at Madrid and if the powers that be thought that he should come... for me De Gea is one of the best.
'Conte's Chelsea are coming for Sergio Ramos' - will there be another soap opera this summer?
I haven't heard that one.
Did you receive an offer from Manchester United?
Yes.
A serious offer, on paper?
Yes, yes.
Did you consider leaving Real Madrid?
At one point I did think about making a change, but at the end of the day my priority has always been Real Madrid and I thought about a change for other reasons.
Did you feel you'd be tricked?
No, not tricked. Maybe a little disappointed during that time, but all of those problems were resolved and everyone's happy, but it wasn't an economic issue like some people made out.
Was minute 93:48 in Lisbon the best moment of your career?
Yes.
How many times have you watched it?
20,000
And how many times do you think you'll watch it again?
Another 20,000. I can't help but feel emotion when watching those images back. The feeling's like being drunk for a whole week.
Is Florentino the best president for Real Madrid?
Foe me, he is. I have a lot of affection for him. He's like a father figure to me.
Are you happy to see Barça struggling?
Of course, I'm happy because it benefits us, although I don't wish bad things on anyone.
Have you looked at the fixtures which remain 500 times?
To be absolutely honest, yes I have.
Is Madrid favourites to beat City?
No, for me it's 50-50.
Published on Dec 15, 2016
My name is H. A. Goodman and I'm an author, columnist, and journalist www.hagoodman.com
Chuck Todd Embarrassed by WikiLeaks https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
THE CIA'S MOP-UP MAN: L.A. TIMES REPORTER CLEARED STORIES WITH AGENCY BEFORE PUBLICATION
https://theintercept.com/2014/09/04/f...
Kennie T "Who Can Do Your Hair Like Me" Song / Parody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIu1n...
Hillary Clinton Lost. Get Over It And Stop Blaming Russia, WikiLeaks And ‘Fake' News
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/5...
For 3 months Hillary Clinton's email access was unencrypted, vulnerable to spies
http://fortune.com/2015/03/11/hillary...
FBI boss Comey's 7 most damning lines on Clinton
http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/05/politic...
NSA head: DNC hack didn't affect election outcome
http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecuri...
Former Sec Def Robert Gates: ‘Odds Are Pretty High' Russia, China, And Iran Accessed Hillary's Server [VIDEO]
http://dailycaller.com/2016/01/21/for...
Top U.S. spy agency has not embraced CIA assessment on Russia hacking - sources
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa...
Investigating Donald Trump, F.B.I. Sees No Clear Link to Russia
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/01/us/...
NO LINK BETWEEN WIKILEAKS AND TRUMP, RUSSIA
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
CIA DOES NOT PROVIDE EVIDENCE
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
Anonymous Leaks to the WashPost About the CIA's Russia Beliefs Are No Substitute for Evidence
https://theintercept.com/2016/12/10/a...
Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/...
PLEASE SHARE MY LATEST RT CROSSTALK APPEARANCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zH8A...
PLEASE SHARE CHELSEA MANNING PETITION: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/peti...
Apache Warrior Vanessa Medical Fund
https://www.gofundme.com/medical-fund...
https://www.facebook.com/jchariton/po...
Medical Fund for Sophia Wilansky
https://www.gofundme.com/30aezxs
Trump national security pick once wrote Chelsea Manning should be tried for treason, executed if guilty
http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/02/politic...
Sarah Harrison on WikiLeaks http://www.versobooks.com/blogs/2867-...
WIKILEAKS CLINTON FOUNDATION SCANDAL https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
WIKILEAKS TWITTER: https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
President Trump Should Pardon Julian Assange
http://dailycaller.com/2016/11/14/pre...
Tim Black H. A. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaxCV...
Police shoot rubber bullets at Dakota Access Pipeline protesters
https://www.rt.com/usa/365133-dakota-...
7 Times Nate Silver Was Hilariously Wrong About Donald Trump
http://dailycaller.com/2016/05/04/7-t...
Why the World Needs WikiLeaks
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/17/opi...
WIKILEAKS RETWEETS H A GOODMAN TPP SEGMENT https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
H A GOODMAN ON RT CROSS TALK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvZVJ...
My first piece in The Daily Caller!! http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/26/cli...
WikiLeaks Tweet About H. A. Goodman's #PodestaEmail Summaries
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/...
H.A. Goodman Says Bernie Sanders Still Has a Chance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io4H7...
H.A. Goodman Goes After Pro-Clinton Media Bias
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rnfK...
This segment correlates also to my appearances on CNN and MSNBC:
H. A. Goodman on MSNBC https://www.facebook.com/hagoodman.jo...
H. A. Goodman on CNN International
http://www.snappytv.com/tc/1571174
http://www.snappytv.com/tc/1571164
H. A. Goodman on CNN New Day
https://www.facebook.com/hagoodman.jo...
The province has struck a deal with three major power producers to formally end coal-fired electricity by 2030.
Environment Minister Shannon Phillips says Alberta will pay three major power producers a total of $97 million a year over the next 14 years.
The money is to compensate them for the shutdown and to help them transition to cleaner forms of energy.
The payments are to be spread amongst TransAlta, Capital Power and ATCO, and are to come out of the current carbon levy on heavy emitters.
There are 18 coal-fired electricity plants in Alberta, and all but six are already scheduled to shut down before 2030.
As part of the deal, the power producers will keep their headquarters in Alberta, will continue to invest in the province and will provide support to communities affected by the transition.
THE T-WORD
“I'll be darned if I'm going to set that aside now because a few teabaggers want to somehow muzzle my voice. We don't have to sit back and allow a minority in the Congress, known as the tea party, to dominate the discussion in our households,” Labor Secretary Hilda L. Solis recently told an enthusiastic audience at the Florida Democratic convention, citing federal assistance that once helped her family.
“Teabagger is a pejorative term used to refer to a certain sexual act. Liberal talk show hosts such as Rachel Maddow brought the phrase into the mainstream in 2009, using it as a tongue-in-cheek insult,” recalls F. Vincent Vernuccio, a labor policy counsel at the Competitive Enterprise Institute and BigGovernment.com contributor.
“The tea party versus unions and Democrats divide will become even more striking as the 2012 election heats up. However, insults such as the ones used by Secretary Solis have no place in civil political discourse.”
GLORIA, GRETA
Memo to the crabby liberal press: Grit your teeth, gird your loins and tune into Fox News. That's sound advice, perhaps, to gleeful journalists critical of presidential hopeful Herman Cain, who is still fending off claims he sexually harassed two unnamed women more than a decade ago. He'll have stalwart help now. Mr. Cain's wife, Gloria, is set to appear with her husband on “On the Record With Greta Van Susteren” for a rare interview Friday night.
“You will meet my wife publicly in an exclusive interview that we are currently planning,” Mr. Cain says. “She will be introduced in terms of some limited exposure, but it's not her style for her to be with me on every campaign stop.”
And of the spate of instant Cain polls: 85 percent of Washington Times readers say his campaign will withstand the accusations, while 91 percent of National Review readers agree that they will continue to support Mr Cain “the same” or even “more.”
A DEBATE NUDGE
How crowded is the Republican presidential debate schedule? Fifteen are wedged into the next 12 weeks. But there's got to be a little give here and there. The Heritage Foundation, the American Enterprise Institute and CNN have decided to move an upcoming debate on foreign policy and national security from Nov. 15 to Nov. 22 “to accommodate this season's crowded debating schedule.”
Organizers remain cheerful.
“The timing couldn't be better. We're setting the table for some lively family discussions at Thanksgiving. Nothing is more important to the future of our nation than how we approach national security and foreign policy,” says Heritage President Edwin J. Feulner.
UNIFORM REACTION
Sure to be a photo op for the Occupy Wall Street crowd: “Veterans of the 99%” will march Wednesday - in uniform - from Vietnam Veterans Plaza to Zuccotti Park in Manhattan, the veritable heart of the Occupy Wall Street movement. Their mission, organizers from the Iraq Veterans Against the War say, is to draw public attention to the plight of veterans re-entering civilian life after combat and during economic recession, plus cuts to veterans' health care and other services.
MICHAEL MOORE'S MATH
Filmmaker and progressive gadfly Michael Moore chafes at the idea of capitalism and denies he's part of the dreaded, well-heeled “1 percent” of the population. This is what he told CNN host Piers Morgan, anyway.
“The top 1 percent means you're a person with an adjusted gross income of roughly $380,000. Michael Moore's net worth is estimated to be around $50 million. Which means he's closer to being in the top one-tenth of 1 percent of earners in America,” observes Peter Wehner, a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, and a contributor to Commentary magazine.
“Michael Moore, icon of the left, established beyond a shadow of a doubt that he is both a hypocrite and a liar, though not a terribly good one. He's clearly not Clintonesque when it comes to delivering repeated lies. Being a left-wing ideologue is bad enough. Being an unprincipled one is worse.”
RATING THE SOLICITORS
America is teeming with lawyers, and engaging one is, well, a complex decision. To help the curious: U.S. News Media Group and Best Lawyers - a peer review publication - have released their second annual “Best Law Firms” rankings of nearly 10,000 firms, with a handy-dandy online tool to explore the findings. Find it all at BestLawFirms.USNews.com; the national “first-tier rankings” will be featured in the Nov. 15 issue of the U.S. News and World Report.
ON THE RADAR
The National Center for Policy Analysis' first-of-its-kind conference Wednesday will explore the direct link between the U.S. supply of rare-earth minerals and the nation's safety. Canny mineral experts have long warned that those nations with ample supplies of such critical metals could one day hold the U.S. hostage because of our paltry supply. Among the many luminaries in attendance: Sen. Lisa Murkowski, Alaska Republican.
POLL DU JOUR
• 44 percent of U.S. voters say they “would like to see a Republican elected to the White House.”
• 49 percent of whites and 30 percent of “non-whites” agree.
• 42 percent overall want President Obama re-elected.
• 38 percent of whites and 79 percent of “non-whites” agree.
• 43 percent would like Democrats to regain control of the House.
• 38 percent of whites, 56 percent of “non-whites” and 34 percent of independents agree.
• 41 percent would like Republicans to remain in control of the House.
• 46 percent of whites, 28 percent of “non-whites” and 39 percent of independents agree.
Source: A United Technologies/National Journal poll of 1,002 adults conducted Oct. 27 to Oct. 30; “non-whites” includes Hispanics.
• Ballyhoo, injustices, tidy observations to jharper@washingtontimes .com.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Kasich challenged by college student over gay marriage
EAST LANSING, Mich. – While the rest of the Republican presidential candidates were trekking across South Carolina on Monday, Ohio Gov. John Kasich made his way across Michigan, a state he sees as critical for him in the coming weeks.
Kasich spoke to large crowds of college students, and found himself pressed on gay marriage by a student during a town hall at Michigan State University.
The student identified himself as a “staunch Democrat – always have been, always will be” before Kasich jokingly told him, “well that's a good open mind. You don't know that.” The student identified himself as gay and told Kasich he “faces discrimination daily and weekly,” and wanted to know the candidate's views on same-sex marriage and LGBT protections under the law.
A student pressed John Kasich on gay marriage - said Kasich attending a gay wedding is not enough. — Kailani Koenig (@kailanikm) February 15, 2016
“If I see discrimination in anything, like I said earlier, I'm willing to do what I can,” Kasich said. “Whether it's executive order or legislation. That's fine with me. As for marriage equality - let me be clear I'm for traditional marriage but I've been to my first gay wedding. A friend of mine is gay and got married. I went home and said to my wife, we've been invited to Steve's wedding and you know, said this is going to be unusual for us. She said, well I'm going. Are you going? And I went. And I had a great time. And there was great champagne.”
The student pressed back, “I don't think that's enough for you to say you've been to a gay wedding.”
“Well, we're not changing any laws,” Kasich told him. “We're not changing. We're not going to allow discrimination on this.”
“So the Supreme Court upheld marriage equality,” the student noted. “Does that mean you would go out of your way to protect that right?”
Kasich ended the conversation. “Look, we're not changing any laws,” he said. “The court has spoken. That's the end of it.”
-- Kailani Koenig covering the Kasich campaign
Hillary Clinton's 'Lips are sealed'
NEW YORK -- Rev. Al Sharpton has yet to endorse a presidential candidate, but he seemed to tip his hat here on Tuesday after meeting with Hillary Clinton and other civil rights leaders.
Clinton sat down with influential black activists at the National Urban League to discuss "breaking down barriers."
Every candidate has been invited to similar meetings, organizers said, but Clinton's campaign was the first to reach out and accept.
During the discussion, Clinton continued to knock her rival, Bernie Sanders, for being a "single issue candidate."
Following the meeting, after being pressed by reporters about whether he was going to endorse Clinton, he turned to her and said: "Only you know and you're not telling."
Clinton laughed, looked down and replied: "My lips are sealed."
Rev. Sharpton jokes about whether he's going to endorse her, says she knows already. HRC says: "My lips are sealed." pic.twitter.com/AILLuzEWCr — Monica Alba (@AlbaMonica) February 16, 2016
Sharpton later told reporters in a press conference that he was not prepared to endorse a candidate at this time.
He also said on Tuesday that he's always gotten along with Clinton, with one exception: "I think the only disagreement we had was when she didn't support me for president, but I got over it."
-- Monica Alba covering the Clinton campaign
HTC Vive launched this week, but many customers are calling out for more information as orders secured with credit cards lie unshipped.
Customers suggest that no European orders made via card have been shipped, and that the only orders sent out were those paid for via PayPal.
A Reddit thread with more than 8000 replies is full of pre-order holders frustrated at the lack of contact from HTC, which is handling the kit's EU distribution.
Purchasers say there has been no communication regarding when orders will ship, when tracking numbers will be available and when exactly they will be charged.
"No customers who paid for pre-orders by credit or debit card have yet had their orders shipped, despite pending charges being applied to cards almost a week ago," one customer told Eurogamer. "These are now starting to expire.
"Many card customers had their payments declined because Digital River (HTC's chosen payment processor) made a mess of the transactions and triggered fraud blocks at many card issuers."
Many of the responses on Reddit come from people who pre-ordered within minutes of the HTC Vive going on sale, hoping to receive their kit as soon as possible.
Search for the problem on Twitter and there are hundreds of negative responses.
We've put in a request for comment with HTC and will update when we hear more.
Other parts in this series:
Part 2
Part 3
Licensing is as essential to the American anime business as breathing -- it precedes every new release, every translation and subtitling job, every line a voice actor speaks in a booth. New licenses are announced all the time, each one drawing varying amounts of cheering, armchair quarterbacking, and discussion.
Licensing an anime series isn't much different from licensing any other kind of film or television program, a time honored process steeped in a century of case law and a mountain of legalese. The process of licensing a show is not an easily broached subject to begin with, but since pretty much every contract also features a non-disclosure clause, even discussing it in public is usually verboten. As a result, virtually nobody knows what it takes to actually license a title.
Luckily, as a result of certain legal proceedings in the past year, we now have an entire licensing agreement in the public record. We can now explain every part in the process of licensing an anime, and how that license is maintained in the years following.
Why Licensing Happens
But we're getting ahead of ourselves. The contract comes at the end of the process. Before that, an elaborate mating dance must occur. Licensing a show is, after all, something akin to a marriage: a binding, legal agreement between two entities with the intent of doing something together that the two couldn't do separately. It's a long-term relationship that, under ideal circumstances, is built out of mutual trust and respect.
When the motion picture industry first started to develop in the early part of the 20th century, the world seemed like a much bigger place than it does today. An overseas voyage would take weeks instead of hours. Film could only be seen in theaters, and was stored on highly explosive 35mm film that weighed a good 70 pounds for a single feature. The logistics of distributing a film was insanely complicated, requiring detailed knowledge of local freight routes, train schedules and the constant nightmare of maintaining all those reels of film (which could only be played a certain number of times before getting beat up).
In that era, the idea of a company acting as a distributor in a foreign land seemed positively unthinkable. The logistical challenges were too great, the cultural barriers too tall, and communication too slow and unreliable to even think about trying to do such a thing. And yet, in the silent era, great works were being made all around the world. With just a few splices to replace inter-titles with a local language, any film could be quickly and cheaply adapted to a local market. With money to be made, a company anywhere in the world could license their film to local distributors in every country and reach a far larger audience. The film would benefit from the local expertise of the releasing company, and with any luck, they would have a hit on their hands and both companies would profit handsomely.
In the intervening years, the medium and the speed of communication has changed a lot, but the underlying reasons to license a show haven't. A local distributor can usually be trusted to know and understand the market in a way a foreigner never could. They can establish relationships with retailers and TV networks and tailor advertising to local cultural sensibilities. They can interact with customers and form a connection that would be insanely difficult for a foreign company to achieve. In the past, a local distributor would also be able to adapt (i.e. edit/rewrite) the content of the show itself to better suit the local market, though luckily this happens a lot less these days.
The Business of Licensing
So, say you're the producer of an animated TV series in a small island country somewhere in the Pacific. You hear that there is a market for your product overseas, and you want your new show to be seen by audiences around the world. How does one go about finding local distributors? And how do they find you?
The answer is surprisingly low-tech: meetings and phone calls. Producers cold-call or cold-e-mail companies that have released similar shows in their areas of the world before, and ask if they want to take a look at their shows. This is a big job, and requires pretty decent English skills. If a producer is too small to handle it themselves, they might hire a sales agent to handle this part of the process. They prepare screener copies, packets of flyers ("one-sheets") promoting new shows, and fancy catalogs of old stuff that might still be available. Some distributors like to license a bunch of TV shows or movies at once, so having a large amount of good, available content can be a real asset to getting a deal done.
And then there are trade shows, such as MIP-TV, American Film Market, TIFFCOM (attached to Tokyo International Film Festival), NATPE (National Association of Television Program Executives), and just for anime, Tokyo Anime Fair. These trade shows are huge affairs that are, by day, semi-formal meetings at booths (complete with info packets, screeners, and business cards), and at night turn into fun, casual grown-up talk. Much alcohol is consumed, and several hotel rooms are fouled.
For new distributors, these confabs are essential to getting into the content business -- it's an easy place to meet a number of influential producers, get to know them, and also meet peers and learn from them. The people doing deals are professional socialites. The friendships and acquaintences that begin at a convention often lead to decades-long business relationships. Likewise, an ill-advised bong hit at a company hospitality suite can result in nobody ever wanting to do business with you again.
Time to Do A Deal
Like any relationship, each agreement is its own story, with its own complications. The easiest way to explain it is to tell one from start to finish.
So let's say the new company AniProducer Co., Ltd. just made their first late-night TV series, Saliva Princess. They sent an English speaking representative to Tokyo Anime Fair, and there he met the owner of the new startup company 1Up Pictures LLC, who happens to be an American company that's just getting their feet wet in the DVD business. After a long night that ended in drunken vomiting at the classiest izakaya in Odaiba, the two are now best friends and the rep is CONVINCED that 1Up is the perfect company to release the beloved Saliva Princess in the U.S. And more importantly, the dude from 1Up seems to be interested. He thinks the market for saliva fetish anime is woefully underserved.
So the next week, the guy from 1Up e-mails the guy from AniProducer. The e-mail is a formal proposal:
"We are requesting ALL RIGHTS, including but not limited to, Video-On-Demand (via cable or internet, including free, subscription or paid), broadcast rights (including terrestrial, cable, satelite and IPTV), download-to-own, videogram (including DVD, Blu-ray, and any forthcoming technologies not yet invented), mobile, theatrical and merchandising."
The AniProducer rep shivers. That's a lot of rights to give up. He reads on.
"We will pay a minimum guarantee of US$50,000 for all 12 episodes, plus cost for delivery on HD-CAM, and a 15% share of adjusted gross revenues. We are requesting a term of seven years with a 6-month sell-off, with territory covering the US, Canada and Mexico. 50% of the MG will be payable upon signing, and 50% upon release of the first volume."
What does all that mean? Let's break it down…
• Minimum Guarantee is the up-front license fee. The name comes from the idea that, should the release completely tank, that's the minimum amount they'd ever have to pay for the license. Many licensors ask for a huge minimum guarantee, since publishers can easily fudge the numbers when it comes to royalties later. A bird in the hand, as they say.
• Delivery on HD-CAM is literally having someone duplicate the master tape (this can be up to US$300 per tape, which typically has 2-3 episodes on it), and FedEx it overseas. Not a big deal for a movie, but for a TV series that can add up quickly. Nowadays a publisher is just as likely to ask for broadcast-quality video files on a hard drive, since HD-CAM decks cost close to US$50,000.
• Adjusted Gross Revenue is what's left of the sales revenue, after the publisher pays themselves back for marketing, manufacturing, production and the minimum guarantee. If a show bombs, or is too expensive to bring to market, that could be nothing, but for a hit, that could be quite a bit of money. 15% is a pretty low split – most licensors ask for 20%, and some go as high as 30%.
• Term is how long a license lasts. For home video or all-rights, 7 years is pretty standard, though 5 or 10 years are both common as well. For TV or online-only, it can be as short as 1 or 2 years, though in the case of online, some contracts can automatically renew without having to renegotiate.
• Sell-off is a period of time after the Term ends, where home video publishers are not allowed to print any more copies, but can sell (or liquidate) whatever stock they have on hand. Six months is pretty standard.
• Territory is the chunk of the world where the publisher is allowed to sell the show. The US and Canada usually get sold together (though not always), or this can be broken up by continent, official language (“all English speaking territories” is a phrase that gets used a lot).
There are other details for theatrical and TV that the 1Up guy neglected to mention. For regular, linear TV broadcast, there's usually a restriction on the number of times each episode can be played. Theatrical revenues and costs are broken down separately. But it was silly to even ask for those things – nobody is going to see Saliva Princess in a theater.
The AniProducer rep breaks out a calculator and discovers that 1Up is offering just over US$4,000 per episode, which is not a lot. But at least he's offering to cover the cost of copying and FedEx'ing the master tape, which at least cushions the blow.
The rep knocks on the CEO's door and pokes his head in. He explains the offer to the CEO, who looks nonplussed.
"Does Funimation want it?" The rep shakes his head. "What about Sentai?" Nope. "NIS? Viz? Right Stuf ? Discotek ?" None of them even wanted to see a screener. Saliva just wasn't their thing.
The CEO takes a deep breath. "So they're it, huh? Well, it can't be helped. But try to negotiate at least 20% and US$5,000 an episode. And don't give them broadcast, a company that small won't know what to do with it." The CEO wasn't really counting on a huge international sales price anyway. The Japanese DVD distributor shrewedly packaged the first disc with a large plastic balloon filled with water and corn starch, turning it into an instant bestseller.
So the rep gets back on his computer and replies:
"Thank you very much for your proposal. We would like to offer the following counter-proposal..."
Time to Put It In Writing
These are the broad strokes of the agreement – the basic structure of the deal. Once that's agreed upon (and cleared by the production committee), the two could write up a “deal memo”, which is basically just a formal one-page not-really-a-contract that they both sign. Deal memos are done so that work can get started while the contract is still being worked out.
However, most Japanese companies don't really like doing deal memos. They're an unnecessary step, and they require almost as many approvals and hand-holding as the full contract, so it's a lot easier just to cut to the chase.
So in this case, the next step is to work on the contract. We'll dedicate our whole next installment to that. It could take a while.
Google Disallows Facial Recognition in Glass Apps
Worried about so-called “Glassholes” automatically identifying the faces of people around them? Google says it doesn't want that to happen, either.
The company tonight posted an update to developer policies for its wearable device Google Glass that explicitly disallows facial recognition apps.
It explained in a Google+ update: “As Google has said for several years, we won't add facial recognition features to our products without having strong privacy protections in place. With that in mind, we won't be approving any facial recognition Glassware at this time.”
The company also said that developers would not be allowed to disable the Google Glass display while using the device's camera. This comes in response to concerns that Glass wearers could surreptitiously take photos and videos of their surroundings, without those nearby able to see that they were doing so by noticing the lit display in front of their faces.
Further, Google pulled in existing Android policies for hate speech, gambling and explicit material and added them to the Glass terms. (The Android policies don't mention facial recognition.)
Said a Google spokesperson, “Our Explorer Program makes users active participants in evolving Glass ahead of a wider consumer launch. In keeping with this approach, we've updated our developer policies. We look forward to learning more from our users as we update the software and evolve our policies in the weeks and months ahead.”
I can't reference Jonah Lehrer without at least introducing him. Here was this young hot shot science journalist at the top of his game, writing articles about the cognitive benefits of chewing gum and the correct way to drink Gatorade for Wired and eventually the New Yorker.
I even feel kind of proud to say I got to correspond with him upon doing an article about traumatic brain injury. I still do. But the fact remains: he decided to write a wonderfully ambitious book on the science of creativity, and took those creative pulses as far as fabricating Bob Dylan quotes. Needless to say, his career isn't what it once was after getting eviscerated in the media. But he pokes his head out every now and then.
In this brief piece about why we watch sports, the conclusion is that we watch so long as there's an "optimal level of discrepancy". After all, if talent always wins, what's the point in watching? The underdog story speaks to more than just cliches of grit. It speaks to the audience's psychology.
In that story, the Nashville Predators are your quintessential underdog. They are that "discrepancy" amidst a status quo of so-called original six teams that didn't include six teams originally, and Wednesday Night "rivalries" between teams that never even see each other.
But Nashville is no underdog. They're marauding killing machines bred for puck hunting. They're the mustard that came alive and took 'em.
Nashville is currently 19-6-5 since January 1st. Their CF% stacks up against the rest of the league like so:
They are 1st in the league per War on Ice when suppressing high danger area scoring chances per 60 minutes of play at a clip of 8.4. The next closest team is New Jersey at 9.4 . Dallas ranks 28th at a clip of 12.2 which is basically equal to the two last place teams, Edmonton and Colorado, who suppress high danger area scoring chances per 60 at a rate of 12.3. Per Corsica, they are also first in expected goals allowed per 60.
In other words, don't let the standings fool you. This is a team that doesn't even get stellar goaltending, but doesn't need to because Nashville tends to allow chances around the perimeter.
Yes, a lot of this revolves around the play of Shea Weber, who is hardly as declining as the #fancystats suggest. But they also have Roman Josi, Ryan Ellis, and the ridiculously underrated Mattias Ekholm, who is really just ridiculously good if his company among names like Subban, Karlsson, and Leddy when it comes to exiting the defensive zone is any indication.
Defensemen eat up minutes. Even your average third pairing defensemen is gonna soak up as much time as a 2nd line center. It's important for them to support the puck from one zone to the next regardless of the forward trio so that the opponent is forced to play in their own zone. Jen Lute Costella noted this in her exhaustive breakdown of zone entries and exits during Nashville's bout with Chicago several nights ago. To wit:
When the top lines matched up against each other, Jarnkrok, Cullen and Stalberg were able to generate offensive pressure for Nashville, much like Shaw, Kruger and Versteeg were able to do for Chicago. Scoring depth leads to difficulties in getting match ups that can limit offensive pressure and opens up opportunities for the first and second lines. Because star lines often cancel each other out in the playoffs, throwing a wrench in the opponent's plan for line matching can lead to good things. That was a tall order in this series because both teams had good depth and were aggressive in pushing their offensive attack.
Dallas is more than capable of beating them. Nashville still owns an average shooting percentage, as well as an average save percentage (one of which Dallas is spectacular, one of which Dallas is spectacularly bad at). But the Stars would need their forward core firing on all cylinders to make up for their defensive shortcomings.
Styles make fights, as the prizefighting cliche goes. The worst thing Dallas could do in the playoffs would be to draw a team like Nashville. Not because they can't beat them, but because Nashville is just as elite as Chicago, just in a different way with a different system. They'd be wise to see them not as underdogs, but as Southern overlords. Offense wins championships. So welcome them to the revolution.
Jane Brodsky desperately wanted to run again. But whenever the Capitol Hill resident attempted to jog, the osteoarthritis in her left leg complained. She was hoping she'd finally found her solution one year ago when she bought a pair of Vibram FiveFingers, the sock-like shoe with articulated toes that's developed a reputation for helping users mimic running barefoot. The brand's fans convinced her that with a more natural stride, the pain would subside.
That didn't happen. But her shoes are still getting a workout. “I don't use sneakers at all now,” says the 33-year-old who wears her FiveFingers everywhere — around town, at her apartment's gym and hiking on a recent trip to Cinque Terra, Italy. She sometimes sports them while manning the front desk at Red Bow, her boutique exercise studio that offers Pilates and ballet barre classes, both of which are taught sans shoes and emphasize the benefits of foot strength.
It was Morton's neuroma, an excruciating nerve condition, that had stopped Susan-Marie Stedman of Burtonsville in her tracks. The 52-year-old marine biologist couldn't manage to hike without hurting, no matter what shoes she'd tried. Until she bought Vibram FiveFingers a year ago.
Now Stedman can't imagine wearing anything other than her “freaky feet,” her pet name for the odd-looking (some might even say ugly) shoes. She owns three pairs, which she wears when she's stretching, on the elliptical and even hang-gliding. “Once you've made the commitment to this type of footwear, you can't go back,” she says. “Disco dancing and bike riding are the two things I won't do in them now.”
It is customers like Brodsky and Stedman who've made the footwear industry realize there's a market beyond runners for nontraditional shoes. The speedsters are the ones who flipped for FiveFingers ($85 to $110) after reading Christopher McDougall's anti-shoe bible “Born to Run” in 2009, so companies quickly tried to cater to their needs, says Doug Smiley, the footwear buyer for City Sports. “Now it's evolving from running into other kinds of fitness,” he says.
The creators of the original articulated shoe, Vibram FiveFingers, introduced the KomodoSport ($110) earlier this year to appeal to multisport athletes. (Vibram)
For the past few years, minimalism has been the fastest-growing category in running. This year, Smiley says, it's become the fastest-growing category in training, too. There is a particular interest in wooing serious gymgoers who are drawn to the idea of working out every muscle in their body, including the ones in their feet. Vibram FiveFingers, which launched in 2006 (not specifically as a running shoe), has always advocated for its products being used for a variety of activities, but it was only this year that the company released the KomodoSport, engineered to appeal to athletes who want to perform multi-directional movements.
Those same folks may also be intrigued by New Balance's Minimus MX20, a cross-trainer that hit shelves July 1 with a number of features that make minimal shoe lovers drool — an anatomical shape, a wide toe box that lets you really splay and a teensy 4mm drop from heel to toe to keeps you feeling stable on the ground. The upper part of the shoe differs from a lot of the running shoes on the market, however, because it still offers support, which is more comfortable when you're stopping, starting and changing direction, explains product manager Kevin Fitzpatrick. There's another reason it has a leg up on the running shoes in the Minimus line, he adds. “When it comes to running, people can be hesitant about going minimal right away,” he says. “People have less hesitation in the gym.”
Adidas is certainly hoping so. The company just unveiled the Adipure Trainer, another articulated toe option that's scheduled to arrive in stores in November. It's billed as “the first barefoot training shoe designed specifically for the gym.”
If shoppers are less concerned about how their barefoot-style shoes will handle lateral leaps and deadlifts, there's also Fila's new Skele-Toes line, which looks nearly identical to Vibram FiveFingers. (The major aesthetic difference: There are four digits instead of five because the two smallest toes share a single pouch.) As Mark Eggert, Fila's director of design for footwear, emphasizes, “These aren't for performance per se.” Instead, they're marketed as shoes for just kicking around in — running errands rather than running.
The trend sounds smart to Mark Cucuzzella, a 44-year-old physician in Sheperdstown, W.Va., who's become one of the leading proponents of barefoot-style living. “Who can run in Vibram FiveFingers off the bat? Not many people,” says Cucuzzella, who spent years preparing his feet for the switch from traditional shoes to minimalist ones for running. “But you can start walking in a lower drop shoe immediately. Walking is the perfect transition.”
In 2010, he opened Two River Treads, the first minimalist running and walking shoe store in the country, and still the closest one to Washington. This year, he helped launch the Natural Running Center, a Web site bringing together shoe reviews, discussion forums, training tips and a library of scientific articles.
Altogether, it makes a pretty convincing argument that we've been going about building shoes the wrong way — elevating our heels, immobilizing our arches, adding so much cushioning that we can't feel the ground. Barefoot advocates claim that this has weakened our feet, impaired our proprioception, or body awareness, and generally messed with our posture and alignment, creating a host of injuries.
“If shoes are so bad for me when I run, the next logical question is are they bad for me when I walk and sit and are they just bad generally,” says Daniel Howell, who also goes by the nickname “The Barefoot Professor.” Just about the only time the 41-year-old deigns to wear shoes is when he's teaching human anatomy and physiology at Lynchburg, Va.'s Liberty University, which enforces footwear in the classroom. The lesson of his treatise “The Barefoot Book,” which was released last year, is that we'd be healthier if we all kicked off our shoes more.
He means that literally. As vice president of the Primalfoot Alliance, a new group Howell describes as “the PETA of being barefoot,” he supports going totally bare. But he understands that minimalist shoes do have their uses. “They help us transition psychologically. I don't think we need them physically,” Howell says.
Maybe that's because he hasn't been working out at D.C.'s Balance Gym. That's where David Shaw saw a number of personal trainers encourage clients to lose their shoes for certain exercises. So three years ago, he decided to attempt his workouts totally barefoot, and got rubbed the wrong way. “It wasn't the most comfortable thing to do or the most sanitary,” says the 31-year-old, who never warmed up to Vibram FiveFingers either.
These days, you'll find Shaw exercising in Converse Chuck Taylors, which some folks deem to be the original minimalist shoe. “You're not pitched forward,” he says. “It's more comfortable to lift heavy weights when you can stay balanced.” But he's still searching for something more versatile and durable.
I know a few shoe companies he should talk to.
More: For fitness news, follow @postmisfits on Twitter and subscribe to the Lean & Fit newsletter.
College newspapers: how are they shocking and outraging campus officials with mild sexual content today? Well, you know, just in the normal way, by writing something about sex. But this time, more Jewish!
The latest incident of history repeating itself comes at Yeshiva University, where the student paper, The Beacon, published an anonymous essay by a female student about having S-E-X (with a man) penis in vagina unmarried sexual relations, sex sex sex. This is literally the most explicit part of this hilariously un-scandalous-by-modern-standards essay:
Between the fumbling, the pain, the pleasure, I convince myself that I've learned how to make love. Cuddling with him that night, I tell him how much he means to me, but I know I can't tell him I love him.
Unmarried college girl drinks two beers, has consensual sexual encounter! The Whore of Babylon has returned! Of course, this is an orthodox Jewish university and therefore there are important religious considerations here, blah blah faux-respectful boilerplate, etc. Now there's a huge uproar and the paper's editor has stepped down and the student council has pulled the paper's funding, "which was $500 this past semester."
I guess what this all means is... Cute College Journalist Seeks Generous Benefactor for 'Assistance' With Expenses. Discretion a must! Vagina vagina vagina religion penis.
[WSJ]
I just turned 44. It's an age that would have scared the pants off my 25- or 30-year-old self. And it's one that many of my much-younger colleagues can't imagine: an architecture of relentless responsibility, a less animated and diverse life, seemingly endless appointments for my kids.
But it's not scary. Scary, now, is the the call that someone you love has cancer, the email confirming you'll be moving far away from family and friends, the deep sadness of a family undone by grief. But the accumulation of many messy, wonderful years? That's comforting, not frightening.
I spent my twenties and thirties in perpetual motion. I was finding love, working until 8pm, running marathons, dancing on the bar at a now-defunct Cold War spy hangout in the 50th street subway station. Amid the mania, I had remarkably little faith that I would find the things I needed. But I did.
It wasn't always pretty, and it still isn't. Everyone I know is busy and tired. Not tired from the 5am bender, with the hot-iron hangover. Tired of the endless calibration of managing everything: How many minutes can you eke out in the office before the great sprint home? How many arguments over when to book the flights home for Christmas before you just accept that your husband will never share your need to endlessly plan? How many nights can you go out in a row before the kids rebel, in whatever subtle and fascinating way they find to let you know they need you? (answer: not many).
These (very) first-world frustrations are tempered by deep contentment. I figured out what I needed, and I made it happen.
Everything is harder now. It seems I endlessly track things: my parents, my kids (no, I don't know where every sock and library book is), everyone's calendars. Just getting out the door sometimes requires a level of mindfulness and self-control I simply do not possess. But I can take it. Life doesn't overwhelm the way it used to.
I only wish I hadn't been so anxious to see where the arc of my future would lead; that I would have had more confidence that I could bend it toward the life I wanted.
Here's what I would tell my 30-year-old self:
GNOME Control Center 3.6 (along with GNOME Settings Daemon 3.6) has finally made it into the GNOME 3 PPA for Ubuntu 12.10. This was the last piece that was missing for Ubuntu 12.10 users to get a truly complete GNOME 3.6 experience.
Here's what's new in GNOME Control Center 3.6 (version in the PPA is 3.6.3) compared to the previous version available for Ubuntu 12.10 users (3.4.2):
Background: new design (the old one is till used in Unity, see below)
Mouse & Touchpad: new design
Mouse & Touchpad: new testing area
Mouse & Touchpad: natural scrolling option added ("Content sticks to fingers") for touchpad
Sound: Remove hardware page, and offer different connectors directly from the input and output pages
Keyboard: Add common keyboard layout related options to the shortcuts tab
Network: Improve the Wi-Fi page layout
Network: Split the wireless panel
Network: Add network strength to the details panel
Wacom: add support for "switch monitor" shortcut
Printers: redesigned "new printer" dialog
New option to show notifications in the GNOME Shell lock screen
The old Appearance panel (this includes the old background pane, Unity settings etc.) is now displayed only under Unity and comes as a separate package
Many other changes
To upgrade to the latest stable GNOME Control Center 3.6.3 in Ubuntu 12.10, use the following command to add the GNOME 3 PPA (the PPA will also upgrade Nautilus, Totem, etc. to the latest 3.6.x version):
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:gnome3-team/gnome3
Then, launch Software Updater use it to upgrade your packages.
Here are a few screenshots:
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
City have been relatively low profile in the transfer market this summer.
But that does not mean the Blues have not quietly been strengthening and hardening a squad that was good enough to pip the rest to the Premier League title last season.
The completion of the signing of France defender Eliaquim Mangala has slotted the final piece in their summer jigsaw, and ensured that Manuel Pellegrini will have possibly the strongest squad in City's history this season.
Other clubs have hogged the summer headlines, with Chelsea snapping up Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa, Arsenal bagging Alexis Sanchez and United also reinforcing.
That might just shut up whingeing fans who bemoan the fact that City have “bought the title”, as all of them have spent big and dwarfed the Blues' summer spending.
They might claim that City has only curtailed their spending because UEFA imposed a £49million cap due to their transgression under financial fair play rules.
But it appears that City had no major transfer spending planned in any case, with Pellegrini largely happy with his current squad barring the defence.
It was never the intention to keep splurging huge amounts every summer – the first five years of Sheikh Mansour's ownership was always intended to be about accelerated growth, to reach the top table of European football, and become a trophy contender, at the double.
Targets were identified long before the end of last season, with Mangala, Bacary Sagna, Fernando and Willy Caballero on the agenda for months.
Frank Lampard was not in the calculations, despite the innuendo of Arsene Wenger, other than as a New York City player. His secondment to the Etihad Stadium was opportune rather then devious.
But Mangala was the man needed more than any of the others.
City were vulnerable in defence last season, especially when Vincent Kompany was on the treatment table, or in Martin Demichelis' early days, as he tried to adjust to the pace and strength of the Premier League.
They had Joleon Lescott, a league title winner and thorough professional, but he was marginalised and under-used to the point that it began to show in his play whenever he was asked to step up.
He did not fit as well into Pellegrini's masterplan, which involved passing more swiftly and accurately from the back, even if he remained a fine, natural defender.
Mangala comes with the reputation of being strong, fast and and impeccable timer of tackles.
He stands six ft two ins (1.87m) tall and has the sleek, athletic build of a modern centre half.
Arguably, City are still short of a centre back under Pellegrini's policy of having two top players for every position, with doubts remaining over whether young Belgian Dedryck Boyata is good enough.
But with Karim Rekik possibly staying – a decision will be made on another PSV Eindhoven loan this week following Mangala's arrival – City may just bite the bullet and make do.
MORE
Matija Nastasic will be allowed to go if a reasonable offer comes in for him, but City are in no rush to offload the Serb, especially as he still qualifies as an Under-21 player and therefore places no strain on squad quotas.
Strangely enough, Mangala faces an immediate fight to get into the team, and Pellegrini seems likely to stick with his tried and trusted partnership of Kompany and Demichelis when their league campaign gets underway away at Newcastle on Sunday.
That depends on those two, who both featured strongly in the World Cup finals, proving this week in training that they are ready and fit to go.
Mangala will be in direct competition with Demichelis initially, and is seen as the long-term replacement for a player who last season went from pony-tailed figure of fun to a vital stalwart who ended up playing in the World Cup final
If Pellegrini could meld the two men into one player, he would have a perfect centre half.
Demichelis has the nous and experience, and shrewd organisational skills while the Frenchman is raw and yet has the power and pace that his new Argentine teammate never truly had.
If Mangala fulfils his potential, City will have a centre back pairing that has the lot – strength, solidity, speed and acute football ability.
The deal is worth £32million, giving the Blues a total outlay of about £50million this summer, balanced by income for Jack Rodwell and Gareth Barry, and more if Garcia goes.
That's far less expenditure than all of their expected title rivals, and yet the Blues still have a squad which appears the best balanced and all-round strongest in the country.
Three Portland bridges are set to go through long-term repair projects starting this spring.
Officials say they are shifting their focus to repairing current bridges this year, several months after replacing the Sellwood Bridge.
The Broadway Bridge will undergo construction between May 2017 and October 2017 to replace four large steel wheels that roll on tracks to open the bridge.
They've been in use for about a century and have become worn and cracked. Two outside traffic lanes will be closed from early May until October and two inside traffic lanes and both sidewalks will remain open at most times. Some closures may be required on nights and weekends.
The Burnside Bridge will be under construction between April 2017 to November 2019. Crews will repair railings along the sidewalk and repair concrete on the sidewalk and in the bike lanes. There will be no expansion of bike lanes or sidewalks.
Lanes won't require closures until fall 2017. There will be four weekends in April and May of 2017 when I-5 and I-84 are closed in one direction under the bridge. The first weekend closure is from 10 p.m. on April 14 until 4:30 a.m. on April 17. Expect lane closures on SW Naito under the Burnside Bridge during fall 2017. Two lanes will be closed on the bridge from late 2017 to 2019.
The Morrison Bridge will be under construction between Apil 2017 to October 2017 to replace a deck on the lift span. Four of six traffic lanes will be closed during the work and one lane will remain open in each direction. Westbound access from the east side will be limited to freeway access only. Eastbound trips to downtown from east side streets must use a different bridge. There will be bridge closures of seven to 10 days in June and September to allow the new concrete deck to cure. Vehicle speed and weight limits on the bridge will be increased after project.
The county will be holding an open house Thursday, March 23 at the Multnomah Building on SE Hawthorne for the public to learn about the projects. It'll begin at 5:30 p.m.
"We had conversations with people [in the non-profit sector] who said there was a lot of internal resistance to unconditional transfers," Niehaus told me. "If this works, what are we all here for? Why do we have jobs? There's an industry that exists that tries to make decisions for poor people and determine what's best for them. In some ways, that's the industry I came from. But the value of that hasn't been proven."
OVERCOMING STEREOTYPES
Still, GiveDirectly has a lot of work to do to overcome donor resistance to the idea of free money for the poor, much of it based on stereotypes. In the United States, abject poverty and homelessness are often correlated with mental illness and addiction, but that is not the case in rural Kenya where, as Niehaus says, most people are poor simply "because they were born in Africa." Research shows developing world cash transfers are unlikely to be spent on "temptation goods" like tobacco or beer, and the MIT economist Esther Duflo has demonstrated that in South Africa, poor people save or invest more than half of their social welfare payments. The average American, meanwhile, saves less than five percent of his or her income, no matter what its source.
In its report on GiveDirectly, GiveWell flagged several potential weaknesses of its model, most of which the organization is addressing. Because many, but not all, poor Kenyan households own a cell phone that can be used to access M-PESA payments, GiveDirectly provides a SIM card to which the cash transfers can be wired. Each month, the recipient takes his or her cell phone or SIM card to an M-PESA agent, who then distributes the cash in $200 increments. Recipients are able to make this trip in an average of 42 minutes, spending just 64 cents on transportation.
Initially, GiveDirectly worked with village elders to target potential recipients living in subpar housing. But in at least one case, an elder planted friends or relatives with adequate housing in other people's homes with mud or thatch roofs, in order to funnel payments to preferred individuals. GiveDirectly has since stopped relying on village elders to identify potential recipients. The larger effect of GiveDirectly payments on social tensions and jealousies within villages and families remains unknown, though studies of other cash-transfer schemes show few negative results. The ongoing randomized evaluation of GiveDirectly will consider whether it is more socially beneficial to target the poorest households within one village, or to provide payments to an entire village, including those who may be less poor. Research from Duflo and other economists suggests mothers and grandmothers are more likely to spend assets on children's wellbeing than fathers and grandfathers, so the evaluation will also look at any differences between how GiveDirectly's male and female recipients spend their payments.
Image copyright Getty Images
In celebration of Canada's 150 years as a country, BBC has asked Canadians who are making waves in the worlds of science, technology, art and design how the country has influenced and supported their work, and how this country and its citizens will impact on the world in the future.
Science
In 2015, Dr Art McDonald shared the Nobel Prize in physics with Japanese scientist Takaaki Kajita for their work on neutrinos - miniscule particles that are helping scientists answer fundamental questions about the cosmos.
McDonald calls his research "a further attempt to understand our universe in microscopic detail, but at the same time to understand things that influence how our universe evolved".
"We are looking for these particles which were produced in the original Big Bang and are still in our galaxy."
McDonald's research was done in Canada at the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory, a lab specialising in dark matter and neutrinos. The Ontario lab is 2km (1.2 miles) underground in order to shield it from cosmic rays.
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption The Sudbury Neutrino Observatory
There are 500 researchers worldwide working on experiments at the lab, including one investigating a rare form of nuclear decay, which could help explain the development of matter in the early universe.
His team also has "a lot of common interests" with Canadian particle physicists working at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern).
"There's a real advantage for Canadians to be plugged in internationally," McDonald says.
Beyond his own work, McDonald says Canada is excelling at different kinds of science, including physics, genomics and biology.
"The accomplishment of the Ebola vaccine here in Canada is a real international success," he says.
Like Dr McDonald, McGill University's Vicky Kaspi spends her time probing the mysteries of the universe.
Image copyright Courtesy McGill University Image caption Victoria Kaspi
Kaspi has won a number of awards for her work, and was the first woman to win the Herzberg Canada Gold Medal for science and engineering.
The Texas-born astrophysicist, who has taught at MIT and Princeton, says being based in Canada has allowed her to have larger research team than the funding structure generally allows at US universities.
Among her projects is a collaboration between several universities and observatories - the Canadian Hydrogen Intensity Mapping Experiment (Chime), a ground-breaking radio telescope.
Radio astronomy is one of the technologies developed and pioneered in Canada, Kaspi says.
Using computer processing technology originally designed for gaming and mobile phones, Chime will begin making precise measurements of the acceleration of the universe between 10 billion and eight billion years ago - the time period when the expansion of the universe began to speed up.
Image copyright CHIME Image caption Chime is being built by University of British Columbia, McGill University, the University of Toronto and British Columbia's Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory.
Kaspi says there's a "spirit of camaraderie" among researchers in the country.
"There's a little friendly competition sometimes but overall, with these big projects we're talking about, people work really well together and we recognise that there's strength in numbers."
She says there are a number of Canadian physicists making their mark in the field, including René Doyon, studying exoplanets at the Université de Montréal, Mark Halpern at the University of British Columbia and a colleague on Chime, and Ray Carlberg at the University of Toronto, working on the international Thirty Meter Telescope.
Art and design
The three founders of the Toronto-based design firm Daniel Christian Tang have an eclectic background in disciplines ranging from biochemistry to architecture and engineering.
The trio design 3D-printed fine jewellery using architectural modelling software, and among their inspirations is Canadian-born architect Frank Gehry, who once collaborated with Tiffany & Co to create an exclusive jewellery collection.
Image copyright Courtesy Daniel Christian Tang Image caption Daniel Christian Tang
"[Gehry] been able to really merge all sorts of different disciplines," says Mario Christian Lavorato, who along with colleagues Heng Tang and Luca Daniel Lavorato, is behind the label.
Christian says, as a young and multicultural country, Canadian design does not have a set look and style.
"That's also what makes it so exciting. Anything can come out of Canadian design creation," he says. "There's a type of diversity that exists here that really doesn't exist in a lot of other places."
Christian says many of the new firms in Canada are marrying the worlds of tech and design.
"There's going to be a lot of really interesting innovation coming out of here that will take that design to another level," he says.
Many designers who do become global brands end up leaving Canada to go fully international. The market in Canada remains small compared to Europe, United States and Asia, where Daniel Christian Tang is setting up a satellite office.
These include names like Jason Wu, who dressed former First Lady Michelle Obama, and Erdem Moralioglu, a UK-based Canadian and Turkish fashion designer who has dressed stars like Cate Blanchett and Marion Cotillard.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Designer Jason Wu
But Christian says Canadian designers are recognised globally for their attention to detail and the level of care they put into their brands.
"Being a Canadian presence goes quite a long way," he says.
For many indigenous peoples in Canada whose ancestors have been in North America for thousands of years, the Canada 150 celebrations are controversial.
But Aboriginal recording artist Susan Aglukark has embraced being named an ambassador for the celebrations.
"We're the original Canadians, so we're always going to participate in anything that is Canadian and makes this a better country.
"And as an artist I write about Canadian history, I write about indigenous issues in Canadian history and you know, the controversy is part of that history," she says.
Image copyright Denise Grant Image caption Susan Aglukark
The Inuk singer-songwriter grew up in Arviat, Nunavut, and has gone on to perform for Queen Elizabeth II and Nelson Mandela.
She has long been inspired by Buffy Sainte-Marie, the pioneering indigenous musician, social activist and artist whose songs have been covered by artists like Barbra Streisand and Neil Diamond.
Aglukark also points to Kashtin, a Canadian Innu country folk duo who rose to fame around the same time as Aglukark, as an inspiration.
"We became fast friends because as much as we come to this career from different places, we come to it from very isolated environment.
"When success happens, for a lot of us it's a lot," she says. "It's sometimes too much, too fast,"
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Buffy Sainte-Marie sings at the Americana Music Awards in 2015
Like Buffy Sainte-Marie, many of Aglukark's inspirations are multi-talented artists also deeply committed to activism, from one of Canada's most popular actors, Tom Jackson, to singer-songwriter Bruce Cockburn.
Aglukark says while Canada has failed indigenous people in many ways, it has done much to support indigenous art and talent.
Those artists have done some "incredible heavy lifting on our behalf in an international platform and put Canada on the map" Aglukark says.
Business and tech
One industry where the world is taking notice of Canada is artificial intelligence.
AI researchers like Geoff Hinton, Richard Sutton and Yoshua Bengio are recognised globally for their contributions to deep learning and related AI techniques behind recent innovations in the field.
Jordan Jacobs, co-founder at Toronto's Layer 6 AI, calls artificial intelligence "the most transformational tech of our lifetime and maybe the last 100 years".
"From a research perspective, it leads the world," he says.
Layer 6 AI, which uses deep learning to solve business challenges, helped found the new Vector Institute, which is trying to build a bridge between AI research and its commercialisation.
The Institute has received support and funding from banking giant RBC and Google, among others.
Canada's tech has an international legacy, from Research in Motion, which developed the Blackberry smartphone, to the now defunct Nortel Networks, a multinational telecommunications equipment maker.
But now there is a push to turn Canada into a major tech powerhouse rivalling Silicon Valley.
Jacobs says efforts to build a "Silicon Valley north" in the Toronto and Kitchener-Waterloo region of Ontario are bearing fruit, with a critical mass of new companies smart and large gaining more access to capital, and established tech companies like Google and Uber opening labs there.
There is Thalmic Labs, a wearable technology maker, which last year recently got nearly US $120m from investors, storytelling app Wattpad which raised US$66m from investors, and dozens of other companies - from e-commerce powerhouse Shopify to chat app Kik.
Jacobs says he's "super bullish" about the future of Canada's tech industry.
"We should be able to look back and draw a straight line from this moment and say - this is how we became a world leader in technologies of the future."
Image copyright Courtesy Aaron Aubrey Image caption Vikram Vij
Vikram Vij is building an Indian cuisine empire.
The Indian-born Canadian celebrity chef was not satisfied with two internationally acclaimed Vancouver restaurants. Critics have hailed Vij's, which opened in 1994, as "among the finest Indian restaurants in the world".
Vij is also a cookbook and memoir author, a television personality, and owns a ready-made food line. He's an entrepreneur, something he believes everyone is at heart.
"Everyone wants to sing and dance to their own tunes of life," he says.
Canada has not always seen itself as a hub of innovation and business ambition in comparison to its southern neighbour.
But Vij says Canada is a "brilliant place to be" for entrepreneurs.
"It is a young country," he says. "It allows you to express yourself."
"We don't get the recognition that the US might. We do our part, we do it well and we do it quietly and that's who we are," Vij says.
"And that's what's going to be our biggest asset. We are subtly elegant."
On Monday, Aug. 21, all of North America will be treated to an eclipse of the Sun, and NASA Television will carry it live from coast to coast from unique vantage points on the ground and from aircraft and spacecraft, including the International Space Station. Coverage will be featured during the live four-hour broadcast Eclipse Across America: Through the Eyes of NASA.
Programming begins at 9 a.m. PDT (noon EDT) with a preview show hosted from Charleston, South Carolina. The main show begins at 10 a.m. PDT (1 p.m. EDT) and will cover the path of totality the eclipse will take across the United States, from Oregon to South Carolina. The program will feature views from NASA research aircraft, high-altitude balloons, satellites and specially-modified telescopes. It also will include live reports from Charleston, as well as from Salem, Oregon; Idaho Falls, Idaho; Beatrice, Nebraska; Jefferson City, Missouri; Carbondale, Illinois; Hopkinsville, Kentucky; and Clarksville, Tennessee.
The Toshiba Vision screen in New York's Times Square will broadcast the program live in its entirety to give the public a big-screen view of the eclipse. Viewers in Times Square can listen to NASA coverage while observing it on the big screen by downloading the NASA app or going to https://www.nasa.gov/eclipselive.
Catch NASA's live coverage using any of the following:
NASA App
NASA App for iOS -- http://itunes.apple.com/app/nasa-app/id334325516?mt=8
NASA App for Android -- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=gov.nasa
NASA App for Amazon Fire and Fire TV -- http://amzn.com/B00ZVR87LQ
The NASA App also is available to Apple TV users.
Social Media
Facebook Live -- https://www.facebook.com/nasa
Twitter/Periscope -- https://www.pscp.tv/nasa
Twitch TV -- https://twitch.tv/nasa
Ustream -- http://www.ustream.tv/nasahdtv
YouTube -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwMDvPCGeE0
Embedding Streams
Ustream coverage can be viewed at: http://www.ustream.tv/embed/6540154?html5ui
YouTube video can be viewed at: https://www.youtube.com/embed/wwMDvPCGeE0
NASA TV Feeds
NASA TV on Galaxy-13
NASA TV channels are digital C-band signals, carried by QPSK/DVB-S modulation on satellite Galaxy-13, transponder 11, at 127 degrees west longitude, with a downlink frequency of 3920 MHz, vertical polarization, data rate of 38.80 MHz, symbol rate of 28.0681 Mbps, and 3/4 FEC. A Digital Video Broadcast (DVB) compliant Integrated Receiver Decoder (IRD) is needed for reception.
NTV-1 (Public-Education) HD Program = 101 (NTV-1)
Compression Format = MPEG-2, Video PID = 0x112 hex / 274 decimal, AC-3 PID = 0x113 hex / 275 decimal, MPEG I Layer II Audio PID = 0x114 hex / 276 decimal. NASA also is providing an uncaptioned KU feed for this event only on Galaxy 17, Transponder TBD.
NTV-3 (Media) HD Program = 103 (NTV-3)
Compression Format = MPEG-4, Video PID = 0x1031 hex / 4145 decimal, AC-3 Audio PID = 0x1034 hex /4148 decimal, MPEG I Layer II Audio PID = 0x1035 hex /4149 decimal. NASA also is providing a raw feed on the Verizon AVOC. To transmit circuit numbers are 36 TBGS 101315 AVOC TX 1 and 36 TBGS 101321 AVOC TX 2. Media requesting this connection must contact Verizon directly and have had presence on the AVOC previously.
All content and times are subject to change in real-time and without notice.
For more details and a broadcast timeline, visit:
https://www.nasa.gov/nasatv
In addition to the NASA TV broadcast, live video streams from locations across the country will be available at:
https://www.nasa.gov/eclipselive
To view and download NASA eclipse images, visit:
https://www.flickr.com/photos/nasahqphoto
All imagery and videos are in the public domain and can be used with the proper credit. For more information, please see NASA's Media Usage Guidelines at:
https://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/guidelines
News Media Contact
Dwayne BrownNASA Headquarters, Washington202-358-1726dwayne.c.brown@nasa.govAndrew GoodJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-393-2433andrew.c.good@jpl.nasa.govKaren FoxGoddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md.301-286-6284karen.c.fox@nasa.gov2017-216
When discussing the best safeties in the NFL, some of the names that are brought up include Earl Thomas, Eric Weddle, and Devin McCourty. Among others, Miami Dolphins safety Reshad Jones gets left off the short list.
Just last week, Jones said he was ready to stake his claim as one of the top safeties in the NFL. When comparing his own numbers to those of the best safeties, he sees no difference. Now, Jones is doubling down on his comments.
“I personally believe I'm the best safety in the league,” Jones said via the team's official site. “I know there are some great safeties in this league. I have a lot of respect for those guys. But my body of work speaks for itself. I've got versatility on my side. I can play both safety positions. I can make plays. I've got the numbers to back that up.”
Article continues below ...
In 12 games last season, Jones recorded 80 tackles, three interceptions, seven pass deflections and one forced fumble. Those are great numbers for a safety, but Jones still doesn't get the recognition he believes he deserves. Maybe he'll find himself noticed more this season, as fellow safety Louis Delmas is out for the year.
Jones will need to step up in his absence, which could lead to an increase in his numbers. He's prepared to lead the defense and help the rest of his teammates fill in for Delmas.
“It's a sad situation because I know how badly Louis wanted to be out here,” Jones says. “He's down right now. That's understandable. But we've got to rebound from his loss. I've just to get help make that next man feel comfortable.
“But we have depth on this team. We'll be fine.”
(h/t Miami Dolphins)
About 40 construction workers marched, carrying protest signs in front of a courthouse because they were laid off from their jobs before they were paid their final two weeks' pay. (AP Photo/J Pat Carter)
Although Javier*, who immigrated from Mexico with his family, routinely worked 50 to 60 hour weeks for four years in a Philadelphia restaurant's kitchen, he was never paid properly. When Javier demanded all the unpaid wages and overtime that had accrued, his employer threatened him with immigration consequences and physical violence against him and his family. The employer also called Javier at home repeatedly to threaten him when he learned that Javier had contacted a lawyer at Community Legal Services of Philadelphia, a civil legal aid provider. Fearing that the abusive employer would act on his threats, Javier and his family spent days without leaving their home.
Get TalkPoverty In Your Inbox Thanks for Signing Up!
Javier's experience isn't uncommon. Our civil legal aid attorneys have also represented a crew of cleaners who were locked in a restaurant overnight while they cleaned (and not paid overtime for the additional hours) and construction workers strung along for years with partial weekly payments, among others. We have even had to sue the same employers multiple times on behalf of different workers. And the practice is widespread. A report from Temple University's Sheller Center found that in any given work week in the Philadelphia area, almost 130,000 workers will be paid less than minimum wage, over 100,000 will experience an overtime violation, and over 80,000 will be forced to work off-the-clock without pay.
Although wage theft is illegal under federal law and under statutes in most states, enforcement is underfunded—sometimes nonexistent. This disproportionately impacts low-wage workers, who are more likely to work in low-regulation and non-union jobs where employers cut corners at their expense. But these workers—who need those wages the most—don't know where to turn for help when they do not receive a paycheck, fear losing their job if they complain, or simply cannot afford to miss work for the several days that it takes to file a complaint and attend a court hearing. And for immigrant workers like Javier, they are often threatened based on their immigration status when they complain to their boss.
Enforcement of wage left laws is underfunded—sometimes nonexistent.
And between the small number of workers willing to complain and low financial penalties, deterrents to wage theft are inadequate to curb the practice. In Pennsylvania, for example, the Wage Payment and Collection Law only mandates a penalty of 25 percent of wages due on top of repaying the wages. Thus, if an employer doesn't pay six workers and only four come forward with formal complaints in court, the employer comes out ahead—he pays less in fines than he would have had he paid his six workers correctly.
Unfortunately, bills that would help address these issues have languished in the legislature for more than a year despite the support of the vast majority of voters. In the absence of legislative action, we have found that local ordinances are a powerful locus of action, even though they impact fewer workers.
As the workshops of democracy, cities and municipalities also allow us to test new models on a limited scale and to identify what should be replicated on a wider scale. This was a tried and true strategy in the context of paid sick days: after an organized and effective campaign over the last few years, activists managed to pass a paid sick leave ordinance in Philadelphia last year. Similar ordinances have come out of San Francisco, Seattle, New York, and Los Angeles, among other cities.
We therefore partnered with labor and community activists to pass a local anti-wage theft ordinance that fit well within the powers of a municipal government. The legislation included three main facets, each of which was integral to the legislation.
First, an administrative enforcement mechanism allows workers to bring complaints against their employers without having to miss work and therefore pay. Making the complaint process easy and the hearing free is a critical way to expand remedies by making them practically available to more people. Although the federal Department of Labor already offers this kind of service, it does not do so for workers who work at businesses that have less than $500,000 in annual revenue. Some states offer a similar complaint process, but their efficacy varies.
Second, the legislation requires that penalties be raised. The current penalties in Pennsylvania are shamefully low, making wage theft an economically good decision for the unscrupulous employer. By raising penalties, the ordinance should increase compliance by making wage theft a bad economic decision.
Third, the legislation allows the city to go after business licenses, further demonstrating to employers that wage theft is a poor business decision. By allowing the city to revoke or suspend a business license, we can root out the worst actors and prevent them from causing further harm (or cajole them into compliance).
With these principles in mind, we partnered with Councilman Bill Greenlee, who had led and won the seven year fight for paid sick leave, and introduced a strong bill in City Council. Boosted by press coverage of the widespread local wage theft problem, we built a broader network of community leaders and advocates, created supporting materials, wrote legal memos, met with editorial boards, and lined up workers to tell their stories. The bill passed City Council in October and was signed by Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter in December. The ordinance will go into effect in July 2016 and will be implemented by our new Mayor, Jim Kenney.
Despite all appearances, legislative change that benefits working families is possible, even when state politics makes it seem impossible. In order to achieve pro-working family change, activists need to alter their frame by working at the local level, rather than deal with the gridlock and lack of action at the federal level and state levels.
After all, as former U.S. Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill famously said, “All politics is local.”
*Name has been changed.
Prepare for Disasters and Learn Life-Saving Skills - Join Escondido CERT
What is CERT?
CERT stands for Community Emergency Response Team. CERT is a joint effort between the Escondido Fire Department and you, a member of the community, to become better prepared for emergencies.
stands for Community Emergency Response Team. is a joint effort between the Escondido Fire Department and you, a member of the community, to become better prepared for emergencies. CERT program instructors from the Escondido Fire Department provide emergency preparedness and response training. Graduates of the CERT program also have an opportunity to become disaster volunteers with the city and make a difference!
Why is CERT important?
Disasters happen, and when they do it can take 72 hours for emergency services to help those who have been affected.
Preparing in advance and knowing what to do to keep yourself, your family, and your neighborhood safe can mean the difference between being a victim and being able to help. CERT training can help you make a difference.
What does CERT training cover?
CERT training will teach you how to:
Prepare yourself and your family for natural disasters and acts of terrorism.
Put out small fires.
Assess damage to buildings.
Provide basic first aid.
Perform simple search and rescue operations.
When is CERT training held?
CERT Training Academy is usually held late February and early March.
How can I find out more about CERT?
Contact Jeff Murdock with the Escondido Fire Department, by e-mail or by phone at 760-839-5406
ESCONDIDO CERT
Coordinated by the Escondido Fire Department
Aggressive Care Still Common For Dying Seniors, Despite Hospice Uptick
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Pat Carter/AP J. Pat Carter/AP
Although federal data show that fewer Medicare beneficiaries are dying in hospitals that doesn't mean they're getting a lot less medical care in their final days, new research suggests.
Even as deaths in acute-care hospitals declined between 2000 and 2009, the use of intensive care units in the final 30 days of life increased, as did short-term hospice use. The rate of changes to care for these patients, such as transfers within the last three days of life, also increased.
To gerontologist Joan Teno, the study's lead author, the increased use of hospice is encouraging but she worries about when seniors are referred to hospice care.
"While there is greater access to hospice services, there's also more ICU, more repeat hospitalizations, and more late transitions in the last three days of life," Teno said during an interview. "The good news is that we are referring to hospice. The bad news is we're referring to hospice in the last hours of life."
The findings appear in the latest issue of JAMA, the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Researchers from the Warren Alpert School of Medicine at Brown University and elsewhere analyzed of Medicare claims data from a random sample of more than 800,000 seniors 66 years and older, who died in 2000, 2005 and 2009.
While a 2010 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had looked at where patients died, researchers in this study examined beneficiaries' medical claims during the last 180 days of life.
Hospice use at the time of death increased from nearly 22 percent in 2000 to 42 percent in 2009, the authors reported. But short stays of three days or less went from 22 to 28 percent. About 4 in 10 of those short stays came after time in a hospital ICU.
The increase in the number of short hospice stays following hospitalizations, suggest that aggressive care at the end of life is growing, Teno says. "We really need to improve our referral patterns to make sure that people are receiving the appropriate and timely access to palliative care services at the end of the life," she said.
Jon Radulovic, the vice president of communications of the nonprofit National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization, says the study adds to concerns about end-of-life care. "With the number of patients (in hospice) who die under seven days or less, it's questionable whether the patient and family caregivers are able to fully benefit from the unique services that hospice offers," he said.
With some provisions of the federal health law set to take effect in 2014, Teno sees an opportunity to hold institutions more accountable.
"The opportunity under health care reform is to really pay for quality and not pay for another day in the ICU," she said. "Our fee-for-service system has probably resulted in overutilization of care and really, what we want to do is get the right care at the right time, for the right person, at the right location. And we want to respect the patient's right to choose."
BEIJING — A brief news article published on Sunday by a score of state-run news media outlets offered an account of an unexpected judicial verdict: a Beijing municipal court had sentenced 10 people to jail for illegally detaining and assaulting a group of citizens who had come to the capital to lodge complaints about official malfeasance in their hometown in China's central Henan Province.
The defendants had flashed government identification cards when they rounded up the 12 petitioners and bundled them off to a secret “black jail” on the outskirts of the capital, according to The Beijing Youth Daily, the first paper to publish the news.
Legal rights advocates hailed the landmark court decision, said to be the first of its kind in any such case in the capital, as did many users of Sina Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter. “Great news,” wrote one. “This is the start of rule of law.”
But apparently the news was too politically discomfiting to survive. By the end of the day, the article had been deleted from most Web sites, and a court employee insisted that news accounts of the verdict were false. The Beijing Youth Daily, the court employee said, had agreed to publish an apology.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
No apology had appeared on the newspaper's Web site by late Sunday.
At first glance, the episode appeared to highlight imperfections in the Communist Party's well-oiled propaganda machine: if the news was indeed untrue, why did tightly controlled media outlets, including People's Daily and the Xinhua news agency, publish it? (The censors were not terribly effective: as of early Monday, a handful of Chinese Web sites and news portals still featured the news.)
To the outsider, the Nottingham accent might make the person speaking it sound thicker than Barry White's shit on Boxing Day morning, but don't kid yersen; it's actually the most complex dialect in the UK., drawing in and absorbing speech patterns and slang from Derbyshire, Yorkshire, Lancashire and the South before spitting them back out in a concentrated stream of inflection, tone, tempo and swearing.
It's by far the most contradictory accent in the world; to speak it correctly requires huge amounts of intelligence, while making you sound like fifty points have automatically dropped from your IQ. This is why you hear youths on the bus constantly adding the term ‘Yer get meh?' on the end of everything they say; because our dialect is so complicated, there's a possibility the recipient hasn't got him at all, and he's politely enquiring whether the message has been understood.
The first thing you need to know about the Notts accent is that only a third of the population of the city actually speak it, because it's really a North Notts accent. People who live south of the Trent might as well be living in Berkshire. Of the remainder, half of those are deeply ashamed of their natural accent, while our mouth-breathing youth think it's clever to sound like a Gay Tim Westwood after a brain haemorrhage.
With the advent of another Robin Hood film with another Hollywood actor getting it appallingly wrong, it's time to take our accent back.. Follow these simple ground rules, practice them at every opportunity, and you will be appalling your parents over the Christmas dinner table with your wonderful new accent...
1. NEVER ASSUME THAT A STANDARD NORTHERN ACCENT WILL CUT IT
I've had friends who have been to the top drama schools in the country, and their voice teachers have actually told them that if they were to portray a character from Nottingham, they're screwed, as it's the hardest British accent to pull off. Their instructions: do Standard Northern. Sorry, but that's like saying; "If you're ever playing Othello, do Jim Davidson's 'Chalky' accent, because that will be very authentic and it won't offend anyone at all."
Listen; we're not North, and we're not South. We're Midlands. And East Midlands, at that. Attempting Standard Northern accent - whatever that is -will get you nowhere, because the Notts dialect is far too subtle for that. Attempt to wing it, and you'll look a right bell-end.
2. DON'T BOTHER TRYING TO LEARN IT OFF THE TELLY
Fact: 99% of all ‘Nottingham' accents on programmes and films are ludicrously off-base. Albert Finney tried to busk his way through Saturday Night and Sunday Morning with a Manc accent. That little get off EastEnders was eternally stuck in Yorkshire during the entire run of A Thing Called Love. Kevin Costner was literally laughed out of the Odeon during the UK premiere of Prince of Thieves.
3. REPLACE WORDS THAT END IN ‘Y' AND ‘IE' WITH ‘EH'
If you do nothing else, do this. All the time. It's the absolute fulcrum of the Notts accent. You know the way every pop star since 1955 has sung the word 'Baby'? That's how we say it. For example; if you're a student, you never go to Rock City to watch a button-faced ponce drag out the fifteenth minute of his undeserved fame; you go to Rock Citeh to see Pete Docherteh. Your best mate is not called Julie; she's Juleh. You're not studying at a place of Higher Learning; you're at Uneh. Quite possibly doing a Joint Honours in Istreh and Sociologeh. Maybe living in Strelleh. Doing a part-time job in Ockleh to make some extra munneh so you can afford a season ticket at Notts Caanteh.
4. LEARN THE NOTTINGHAM VERSION OF 'THE RAIN IN SPAIN FALLS MAINLY ON THE PLAIN'
Whose that bloke who sang Gold? And To Cut A Long Story Short? Y'know, him who was on Reborn In The USA who wasn't the bloke off Go West? It wasToneh Adleh Aht Ter Spandaah Balleh. Repeat that, in the mirror, at least five times before going out in the morning.
5. MIX BOTH NORTHERN AND SOUTHERN ACCENTS IN THE SAME SENTENCES
In other words, combine harsh Northern vowel sounds with drawn-out Southern ones, and then snip off a few vowels or even add new ones for good measure. It'll take a lifetime to master it, but here are a few examples:
Northern Notts Southern Up (‘Oop') Shirt (‘Shot') Down (‘Daahn') Bath (‘Baff') Work (‘Wok') Out (‘Aht') Just (‘Joost') Home (‘Om) Sound (‘Saahnd') Must (‘Moost') Take (‘Tek') Town ('Taahn')
Ergo, a sentence such as ‘I was about to have a bath before going to town in an attempt to find a new girlfriend, but realised my shirt was dirty, so I went out to buy a new one' is pronounced: ‘I wor joost abaaht ter tek a baff after wok before gooin' dahn tahn fu the fanneh - but me shot wor dotteh, so I went aht ter gerra new'un. Saahnd as a paahnd'
6. CALL EVERYONE ‘DUCK' AS OFTEN AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE
Seriously. One of the greatest things about living in Notts is that you can call everyone - from a rabidly feminist barmaid to the maddest-looking bloke on he buses - ‘Duck', and completely get away with it. It's the de facto term of endearment that transcends age, gender, sexual preference, class, race and even species. If you know someone really well, you can even call ‘em ‘Duckeh' and no-one will bat an eyelid.
7. MALES: CALL YOUR PEERS ‘YOUTH', REGARDLESS OF AGE
The second most important term of endearment in Notts. Mainly deployed amongst males, it can be used regardless of age. One of the most tear-jerking things you will ever see in Nottingham is two hard-looking bastards in their forties referring to each other in a pub as ‘Youth' and ‘Duck'.
8. LADIES: SCREECHING ‘OOWERRRRRRRRRRR!' VERY LOUDLY IN A RISING
AND FALLING INFLECTION AUTOMATICALLY WINS ANY ARGUMENT
9. REPLACE WORDS THAT END IN ‘OLD' WITH ‘ODE'
So, if the windows in your shared house are a bit ode, you might be really code come winter. And if you had pointed out to your housemate in September that it would be a good idea to get some insulation sorted out, but he ignorded you, you're well within your right to point out that you tode him so.
The exception to the rule is ‘gold'. Toneh Adleh Aht Ter Spandaah Balleh never sang ‘Gode', because that would have sounded well Dezzeh.
10. SAY 'FUCKING' AT EVERY AVAILABLE OPPORTUNITY
This word is the glue that binds practically every Nottinghamian sentence together, but it needs to be said properly; FOOO-kin. Let the syllables bounce, like a table tennis ball. Use it at the start of a sentence, and up to three times in the middle of one. And don't forget; in certain parts of Nottingham, saying 'FOOO-kin'...' and nothing else is a sentence in itself.
11. STRETCH OUT AS MANY ONE-SYLLABLE WORDS AS POSSIBLE INTO TWO
This is for advanced students of the dialect, but it's worth experimenting with as early as possible. For example; Where do your socks go? On your Fee-urt. What do you need to record a television show when you have no recordable DVD player? A Tay-up. Sometimes it works: sometimes it doesn't.
12. REPLACE WORDS THAT END IN ‘A' AND ‘ER' WITH ‘ARR'
Again, for the extremely advanced only, and mainly deployed by women. The classic example of this is; ‘I saw Nanarr fighting with Tanyarr on Trisharr over a lie detectarr'.
Last week the Jerusalem city councilman and settler Aryeh King gave a presentation at a private apartment in New York, and having signed up with Americans for a Safe Israel, I was supplied the address by telephone and attended. The gathering was in a sprawling apartment over Central Park. On one wall was a full-length oil portrait of the owner and his wife and on another was a pastel drawing of the wife in a cloche hat and scarf. The portraiture was endearing but slightly out of date. That is the most comforting fact about hard-right Zionist events; everyone's older than me, and I'm 60.
Aryeh King stood out because he has real energy. As I sucked down red wine from settlements (Beit El and Gush Etzion), my eye was drawn to him at once. At about 45, with a barrel chest and a balding bulletshaped head topped by a yarmulke, he looks like he could be a bouncer, but he's got a verbal bullish charm and could draw people almost anywhere. When he began speaking, he didn't stop for two hours (as Alex Kane found when he met him last year). Ritual fringes hung from the hem of his open purple shirt over brown dungarees; and a lot of his speech was religious. He calls Netanyahu the “most dangerous prime minister” for Jerusalem because he is aiming to cordon off neighborhoods to prevent Jews from moving into them, he dismisses Naftali Bennett as “Bibi in a kippa,” and he derides the Jewish National Fund as a “post-Zionist” organization because it has allowed 750 Arabs to live on lands that it should be giving to Jews.
King was in the U.S. to energize the “Jewish nation” on behalf of the Jewish state, he said, and much of his talk described meetings with rich foreign Jews who are buying up land in occupied territories. He is good friends of the Florida settler baron Irving Moskowitz; King told of two rejected offers he carried from Moskowitz to buy land in East Jerusalem (from the JNF and from Hebrew University). He talked about his work with the Australian tech magnate Kevin Bermeister to expand Jewish Jerusalem in all directions. The night before he had met with the Lubinskys in Brooklyn to discuss efforts to Judaize the Mount of Olives.
That's where King lives. When he told us that his neighborhood had grown in 15 years from a few families to five kindergartens and 500 Jewish children, the audience of 40 broke into applause.
The racist element of King's message was unapologetic. “We want maximum Jews to own maximum land,” he said, and warned that Jerusalem has gone from 70 percent Jewish to 62 percent Jewish in the last 20 years or so. Seeking to reverse the trend, he showed us videos of himself working with the Israeli army to serve papers to evict Palestinians from houses built on “Jewish land.” The Galilee was even worse: “70 percent Arab. It's much much worse than in east Jerusalem.”
In the American political context, such statements would be a third rail. In a Zionist context, they're manna.
But give the devil his due, the most interesting part of the evening was King's geopolitics. Let me relay a couple of his riffs.
The last time King had been in New York, his host said that he had been too pessimistic.
“I want to end with something optimist. I tell you that I really believe that it's all depend on who is the leader. Not who is your leader— by the way. People say ‘Obama, Obama.' Shtuyot. [Translating] Nonsense…. You can do in Jerusalem and Israel everything– and Obama if you're asking me would not think about touching Israel. And I will explain to you why. Today more than ever United States needs Israel more than Israel needs the United States. I will give you three examples.”
King's three examples were, first, that the U.S. needs a military base in Israel as it never has before. “The US can depend on no country” in the region except Israel. “No Turkey, no Egypt, no one.” King said that all the arms the US supplies to Turkey, Iraq and Egypt are stored in Israel. “There is a town under the ground,” he said, controlled by the American army. And American ships used to be repaired in Egypt. Now: Israel.
The second reason was radar. The United States operates a radar that defends Europe from a mountain in southern Israel called Har Keren. “Israeli army cannot go there. To protect what? Europe– not Israel.”
The third reason was a train line that is being built for billions of dollars to connect Eilat on the Red Sea with Ashkelon on the Mediterranean. King said that the train construction began after the Muslim Brotherhood took over Egypt and the west feared it would lose access to the Suez Canal. And though the Egyptian dictator who knocked out the Brothers had expanded the Suez canal, “Today, it's Sisi, tomorrow can be again [Mohammed] Morsi, and the brothers.”
It sounded a lot like Noam Chomsky and Jeff Halper's analysis. King concluded by saying that this gives an Israeli leader autonomy, but he must wield that power on behalf of Jews.
Believe me, today America needs Israel more than in history… They don't have anyone else to depend on…. I believe that if we have the right leader in Israel– someone who believe we own Eretz Israel and we own Jerusalem– not because of security reasons, not because of demographic reasons– but because we have a book that is saying it.
Someone then asked, Who would you vote for?
Whoever believe in God, I believe in him.
So to be clear, King believes as do many Zionists that the bible ordains the Jewish state, Zionism is inherent in the Jewish religion.
At this point, our host, Mark Langfan, interrupted to say that we all needed to convey a message about Muslim refugees to our neighbors.
“Today they're bringing suitcases. Tomorrow, without Israel, they're going to be bringing Kalashnikov's. That's all you say.”
Then Langfan handed out a map showing Israel standing between 11 million Christians in Greece and 300 million or so Muslims to the east.
I asked Aryeh King a question: The reason Netanyahu has disappointed you is that he is under great international pressure to do something that looks like he's allowing the creation of a Palestinian state. And if Israel doesn't do anything to enfranchise Palestinians, won't boycott pressures just increase?
King said that he would give citizenship to Palestinians in Jerusalem, but that in Judea and Samaria– biblical terms for the West Bank– “We need to give them citizenship with Jordan.” Jordan is already 70 percent Palestinian, and if Israel (somehow) gives Palestinians Jordanian citizenship and gives them money –“each one of them, $100,000” — “they will go.”
He called this the “Hagar” plan. The bible records the Jews' struggle for their land, he explained. In Genesis, Isaac fights Abimelech for land around Beersheba; and in the same book, God tells Abraham that he will make a nation of the descendants of Ishmael, Abraham's son by his servant Hagar; but Abraham has to turn Hagar and the boy out. So Abraham gave bread and water to Hagar “and sent her away,” the bible says. Ishmael's descendants became Muslims.
By sending the Palestinians to Jordan, King said, “we are helping out to build their country.”
And what about the boycott movement? I asked. King said boycott would “disappear.” By 2020, Israel will have much better and stronger allies in Europe. Another lesson in geopolitics–
“Paris was just the beginning,” King said. There will be many more attacks in Europe. And in the next few years, the army of a northern European country will open fire on Muslims inside its borders. How will that come to pass? A small European monarchy like Belgium, Denmark or Sweden will have greater autonomy to act than France, Germany, or Spain; and it will feel threatened by the Muslims in its borders, because in any area in which Muslims are a majority, from a street to a city to a country, “by law they must enforce the Sharia law on the rest of the city,” King said. “So that's happening already.”
As I left the place, I reflected that many in Israel and ISIS really do share an interest; a religious war/clash of civilizations would actually be a boon to Jewish nationalists and Islamist extremists, and bind Israel and the west for another generation or so. I thought of the time a few years back that former Israeli admiral Ami Ayalon, a liberal Zionist matinee idol, told J Street that Israel had constructed a nationalist story to get the settlers to move to Jerusalem and the West Bank– well, he said, it could create another nationalist narrative to get them to move back into Israel. This is clearly not true. King has a religious story that precedes all that. He doesn't plan on going anywhere.
Pain management
The structure and function of the spine make the back prone to pain and injury. The spine consists of 33 vertebrae, divided by flexible cartilage, which are called intervertebral discs, while it is surrounded and penetrated by ligaments, muscles and nerves. Unsuccessful, sudden movement, too much load (for example, carrying weights) or poor posture can cause a sharp back pain (in everyday life they say: “Back shot”).
In many cases, back pain is not a serious disorder and can easily be prevented if, of course, it is not associated with serious diseases and injuries of the spine (including with osteochondrosis), and in some cases with diseases of the gastrointestinal tract or urinary system (for example, kidney stones).
It is known that in 95% of cases, a sharp back pain is associated with muscle spasm or pinching of the nerve root vertebrae. The pain is so intense that the first in importance is the issue of pain relief. This is quite natural, since it is pain that makes its own adjustments to the habitual way of life, significantly affecting the motor abilities of a person, and the question of the reasons for its occurrence is already secondary.
The first thing you need to do – as much as possible unload the spine. During the exacerbation observe bed rest. During this period, even its own weight – a solid load for the spine.
Find a comfortable posture in which relief comes, the pain subsides. Usually, when the lumbar pain is localized, this position is lying on its back with one or several hard pillows under the legs. Sometimes it is more convenient to lie on your side, with a pillow or cushion attached under your waist or between legs bent at the knees ..
The article Acute back pain – what to do? said in detail how to act if you suddenly had a sharp back pain. If the postures offered in this article are uncomfortable for you or do not relieve the pain, try the postures described below to find a position in which the pain is not felt and to rest for 24 hours.
But remember that strictly limited exercise is necessary to reduce inflammation and prevent stiffness.
Since the causes of pain in different people are different, you need to try every posture and every exercise and in this way find the ones that best help you. If at some change in body position during the exercise you feel that the pain has subsided, take this posture for rest.
Conversely, do not remain in any posture if the pain increases. Try moving on the bed if you have it with a hard mattress, otherwise use a gymnastic mat or a mat.
Methods of struggle with back pain
Before turning to the popular methods of dealing with back pain, I propose to consider the most popular and most effective methods.
Since they are very effective and quickly eliminate the pain, then you need to understand they will be paid (you can scroll through the paragraph if you are interested in free methods).
Massage mats. The Lyapko applicator. It is not the cheapest way, but one of the most effective, judging by the opinions of people and doctors.
Cream. There are effective and not effective, expensive and cheap – it is very difficult to find a good cream for back pain and not stumble upon a fake. When choosing a cream I advise you to use the recommendations of friends and certainly not advertising.
Massage. There is generally 50/50. Got to a good specialist, got the effect, did not get – money wasted. I do not advise you to go to the first comer, as you can not only not get a therapeutic effect for your back, but also aggravate the situation.
Position
This position provides peace for the back muscles and intervertebral discs, due to which the muscles relax, the spasm decreases somewhat and the pain subsides.
Lie on your stomach, stretching your arms at your sides.
If the pain does not recede, place a pillow under your stomach. If this does not help, turn slightly on the hip and try both on the right and on the left, since the effectiveness of a particular movement is determined by the location of the damage. Put your head on your hands, if that's more convenient for you.
A warning. If any exercise results in either increasing or increasing pain, immediately stop the pain. Continuing, you can exacerbate the problem.
In the first two days, the exercises proposed here should be repeated no more than three times each approximately three times a day. At other times, just relax.
As the pain subsides, gradually increase the number of repetitions to the maximum – 10 times each exercise.
Lie on your back and bend your knees at a right angle, while your feet should remain on the floor.
Bend the lower back, tearing your back from the floor, and then forcefully push it into the floor. Keep your chest still while your hips sway back and forth.
Repeat the exercise three times, at the end of the exercise, the waist should be in a neutral position in the middle between the extremes.
After two days, begin to gradually increase the number of repetitions of this exercise to 10.
Lie on your back and bend your knees, as in the previous exercise, but your hips should lie on the floor.
Move your knees from side to side, dropping them to the floor as low as possible. Repeat the exercise three times. After two days, begin to gradually increase the number of repetitions up to 10 times.
Back Pain Treatment
After reducing the severity of pain, be sure to consult a doctor who will correctly determine the nature of the disease. Do not forget: acute back pain is a symptom characteristic not only of osteochondrosis, but also of many other diseases.
Relieve your condition yourself, without harming your health, you can, just knowing the diagnosis, when you resume or increase chronic pain, which you are already well known.
In the first hours of exacerbation, if possible, contact a specialist in manual therapy for help. With this method, you can remove the attack, stop the pain.
During an attack of acute pain, it is necessary to cool down the site of pain. Excellent in such cases, fit a cool shower or just cold (ice) on the lumbar region. If you use ice, you must first wrap it with a towel so as not to cause frostbite of the upper layers of the skin.
If, in addition, heat is applied at the site of injury, it will only increase blood flow, and, consequently, aggravate the damage and increase pain.
If the back pain is very strong, unbearable, take a painkiller, then what is in the home first-aid kit: 1-2 tablets of Analgin, Baralgin, Tempalgin, pre-crush into powder, so that they digest better and faster and do not cause much damage to the stomach and intestinal mucosa.
20-30 minutes after the first dose of the medication did the relief not come? Again, take 1-2 analgesic pills. If the pain is still not subsided, you will have to use stronger means. Suitable Solpadein, Nato, Trigan, Diclofen (can be in the form of candles).
How to take and in what doses, you will learn from the instructions attached to the drug.
To reduce the processes of inflammation, you can use anti-inflammatory ointment on the area of pain. They will reduce the swelling that will be present at the spinal cord infringement site, and thereby speed up the healing process.
But the use of painkillers should be only according to the indications (severe pain). And it must be remembered that having muffled pain with the help of drugs, our body will not be able to receive a signal about possible disorders in the back area.
In the very first hours, use drugs such as menthol, anestezin, escuzan, creams containing horse chestnut, ointments with anti-inflammatory properties: voltaren, butadione, piroxicam. They will reduce the viscosity of the blood, increase the rate of venous outflow, which will help to remove the swelling that often forms in the damaged part of the spine.
When the swelling subsides, it is more appropriate to use a finalgone type of rubbing. Due to the highly irritating activity of the drug, it is sufficient to squeeze no more than 5 mm of ointment from a tube. Carefully rub the finagon into the skin on the patch in 30-40 centimeters. Do not press your back too hard, causing unnecessary suffering, but at the end of the procedure, which will take 1-2 minutes, the pressure of the hand should be pronounced.
Apply ointment 2-3 times a day. It has an excellent anti-pain effect.
You can also use Dolgit cream, Bom-Benge. Some are well helped by the ointment Vipratoks and Viprosal, containing snake venom, and Virapin with bee venom in the composition, but they are contraindicated for people suffering from diabetes, kidney disease, liver disease and pregnant women.
How to relieve back pain?
Stretching. Stretching exercises relieve back pain well for two reasons. This relieves tension in tired muscles and strengthens weaker areas. Stretching in the presence of pain should be done carefully. Make sure that the discomfort does not get stronger.
Bath with sea salt. When the back makes itself felt too often, resort to relaxing procedures. Sea salt can alleviate your condition. Do not use too hot water, it can lead to swelling of the muscles. Only warm water is suitable for this restorative procedure.
Adjust your body position in your sleep. One of the causes of back pain can be an uncomfortable body position during sleep. Therefore, before planning a trip to the doctor, make sure that your bed is as comfortable as possible and that the mattress is not too soft. As a radical measure, experts recommend sleeping for a few days on a hard surface (for example, on the floor) in a supine position. In case you sleep on your side, put a small pillow between your knees. Ointments In case of emergency, when the pain becomes unbearable, many people go to the pharmacy and buy a warming or cooling ointment without a prescription. What is the difference between these two types of drugs? A warming ointment relaxes the muscles, while a cooling one is aimed at eliminating pain. Do not continue to use the tool if you notice that the drug does not cope with its mission. Watch your posture. Many of us know from childhood that a hunched spine can cause pain. When you were at school at the desk, the teachers often pulled you down and asked you to sit up straight. Now the bones have grown and strengthened, but straight posture is still relevant. Try to keep your back level. You will be surprised how powerful this habit has. In addition, try not to tilt your back down and keep your legs on a flat surface. Ice and a heating pad If your back pain is caused by increased exercise or work on your backyard, you will be helped by years and a heating pad. Ice packs should be applied immediately after injury. After two days you can switch to heat. Ice works as a painkiller, and a warm water bottle stimulates blood flow. The standard time for one procedure is 20 minutes. Use a natural pain reliever Endorphins can be an excellent alternative to medicinal pain relievers. Thus, activities that cause you joy and euphoria (aerobic exercise, massage, meditation, or sex) help to block pain signals.
Strengthen your heart. In strength training, you are working on your hips, pelvis and lower back, believing that this will be enough for a strong back. However, the health of the whole body is impossible without a strong heart. Make sure that you do not have any pathologies and that you devote sufficient time to cardiovascular exercise.
Strengthen your heart In strength training, you are working on your hips, pelvis and lower back, believing that this will be enough for a strong back. However, the health of the whole body is impossible without a strong heart. Make sure that you do not have any pathologies and that you devote sufficient time to cardiovascular exercise.
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump arrives on stage for a town hall meeting at the Miami Dade college in Miami, Florida, on September 27, 2016. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images)
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Newsweek Magazine is teasing a story out Thursday that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump did business with Cuba at a time when it would have been against the law.
Newsweek sources include former Trump executives, internal company records and court filings.
Visit https://t.co/fprhwOB2Lr on 9/29 for @kurteichenwald‘s cover story on how Donald Trump's company violated the US embargo against Cuba pic.twitter.com/SdYANoyLvI — Newsweek (@Newsweek) September 29, 2016
In July, CBS4's Jim DeFede went one-on-one with Trump. DeFede specifically asked him about doing business with Cuba.
DeFede said to him, “You must have over the years looked with an eye toward Cuba and thought, ‘What an amazing opportunity Cuba would be for an investment.'”
“Well I think at the right time Cuba would be a good opportunity for investment. I think probably the time's not right… there are a lot of things that are wrong with Cuba right now.”
Trump's hopes of winning the White House hinges on whether he can win Florida's 29 electoral votes.
For more on Campaign 2016, click here.
Came out pretty well, in all honesty. If I were to rate them, from my favorite to least favorite, in terms of result, I'd say: Freddy > Bonnie > Chica. Don't worry, Prototype Foxy will be a thing soon enough, same with Withered BB (As the test panel teases).If too many people have difficulty reading the test panel, I'll put it in the description. I decided for the setting to be a storage warehouse, since I don't see any reason why Prototypes wouldn't be put there. It's also why I decided to have multiple props laying around, like the wooden pizzas and sun.Transparent Versions: sta.sh/219d8cz9s8su?edit=1 (NOTE: Chica may look bigger than the others, but she really isn't, since the other two are the same size, they just have a bunch of empty space around them.)
For those who haven't yet heard the news, the US now has a gluten-free labeling standard which was recently approved by the FDA.
Main Points
20 PPM
Products labeled gluten free must contain less than 20 parts per million (ppm). This includes food that is under the jurisdiction of the FDA, but not those covered by USDA, such as meat and poultry.
Testing Not Required
While manufacturers are responsible for making sure their food meets the requirements, they are not required to test their food products.
Voluntary Labeling
Gluten free labeling is voluntary. That means that manufacturers don't have to label something as gluten free, even if it is.
Restaurants
How this will affect restaurants is unclear. The American Celiac Disease Alliance has asked for clarification on this.
My Thoughts
I have expressed before that I would prefer a lower level of gluten such as 10 ppm. Many people, including myself and my son have reacted to products that contain less than 20 ppm. However, I do believe that having a standard is better than not having one.
More Information
If you'd like to read more, visit these web sites:
Before Karen Oldford ran for mayor of Labrador City in 2013, she never imagined she would campaign for someone to run against her. She tried to convince councillors and former public servants to throw their hats into the ring, citing the importance of a healthy democracy, arguing no candidate should win because her name was the only one on the ballot. Her colleagues looked at her in disbelief—afraid, it seemed, to risk losing their existing positions. Still, that's not how she wanted to win. She wanted the mining town's roughly 9,000 people to be able to choose.
Four years earlier, in 2009, Oldford had successfully won the race for deputy mayor. The mayor at the time, like every previous one in Labrador City since 2001, won because nobody else ran. In the end, despite her lobbying for a competitor, history repeated itself: Oldford became mayor by acclamation, a process where no election is held and no votes are counted—and one that has become all too familiar for municipalities in Newfoundland and Labrador.
“I said to my own council after the election that I would have sooner liked to be elected by the people like they were,” Oldford says. “It didn't feel good to be acclaimed.”
Throughout the province, more and more elections in rural municipalities are going uncontested. According to Oldford, the president of Municipalities Newfoundland and Labrador (MNL), the entire councils in 116 of the province's 276 municipalities were acclaimed during September's election season. Of those 116, 51 couldn't fill all of their council seats (another 18 towns have yet to send word to MNL about the state of their election processes). In both Torbay and Conception Bay South, a larger town of about 26,000, the recent mayoral races were over in an instant because only one person wanted the job.
Oldford points to the province's aging population as one of the primary challenges for municipal governance. The baby boomers are retiring and the younger generation appears unwilling to run for local office. Young adults and families continue to migrate to urban centres, leaving rural communities to wither. With shrinking populations, several villages have voted to relocate or amalgamate with other towns for better access to services. The provincial government obliged.
A declining population means a smaller tax base, a dilemma that many communities have been unable to overcome. Infrastructure problems have plagued small towns throughout the province, to the point there are more than 200 boil-water advisories in municipalities every year, notes Oldford. Some communities can't offer full-time jobs and struggle to find young workers willing to accept a lower wage, which has led to instances where councillors had to fix sewer and drinking water problems themselves.
The effect, in many places, has been to make council positions even less attractive, worsening the sense of apathy. As Oldford explains: “Your councils are having to pick up the slack and do the work—and that's unpaid work.”
Concerned about the state of local democracy, MNL took over a campaign aimed at encouraging more people—particularly women, youth and people of colour—to get involved in municipal politics. Oldford says that when you enter a room for a meeting, or even a symposium for the 276 communities, “the majority of the room will be male and the majority of the room will be greater than 55 years old.”
Even if all goes right, a municipal election could end up becoming, well, a family affair. In Trout River, a seaside fishing village of about 600 people on Newfoundland's western shore, 10 of the 24 candidates shared the surname Crocker. The name is as old as the town itself, dating to when George Crocker and his family moved to the area in 1815. Other shared names included Brake and Barnes.
In the latest election, five of the seven council seats went to Crockers. Marsha Crocker, a long-time fisher, came away with the most votes among elected council members and will likely become mayor. Despite her name, she's only directly related to one Crocker who ran for council. “Everybody knows everybody here, and sometimes they know too much,” she says.
Trout River thrives on fishery and tourism, but like other municipalities, it struggles with infrastructure problems like a faulty water supply, and an ambulance service based outside the community in nearby Woody Point. Crocker, who was a Barnes before she married, says these challenges are what spurred people to declare their candidacy and vote in high numbers. “I think there was a general consensus, the people wanted new leaders,” Crocker says.
Back in Labrador City, residents no longer vote separately for a mayor. As in Trout River, the council candidate who receives the most votes is crowned leader. All in the name of reclaiming democracy.
Oldford, now 54, always votes in municipal elections—it's a point of principle. Before running for public office, she worked as a nurse for 33 years and wanted to promote healthy public policy for the people in Labrador City. In September's province-wide elections for towns in Newfoundland and Labrador, Oldford chose not to run, opting to return to her old life as a nurse.
But she doubts it will be long before she's back in the political arena, saying, “I truly enjoy being an elected official, and the impact you can have in such a positive way on residents in your community.” It's an outlook, alas, too few of her fellow citizens seem to share.
This article is over 2 years old
Israeli prime minister's El Al flight from Singapore to Sydney took more than 11 hours rather than the usual eight and a half
The Israeli prime minister was forced to take a two-and-a-half-hour detour en route to Australia, apparently to avoid Indonesian airspace.
Benjamin Netanyahu arrived in Sydney at about 6.30am AEDT on Wednesday for a four-day visit, the first time an Israeli prime minister has visited Australia.
Turnbull rebukes Israel critics ahead of Benjamin Netanyahu visit Read more
The average direct flight from Singapore to Sydney takes about eight and a half hours; according to the flight tracking site FlightAware, Netanyahu's total flight time was just over 11 hours as his flight path dodged Indonesia's airspace.
A member of Netanyahu's delegation confirmed the route to the Guardian.
The flight was operated by El Al, the flag carrier of Israel that is disallowed from venturing into the airspace of many Muslim nations, including Pakistan.
Indonesia is home to the largest population of Muslim people in the world – the vast majority of the total population of about 240 million – and it is staunchly supportive of the Palestinian cause.
It has no formal diplomatic ties with Israel, but does sanction some travel and trade. Its visa-free policy was extended to Israel and 83 other countries in December 2015 in a bid to increase tourism.
In March last year Netanyahu called for diplomatic relations to be formally established with Indonesia because of the “many opportunities for bilateral cooperation”, especially in technology.
The Guardian view on Trump and Israel: casual, careless and dangerous | Editorial Read more
According to the Times of Israel report, he said the reasons for the two countries not to have a relationship were “no longer relevant” and that they were allied against terrorism.
He told the delegation of Indonesian journalists, visiting as guests of the Israeli foreign ministry: “I have quite a few Facebook friends who are Indonesian.”
But the Indonesian government said in response that ties with Israel would only be normalised if Palestine gained independence.
Cabinet secretary Pramono Anung said: “The most important thing is the spirit to realise Palestinian independence”.
After the culinary excesses of the festive season, it is no surprise that one of the most common New Year resolutions is to lose weight. And while reaching a healthy weight can take commitment and willpower, there are some tried and tested approaches that should make the task easier.
There is no doubt that people with an optimum body weight live longer and have healthier lives. Overweight or obese people are more likely to develop diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure, cancer, osteoporosis, and experience fertility problems. They die younger too. Body mass index is not a perfect measure, particularly for heavy people who are lean and muscular, but it works for much of the population. The healthiest BMIs range from 22.5 to 25. When it reaches 30 to 35, life expectancy falls by two to four years. A BMI from 40 to 45 typically shortens life by eight to 10 years. Many deaths in overweight people are the result of vascular disease.
How long do people keep their New Year resolutions? Read more
Aisling Pigott, a spokeswoman for the British Dietetic Association, says many people allow themselves to binge over Christmas on the promise that they will fast in the new year. Unsurprisingly, this is not the best way to start, she says. “People need to think about moderation all the time. Weight loss involves adjusting lifestyle, diet and calorie intake, whilst overcoming the psychological barriers too.”
Psychology is a major factor to be wrestled with, but using positive terms can help. Do not to frame the goal of losing weight in negative language, says Pigott, because that only increases the cravings. Instead of “cutting out” this food, and “never again” having that food, look forward to enjoying a healthy routine, one with boundaries on some foods. “You will feel far less hard done by,” says Pigott.
The first goal should be to stabilise eating patterns. For people who eat as and when they can, that means imposing some order, and having more consistent meal times. Having a proper meal routine helps to keep hunger under control. Once mealtimes fall into a regular pattern, look at reducing portion sizes, and how often the menu includes takeaways and treats such as cakes and chocolate. Do not see food as the enemy. “A lot of people who try to lose weight tell me they absolutely hate eating. Food becomes a stressful experience because they feel out of control,” Pigott says. “Try to enjoy it again. Turn off the television and pay attention to what's going into your mouth.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: PM Images/Getty Images
There is more to losing weight than cutting down on calories. Look at overall lifestyle to see what small changes can be made straight away and built on over time. But make each commitment realistic and achievable. That could mean walking or cycling to the shops one day instead of driving, hopping off the bus a stop or two early once a week, and doing without that extra portion of potatoes or pudding. Start small and then build.
The new year will see an explosion in fad diets, but Pigott warns against them all. Diets are often hard to maintain in the long run and can even lead to weight gain if people do not change their lifestyle and behaviour, she says. “For me, anything that isn't a lifestyle change is not an appropriate weight loss strategy.”
Tim Spector, author of The Diet Myth and professor of genetic epidemiology at King's College London, went vegetarian when he wanted to lose 10kg some years back. The move cut out nearly all processed food – gone were the bacon, sausages and frozen lasagnes. It meant he ate a wider range of fruit and vegetables and had to get inventive at meal times. That, he says, was good for his gut microbiome, the unseen community of bugs that live in our digestive tracts.
Gut microbes seem to have a bearing on bodyweight, along with plenty of other aspects of human biology, such as the immune system and even mood. In one landmark study, researchers took gut bacteria from human twins, in which one was obese and the other slim. The scientists transferred the bugs into mice and watched them grow. Mice that received gut bugs from the overweight twin grew fat, but those that received bacteria from the slim twin stayed a healthy weight.
Spector advocates eating for a diverse microbiome, and that means a good variety of vegetables. Slim people, he says, typically have a more diverse community of bugs in their guts, suggesting that some strains play a role in controlling body weight.
“The first thing is to decide what you want to lose, have some attainable goal, and kickstart the process in a feasible way,” Spector says. “There isn't a one-size-fits-all diet.”
• The photograph accompanying this article was changed on 8 January 2016, replacing one that showed a very low weight on the bathroom scales.
Well, round one has finished up and we have to say that there were a couple of pretty big surprises…overall though the dominant seeds pushed through to the round of 32. This week we have 16 match ups for you to vote on, and trust us…these are a new level of difficult. Some of your favorite artists will be pinned against each other, past collaborators will now go head to head, friends will become foes all in Round 2 of EDM March Madness.
Key Match-Ups
Lets take a look at some of the most critical match ups. In the trance/progressive conference we see Eric Prydz going against Above & Beyond. Can the man with three names take on 3 artists at once? It further adds some drama to the fact that the trio is featuring him as a special guest during their Miami Music Week showcase. In Bass/Trap we see Flume going against RL Grime. The two producers met up last to create the renowned ‘Tell Me' collaboration before Flume left What So Not, now they meet again needing to do battle in order to move onto the sweet sixteen.
In techno/trance we have Adam Beyer, label head of easily the most renowned label in all techno, Drumcode going up against Dixon the undisputed king behind the decks. This adds a layer of intrigue as fans now have to choose who gets to move on, will technical skills or production ability win out? Finally we look at the pop/mainstage conference where we see a decisive match up in Odesza vs. Calvin Harris. Odesza has been hailed as some of the most talented musicians in the world, and have topped line ups all around the country this year, but do they have what it takes to take down the top earner in all of EDM? Calvin will not go down without a fight as he continues to make music that refuses to get out of your head. WHO WILL WIN?! Well that is up to you, get voting!
Brighton's London Road is fast becoming the new Shoreditch.
Here's ten reasons why.
Whilst Shoreditch has Old Spitalfields Market, London Road has the newly revamped Open Market.
2. Private members club Shoreditch House attracts the most exclusive clientele, but in London Road the Cowley Club is the top venue for intellectual collaborations.
3. Shoreditch may have a contemporary shopping mall made from refitted shipping containers.
We have Richardsons Yard, a development of shipping containers converted into housing for homeless people.
4. Shoreditch may be home to Turner Prize winning artist Tracey Emin, but we think Roadkill Couture designer Jess Eaton is just as worthy an award winner.
5. Shoreditch may be the spiritual home of the micro brewery, but the Hare and Hounds could give them a run for their money.
6. Shoreditch's favourite body part may very well be a hair covered chin. London Road's is most definitely a pair of stripey legs.
7. For every overpriced vintage store in the London borough, London Road has a charity shop to match
8. In recent years Shoreditch has become the hipsters' favourite hangout. In recent years sqatters have loved to hang out in London Road.
9. Shoreditch only has a tube station whereas London Road has a mainline station.
10. Shakespeare's first ever performance of Romeo and Juliet was staged at the Curtain theatre, in Shoreditch, but London Road's former Methodist Chapel which houses Emporium theatre has become a new theatre space and a meeting place, canteen, bar and exhibition space for Brighton-based artists, since opening last year.
See tomorrow's Argus for a full report.
It took me a little while to get my head back into mixed martial arts after Monday's Boston Marathon bombings.
I was born and raised in Boston. It's hard to explain Patriots Day to an out-of-towner. It's a Massachusetts holiday which honors the Commonwealth's role as the birthplace of the Revolutionary War.
But it's not just one of those Columbus Day-type holidays. You know, the sort of "holiday" that's basically no different from a regular Monday, except the Post Office is closed. Patriots Day is the unofficial celebration start of spring in Boston after the endless winter. The Red Sox play an 11 a.m. game at Fenway Park every year, and eyes of the world are on our quirky little city for the Marathon, which has run on that April Monday every year since 1897. The weather usually seems to cooperate, as well, lending to the festive atmosphere.
UFC president Dana White is a former South Boston resident, and shared his thoughts on the situation on Thursday with MMAFighting.com's Ariel Helwani.
"When you've lived in Boston, anyone who is from Boston knows there's so many people in town and all throughout New England who train for this thing, not just the elite athletes who are going to run and win the race, but people who do it just to say 'hey, I ran the Boston Marathon.' Plus, it's a holiday that day. So all the kids are off school, everyone goes around that area and hangs out. [The bombings were] just one of the most chickens---, cowardly, disgusting things ever."
As I processed what happened at the Marathon finish line, I realized the city needs to take its cue from our friendly rivals in New York. New York City didn't stop because of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. America took appropriate time to grieve and rebuild, but life went on. Likewise, anyone who saw the fans at the TD Garden before Wednesday's Boston Bruins-Buffalo Sabres NHL game saw that Bostonians are just as resilient. Bottom line, you can ruin one day, but you can't take the spirit of Patriots Day away from us.
With that, back to the fight world. The UFC is in Strikeforce's old stomping grounds of the HP Pavilion in San Jose this weekend for a UFC on FOX card loaded with ex-Strikeforce standouts, and you've got plenty of questions. So without further ado, on to the latest edition of Fightweets.
If you'd like to be considered in a future edition, go to my Twitter page and sent me a tweet.
Strikeforce homecoming
@jmpepito23: Is the UFC taking a risk scheduling so many former SF fighters vs UFC for Sat's event? Could it be a black eye?
How would it be a black eye? The UFC's stated goal going back a decade has been about bringing the best fighters in the world under their roof. They've gone after it with ruthless efficiency. You didn't see them hold back former PRIDE fighters when they came into the company in a egotistical effort to "prove" the UFC was better all along, did you? No, you didn't. (Okay, admittedly they got pretty smug when Forrest Griffin choked out Mauricio Rua. That one I'll grant you). For that matter, Lyoto Machida and Quinton Jackson were both signed to the World Fighting Alliance when the UFC bought out that company. Was it a "black eye" when two fighters in a promotion most people never heard of eventually went on to win the light heavyweight title?
In the end, the "UFC vs. Strikeforce" stuff is for message boards and media members who miss the big picture. The UFC's all about building their brand for the long haul. Saturday's feature fights are being put out there to introduce fighters like Melendez and Cormier to the network television audience. If they win, then, sure, it's a feather in the cap for Strikeforce's legacy. But it also delivers the UFC two new, viable headliners. If a fighter can headline in the company and bring in the big bucks, they don't care if he or she came from PRIDE, Strikeforce, or YAMMA. And that's ultimately the only thing that matters.
@omaresco02: Since Diaz, Shields are 0-2 in UFC title fights, who stands out of former SF champs as legit contenders? Jacare?
I'd say Shields was a legitimate contender. He actually came one round away on two scorecards from taking Georges St-Pierre's welterweight title at UFC 129. And I wouldn't sleep on Gilbert Melendez, either. To me, it comes down to whether he can find the fire which fueled his 2009-10 peak, which was missing as the Strikeforce ship sunk. Beyond that, do we get to count Daniel Cormier's Grand Prix championship as a title? If so, than he's the no-brainer front-runner.
As for the rest, the problem becomes, the last crop of champions came of age as Strikeforce fell apart, so they never really got to test themselves the way earlier company like Melendez and Shields did. Luke Rockhold's a blue-chip prospect, and we'll get an idea how far along he's come when he fights Vitor Belfort next month. The jury's out on Tarec Saffeidine, who looked impressive in finishing a fading Nate Marquardt for the welterweight title, but has yet to give any inclination he's going to be a breakout star. And oh yeah, we probably shouldn't overlook that Gegard Mousasi guy, either. But when push comes to shove, I'd go with Cormier and Melendez as the best bets and the rest of the pack a cut below.
@gigliotrey: Which former Strikeforce fighter has the best chance of winning this weekend, Cormier, Melendez, or Thomson?
I'd keep them in that order. I wouldn't be surprised if Cormier ran over Mir. Melendez, as I've just stated, I consider a live underdog fully capable of winning if he's clicking on all cylinders. Thomson, I just don't see it. Nate Diaz has been lethal against everyone in his division not named Benson Henderson and is going to have plenty of motivation coming off his Henderson loss. Thomson's a gamer, but ultimately one whose most significant win in nearly four years is over K.J. Noons. I just don't see him pulling it off.
Why 'The Janitor?'
@ryan211: What in the world does Bellator gain by signing Vladimir Matyushenko? He's ex UFC and surely doesn't have a lot left in him?
I think there are two levels to this one. The first is, I don't have a problem with this specific signing in and of itself. Vladi's a well-liked dude in this business and I'm glad to see him land on his feet after being cut by the UFC.
But if you step back and frame this in the big picture, it does beg the question of Bellator's stated policy of not taking "UFC castoffs." Why did Bellator skip over Jon Fitch when he was available? Bellator has a talented welterweight champion in Ben Askren, and no one to push him in the cage. An Askren-Fitch fight would have cut through the clutter of the weekly Bellator grind and drawn attention like no fight between fighters within the company currently could. And given what we know about the contract of Eddie Alvarez -- a very talented fighter who isn't an arena draw -- it's not like Bellator would be breaking the bank to bring in Fitch.
Is Bellator looking to test their home-grown champions with the best possible opponents or not? Some consistency either way would help clear things up.
DJ to Seattle?
@GHS_Forever: With Ellenberger-Rory being co-main, do you anticipate a title fight on that card? Perhaps Johnson/Moraga?
Sure seems like a natural, doesn't it? UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson is from the Puget Sound area and he's hoping to be cleared from his shoulder injury by June 15, which just happens to be about six weeks before the July 27 UFC on FOX 8 date at Seattle's KeyArena, which would give him a full training camp. I don't have inside information on this one, but Johnson-Moraga is a sensible reading of the tea leaves.
Free Josh Rosenthal
@christopher_kit: With ref Rosenthal's drugs charge, is the MMA circus full of naughty tigers
That's an interesting way to phrase it. I feel more like Rosenthal's case puts a spotlight on the absurdity of our nation's marijuana laws. So someone like referee Josh Rosenthal who, as far as we know, has never run afoul of another law in his life, is potentially facing life in prison. This at a time when Colorado and Washington have legalized marijuana and a majority of the country agrees. So Rosenthal is a threat to society, but we're okay with continuing on with a system which enables violent drug cartels south of the border? Are you kidding me?
I'm a resident of California. How about taking the federal money that is going into the Rosenthal case and fixing our highways and schools instead of propping up the Big Prison industry? Rosenthal's operation should be legal, taxed, regulated, licensed. He shouldn't be spending a day in prison.
Rebuilding Hall
@dreadhead1336: Where does Uriah Hall go from here to prove he's the "monster" he was built up to be?
I think the first thing we need to do here is disabuse ourselves of the notion Hall was a "monster" to begin with. That was mainly a product of a well-executed marketing campaign. Hall fell for his own hype. I fell for it to the extent I believed he was going to roll over Kelvin Gastelum last weekend. And a whole lot of others did too.
Hall is clearly a raw talent and has potential. Minus the hype train, it's fair to assume the UFC will give him a chance to sink or swim at a measured pace from here. He's still got a name based off his television exposure and still got curiosity around him, so it's likely his next fight will be televised, perhaps as a preliminary feature bout on basic cable before a PPV. A fight or two against lower-tier competition should give Hall a chance to get his feet back on the ground and hopefully live up to his real potential.
In a quiet corner of San Francisco, nestled among the warehouses and old ship-building docks far from downtown, some artists have constructed a temple of sound called Envelop.
On the surface, Envelop is just a room with a kickass surround sound system. Eight stacks of speakers are arranged along the walls, four towers on each side with four speakers inside each tower situated at different heights. There are also subwoofers in the corners and speakers in the ceiling. When the DJ cranks up a mellow dance track mixed especially for this system, sound waves rain down from above you, creep up from below you, spin around your head, and smother you in audio.
Envelop is a place designed for listening to music in a fully immersive, 360-degree environment. It's inside a larger arts complex called The Midway. They host events there, like yoga classes, ambient music performances, and EDM dance gatherings. There are listening parties coming up for Dark Side of the Moon and Geinoh Yamashirogumi's Akira Symphonic Suite. But Envelop is bigger than just a room full of speakers used for throwing events.
The group of artists who created Envelop also built the software tools to run it all. They've released their own plugin for the music creation app Ableton Live that lets musicians mix their songs not just in stereo, but all around the listener, in a full sphere. Any multi-speaker array can play back tracks mixed for Envelop, turning just about any room into a fully immersive audio playground.
Round and Around
Among sound designers, this technique of mixing in three dimensions is called ambisonics, or spatial audio.
"For years we've been listening to stereo, and that's incredible," says Envelop's executive director Christopher Willits. "However it's not composed to be moving around an audience. It's really just coming at you from one direction. So spatial audio allows a composer to use space as another part of that music. It allows an audience to have a shared experience of the sound. It's very similar to the way that we experience sound every day, which is in three dimensions all around us."
Spatial audio and ambisonics (the terms are interchangeable, at least outside of Reddit forums) have been around for a long time. You've watched a movie in multi-channel surround sound. You might even remember quadraphonic mixes of Santana and Isley Brothers LPs in the 1970s. But while those technologies can throw sound around a room in a horizontal plane, spatial audio involves mixing sound in a full sphere. That's trickier, and many of the tools currently available for creating spatial audio cost a pretty penny, or they're designed to only work with a specific company's microphones or mixing stations. There are, however, some great open-source software tools out there. Envelop is throwing itself in with that camp. The free Envelop plug-in currently works in Ableton Live, but Willits and his cohorts hope to develop code that works with other apps.
Willits says it's always been the core intention of the Envelop project to be open source and available to everyone. "We feel the idea of spatial audio has been wrapped up in a lot of proprietary methods, and that has withheld the ability for artists to afford the tools needed to create it. It's also kept the audience from experiencing the added value that spatial audio gives people."
Music of the Spheres
Added value indeed. Being in the audience for a spatial audio performance is really wild. Envelop at the Midway has 32 speakers around the room, and when you stand in the middle—or anywhere, really—you can feel sound filling the whole space. Drums spin around you, low drone notes buzz behind you, and high-frequency effects fizz and bubble on all sides. It's truly far out.
Christopher is a well-respected composer and musician. He makes his own ambient electronic music, and he played a few of his tracks for me over Envelop's system. Walking around the room while the songs were playing, it didn't really sound like music was coming from the speakers around me. The music was just... part of the room.
"Our software allows the composer to take any sound and place it within a virtual sphere," Willits says, "and that virtual sphere can then be decoded to a physical environment with X number of channels."
You don't need 32 speakers to listen to a performance created with Envelop. The system is designed to plug into any speaker array, whether you've got 150 speaker bins in a huge room, or just a pair of headphones. Envelop is infinitely scalable. They group is trying to get venues to adopt the Envelop platform and install the equipment necessary to host their own ambisonic happenings. Because what good is a crazy spatial audio freakout without a proper room to hear it in?
And of course, spatial audio is a big component of VR and 360 video. Musicians and sound designers could even use Envelop to make an ambisonic mix for a VR experience that could be played back in a pair of headphones, or in a big room with a dozen speakers. So, imagine a space like Envelop filled with people who aren't dancing or doing yoga, but wearing VR headsets.
If you want to hear Envelop in person, there are a number of events planned for the coming months. Christopher Willits is playing a concert at the space on November 18. Yoga classes with a 360-degree sound component are held every other Tuesday. If you're an electronic musician, mark November 16 on your calendar; the space is hosting a tutorial on using the Envelop plug-in for Ableton Live.
The biggest shopping week of the year is here for retailers, and The Geekiverse has your back when it comes to finding the best deals on movies, shows, and Blu-rays!
Thanksgiving is meant for time off and families and loved ones to spend time together. Don't go shopping on Thanksgiving – but if you find yourself cyber shopping or heading to a retailer on the weekend, I did the research for you. Here are some of the movie & show deals available. Please note, all of these prices are subject to change. By default, most links will take you to Amazon, who typically price matches. Please visit Amazon for full terms of service. The Geekiverse may receive a commission if you click on a link and purchase a product or service.
In most cases, sales will be live at varying levels throughout 11/23-11/27.
BB = Best Buy
BD = Blu-ray (1080 HD)
4K = 4K Blu-ray
*Most films/shows will come packaged with the DVD and/or Digital Download versions of the same. Please note before ordering to decide which is the best value for you.
For the best deals on Video Games, click here.
Blu-ray & 4K Movies & TV
We'll update this list as the week goes on and more deals are revealed. Be sure to bookmark this article in your phone for easy access!
If you want to see more fresh Geeky content, support us through our Official Patreon Page & simultaneously earn perks & exclusive rewards.
Be sure to keep up with The Geekiverse across social media platforms on Facebook, Twitter, & Instagram. Watch The Geekiverse on YouTube and listen to The Geekiverse podcasts on Soundcloud or iTunes today!
FAQ --- English - effective 29.2.2016
Where do I find the Visionaire configuration tool?
Where do I find my savegames? Where do I find my screenshots? Where is the config.ini located? Where do I find the messages.log? Where is the visplayer.dmp located?
C:\Users\*username*\AppData\Local\Daedalic Entertainment GmbH\Deponia 4\Savegames\
C:\Users\*username*\AppData\Local\Daedalic Entertainment GmbH\Deponia 4\Screenshots\
C:\Users\*username*\AppData\Local\Daedalic Entertainment GmbH\Deponia 4\
/*user*/Library/Application Support/Daedalic Entertainment GmbH/Deponia 4/Savegames/
/*user*/Library/Application Support/Daedalic Entertainment GmbH/Deponia 4/Screenshots/
/*user*/Library/Application Support/Daedalic Entertainment GmbH/Deponia 4/
/home/*user*/.local/share/Daedalic Entertainment GmbH/Deponia 4/Savegames
/home/*user*/.local/share/Daedalic Entertainment GmbH/Deponia 4/Screenshots
/home/*user*/.local/share/Daedalic Entertainment GmbH/Deponia 4
How do I enable window-mode?
This can be changed directly in the game by first navigating to the settings menu and then choose the tab for screen settings. The game will change the setting accordingly in realtime, no restart is required.
This setting can also be found in the Visionaire configuration tool. If you uncheck the fullscreen option, you can determine the window size through the panel above the checkbox. Save and exit the tool afterward.
Does the game create autosaves?
Does the game only support mouse and keyboard controls?
In fulllscreen mode there is only a small portion of the game in the upper left corner of the screen visible, or the lower part of the screen seems 'cut off'.
The cursor moves slowly/twitches and the screen lags.
Cropped screen when connected via HDMI on a LCD screen with an AMD/ATI graphic board.
If the game runs on my laptop with onboard graphics (shared memory) the game crashes after a short period of time.
I installed the Rage performance driver on my laptop with an AMD graphics chip. Afterward, the game did not run properly.
Laptops with NVidia Optimus technology graphic board drivers don't automatically enable the NVidia high performance chip. This is a common issue among all games using OpenGL interfaces.
The Visionaire configuration tool is located within the game's installation folder. It's a visual interface with tooltips for convenient editing of the config.ini's settings. The tool works under Windows only.According to windows guidelines game data is stored within the user directory of the current user. For fast access of this folder there is an icon provided by the Visionaire configuration tool which will open the corresponding user directory by clicking.Savegames:Screenshots:config.ini, messages.log, visplayer.dmp:Savegames:Screenshots:config.ini, messages.log, visplayer.dmp:Savegames:Screenshots:config.ini, messages.log, visplayer.dmp:Savegames:Screenshots:config.ini, messages.log, visplayer.dmp:There are two possibilities to do so.Yes, it does. Everytime you see the picture of a datasette in the lower right corner of the game, progress is being saved automatically.The game can be played with mouse, keyboard or touchpad. For the Steam edition a recommended Steam controller setup is available. Other means of controls are not currently supported.--- Troubleshooting ---Older Intel graphic chips like G965 Express support only OpenGL 1.4. Thus, "RESOLUTION = Auto", a setting in the config.ini does not run properly. If you set the value to "RESOLUTION = Desktop" the game may run despite the old chip.This problem exists due to a drivers conflict caused by outdated drivers. In most cases, updating Realtek sound board drivers.Due to the TV's overscan function cropping of all parts of the displayed game may occur. In this case, check if "RESOLUTION = desktop" is set correctly in the config.ini, so the TV may properly scale with the desktop's settings.We recommend not using shared memory when playing 'Deponia Doomsday'. Activate the high performance graphics chip of your laptop, if available.'Deponia Doomsday' is not compatible with the AMD Rage performance driver. Please update your graphic board's drivers.Laptops using a Geforce as well as an Intel-HD-graphics board use their shares memory drivers as their default graphics board drivers. We recommend opening the Nvidia system settings, go to '3D settings' -> 'manage 3D settings ->'program settings' and let the file 'deponia4.exe' (found in the installation directory of 'Deponia Doomsday') be executed with the Nvidia drivers.
Can fruit make you fat? Natural sugar in fruit is 'fuelling the nation's obesity epidemic'
Gone fruity: A natural sugar found in fruits could lead to obesity if it is used to sweeten foods
A natural sugar found in fruit is fuelling the obesity epidemic, scientists say.
A study has shown that fructose - which is used to sweeten soft drinks and junk food - might be more harmful than other types of sugar.
In tests, fat people given large doses of fructose were more likely to put on weight around the stomach than this given glucose.
Doctors say this 'intra-abdominal fat' is the most harmful type and is linked to diabetes and heart disease.
Pure fructose is found in fresh fruit, fruit juice and jam.
However, it also sneaks into our diet through the high-fructose corn syrup used in food manufacturing.
Concerns about fructose and high-fructose corn syrup have been growing.
Some experts believe they play a major role in the obesity crisis sweeping Britain and the U.S.
Scientists at the University of California put 33 overweight adults on a diet comprising 30 per cent fat, 55 per cent complex carbohydrates such as bread and rice, and 15 per cent protein for a fortnight.
For a further ten weeks they were moved to a diet in which a quarter of their energy came from either fructose or glucose, New Scientist reports today.
Both groups put on the same amount of weight - 1.5kg or 3.3 pounds.
However, volunteers on the fruit sugar diet put on more intra-abdominal fat, which wraps around their internal organs and causes pot bellies.
Those eating fructose also had higher levels of cholesterol.
The study, led by Dr Peter Havel, looked only at pure fructose - not high-fructose corn syrup. However the syrup breaks down into fructose and glucose in the body.
Dr Havel said: 'The question is what is the amount of high-fructose corn syrup or normal sugar you need to consume to get these effects?'
The finding suggests that the number of calories in food might not be as important as the type of sugar it contains.
A cake made with fructose could do more harm than one made with glucose.
A spokesman for PepsiCo, which sponsored Dr Havel's work, said: 'This is a very interesting and important study. But it does not reflect a real-world situation nor is it applicable to PepsiCo since pure fructose is not an ingredient in any of our food and beverage products.'
In a separate study, Dr Havel's researchers compared the immediate effects of consuming a meal in which 25 per cent of the energy came from either high-fructose corn syrup, sucrose, fructose or glucose.
The level of triglycerides - or fats - in the blood were all elevated to a similar level 24 hours after consuming fructose, sucrose or high-fructose corn syrup, but not glucose, according to the findings published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. Sucrose breaks down into fructose and glucose in the body.
Dr Francine Kaufman, of the Keck School of Medicine in Los Angeles, said: 'It adds to what we have known for a long time.
'It's probably not a good idea to consume too much sugar.'
Experts point out that this does not mean we should stop eating fruit.
Fresh fruit contains relatively low levels of fructose - and the risks are outweighed by health benefits.
Top 3 ICOs worth taking a close look at
Raquel Jackson Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 8, 2017
For the past couple of months I have not seen many projects worth investing in, hence the lack of postings. The market has definitely taken a turn and we're seeing a lot less crappy projects getting funded which is a great thing. Below I have a small list of 3 projects which I think could have great potential depending on your risk tolerance. Keep in mind that I don't know any of these projects pre ICO structure and therefore, investing in any of them will still carry a certain degree of risk regardless of how legitimate they are.
Rublix has been around since earlier this year and has built a nice presence since its inception. It's a finance driven blockchain project based out of Western Canada. The concept is very unique to the industry and their plans to disrupt the finance space could lead to big things if they can execute efficiently. Markets these days are weighed down by misinformation, fake news and egotistic traders. The Rublix chain intends on solving these issues by making real-time market data accessible on its chain while integrating a public ledger to reveal traders true performance. Developers will be able to take advantage of Smart Contracts on the Rublix chain to create financial DApps without requiring Oracles to gather external market data resulting in high “gas/transaction” fees on all other platforms.
If Rublix can create a demand for their blockchain and proper algorithms to power their future DApps, their project should have great long term appreciation.
References:
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/rublix-reimagining-crypto-trading/
Token Sale is expected in Q1 2018.
Visit the Official Rublix website.
Bloom is a project built on the Ethereum blockchain for assessing credit risk through verification of identity and for attesting creditworthiness or staking credit on the blockchain. It is essentially a global decentralized credit scoring system. The project is a very ambitious venture which has the potential to become a highly successful and rewarding endeavor for the business and investors.
With the ambition comes a lot of risk. A substantial amount of challenges remains on the road map ahead. The biggest hurdle will be winning over institutional adoption, we all know that centralized systems currently work and introducing an entirely new method will not be simple. A small investment in this project could yield a lot of profit, if you have an appetite for risk this would be one of the best projects to bet on.
References:
https://www.forbes.com/sites/jessedamiani/2017/11/14/meet-bloom-the-company-transforming-credit-scores-with-blockchain/#544e6f454776
Token Sale is currently ongoing.
Visit the Official Bloom website.
BANKEX is creating a new tokenization technology which utilizes blockchain to offer their complex Proof-of-Asset protocol for financial markets. BANKEX uses Ethereum Smart Contracts and may digitize various types of assets including real estate portfolios. They ensure that the asset is validated then turn it into a token followed by placing it on their market for trading. Liquidity in form of cryptocurrencies or even fiat money is only a click away from asset owners. It provides investors the access to capital and guarantee clear cash flow quickly.
Imagine selling a car without ever needing to meet the buyer in person. Bankex intends to make any asset a liquid asset through two sets of tokens. The first token is called a product token. If I am selling a car to you, you will receive the product token, which is essentially proof of ownership of the car. In exchange for selling the car, I will receive a Bankex token, which is essentially another form of cash. The project utilizes Oracles to gather reputable data for verification of assets. If BANKEX can successfully make this project become a mainstream application, it could very well be on the top of the DApp list. We do have to keep in mind though that this project is very ambitious and the adoption of the application will not be easy.
References:
http://cryptosis.io/bankex-ico-review-one-looks-good/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3mts9G_29Q
Token Sale is currently ongoing.
Visit the Official BANKEX website.
*Disclosure: Please be aware that this is not investment advice. I currently have small holdings in the above 2 active ICO's.
Sen. Mazie K. Hirono issued a call to action to attendees of the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement's Native Hawaiian Convention yesterday to continue their work fighting to protect federal Native Hawaiian housing, education and healthcare programs.
Sen. Hirono also highlighted the importance of building strong federal and community partnerships to support native programs and minority communities.
“This administration has no regard for minority communities and native peoples, evidenced by proposed cuts in federal funding to Native Hawaiian programs,” said Sen. Hirono. “We can't be nice about it, in terms of fighting for what we hold dear, and that is support for our families and support for our communities.”
Last month, Sen. Hirono introduced legislation with Sen. Tom Udall, the Ranking Member of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, that includes Native Hawaiians in the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act.
Click here for video of the event.
Image copyright Getty Images
A senior academic has accused the Conservatives of a "sleight of hand" over the justification of its grammar schools policy in its manifesto.
Prof Alice Sullivan challenges the party's statement that selective schools have proportionately more pupils from "ordinary working class families" than non-selective schools.
She says families in the bottom third for income have been excluded from the calculation supporting this data.
The Tories stand by their manifesto.
The party argues that increasing the number of grammar schools will improve social mobility as more poor bright children will be taught by them.
It says that is because the achievement gap between rich and poor children closes to near zero in grammars.
However, Prof Sullivan, professor of sociology at University College London, said the main reason grammar schools were an "unlikely tool for promoting social mobility" is that working class children were far less likely than richer children to attend them.
The party's manifesto says: "Contrary to what some people allege, official research shows that slightly more children from ordinary, working class families attend selective schools as a percentage of the school intake as compared to non-selective schools."
Prof Sullivan disagrees with this statement, which is based on a piece of Department for Education research which sought to define the government's term "ordinary working families".
It described a new group of families existing on below average income, but not on the pupil premium or free school meals
'Statistical jiggery-pokery'
According to the research 36% of pupils in grammar schools are from this group, compared to the 35% of pupils in non-selective schools.
The research also shows that in grammar schools 9% of pupils are either on free school meals or the pupil premium and 32% of pupils in these groups in non-selective schools.
These categories are usually a shorthand for disadvantaged children, many of whose parents will be on low pay or on benefits, or at least will have been in the past six years.
But these pupils, the poorest group of children, appear to be excluded from the Conservative Party figures used in their manifesto.
The research says: "The percentage of children at selective schools from below median income families, who are not considered disadvantaged, (36%) is almost the same as the percentage for non-selective schools (35%)."
Prof Sullivan said: "They are flying in the face of all the evidence that we have and using a clear sleight of hand to represent the evidence to claim that grammar schools are taking their share of ordinary working class kids.
"It does seem that unless they've actually tricked themselves that they believe that the bottom third of families aren't working class, or either they are stupid enough to think that they're not, that they are actually using a bit of statistical jiggery-pokery."
Social mobility
She adds: "The DfE figures in fact show clearly that pupils from families on below average incomes are far less strongly represented in grammar schools than non-selective schools."
Prof Sullivan believes that there was no evidence that grammar schools would tackle educational inequality and increase social mobility.
Out of all manifesto plans, she suggests this policy is the one as least likely to achieve its stated aim.
The Conservative Party said: "As our manifesto says, official research shows that slightly more children from ordinary, working class families attend selective schools as a percentage of the school intake compared to non-selective schools.
"As well as improving our schools for the most disadvantaged children, we also want to improve education for children from ordinary working families."
USS Enterprise CV-6
The Most Decorated Ship of the Second World War
History: Prewar - 1941 - 1942 - 1943 - 1944 - 1945 - Postwar
The Ship - All Hands - Decorations - Remembrance
1946 - 1958 - Scrapping the Big E
The following article appeared in the May 1960 issue of Popular Mechanics magazine shortly before Enterprise's keel was hauled ashore, and the last vestiges of the ship broken apart and hauled away.
This article is property and copyright of its owner(s) and is provided here for educational purposes only.
The "Big E" Dies With Her Boots On
Last winter, a deafening staccato roar echoed through the cavernous hangar deck of the U.S.S. Enterprise. The ragged din was punctuated by an occasional boom as gigantic chunks of her steel superstructure broke loose and fell screeching against torn bulkheads. The glare of white fire slashed the dark spaces below decks.
"The Enterprise was one of those rare combinations - a rugged ship on which everything nearly always worked the way it was supposed to, and whose complement of officers and men always seemed to function with miraculous teamwork and spirit."
The scenic and sound effects were nothing new to the "Big E." Launched at Newport News in 1936, the mighty flattop was in the thick of nearly every major Pacific battle during World War II. On June 4, 1942, in the Battle of Midway - remembered in Navy circles as "The Stalingrad of the Pacific" - the big aircraft carrier got her baptism of fire in a hell-roaring fight that saw her own squadrons kill three Japanese carriers and a cruiser. From then, through the Coral Sea and Solomons campaigns, the Big E's guns and planes were seldom silent. In her second engagement she absorbed a thundering cascade of Jap bombs and torpedos - the first of seven terrible batterings she was to take from Kamikazes, torpedo bombers and enemy subs before the end of the war. After each one, the gallant lady patched up her wounds and returned to fight again. All told, she fought in 20 of the 22 naval battles in the Pacific and was credited with sinking 71 enemy ships and destroying 911 of his planes.
But this time she won't be back. The chattering racket was not her 40-mm. antiaircraft batteries spattering the sky with flack, but a battery of air hammers chewing up her flight deck. The booming roars of tumbling steel involved no enemy bombs. The fires glared from oxyacetylene torches. All last winter the Big E was coming apart systematically, piece by piece, in a dreary shipyard on the Hackensack River in Kearney, N. J. As you read this the last chunks of her once great hull are rumbling away in gondola cars to the melting pots.
Dismantling a 21,622 ton, 827-foot seagoing monster takes a lot of doing - you don't just start chopping her willy-nilly from top down. Careless changes in balance and buoyancy would capsize her or set up stresses that would bend her backbone and split her wide open. More than a year ago, when the Enterprise was bought by Lipsett, Inc. for $561,000 (she had cost more than $19 million to build), the company turned her over to W. Henry Hoffman, their square-jawed, veteran ship-demolisher. Hoffman had directed the dismantling of the battleships New Mexico, Idaho and Wyoming shortly after the war, and was the master mind behind the nearly impossible job of cutting up the fire-weakened hulk of the French liner Normandie after it had been righted and refloated.
The first job on the Enterprise, says Hoffman, was to cut down her 36-foot mast and lower it to the deck so she'd clear the East River bridges on the way out of the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Once tied up in the Hackensack, 100 men swarmed over the big ship armed with oxyacetylene torches and jack hammers, fed by hoses that snaked across the decks in every direction. First to go was the bridge and island structure, sliced into great vertical sections by the torches, boomed over the side in 15-ton chunks and lowered into waiting gondola cars. The biggest piece measured 36 feet long, 15 feet wide and 9 feet high.
But the biggest nuisance was the flight deck. "There's a prevailing idea that all old carriers had teak flight decks," says Hoffman. "They haven't - most were Douglas fir, and so was the Big E's. The fastest way to get it out was to smash it apart with air hammers." For weeks, rows of men, shuddering over the bouncing bars of their demolition weapons, marched slowly down a flight deck equal in size to three football fields, and sent the splinters flying. And for weeks bonfires roared in the yard as incredible mountains of lumber were burned.
Out came the three huge airplane elevators - "One hundred percent aluminum," says Hoffman - sliced by the torches into 8 by 20-foot slabs that could be stacked in the railroad cars. Hull and deck plating, cut into 8 by 40-foot chunks, soared away on the cranes. In the meantime, hundreds of miles of heavy copper cable from the ship's complex electrical nervous system was hauled up on deck and chopped into two foot sections by a thumping table shear that operated like a guillotine. The cable chunks were tossed like logs onto fires where the insulation was burned away so the valuable copper conductors could be melted down later at the scrapyard.
Torch cutters began to whittle away cautiously at the 140-foot stern overhang - removing the entire fantail in one gigantic piece. Then off came a chunk of bow superstructure, to balance the fore and aft weight. Nibbled away first at one end, then the other, the once mighty Enterprise gradually assumed the look of a row of building blocks, stacked four high in the center and dropping away in giant steps to the water line at each end.
"You've got to watch your stresses like a hawk," Hoffman points out. "When the top decks are off, rain water collects in the hull and can add a lot of weight where you don't expect it. Then, too, there's no buoyancy in the bow keel - it's a dead weight tugging against the rest of the ship." You could see what he meant when you stared down at the 140-foot, sword-like projection of steel jutting forward from the fat, tapering hull. To check the stresses along the ship's deck plates and hull structure, Hoffman prowled through her each morning with a delicate strain gauge, ordering so many tons taken from here and moved to there, like a chemist adjusting a balance, but on a Paul Bunyan scale. "If you don't do it," he says, "you're heading for trouble."
The veteran ship un-builder can cite a dozen grim examples of near catastrophes on other salvage jobs. In one instance, the hull of a big liner, in the process of demolition, cracked in two places reaching far below the water line from heavy strains on the structure in an unexpected storm. Hoffman saved it by putting a crew to work sewing two gigantic canvas tubes which he wrapped around the hull over the splits and inflated like a couple of tires.
To remove the Enterprise's heavy, nonbuoyant chunk of bow, crews first loaded tons of scrap steel in the empty well of the aft boiler room. The effect was like putting a fat man in the stern of a light dinghy. The bow lifted and the burners went to work with their torches.
Hoffman is proudest of the way he solved the problem of removing the carrier's four monster shafts and propellers. "The outboard shafts extended 85 feet from the hull housings, and they were still four feet underwater after we'd lightened her up as much as possible," he reveals. "They weighed 26 tons apiece, plus 13 tons for each propeller. So I sent down a skin diver who put a buoyed cable choker around the shaft. Then the diver sat on the shaft, near the housing where it entered the ship, and burned a deep notch in the top half of it with an underwater torch. When he finished, we burned off the outboard bearing supports - and the whole shaft broke right off, just like a tree being felled. We picked up the buoy, hooked the choker to the hoist on a 50-ton gantry crane, and lifted the whole works out of the mud. In two days, all the shafts and propellers were up in the yard."
With shafts out, sternbacks could be burned away and the upper decks cut down until there was nothing left in the water but a small chunk of center section. When that is gone the Big E will live among the great legends in our military annals. A few scraps of her will still be around, however. The rounded skirt of her fantail is destined to become a monument in center field on the diamond of Hoffman's favorite Little League ball team in River Vale, N. J. And the section of steel bulkhead containing her battle record was cut out intact for posterity. Few ships in history can boast the achievements emblazoned on that sheet of steel. Beside her impressive record of kills is the long row of battle stars, nine Navy Commendations and a Presidential Unit Citation - the first ever given to an aircraft carrier.
The Enterprise was one of those rare combinations - a rugged ship on which everything nearly always worked the way it was supposed to, and whose complement of officers and men always seemed to function with miraculous teamwork and spirit. B. J. Oglesby, a member of her crew through the great ship's early campaigns, wrote to Popular Mechanics and explained some of the factors that made her the number one fighting ship of her time.
"Her crew," says Oglesby, "was the cream of the crop, made up of highly trained enlisted men with high-school education or better, and officers who were nearly all Naval Academy graduates. Our chief petty officers were outstanding men in more ways than one. Bing Miller and Jelly Jones, two of the Navy's great baseball players were among them; so was Chief Sobeloff, the fleet boxing champ. Our aerographer, Chief Lindemann, was the Navy's top enlisted weatherman, and no one in the fleet knew more about engines than our chief machinist's mate, Krup [1] , who was later beheaded by the Japs on Guam.
"But the number one reason for the spirit aboard was ... Captain C. A. Pownall, who commanded her during the critical training period just before war broke out. He was a stern - but understanding - C.O. who demanded nothing less than perfection - and got it. As a result, we held many fleet honors. Our communications department won the coveted 'C' for excellence; we held three 'E's' on the five-inch gun mounts, an engineering 'E,' and boasted the top baseball, basketball, softball, and rowing teams in the fleet. Our rowing team won the International Battenberg Cup. This striving for the best extended through our air group whose fighters always strafed closer, whose dive bombers waited just a little longer to release bombs, and whose torpedo planes pressed in to spitting distance before dropping their fish. This great competitive spirit was largely responsible for the fantastic record of enemy planes shot down, ships sunk, and shore installations destroyed during the real hostilities, and may explain why the Big E was able to continue fighting after suffering, on several occasions, what would have been mortal damage to a less efficiently run ship.
"Another factor was the personal conviction of every man aboard that it was our job to avenge Pearl Harbor. We had come into Pearl on December 8, 1941, to find ships still burning and the stench of the dead on the air. Every man was hopping mad to refuel, rearm, get back to sea and kill the enemy. That burning desire to kill the enemy was still in me when I left the Enterprise months later, and didn't disappear until long after I returned to the United States as an instructor in a training school in Florida. I have talked to many other shipmates who had the same experience.
And the hard fact is that no ship in the U.S. Pacific Fleet during World War II did more to "kill the enemy" than the far-famed fighting lady - Big E.
Celtic's Champions League hopes suffered a blow as captain Scott Brown's appeal against the length of his suspension was dismissed by Uefa.
The midfielder was banned for two matches on top of his automatic one-game suspension for being sent off in the Group H clash against Barcelona on October 1, when he flicked a leg out at Neymar after fouling the Brazilian. Brown missed the home game against Ajax as a result and travelled to Geneva to plead his case to Uefa's appeals committee, eager for the chance to return early. However, that appeal was unsuccessful and the Scotland international will sit out the return game against Ajax in Amsterdam on Wednesday and the visit of AC Milan later in the month.
Celtic manager Lennon, speaking ahead of today's Scottish Premiership clash with Dundee United at Parkhead, said: “We didn't win the appeal. It is disappointing because we thought we had a good case. He will be flying back and meeting up with the squad tonight. I feel the ban is excessive for a misdemeanour, or whatever you want to call it. I am sure we had a fair hearing but it wasn't to be. It is a blow for us and for Scott and we will just have to deal with it.”
With midfielder Nir Biton suspended for the trip to Amsterdam after being sent off in the 2-1 win against Ajax, Joe Ledley having problems with his back and Kris Commons racing to overcome a hamstring injury, Lennon pinpointed the importance of Beram Kayal as he pondered his line-up for the visit of United. Former Celtic skipper Lennon said: “You are hoping to have the ban reduced but, if not, you have contingency plans just in case. Kayal, Ledley and Efe Ambrose can play in midfield. We will have to keep an eye on Kayal, we can't afford to lose too many players in that area because it is a crucial part of the pitch. There is a temptation to rotate the squad, it is something we will look at.”
Lennon, who addressed reports that he is interested in Partick Thistle left-back Aaron Taylor-Sinclair by saying “it is just speculation at the minute”, is looking to remain unbeaten in the league before setting off for Amsterdam on Tuesday.
“I want to keep this run going. I want to go into the Ajax game in good shape, psychologically,” he said. “It is a game we want to win and win well.”
Meanwhile, Dundee United manager Jackie McNamara has challenged his side to put a controversial League Cup exit behind them and show their true colours at Celtic Park.
A first-half flare-up at Inverness saw Nadir Ciftci sent off after reacting angrily to a Richie Foran tackle on Gary Mackay-Steven that sparked a melee. The 21-year-old Turkish striker has since been accused by the Scottish Football Association of grabbing assistant referee Gavin Harris “by the throat” and an opposition player “by the face”, and he could face a long suspension. He disputed his sending-off and must respond to the accusations of excessive misconduct at a hearing next Thursday.
Ciftci is available for the trip to Parkhead and McNamara must decide whether to select him. The United manager has no plans to change his team's style of play for the Premiership clash with the champions but, after a 2-1 defeat in the Highlands, he hopes for better in Glasgow. United have won many admirers already this season with their brand of exciting football which last weekend saw them tear St Mirren apart 4-0 at Tannadice. McNamara said: “We're looking forward to going to Celtic Park and we'll approach it like we do any other game. That's when we're at our best and we'll try to show that again on Saturday.
“We have some very good forward-thinking players who can cause any team problems. This is a great stage to go and play and it can bring out the best in us.”
McNamara has told his players to forget about their cup exit and focus on tackling Lennon's men, saying: “What's done is done now.
“We wanted to progress in the cup but it wasn't to be. It's about moving on and trying to get a positive result in the next game. Celtic are a quality side but, as always, we'll focus on ourselves and stick to the things we're good at.”
At first we would like to thank KingFast for offering a sample of their latest F8 240GB SSD for testing and reviewing.
“KingFast, is a leading and Professional manufacturer of High-tech SSDs Solid State Drive Products since 2008. Our company specializes in the development, manufacturing and selling of SSDs Solid State Storage Products.
Our SSDs are extensively used in mainstream PCs market and industrial market. our products are widely recognized and trusted by users and can meet continuously developing economic and Customer needs.
Our factory is equipped with the most advanced manufacturing facilities, having received the International ISO9001 Certification with computerized QA systems strictly to all European and American testing standards such as CE, FCC and ROHS. And, all of our SSDs products are provided with 3-year warranty.
Our motto is that quality is our life. For this, we firmly promise our customers with competitive price, top quality, timely delivery and the good after-sales-service. Therefore, we have had many valuable customers throughout Europe, America, Asia, Australia and the Middle East etc.We welcome new and old customers worldwide to contact us for more business cooperation and mutual success.”
Under the new legislation, social media companies have 24 hours to remove posts that obviously violate German law and have been reported by other users. In cases that are more ambiguous, Facebook and other sites have seven days to deal with the offending post. If they don't comply with the new legislation, the companies could face a fine of up to 50 million euros ($57.1 million).
The law was passed with votes from the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) - Social Democratic Party (SPD) government coalition. The Left Party in the Bundestag voted against it, while members of the Greens abstained.
The new rules are supposed to drastically reduce the number of posts containing hate speech, fake news and terror propaganda on social media. In January and February 2017, Youtube deleted 90 percent of hate speech videos reported by users - but Twitter only deleted one percent. Facebook did a little better at 39 percent.
"We do not accept the fact that companies in Germany do not adhere to the law," Justice Minister Heiko Maas (SPD) told public broadcaster ARD in April, explaining why the new legislation was necessary.
Skeptics criticize, however, that under the new rules social media managers are the ones who have to decide whether content complies with German law. They also worry that freedom of speech will suffer since, in their opinion, companies are likely to delete many posts just to be on the safe side and avoid fines.
Maas said the new law didn't curb freedom of speech but was rather a prerequisite for it. To counter the criticism, the legislation also stipulates the establishment of an independent regulatory institution to which Facebook and other sites can pass on content when they're not sure whether it should be deleted. Investigators there will then make the final decision.
Landmark legislation in Europe
In addition to the strict new rules about deletion, the law forces networks to reveal the identity of those behind the hateful posts and to offer users "an easily recognizable, directly reachable, and constantly available" complaint process for "prosecutable content," which includes libel, slander, defamation, incitement to commit a crime, hate speech against a particular social group, and threats.
Germany is the first country in Europe to introduce such clear legal guidelines against online hate speech.
Related article December 13th, 2010 – Facebook: The real privacy killer
Update March 1st, 2010 – Chrome adds links to clear ‘adobe cookies'
There are hundreds of applications out there from spyware cleaners to built-in browser features that eliminate cookies on the spot, and even let you set cookie policies on your computer regarding what can be stored in your machine, and for how long.
I'm assuming that if you're here reading this post, you already know all of the dangers of cookies on your computer. In all honesty, I don't seriously believe that they're the most dangerous form of movement or web tracking, but they can definitely be used to monitor more movements than a person should feel comfortable with.
What if there was a type of cookie that could:
Stay on your computer for an unlimited amount of time
Store 100 kb of data by default, with an unlimited max
Couldn't be deleted by your browser
Send previous visit information and history, by default, without your permission
Okay… That's a pretty scary cookie. As it is right now, the cookies we're so deadly afraid of can store a maximum of 4 kb of information, are manage by your browser, and by default have reasonable defaults and restrictions.
This type of cookie exists on 98% of global computers, across all operating systems. it's the Adobe Flash Player.
The Adobe Flash Player maintains proprietary cookies called Local Shared Objects or LSO‘s. LSO's are capable of storing 100 kb's of information for an indefinite amount of time by default. When you clear your browser history in Internet Explorer, Firefox or Opera on Windows, Linux, or OS X LSO's are not cleared from Adobe's local repository.
In fact, all the information in those cookies will remain indefinitely until they're removed by the issuing website, or by you via a cumbersome and ridiculous process.
Unfortunately, I haven't even explained the worst of it.
There's no easy way to tell what sites are using flash cookies to track your movements. There's no list, and there doesn't have to be a flash GUI or visible application for flash cookies to be present. In fact, most websites using flash for user tracking don't create GUI's, toolbars, or applications that you can actually see in your browser while browsing the site.
Many times a tiny flash module, 2 kb in size or less is loaded into your browser on every page visit in the same way a gif, jpg or other image is. The whole purpose of this tiny, invisible flash module might be to simply record the page request, and your username or other session variables.
Alright, so now you're sufficiently convinced that this is creepy stuff. Let's talk about how to get rid of it?
Lame as it might be, the Flash Player has no ability to delete cookies. And as I've already said, your browser can't help you out. It doesn't even know these cookies exist! Most of the privacy settings for Adobe Flash have be accessed via a flash application on Adobe's website called the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager.
If you want to access the Settings Manager, you can do so here. In fact, open it up now and let's take a look.
If you've clicked the link above, then you're looking at the Flash Player Settings Manager, and a list of all the sites currently storing information on the cookies stored on your computer.
Looking at my list, I see over 100 websites that have been accessing the same cookie for the last year (the last time I formatted my computer). Some of them are storing only 1kb of information, some are storing the full 100 kb's. On my own computer, I see that my bank is storing flash information despite the fact that there isn't a single flash application visible when I log in to check my balance. I see Youtube, CNN, Microsoft, Rotten Tomatoes and a ton more!
To delete all the Flash Cookies currently being stored on your machine:
Go to the Settings Manager (Website Storage Settings) Go to the far-right tab Click “Delete all sites”
To prevent websites from storing any more information on your computer:
Go to Settings Manager Click the Second Tab from the left (Global Storage Settings) Set the Storage Settings slider to None Uncheck “Allow Third Party Flash Content to store data on your computer
There are several other “privacy” settings on the other tabs, but don't be persuaded. Most of those privacy settings have to do with whether or not websites can access your microphone and webcam. There isn't a single cookie option on any of the privacy tabs on the Settings Manager.
Adobe, as a global leader in browser technology (a 98% computer market share), has a responsibility to make Privacy Options easily accessible from within the Player application itself. They also have a responsibility to set reasonble default limitations. It's ridiculous that they would enable websites to store cookies indefinitely, and in such large sizes.
Is Adobe intentionally allowing websites to abuse privacy? You tell me. Comments Welcome.
edit: changed Macromedia to Adobe. Sorry, I'm from the ‘ol days.
Increase your e-mail privacy: Anonymous E-mail Boxes with makemetheking.com
I feel compelled to write something about what happened last night because I hardly know how to talk about it. It's rare that such truly important circumstances factor into something as inconsequential as sport. Most of what we experience as a collective of fans is emotional. Last night's game really highlighted that. All we can do is sit there, watch and hope. I decided to tune in for the late game last night, in an odd way to “be there” for Craig Anderson. It's of course a bit of a silly sentiment as I was just passively watching a hockey game on a screen over 3000 kilometers away. But as a fan of his I, for lack of a better way of explaining it, wanted to see if he was okay. Of course we all know, deep down, he's not okay. We can only hope for a couple of hours, within the focus that his job requires of him, Craig Anderson found some respite from the difficulty of the situation that he, his wife Nicholle and their children are experiencing.
Part of what had me anxiously bouncing my legs and wincing at every Edmonton shot like it was a game 7 of a playoff series was this: Sports is not a movie. The drama is not scripted. As Sens fans we unfortunately know this all too well. So many times we've wanted things to come together for those who are hurting. For the success of our team to in some small way honour the legacy of those our community has lost. Those like Pat Redden, Roger Neilson, Daron Richardson and Mark Reeds. Since he revealed the severity of his illness, I assume we've all at some point imagined the glory of Bryan Murray raising a well deserved Cup over his head. These are only small honors but they carry big meaning for our community. A complete stranger donated a piece of his body to the team's owner Eugene Melnyk and saved his life. He withheld his identity but left only the message that Melnyk help bring home a championship with his new lease on life. As much as I try to brush it off at times I must admit, this stuff is in its own way important. If a Senators win puts some wind in kids like Jonathan Pitre's sails, that is important. If what her husband did under immense pressure put a smile on Nicholle Anderson's face during the hardest time of her life, that is important. That importance is why you had Edmonton fans on their feet applauding the goaltender whom they just spent time and money watching shut their home team out.
Again, this is a sport, a game. We as fans play the role of customer much of the time. We all in our own way believe the customer is always right and feel it our duty to criticize when we are dissatisfied. I am definitely no stranger the world of calculating salaries, referring to players as “assets” or “pieces” arguing who should not play or be demoted to the minor leagues or bought out of their contract completely. The game we watch together is so often referred to as a product and when facing the most challenging times in their careers, the players who play, echo the reality that, “It's a business.”
What made last night so special is that the business stuff all went away for a few fleeting moments. What we saw was a truly human display. In a game that is more reliant than ever on intricate strategy, mathematic analysis, speed and skill I believe we did witness the power of the often admonished element of will. Craig Anderson and his teammates “wanted it more” in a way that I don't think you can get away with every night. The Senators won't pull out every game on that extra incentive to win and Andy will not pitch a shutout every night to seek temporary relief from the hard time he's going through. But last night they did and they did it as a team. If you follow the Sens closely you saw, especially as the game wore on, that battles for lose pucks were fought more tenaciously than usual, shots were blocked with no hesitation, sticks deflected incoming pucks away from danger with noticeable precision, the puck was repeatedly carried out of the defensive zone with fierce speed. Hell, this team that often struggles defsensively managed to contain the best offensive team in the league featuring a kid who looks like a first ballot hall of famer at age 19 for a full 60 minutes. Chris Kelly looked 10 years younger killing penalties, Karlsson looked 20 pounds heavier and 2 inches taller muscling larger opponents off pucks, Borowiecki looked nothing like the guy we regularly put on the seat of the proverbial dunk tank week after week and Andy, well, he was perfect. Maybe it's just me and they were the same guys they always are and played a great road game as the did in Vancouver last week. Looking at the clip of the players hugging Anderson at the end of the game with Chris Neil fighting back tears in the background tells me otherwise.
The truth is many people get out of bed and go to work while facing similar challenges at home every single day. There's no spectacle for them. No fanfare. But Craig Anderson has a pressure filled job that is broadcast on national television. An off day at the office, a few false moves can mean failure for he and all of his coworkers. Last night under the bright lights of the arena there was nowhere for him to hide. To see a fellow human being who is dealing with such a tough time literally win, literally be cheered for his efforts for one night was truly rare, truly special.
Thank you to Nicholle for her bravery and unfathomable generosity in urging Craig to rejoin his team. We do not deserve it. We are with you and we wish you all the best.
https://www.nhl.com/community/hockey-fights-cancer/donate
How Can You Tell When A CEO Is Lying?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dave Einsel/Getty Images Dave Einsel/Getty Images
In the financial markets, a lot rides on the word of a company's top executives. If a CEO tells a lie, a lot of shareholders can get hurt.
Now, after studying thousands of corporate earnings calls, two researchers from Stanford University think they've come up with a way to tell when senior executives are fibbing.
It's a question that people have been wrestling with for as long as humans have been interacting with each other.
"I think since the Garden of Eden we've been trying to figure this out -- who's lying and who's not lying," says David Larcker, a professor of accounting at Stanford's Graduate School of Business.
Opaque Books, Huge Frauds
He says it's a question that has taken on real urgency in the business world in recent years. The financial crisis underscored how opaque the books are at a lot of companies, and before that came the massive corporate frauds at Enron and WorldCom.
"There were some gigantic accounting frauds -- big restatements and things like that -- so a typical issue for us or for analysts or institutional investors is, can you actually predict those companies that are likely to have problems?" Larcker says.
Read The Study Detecting Deceptive Discussions In Conference Calls
That question is what he and Ph.D. student Anastasia Zakolyukina set out to answer. It's a field psychologists and linguists have studied a lot over the years, and they've come up with certain indicators that signal deception.
For instance, in 2002 NPR interviewed Computer Associates CEO Sanjay Kumar, who later went to prison for securities fraud, about his company's auditing practices.
Here's what he said: "There's no one out there today in the world of public companies who has the former chief accountant for the SEC running their audit committee. We do. There's no one out there who has the pre-eminent governance leader, professor [Jay] Lorsch, for example, running their governance committee. We do."
In other words, Kumar was asked, "Can your books be trusted?" And he replied by saying, "We hire the very best auditors." Larcker says that can be a big warning sign.
"You basically are not answering the question. You're basically making reference to somebody else, and those are the kinds of things in psychology you look for," he says.
Words To Watch Out For: 'We' And 'Our Team'
Larcker and Zakolyukina pored through the transcripts of thousands of corporate earnings calls when CEOs and chief financial officers take questions from analysts.
And then they studied the words of executives at companies that later had to restate earnings, which often happens after fraud has occurred. The researchers identified some key indicators of deception.
Zakolyukina says lying executives tend to overuse words like "we" and "our team" when they talk about their company. They avoid saying "I."
She says there's a reason for that: "If I'm saying 'I' or 'me' or 'mine,' I'm showing my ownership of the statement, so psychologically I'm showing I'm responsible for what I'm saying."
Emphasizing The Positive
Lying CEOs also tend to use a lot of words that express positive emotion -- things are fabulous and fantastic and extraordinary.
Here's what Enron CEO Kenneth Lay said when he addressed his employees at a time when the company was about to implode: "I think our core businesses are extremely strong. We have a very strong competitive advantage. Of course, we are transferring this very successful business model and approach to a lot of new, very large markets globally."
Words like that can be a form of overcompensation.
"If all my speech is 'fantastic,' 'superb,' 'outstanding,' 'excellent' and all my speech sounds like a big hype -- it probably is," Larcker says.
A Speech Detector That Issues Red Flags
Larcker and Zakolyukina have put their data into a computer model -- one that can issue red flags when signs of deception occur. And they've already heard from a lot of people in the markets wanting to use it.
Larcker says he received at least one critical comment that basically said: "Thanks a lot for telling the CEOs and CFOs how to lie."
He acknowledges that a lot more research needs to be done in the field, and he's the first to admit his model is not foolproof.
But in a decade when billions of dollars have been lost in accounting frauds, a lot of investors will be ready to seize on any tool they can find to figure out who they can trust.
Xiaomi Mi Mix was released last year with some innovative features which includes its near bezel-less wide screen with a high screen-to-body ratio. The design of the smartphone was also revolutionary with the smartphone getting featured on Times magazine because of its beautiful design.
It has now been revealed by Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun that the Mi Mix also won several awards since its release both on the domestic scene and internationally because of its exceptional design which took the idea of concept phone to an all new level. Some of the awards were as recent as during the CES 2017. Lei Jun revealed this via a Weibo post meant to thank fans for their support. The poster attached to the post contained a list of media houses which awarded the Mi Mix some recognition and it includes names like PCPOP.com, Tech Advisor, IT168.com and several others. You can check it out from down below.
Read Also: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Leaked Renders Suggest 100% Screen-to-Body Ratio, Dual Cameras
Some of the awards comes with titles such as Annual Innovative Products, Annual Product Innovation Awards, Innovative Mobile Phone of the Year, Best Industrial Design Mobile Phone, Yearly Design Mobile Phone, Annual Innovative Product, Annual Mobile Phone of the Year, Best Of CES 2017, Annual Mediocrity Design terminator, the best innovative mobile phone design etc. Basically, they are all related to the innovative design and other innovative features the Concept Mi Mix came with.
(source)
A History of Video Games In Frank Ocean's Career In a career filled with sinous decisions and a knack for deconstructing social barriers, there's been an innocent variable throughout Frank Ocean's music, his love for video games. From galactic backdrops on “Saturday Night Live” to project openers, video games have become a staple in a career that's virtually unpredictable. Frank's love for video games dates back to the days of the Dreamcast playing Street Fighter and have developed into having a fully fledged radio show in one of the biggest titles of all time.
As a big Street Fighter fan, Frank paid homage in his Twitter bio to “Yoga Flame”, a special attack used by the character Dhalsim in Street Fighter II.
Frank's Tumblr is filled with pictures of Street Fighter, Playstation logos, Pacman and Nintendo pictures.
Frank's first project, “nostalgia, ULTRA” is a “labour of love” as he calls it, filled with days of romance he'll never get back. He stitches the project together using classic video games and cassette player sounds to accurately reflect a period of time in his life filled with discovery and wonder. From the sun orange M3 E30 (he found on a BMW forum) hugging the lush greenery to the vibrant cover of Coldplay's “Strawberry Swing”, Frank creates an atmosphere which oozes out the sentimentality of his boyhood.
The project starts off with the track “street fighter”, just one of the few 1990s video games references.
Track 8 “goldeneye” references the 1997 video game released for the Nintendo 64.
Track 13: “soul calibur” references the legendary game referenced in 1995 by Namco for the Dreamcast.
On the first track of 2012′s “channel ORANGE” “Start”, Frank begins the album off in a smokey atmosphere as the Playstation 1 startup sound smoothly chimes in. Just as as he did with nostalgia, ULTRA, he references Street Fighter, this time sampling sounds from the game's character selection menu.
Frank wearing a Street Fighter II shirt at a Terry Richardson photoshoot in 2012.
Hosted by Seth McFarlane, Frank Ocean made his Saturday Night Live debut on September 15th, 2012. Appearing through cyberpunk lights and a backdrop of vintage arcade games, Ocean took stage with guitarist John Mayer and played ‘Thinkin Bout You' and ‘Pyramids'.
Some of the games present were Galaga and Street Fighter. Frank also mentioned Galaga on Odd Future's “Oldie” rapping “get me a Persian rug where the centere looks like Galaga”.
2016′s Blonde is a burgeoning freedom of self-discovery. A forest full of narratives telling Frank's trip from adolescence into adulthood. Frank steers away from Hollywood like stories as he did with Channel Orange tracks like “Lost”, “Monks” and “Pyramids” and chose to bleed his personal experiences into the project. This artistic choice resulted in less cultural references to movies, video games and entertainment unlike his previous projects. Instead, Blonde focus more on lanmdark moments, and an overall rumination on identity.
Track 15 on the project is titled “Seigfried”. Frank debuted this track in the summer of 2013 in the midst of a German crowd in Munich. As the guitar strummed and the lyrics were sung for the first time, the world came to be known this as ‘Brave'. 4 years later, it appeared on Blonde and was noticeably stripped of the soulful guitar and thumping drums. An artistic choice that allowed the track to be much more minimalistic and cinematic. Frank spent much of his time in Germany visiting Berghain and creating with composer Wolfgang Tillmans, the photograher of the album cover. As previously mentioned, he also debuted the song in Germany and the name Siegfried means “Victory” in German. Siegfried is also considered as one of the heroes in the German poem titled “The Song of the Nibelungs”. It also may be a homage to the Soul Calibur series as its main character is named Siegfried. In his debut, Siegfried appeared as a young German man with short blond hair.
In December 2017, Rockstar Games updated “Grand Theft Auto Online” with Frank's Beats1 radio show. In the Los Santos universe, Frank's show is titled “blonded Los Santos 97.8 FM” and features tracks from several artists including Burial, Aphex Twin and Jay-Z.
Former youth soccer prodigy Gerardo Bruna, he of Real Madrid, Liverpool and Spain academy fame, made a surprise appearance at the first session of Ottawa Fury training camp this morning at Brancheau-Brière complex in Gatineau, Québec.
Bruna was signed by the Fury in January, but at the time of the announcement it was understood that he would only join the squad following the end of his current club Accrington Stanley's season and after the NASL summer break, in July. However, eagle-eyed observers were able to spot the young Spaniard at training this morning, and ask head coach Paul Dalglish about it following practice. “We managed to agree with Accrington to get him here early,” said Dalglish. “We're really pleased that we managed to do that for pre-season and really thankful to them for allowing us to get it done.”
Bruna spoke to reporters after practice, and spoke about his excitement in being able to join the squad in pre-season. “Paul (Dalglish) made a big effort to try and get me here before the season begins. I'm really happy to start with the team now. The best thing for me was to come now, especially since I started training in June (2015) and if I was going to come in July (2016) it was going to be a very long season for me. Once Paul spoke to the club and they agreed a deal, he told me to get some rest so I can be 100% for the whole season here.”
Notes:
Mike Stobe/Getty Images
HARRISON, N.J. — The numbers are impressive.
After Saturday afternoon's 2-0 whitewash of the visiting Philadelphia Union, the Red Bulls (11-5-5, 38 points) are 7-0-3 at home this season. Perhaps more incredible, the club is 32-0-11 when it has scored first during the three-year tenure of Coach Hans Backe.
With the victory, the Red Bulls pocketed a cool seven points from three games in seven days and will go into Major League Soccer's all-star break with a one-point first-place lead in the Eastern Conference over Sporting Kansas City after New England took a point in a 0-0 tie at Livestrong Sporting Park Saturday night.
Asked if he was satisfied with the seven points, three of them in the beastly heat this past Wednesday, the club's star, captain and clear leader, the loquacious Thierry Henry said: “We wanted nine. But after tying Seattle, we knew that seven points is not too bad.”
The Red Bulls opened the three-game stretch with a 2-2 tie against the Sounders on July 15, followed with the 1-0 win against Chicago in the stifling heat on Wednesday, then saw off the Union on two headed goals by Kenny Cooper. The scores increased Cooper's season total to 13, second-most in the league, and were his first goals since May 23.
With the addition of Sebastien Le Toux and in the grips of a injury hoodoo that has sidelined Rafa Marquez, Jan Gunnar Solli, Heath Pearce, Teemu Tainio and now, perhaps, Brandon Barklage, the Red Bulls have stumbled upon the player Henry called “my guy,” the rookie Connor Lade.
A New Jersey native by way of the club's academy and St. John's University, Lade, all 5 feet 6 inches of him, was drafted as a defender but has found a home in Backe's cobbled together midfield.
“He's the man of the season to me by distance,” Henry said. “He works in training, he comes early and stays late. I like his attitude. He fights for every ball, and he'll go forward, stay back, whatever. He's the type of guy you want to have in the team, a kind of player we didn't have in the past. He's a revelation. It's simple: when you're good, you're good.”
Henry, an avid basketball fan and a friend of San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker, a fellow Frenchman, was quick on the basketball analogy. He pointed out that the Miami Heat expect big things from LeBron James, but recently won the N.B.A. title on the strength of less-heralded players.
“That's how you win things; you don't win titles without guys like Connor,” Henry said. “I love Connor; for me, he's our go-to guy. He plays right, left, center, back, forward. It doesn't matter.”
Lade has become a fan favorite at Red Bull Arena with his tireless, aggressive play, the type of effort that reminds people of a certain age of the gnat-like Jeff Cacciatore.
With the match scoreless late in the first half, Joel Lindpere slid a pass from the center of the field toward the left flank. Henry played the decoy as the ball rolled to Lade. His crossing pass found Cooper's head for the game's first goal in the 43rd minute. He was in the mix again 13 minutes into the second half when he spied an open Henry on the left. Henry's cross was headed home again by Cooper.
“I'm a small guy,” Lade said. “I've had to fight bigger guys my whole life. Coach just wants me to cause as much trouble as possible, find good spots and make room for our best players. I'm not trying to get too overconfident, I just want to play simple and consistent. I just want to be solid and contribute.”
Follow Jack Bell on Twitter.
Donald Trump speaks during a rally at the Treasure Island Hotel in Las Vegas on Saturday. John Gurzinski/Getty Images
LAS VEGAS—Anna Khait, a 27-year-old professional poker player and a contestant on the latest season of Survivor, was standing next to the entrance of the Cirque du Soleil's Mystère in the Treasure Island Hotel, explaining the shirt she was wearing. It read “Hillary for Prison 2016.” A line looped around vast portions of the sprawling casino—thousands of people, in all, hoping to see Donald Trump speak.
“I got this on Infowars.com. I love this shirt,” Khait said. “There's so many people walking by saying, ‘I love this shirt, I love this shirt, give me a high five.' ”
At this moment a middle-aged black woman stopped to compliment Khait on her shirt. “Yay, Hillary!”
“For prison,” Khait explained gently.
“Oh, you want her in prison?” the woman asked.
“She's a criminal,” Khait said.
This proved to be something of a motif at Trump's event in Vegas on Saturday. The idea that the woman favored to take the White House in November belongs in prison was endorsed heartily by supporters and introductory speakers alike and was hinted at by the candidate himself. It wasn't an argument so much as a mood, and it was general across the room.
Our colloquy continued.
“He's an idiot,” the woman was saying of Trump. “He's crazy.”
Khait: “Google ‘Clinton Foundation.' No, no, just Google ‘Clinton Foundation.' They take like $25 million from Saudi Arabia and places that kill … ”
Woman: “Why would you want a president that talks the way he talks? Why?”
Khait: “He says it like it is, though.”
Woman: “No, he doesn't say it like it is. He says it like an idiot.”
Khait was unmoved. She described again what she wanted the woman to search for on Google.
“She's such an advocate for women's rights and gay rights and all that stuff? She just took $25 million from Saudi Arabia. She takes so much outside foreign money to the Clinton Foundation,” Khait said. “She doesn't have American people's mentality in mind. She has foreign country's mentality because she got paid so much money.”
A Trump supporter in Las Vegas. Jeremy Stahl
America, this is our discourse. Our discourse is a half-celebrity in an Infowars T-shirt, making an argumentum ad search engine about Clinton's treason. We can call this a symptom of the Trump candidacy, this habit of criminalizing the GOP's main political adversaries, but all Trump did was take the animal impulses of his party and put them in the shop window. It's not so hard to imagine a world in which the “Hillary for Prison” memes were a major theme of a different nominee's candidacy—Ted Cruz's, say, or Marco Rubio's.
It's true that, as Khait notes, Bill and Hillary's Clinton Foundation did take between $10 million and $25 million from Saudi Arabia and millions more from other regimes and political actors that oppress the rights of women, gays, and religious minorities. Trump has demanded that the foundation return the money. Whether or not this was an actual conflict of interest when Clinton served as secretary of state, it certainly contributes to a general sense that the Clintons are too enmeshed with too many wicked people to be clean themselves. Here at the Trump rally it means more than that: It is reason to throw Clinton behind bars.
To be a Trump supporter is to enter an unending psychodrama in which the country is alive with sedition. Khait grew up liberal and voted for Obama in 2008, but now she agrees when she hears Trump say that Obama might have “something else in mind” when it comes to his purported failure to prevent terrorism.
“This is going to sound extreme: Either he's blackmailed with something or he has an ulterior motive,” she said. “I don't know what [the ulterior motives] are, but to be honest with you I happen to agree with Trump on this that he's a terrible leader and he's not keeping our country safe and there's something else there. I have a strong feeling that this guy is not a friend of America.” She also said that Clinton and Obama had “a lot to gain by having these attacks happen” and cited their pro-gun control stances.
Khait, who was born in Russia and immigrated with her parents 23 years ago, also adamantly supports Trump's immigration policies, including his Muslim ban, even though she said she favors certain legal immigration. “There's a lot of safe and peaceful immigrants,” she said. “For example Russia. Peaceful. … Italians. Germans.” (Khait's official Survivor profile lists her pet peeves as “[a]rrogance, ignorance and when someone picks on someone less fortunate.”)
Trump supporter Nick Babiarz, 29. Jeremy Stahl
It was Mitt Romney, now one of Trump's leading opponents in the GOP, who actively sought Trump's endorsement in 2012 despite his vocal views that Obama was a foreign-born usurper of the White House. The 2012 Republican nominee even hosted a Vegas fundraiser with Trump on the same day Trump doubled down on the birtherism. And the talking point that helped torpedo Rubio's 2016 presidential bid—“He knows exactly what he's doing”—is just a gentler variation on Khait's idea that Obama is intentionally trying to destroy America from within. The Republicans' 2008 nominee, Sen. John McCain, recently said that Obama was “directly responsible” for the Orlando killings, another light spin on the theme that he is expressly allowing Americans to be killed. And you can look no further than the hyperpartisan folderol that was the House Select Committee on Benghazi's humiliating 11-hour grilling of Clinton, the intent of which was to depict her as a negligent criminal who has undermined the security of America. Republicans have been working from this hymn book since at least the impeachment of Bill Clinton.
Wayne Allyn Root, one of Trump's introductory speakers in Vegas, was a huge hit with the crowd when he said that Obama was bringing in immigrants who wanted to hurt America and promised that Trump would prosecute both him and Clinton. Trump will “stop the madness of purposefully importing Syrian migrants and Muslim refugees into our country,” Root said to massive applause. He cited a notoriously shaky survey that said that 51 percent of Muslims in the U.S. support Sharia and argued that “liberal lawyers and Muslim sympathizers” were setting current U.S. anti-terrorism policy. Continuing to list the things he said Trump would do as president, Root arrived at “the big one”—prosecutions of Clinton and Obama:
[He will] investigate and prosecute the politicians who committed crimes against you the American people. What if the main things Donald accomplishes—other than cutting taxes and regulations and building a wall—is cleaning up the D.C. cesspool, holding the politicians accountable, and bringing criminals to justice. What if he sends Hillary Clinton to prison? You like that, huh? …
What if he prosecutes everyone involved with the fraud of Obamacare? Anyone who said, “If you like your insurance, you can keep it.”
That alone is worth the price of admission of President Donald J. Trump.
This was met with perhaps the healthiest applause of the entire event, which was punctuated repeatedly with shouts from the crowd of “Hillary for prison!” and “Impeach Obama!” and “Arrest Obama!”
Trump supporter Gary Wilson. Jeremy Stahl
On and on it went in this vein. Someone yelled, “Hillary for prison!” at Trump's personal hype man, Stephen Miller, during his introduction, and Miller responded, “Hillary Clinton is a career criminal, folks.” Someone yelled, “She's a traitor!” and Miller responded, “The corruption of Hillary Clinton would make many, many, many crime syndicates very jealous.” Trump came on and said the reason Bernie Sanders was staying in the Democratic primary was because “he's really waiting for the FBI to do what everybody thinks they're going to do” and charge Clinton with a crime related to her email scandal. This resulted in another “Hillary for prison!” cry from the crowd. “We'll see if the right thing happens,” Trump said. “Everybody knows what the right thing is.”
It was the same hymn book, for sure, only with horn arrangements now and a righteous organ solo and Trump and his fans giving the old songs everything they have.
“She's done treasonous acts,” said Gary Wilson, an exceedingly friendly 39-year-old registered Libertarian and former Ross Perot supporter who was wearing a tricorn hat with a “Make America Great Again” sticker on it. Wilson was involved in the Tea Party movement until it was “co-opted,” in his words, and he supported Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy's armed standoff with federal officials in 2014. (“I enjoyed their company,” he said of meeting the Bundys. “I thought they were really solid people.”)
What should the punishment be for these crimes of Clinton's?
“Public hanging, to be honest with you,” he said.
Does Wilson actually believe this?
“I do,” he said. He'd want the execution to be public. “I believe that would probably be the biggest pay-per-view event in the history of cable.”
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign.
So I gotta admit that I should have probably posted a lot of days ago. I goth these glsases last week sometime and they package was waiting for me when I got home from Germany.
See, the problem was that I've never had a nice set of whiskey glasses before. I certainly do like whiskey of all types (scotch, irish, bourbon, etc) but I usually drink it of mason jars. So I got these nice shiny cups with the silver rims (seriously, check out the rims in one of the pictures) and have been drinking whiskey non-stop for the last week. Which explains why it's taken me so long to post. It's still early today, so I'm posting before my current bottle of Catoctin Creek Rye is all gone. It will be soon, as you can see.
Anyway, thanks for helping me drink in style!
Australasia at the
Olympics Australasian Olympic Flag IOC code ANZ Medals Gold 3 Silver 4 Bronze 5 Total 12 Summer appearances 1908
1912 Other related appearances Australia (1896–1904, 1920–)
New Zealand (1920–)
Australasia was a combined team of athletes from Australia and the Dominion of New Zealand that competed together at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics. When the Olympic Games resumed in 1920 after World War I, the two nations sent separate teams to the Games, and have done so ever since.
Medal tables [ edit ]
Medals by Games [ edit ]
Games Athletes Gold Silver Bronze Total 1908 London 32 1 2 2 5 1912 Stockholm 26 2 2 3 7 Total 3 4 5 12
Medals by sport [ edit ]
Sport Gold Silver Bronze Total Swimming 2 3 3 8 Rugby union 1 0 0 1 Boxing 0 1 0 1 Athletics 0 0 1 1 Tennis 0 0 1 1 Total 3 4 5 12
List of medalists [ edit ]
The Australasia team won a total of twelve medals in the two Olympiads in which they competed, mostly in swimming. One New Zealander won a medal in 1908 (Harry Kerr a bronze in athletics[1]), and two New Zealanders (Malcolm Champion a gold in swimming,[2] Anthony Wilding a bronze in tennis[3]) won medals in 1912; all other medalists for Australasia were Australians.
Thousands line up at Chicago job fair for less than 60 positions
By Kristina Betinis
12 November 2012
For the first time, on November 9, the city of Chicago held a job fair in the impoverished neighborhood of Englewood. People reported having lined up in front of Kennedy King College beginning in the very early hours of Friday morning. By nine o'clock on Friday, thousands were waiting to get in, expecting to interview, leave a résumé, or fill out an application. More than 3,000 had attended by the time the event closed.
Unemployed and underemployed workers expressed frustration and anger at the organizers for raising expectations about the fair. Workers complained that they had waited in line for hours in the cold, only to learn they would not have the chance to interview or leave a résumé.
No interviews or on-the-spot hires were taking place. Many did nothing more than fill out an online form for one of 55 job openings on one of the few computers available, applications which anyone could have filled out from home or a public library. Some left not even having filled out the online application.
Earlier this year, Chicago Transit Authority held a fair to fill 400 positions, where 4,000 turned out, and the Department of Water Management held a fair to fill 75 laborer apprentice positions, where 10,000 turned out.
While the official unemployment rate in Chicago is lower than that in other metro areas, including its own suburbs, the number of people working service jobs for low or very low wages has risen, which has forced workers to seek out second and third jobs. Unemployment among African Americans in Chicago is third highest in the US, at over 19 percent.
Keyonya Mills said about the fair, “They could have said, go online, fill out the application. If you do not know how to fill out an application, come to Kennedy-King College and we'll train you. They have people wrapped around this entire building thinking this is a job fair and this is not a job fair.”
“This isn't really a job fair, it's just a meet-and-greet. It's nothing, they're just telling you what's going on with their business, but they're not really receiving any applications, or any résumés. It's nothing,” Michael Williams told CBS.
Johnta Montgomery, father of two, told the Sun Times, “I lost my job at Nordstrom two years ago and have been looking since. I've put in a million applications everywhere. I'm willing to do anything. But there's nothing. It's just dry out here. We need help.”
Mayor Rahm Emanuel made an appearance at the fair, where he was met by frustrated people desperate to work.
One worker said, “Excuse me Mr. Mayor, I have a question. I came down here, I stood in line for four hours, expecting to get a job interview, or fill out an application. And I stood in line for four hours to get a flyer telling me to go online.”
Emanuel's comments revealed the real purpose of the event. “The reason there's frustration is not for the two to three hours here, it's for the two to three years they've been waiting [for a job],” he said. “My goal was to get us organized … our job is to help people find a job. Even if we don't have it, to get them organized.”
Some expressed anger at being used as props at what was obviously a media event intended polish the mayor's image, which has been tarnished by his administration's relentless attacks on city services and worker pay and benefits―the most recent of which was an austerity contract imposed on 26,000 Chicago teachers.
The Englewood neighborhood where the event was held, has been ravaged by deindustrialization and cost-cutting. Long-term unemployment—and the denial of basic services through decades of cuts and closures to schools and medical service providers—has created immense suffering. Since 1980, the population has dropped by half, most forced out through foreclosure. The official poverty rate stands at 44 percent, and official unemployment hovers around 30 percent.
The Dead by Daylight team wasn't able to give us a full reveal for the forthcoming DLC featuring Freddy Krueger, but we got details regarding what we can expect in terms of new perks, and what the DLC will include.
This week's developer stream for Dead by Daylight featured Game Director Mathieu Cote and Creative Director Dave Richard discussing what they could about the new DLC that's on the way. Due to restrictions from Microsoft, the team at Behaviour Interactive wasn't able to do a full-on reveal of the DLC, but they certainly confirmed what had previously been all but confirmed: Freddy Kruger.
Mathieu began by commenting on the fact that the DLC, known as “Don't Fall Asleep” for now, is coming soon, but they cannot yet announce a date. He also was sure to lets everyone watching know that there will not yet be a trailer for the DLC, nor would it be coming out today like many players have been speculating. More than likely, we will be seeing this DLC go live next week in an update along with the Halloween Event going live.
As far as the Halloween event goes, we are still expecting the event to begin next Thursday on the 26th and it is expected to run until November 1st. Last week, community manager Not_Queen confirmed that the event will include an additional-Bloodpoint component, though we don't know how much. She also noted that this event will not include any sort of community challenge like the previous two have, and this one will just be for fun.
Mathieu and Dave answered some questions from the community, some of which included questions about what has already been released as part of the Halloween event, such as the decorated lobby, the new Nurse jack-o-lantern skin and the Halloween-themed flashlight and med-kit. Dave confirmed that the Nurse skin will be staying in the game once the event is over, but everything else will be gone as of November 1st.
As the comment section exploded with questions about the forthcoming DLC and insisting that the devs give us something to work with, Dave and Mathieu expressed once more that they had to remain hush-hush for now, but they could show us 4 of the 6 new Perks coming in the DLC, as seen below:
As the devs moved into talking about the DLC, or at least what they are allowed to, Mathieu confirmed that we will be seeing a new Killer, a new Survivor, as well as a new map. We didn't get any further details regarding any of those topics, but they did tease us plenty, acting completely oblivious about the comments regarding the new “sweater boy” that were flooding the comments. After a few minutes of Dave and Mathieu joking about striped sweaters and someone called “Johnny Lueger” they decided that they would use today to at least explain each of the four new Perks shown in detail.
Fire Up – This new Killer perk allows for the action speeds to be increased with every generator repaired after the second one is completed. The action speed will increase more with each repaired generator and the speed increase will depend upon the tier of the Perk.
Blood Warden – This new Killer perk causes the Entity to play a part in the capturing and toying with of Survivors. After a Survivor is hooked once one of the gates are opened, the Entity will spawn at the gates when a free Survivor tries to escape, capturing them in the map. The amount of time the Entity stays materialized in front of the gate will depend upon the tier of the Perk.
Remember Me – This new Obsession Killer perk also toys with Survivors trying to escape the match. Remember Me causes a certain number of seconds (depending on the tier of the Perk) to be added to the action speed of opening the gate once all generators are repaired each time the Obsession Survivor is hit. The number of seconds added to the action speed of opening the gate affects every Survivor except for the Obsession.
Pharmacy – This new Survivor perk allows for faster and quieter searching of chests on the map. The key feature about this new perk is that it is guaranteed that you will retrieve a med-kit upon searching your first chest.
Dave and Mathieu also pulled up a slide revealing the items and add-ons coming with the new DLC (seen below), although this was merely a teaser, as they did not touch on what any of them are, what they do or who they will pertain to.
The devs closed out the stream with just a few more news topics:
The highly-anticipated Wraith Cube is still in the works, but is very nearly finished and will be announced very soon. The new ranking and badge system is set to go live “soon”, and before it does, Thomas de Rego will be back to explain everything in detail. Not_Queen will be at TwitchCon, beginning tomorrow, so if you're there, stop by to say hi and get your hands on some exclusive merch!
Next Thursday, the 26th, is sure to be an exciting stream, as we are sure to get a full reveal of the DLC and the mechanics of how all of the new perks, items and add-ons should work. We will also hopefully hear whether or not the new Killer, Survivor and map will be available on console at the same time as PC. You can subscribe to the Dead by Daylight Twitch channel here for easy viewing access.
What do you think of the new Perks? Will you be getting this new DLC? Join our discussions and community on our partnered Discord, on our Facebook page, or Twitter.
Tomi Lahren: 'Self-Righteous, Gun-Hating Liberals' Using Texas Tragedy to Push Gun Control
Gutfeld: When 'Morbid Acts Bring Attention, Promote Local Heroes Who Risked It All'
Laura Ingraham said that, while most reaction to the deadly shooting at a Texas church showed how Americans can come together after tragedy, not all commentary was positive in that way.
Ingraham said several high-profile people offered reactions that showed their "elite hostility to people of faith."
She said people like author Stephen King mocked the common wish for "thoughts and prayers," tweeting that it has been "enough with the prayin', time to start legislatin'."
Enough with the prayin'. Time to start legislatin'. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) November 5, 2017
Actor Michael McKean said victims had the prayers "shot right out of them."
Ingraham said such reactions show how "hostility to faith infects the popular culture."
She said there is "militant secularism" moving throughout the country and targeting people of faith.
Ingraham pointed to "Star Trek" actor Wil Wheaton, who called Roman Catholic Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) a "sack of [excrement]" for saying "Sutherland Springs needs our prayers."
Ingraham added that she too has been targeted for her expressions of faith, being dubbed a "church lady" in "purple vestments" and "gold cross" during the premiere week of "The Ingraham Angle."
Watch more above.
Calls for Armed Security in Churches After Texas Massacre
Texas Governor: I Urge Texas Victims to 'Grasp God's Reach to Them'
After Luminosity Gaming's flawless 6-0 run through ELEAGUE's group stage, the full team held a press conference to talk about the strengths of their team and the importance of being humble.
Chris "MLGPuckett" Puckett​: We're here with Luminosity. Luminosity congratulations on 6-0, perfect score through group play. First and foremost, how was that last match against Cloud9?
Wilton "zews" Prado: That match against Cloud9? I mean, we got a pretty good map pool against them I believe. We kinda already know a lot about their style. We didn't overthink it, we just played what we know how to do. We controlled the map pretty easily, 16-5 scoreline.
On the second map we had a really good half, but we lost the next pistol and buy round. After that we just refocused and took it from there. Was pretty in control the whole time.
MLGPuckett: Were you guys ever nervous that Cloud9 might be able to make a comeback on their T side?
Gabriel "FalleN" Toledo: No
zews: Never
MLGPuckett: Throughout the tournament we have seen aggressive play on the CT side, with fer and fnx getting in the face of the opposition. Do you feel this is a unique strategy for Luminosity? Has anyone else in this group brought that same strategy against you?
zews: I don't think it's a unique thing from Luminosity, I think it's some of their character traits. It's how they like to play, it's why it's taken us to where we are. But in our group play, Renegades has a really forced stance, they like to get in your face, but I believe our players do it better.
MLGPuckett: Coming into the tournament you guys are the best team in the world. You hold that title in the rankings and you've lived up to all the hype. Is there any added pressure to being the top team on the planet?
FalleN: No, I don't think there's any pressure. Just because websites and rankings say we're number one, we cannot just have this in our heads and think we're going to win. It's something that gives us motivation, but every team in the Top 10 can beat each other, so we need to keep practicing, keep doing our best. Because otherwise, they're going to come for us.
MLGPuckett: Throughout the group play we saw two incredible comebacks, some overtime action against Renegades and then of course, another heartbreaking comeback against the Team Liquid squad. What is it about this squad that makes it possible for you guys to achieve that? Why are you able to make it to 16 rounds, when a lot of teams would give up?
Fernando "fer" Alvarenga: We never give up, until it's 16, there's always a chance; we always keep ourselves calm no matter the score. We're never fighting, we're just playing our game.
When it comes to Team Liquid, I think it's because they've been in this situation a lot of times, they've gotten used to it. It happens more than often and they start doing some mistakes that they shouldn't, so that helps us comeback in games [against them].
It's all about staying calm and believing until it's 16.
MLGPuckett: cold, we see that FalleN is the primary AWPer, but whenever your get your hands on it we always see highlight material. What is your favorite part of playing with FalleN and what makes this team so good with the sniper rifles?
Marcelo "coldzera" David: Playing with FalleN is awesome because he's really intelligent and he's really calm. He brings a lot of calms to the team and we've had so much success with two AWPs because I'm a pretty good AWP myself.
We try to divide it and put one AWP on each site and try to hold it, lock it down. Even though we're more passive we try to find those opening picks with the AWP, which makes the rest of the round easier from there.
MLGPuckett: fnx, we saw at the Major we saw your background in mixed martial arts, but you are also a top level professional gamer. What is it like to be, in this point in your life, competing at a television studio, for 1.2, 1.4 million dollars?
Lincoln "fnx" Lau: it's amazing. I've always dreamt that CS:GO would get this big and now that we are the best team in the world, we have to go beyond that. The most important thing is maintaining ourselves where we are, so instead of going 100 percent we have to go 200 percent every game now.
MLGPuckett: TACO, you won 6-0 in group play, but who was the hardest team to face off against?
Epitacio "TACO" Pessoa: I think Liquid, they have a coach that knows everything about our game. We always play a hard match against Liquid; I think Liquid is the hardest team.
MLGPuckett: It will look like Luminosity will face off against Liquid in the semifinals. fer, what are your thoughts going into that matchup?
fer: I really don't care much about who we face we came here to be champions, for that we have to go through everyone. And I believe that if we just play our game, we will know what to do and we will come out on top.
MLGPuckett: I'm now going to open it up to the floor. Dennis from theScore, do you have anything?
Dennis Gonzales: I do. Tilt seems to be a huge factor for a lot of teams, but we haven't seen the same problem in Luminosity. How?
FalleN: I don't think we are special for that. We don't blame ourselves for mistakes, we don't argue with each other. If someone gives an idea and it does work, that's fine, we'll think about it later, maybe next time it works.
I think we have some peace of mind because we fully believe we can win everything. We get confident match after match and this is getting better.
The last time we tilted was the first game with this team when we got 16-0'd by Fnatic. That was the only time we got crushed by someone, but that was because it was our first match I guess. Everything went well for Fnatic; they're super good.
So I think it's a combination of all those things. We treat ourselves the way we should, we practice when it matters, everyone practices, everyone works hard and that's about it.
Gonzales: Is that mental fortitude, that attitude, is that something you guys trained for?
FalleN: I think it's just who we are and we've given too much to be here. We've left our homes, we've left our families, our girlfriends. We want to give 100 percent of what we can. We are here to have fun, but at the same time we're not just here to chill. We're here to win and we're going to do everything we can to be the number one team in the world forever.
Gonzales: For the young teams that do have that mental block, what's the advice you can give them?
FalleN: I think the advice is being humble, because it's a process; we've been through this entire process last year. You have to be learning about your mistakes.
There are players that don't listen and they get mad, because people point out their mistakes between the team, which can suck. But we [Luminosity] have freedom to be like, “fer, that play was bad man, you didn't think about that,” or maybe it was fnx… but they fully understand and they can give me other ideas.
That strength and knowledge makes our team better because if they understand how they want to play, everyone has the same mindset. Gameplay will be stronger because everything flows naturally because they understand what they want to do.
MLGPuckett: Alright, last question for you guys. Come Friday, all eyes will hopefully be on Luminosity playing in that championship match. For everyone new tuning in, what do you want that audience to know about Luminosity?
FalleN: To the guys just tuning in and just started watching CS:GO: I like to remember that one year ago, we were not even there. We had nowhere to play, we had to leave our homes to be here, so I think our history is our best thing.
Everything that we've been through is what makes us stronger and [the audience] can know that, even if we don't win, we know that we're going to try our best and do everything we can to be the top.
The muddle overshadowed the second day of the Pope's visit to Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories, when he visited sacred sites around Jerusalem and sought to bridge the historic divide between Catholicism and Judaism.
Even though the 82-year-old German pontiff has admitted in numerous interviews that he was drafted unwillingly into the Nazi youth movement towards the end of the war, his spokesman came up with another version.
"The Pope was never in the Hitler Youth, never, never, never,'' Father Federico Lombardi, chief spokesman for the Pope, told a press conference in Jerusalem.
Father Lombardi tried to draw a distinction between pro-Nazi Germans who volunteered for the Hitler Youth and young men, like the pontiff, who were forced to join the anti-aircraft unit but who, he claimed, were not necessarily in the Hitler Youth.
In the 1996 book “Salt of the Earth”, the Pope told Peter Seewald, a German journalist: “At first we weren't, but when the compulsory Hitler Youth was introduced in 1941, my brother was obliged to join. I was still too young, but later, as a seminarian, I was registered in the HY. As soon as I was out of the seminary I never went back.”
Late yesterday Father Lombardi withdrew his earlier comments, saying that Benedict had, indeed, been forced to join the Hitler Youth.
Father Lombardi made his comments in the wake of a critical response in Israel to the Pope's choice of language over the Holocaust during the first day of his trip to Israel.
In clarifying his suggestion that the Pope had not been a member of the Hitler Youth, Father Lombardi said he had intended to dispute suggestions in the Israeli media that the Pope had been an enthusiastic Nazi as a boy.
“This fact of the Hitler Youth had no role in his life and in his personality,” Father Lombardi said.
The puzzling claim about the Pope's membership of the Hitler Youth is the Vatican's third stumble this year.
In January he caused outrage when he lifted the excommunication of a renegade British Catholic bishop, Richard Williamson, who denied the extent of the Holocaust.
Two months later he was criticised by governments, NGOs and health experts when he said during his first papal visit to Africa that condoms can “aggravate” the Aids crisis.
The Pope began the day with a visit to two of the holiest Muslim and Jewish sites in Jerusalem, where he delivered messages of peace.
In keeping with tradition, he slipped a folded piece of paper bearing a prayer between the ancient stones of the Western Wall, revered by Jews as one of their most sacred shrines.
According to the Vatican, the prayer referred to "Jerusalem, City of Peace, spiritual home to Jews, Christians and Muslims alike'' and asked God to end war.
He was then become the first pontiff to enter the Dome of the Rock mosque, where the Prophet Mohammed is believed to have ascended into heaven.
After meeting Israel's two chief rabbis, Shlomo Amar and Yona Metzger, the Pope sought to send a signal of rapprochement when he said that the Catholic church was "irrevocably committed'' to reconciliation with Jews, tacitly admitting that a gap continues to exist between the two sides.
The first mass of his visit to Israel was held amid tight security in the Kidron Valley, yards from the Garden of Gethsemane where, it is believed, Jesus was betrayed.
L
et's just say that free agency wasn't what I expected it to be. I thought it was going to be fun. I thought it was going to be like when I got recruited during college. But as it turns out, deciding what your future is going to be like is mostly a headache. For a second, the attention felt good, but after you think about everything and get out all the glitz and glamour from the process, you kind of start to think about what's really best for you as a player and as a person — on and off the floor.
As everyone knows, I struggled with it. It was nine or ten days of intense pressure. Every night I would have a different scenario in my head, of the city and team where I thought I would fit best. I had several meetings with teams and even more conversations with my family and friends. I kept thinking about what it really meant to be “home” and I would go back and forth.
It seems crazy, but I'm actually the “oldest” Clipper — I've been here for seven years. When I was a rookie we went 19-63. We were really bad. It's a terrible feeling to lose 63 games in a season. Then we got Blake and things started to turn around. We became a destination where people really want to come and play and contend for a championship. When we traded for Chris, it was on.
I love Chris, man. Chris is a big brother to me. When you play sports, you're competitive — especially when you play them at as high a level as we have these last few years. And of course, yeah, we all bump heads during the course of the game. But we know that whatever criticisms or arguments we have on the floor, they're about one thing: winning.
Ultimately, I made the right decision for me, and now I have to own that. What's important to me now is to explain how it all happened.
The biggest problem in Taiwan is that the women are very closed, cold, stuck up and cliquish, as if they are almost inhuman. They are anything but open and engaging with strangers. Wherever they go, they carry that “don't bother me look” on their face, which makes them VERY unapproachable. Yuck. It's very sad and depressing to see that everyday. I hate it. Taiwan has got to be one of the HARDEST places to approach and engage women. Their body language is cold, stuck up and cliquish.
Alongside Japan and Korea, Taiwan girls are among the least open and engaging of females in the 200 countries of the world. Even in retail sales and customer service occupations, Taiwanese girls are cold and business-like. I don't know how they got that way, but their cold demeanor seems very inhuman.
To give you a simple example, if I say “Excuse me miss” (in Chinese or English) to girls walking by in Taiwan (who are totally cold and closed) none of them will stop. But in most other countries, when I do that, very often the girls will stop and talk to me. That's a very big difference that says a lot, no matter how you try to spin it.
Taiwanese girls are extremely picky, shallow, judgmental, difficult, vain, and spook easily like deer do in the wild. They are overly cautious and unnaturally shy to the extreme, and don't like talking to strangers without an introduction through mutual friends. These extreme traits that are common in Taiwanese females make them almost inhuman and definitely unnatural. Now there is nothing wrong with being a little shy or cautious. That can be cute. But Taiwanese girls take it to the extreme and are too excessive in their closed-ness and shyness. Ironically, their own ancient Chinese wisdom says that nothing in extremes is any good, and that everything must be in moderation.
Also, Taiwanese girls have hang ups about dating. To them, dating is a stepping stone to marriage, so they won't just go out with you for fun, at least not the good girls. You have to jump through a ton of hoops. So you can't just simply ask them out like you can in most countries, otherwise you will be met with polite rejections and excuses. To make matters worse, the normal courting process of flirting is considered a taboo in Taiwan, seen as creepy bad behavior. So if you are a Romeo or Casanova who likes to flirt, that will be a big let down for you, because you are not allowed to use your main arsenal of seduction. Furthermore, it's very hard to vibe with Taiwanese girls if you are not on their small minded, shallow, narrow, insular wavelength.
So it's like everything is against you in Taiwan if you want to try to fulfill your romantic or sexual needs, which sucks and is terrible beyond words. Taiwan does have a high concentration of hot girls, but what's the point if they are all look and no touch? That just makes it more depressing and frustrating. Personally, I find Taiwan to have the most unnatural and ego-deflating dating scene I've ever seen. The miserable vortex in Taiwan compounds it and makes it all worse.
Everywhere I go in Taiwan, the only people who will socialize with me are elderly Taiwanese and foreign travelers. That sucks, but that's how Taiwan is. The only way a stranger can get some attention from Taiwanese girls is to look like an Asian pop star, or be a foreign White guy. Otherwise, you'll have to meet women through organized activities, school, work, or through mutual friends. Taiwan is one of the few countries in the world where women are not open for casually chatting up, flirting, or “love at first sight” stares. That's the BIGGEST DOWNSIDE of Taiwan. Other than that, Taiwan is a nice place overall, but there's nothing unique or special about it.
I know the problem is not me though, because women in the other 200 countries of the world (except for Japan and Korea) are not like that toward me. They are far more “normal”, not like deer that spook easily as Taiwanese women do. So, if the problem were me, then all women would be antisocial and closed toward me, but they aren't (fortunately). Thus Taiwanese women are an abnormal quirk. This majorly sucks because it means that in general, Taiwanese women are “all look but no touch”. So what's the point of them being hot then? All that does be exemplify the irony of Murphy's Law.
Moreover, even if you are lucky enough to get acquainted with a slippery standoff-ish modern Taiwanese girl, you will find that they usually have very difficult and complicated personalities. They are not straightforward and direct like their counterparts in mainland China. Instead, they like to play games, give mixed messages, and flake out. They are selfish and narcissistic – and rotten and spoiled to the core. In short, all they are good for is “eye candy”, nothing else. That's sad, but that's the truth, as politically incorrect as it may be.
Now, please don't flame me for saying all this. I didn't make Taiwanese girls the way they are, I'm just the only one brave enough to tell the politically incorrect truth about them. Therefore, by attacking me, you would not be doing so because I am wrong, but because I am the only one telling the truth. Thus, you would in effect be advocating the suppression of truth, and upholding the facade of political correctness. Is that what you want? Think about it.
“The men the American public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth.” – H. L. Mencken
“Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.” – Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged
See also:
The Four Biggest Problems With Taiwan
Taiwanese people are empty shells with no soul or emotions
10 Reasons Why Taiwan is not good for social life, fun, happiness or romance
The Dark Side of Taiwan
The Pros and Cons of Taiwan
Taboo Observations and Truths About Taiwan
Advertisements
Last season was a magical one for the Florida State Seminoles. The team didn't lose all season on their way to a national championship. After finishing last season as the consensus best team in the nation, the Seminoles managed to land back in that spot with the release of the preseason polls. While Florida State is considered a favorite to the repeat as national champions on the field, that success hasn't translated to secondary market prices for Florida State football tickets.
According to TiqIQ, Florida State's secondary market average does not place them in the top 25 most expensive schools for the 2014-15 college football season. Not only is the Seminoles average of $105.95 not among the Top 25 this season, it's easily the cheapest ticket of any preseason No. 1 since at least 2011, when TiqIQ started keeping track of data.
Last season Alabama football tickets had an average price of $133.98 after opening as the preseason favorite. The year, before home games on the USC football schedule had an average price of $143.57, and in 2011 Oklahoma football tickets had an average price of $149.13.
There is only one game on the Florida State football schedule with a current average price above $200. That game is against Notre Dame, the team that ranks second on the TiqIQ Top 25 with a season average of $228. The game between Florida State and Notre Dame has an average price of $235.41, 122% above Florida State's season average, but just 3.2% above the average game this season at Notre Dame Stadium.
Leading to the low season average in Tallahassee are four separate games in which Florida State football tickets average less than $100. Florida State's game against Citadel is averaging $37, with a get-in price of just $5. Those numbers would be low for a baseball game.
Even ACC opponents aren't drawing much against Florida State this season. The other three games averaging below $100 are against Virginia, Boston College and Wake Forest. The game against Wake Forest is averaging $57.28, the matchup against Virginia is averaging $61.61, and the game against Boston College has just a $56.75 average. All three of those games have a get-in price of just $7.
Another component to the Seminoles' low average is game against the Miami Hurricanes taking place in Miami this season. Last year the game was held at Doak Campbell Stadium with an average price of $308.70, 31% above the most expensive game this season. Florida State vs Miami tickets have an average price of $227.79 at Sun Life Stadium this season.
Florida State is one of the best teams in the nation. After winning it all just a season ago, the team returns largely intact and ready to repeat. So far that means a top ranking in the AP preseason poll. What it hasn't meant is expensive tickets on the secondary market, where Florida State isn't even in the list of the top 25 most expensive tickets.
Small hard candy infused with marijuana has popped up in high schools in northwestern Oregon, authorities have warned.
The sugary green candy is frequently shaped as a skull, Gresham police officer Rick Blake told local news station KGW.
“They just sit and suck on it,” Blake added. “And, the biggest thing is its odorless, and having no odor, they can sit in class and have this thing and by the end of class, they're high.”
The drug-infused treat is reportedly being sold to high school students for $1 to $5 a piece.
Blake told the Portland Tribune the “weed candy” was relatively easy to make, requiring only marijuana and a few common household ingredients. At least three students have been caught with the drug.
“It's not a problem right now,” he said. “But it definitely rises to the level of concern for us, and it's on our radar.”
Watch video, courtesy of KGW.com, below:
Race science rears its ugly head
Why are universities failing to take academics to task for their dangerous pseudo-science? asks Gavin Evans.
Pseudo-science: in Nazi Germany, head-measuring to test for 'Aryan qualities' was part of a wider, devastating eugenics policy © The Art Archive / Alamy
'We remain the same species, just as a poodle and a beagle are of the same species. But poodles, in general, are smarter than beagles, and beagles have a much better sense of smell.' - Andrew Sullivan, Race and IQ. Again, 2013
Things I've read recently: Europeans evolved to be smarter than Africans because of the ice age; there's a gene variant making sub-Saharans less intelligent; the reason poor people are poor is because they are inherently stupid, which is why there are poorer black people; the prime cause of poor health is low IQ, which is why Africa suffers; infectious diseases affected the genomes of Africans, making them innately stupider; the brightest people on earth are Ashkenazi Jews and the dumbest, 'Bushmen'.
After a post-Holocaust lull, the ancient habit of race science has returned in brazen form in the 21st century, with proselytizers from British and US universities taking the lead.
The most recent blast comes from science writer Nicholas Wade whose book, A Troublesome Inheritance, tells us that African tribalism (along with English enterprise, Japanese authoritarianism and Finnish drinking) has a 'genetic basis' and that the 'adaptation of Jews to capitalism is another such evolutionary process'. Wade, by the way, insists he is not a racist.
Advert
In recent years, racial science has arrived in four related forms. At the top of the feeding chain are the big promotion books like Wade's, and Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray's The Bell Curve, the 1990s book regarded as the bible of this calling.
Saying Africans were stupid in an academic journal was OK... saying black women were ugly in a magazine was a bit too much
Second come the respected academic journals, where race science papers are occasionally published, only to be discredited once the experts review them (with the critiques always enjoying far less media attention than the original articles).
Third, a branch of evolutionary psychology, with its fundamentalist faith in genetic determinism, periodically spills into racial territory. Their papers, often published in their own house journals, are peer reviewed by others of their persuasion.
Fourth, at the bottom of the feeding chain is the perpetual stream of articles and books published by the race-obsessed Right, which seem immune to counter-argument. Articles by the pitch-forkers of race science, like University of Ulster evolutionary psychologist Richard Lynn, play a major supply role for the higher levels.
What all these have in common is the part played by universities. Most of the main players in race science are tenured academics, and the rest retain close links with their alma maters, which, inadvertently, give them protective cover.
Advert
The universities' approach to academic freedom - of leaving tenured academics to their own devices and not interfering with papers published in refereed journals - can lead to curious results.
When the London School of Economics-based evolutionary psychologist Satoshi Kanazawa wrote in the British Journal of Health Psychology that intrinsically low intelligence was why sub-Saharan Africans were unhealthy, LSE turned a blind eye.
However, when he wrote in Psychology Today that black woman evolved to be unattractive, they slapped him on the wrist. Saying Africans were stupid in an academic journal was OK; saying black women were ugly in a magazine was a bit too much.
Rants and flaws
Yet articles in refereed journals can be no less troublesome than magazine rants. Take the much-trumpeted academic paper by a team of Utah anthropologists who claimed that Ashkenazi Jews were inherently more intelligent than anyone else.
Oddly, this is often assumed to be a relatively benign contention, somehow different from saying a particular group is innately less intelligent, even though one follows from the other.
It is based on the view that the Ashkenazim were genetically isolated, but contemporary research shows otherwise: a recent gene-search by 19 scientists found that European women were the main female founders of the Ashkenazi population, suggesting inter-marriage between Jewish men and non-Jewish women was commonplace.
The paper's other genetic and historical contentions have also been lambasted by academic critics but it continues to be cited.
As with almost all of the recent examples of race science, its key flaw comes from its misplaced faith in IQ tests. There's certainly legitimate debate about the heritability of IQ within a given population, but scant room for dispute when it comes to variation between populations.
The reason relates to the 'Flynn Effect', named after intelligence theorist Jim Flynn. This shows that IQs have risen steadily over the past century, making IQ tests ever more difficult. This has nothing to do with genetics and everything to do with environment - particularly increased exposure to abstract logic.
The IQs of some groups have therefore risen faster than others - the Ashkenazi average early in the 20th century was well below the 100 mean, whereas now it is well above, and recently it has been Kenyans who have shown the fastest IQ growth. This illustrates how facile it is to compare scores of different 'races' - the silliest being Richard Lynn's claim that the average 'Bushman' IQ is 54, based on apartheid data.
Lynn insists cold European weather prompted selection for intelligence 40,000 years ago. This is a view discredited by recent archaeological studies showing that cave art, and other signs of modern cognition, was flourishing in Africa 100,000 years back - a clear indicator that our intelligence evolved far earlier than previously realized.
Human populations have certainly evolved in other ways (skin colour, ethnic diseases, lactose tolerance, etc) but these usually involve single genetic mutations. Intelligence involves networks of thousands of genes.
Despite this weight of evidence, it looks likely that the flow of papers and books punting race-based science will continue, as will their exposure in a media climate that latches on to claims of difference based on misplaced faith that genetics can explain behaviour.
What has changed is that in the past race science was fervently opposed, particularly in academic circles. When Arthur Jensen published a now-infamous paper on black American intelligence in the Harvard Educational Review in 1969, it was met by 29 academic rebuttals and a wave of student protest, prompting the publication to refuse reprints or even to allow him to respond to letters of criticism.
When a chapter in The Bell Curve was published by The New Republic in 1994, the staff threatened editor Andrew Sullivan with mass resignation and were only appeased when he agreed to published rebuttals by 19 writers, while scores of leading academics ripped to shred the book's contentions.
In contrast, in 2014 A Troublesome Inheritance arrived with a Wade-penned cover story in The Spectator and an amused Newsnight Review interview with Jeremy Paxman. Six months later 139 of the world's leading evolutionary theorists signed a New York Times letter refuting Wade's premises and conclusions, but by then it was too late.
The implication of not challenging these views immediately and robustly is worrying in all sorts of ways, quite aside from the flawed science.
To take just one: if opinion-makers come to accept that poor Africans (or poor anybody) are poor because they are inherently stupid, then they might also conclude that there's little point trying to undo the damage - a prejudice that in one form or another takes us back to slavery and beyond.
Gavin Evans lectures at Birkbeck College, University of London. His latest book, Black Brain, White Brain: Is intelligence skin-deep? is published by Thistle and Jonathan Ball.
In their own words... 'We remain the same species, just as a poodle and a beagle are of the same species. But poodles, in general, are smarter than beagles, and beagles have a much better sense of smell.'
Andrew Sullivan, Race and IQ. Again, 2013. '[I am] inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa [since] all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours - whereas testing says not really.'
James Watson, quoted in The Sunday Times, 2007. '[I]ndividuals in wealthier and more egalitarian societies live longer and stay healthier, not because they are wealthier and more egalitarian but because they are more intelligent.'
Satoshi Kanawawa, 'Mind the gap... in intelligence: re-examining the relationship between inequality and health', British Journal of Health Psychology, 2006.
This article is from the March 2015 issue of New Internationalist.
You can access the entire archive of over 500 issues with a digital subscription. Subscribe today »
N'Golo Kante has been a regular starter in midfield for the Blues this season, and the Frenchman has been partnered by either Fabregas or Matic.
Despite the fact the two players share some similar attributes they are essentially different types of midfielders, and Conte explained that his decision on who to play is based largely on the opposition and what challenges he expects us to face.
‘At this point of the season it's important for me to manage the situation and understand when it's right, for example, to play with Cesc or Matic,' said the Blues boss.
‘We are talking about two great players with different characteristics. Nemanja is more physical, good technically and has less fantasy than Cesc. Cesc is great technically, he has great fantasy but he is less physical than Nemanja.
‘I think that now I have all my players on top of their form, it's not easy for me to make the best decision. In this case it's important for me to manage the situation and to see game by game. I must understand that, for example, if we are facing a physical team and they are very strong on set-plays you must consider a lot before you make the right choice.'
Get the biggest Weekday Leicester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ahmed Musa is close to agreeing a one-year loan move to Hull.
Hull have held talks with Leicester City this week and are confident of finalising a move before the deadline on Thursday.
This would see Musa reunite with Tigers boss Leonid Slutsky, who the City forward played under for four years at CSKA Moscow.
(Image: Dmitry Korotayev/Epsilon/Getty Images)
The 24-year-old has struggled to impress since his £16million move to Leicester last summer, and has scored just five goals in 33 appearances.
Musa did find the net in the Carabao Cup victory at Sheffield United, but had endured a torrid first-half performance at Bramall Lane.
Slutsky had hinted earlier in the window that a loan move was “possible” for Musa.
“He is not our player but, of course, every coach is better working with players he knows and I worked with Musa for four years,” said Slutsky. “I know him and he knows me.”
Musa's finest performance for Leicester still remains the International Champions Cup game against Barcelona, where he scored twice.
Musa also scored twice in the FA Cup victory over Everton last season.
"These are provisions which support and enhance equality of access to government, and the system of representative government which the freedom protects," Chief Justice Robert French and Justices Susan Kiefel, Virginia Bell and Patrick Keane said in a joint judgment. In a separate judgment, Justice Stephen Gageler said the provisions met the "compelling statutory object ... of preventing corruption and undue influence in the government of the state." Justice Michelle Gordon arrived at the same conclusion, saying in a separate judgment that the "burden on the freedom of communication in relation to a property developer is slight" and would not stop developers voicing their support for a party or candidate. But in a dissenting judgment, Justice Geoffrey Nettle said the ban on developer donations was constitutionally invalid, while the caps on donations were valid. Premier Mike Baird said the state government had "argued the case for the validity of our state's stringent campaign finance laws during the High Court challenge" and it was pleased with the result.
"The decision opens the way for consideration of national reforms to political donations laws at COAG," Mr Baird said.
The Labor Opposition and the Greens said the majority decision pointed to the need for Parliament to act immediately to extend the caps on donations to local government elections. "The High Court has put beyond doubt that these caps are legally valid," Opposition Leader Luke Foley said. "It's crazy that Mike Baird and I can run for Premier and be subject to strict caps, while at the same time you can run for a ward of a suburban council without any limits on what you can raise and spend." The Greens' anti-corruption spokesman, Jamie Parker, went further and said the donations bans "should also be extended to the mining sector where the potential for corruption has been exposed by the ICAC". "Elections should be about the contest of ideas, not the contest of cash. Whether it is cash in a brown paper bag or buying a table at a fundraising event the community needs to be sure that politicians aren't being bought," Mr Parker said.
The challenge to the political donations laws was brought by developer and former Newcastle mayor Jeff McCloy, who admitted at ICAC to giving envelopes stuffed with $10,000 in cash each to then Liberal candidates Tim Owen and Andrew Cornwell in the back of his Bentley. The corruption watchdog had delayed releasing its report in its inquiry into political donations, dubbed Operation Spicer, pending the High Court's ruling. However, it may still have to wait until the Supreme Court rules on a separate case brought by Mr McCloy, who is seeking an order restraining ICAC from delivering its findings because of an alleged appearance of bias. In 2009 the Rees Labor government passed laws banning property developers from making political donations. The laws took effect on January 2010. The same section of the Election Funding, Expenditure and Disclosures Act that bans donations from developers also bans donations from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries. Operation Spicer resulted in 10 NSW Liberal MPs joining the crossbench or resigning from politics. It investigated allegations the NSW Coalition accepted money from developers before the 2011 election.
One of the donors was former coal billionaire Nathan Tinkler, whose property development company Buildev was lobbying for approval for a coal loader in the Newcastle suburb of Mayfield. ICAC heard Mr Tinkler donated about $45,000 to the Nationals and another $66,000 to an alleged Liberal Party slush fund, Eightbyfive. Chief Justice Robert French and Justices Susan Kiefel, Virginia Bell and Patrick Keane noted that ICAC and other bodies had published "eight adverse reports since 1990 concerning land development applications". "Given the difficulties associated with uncovering and prosecuting corruption of this kind, the production of eight adverse reports in this time brings to light the reality of the risk of corruption and the loss of public confidence which accompanies the exposure of acts of corruption." They also noted that "the risks that large political donations have for a system of representative government have been acknowledged since Federation", adding that "capping of political donations is a measure which has been adopted by many countries with systems of representative government. It is a means that does not impede the system of representative government for which our Constitution provides".
Mr McCloy was ordered to pay costs. with Emma Partridge
In the 1980's, enthusiasm for AI was at a peak. But then, an AI 'winter' came and funding dried up. Could it happen again? AI experts weigh in on the latest hype cycle.
Video: How to tell the difference between AI, machine learning, and deep learning Advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning are impacting businesses. But, the terms are often used interchangeably. Here's how to tell them apart.
With Google DeepMind's recent success in mastering the game of Go, Tesla's advances in autonomous driving capabilities, and voice recognition systems like Amazon's Alexa taking off, interest in AI and machine learning have reached an all-time high.
But, can it last?
Those living in the AI world in the 1980s remember what has been referred to as an "AI winter"—a time when the inflated expectations resulted in a "crash," and funding began to dry up. While it's unlikely that the current enthusiasm in AI will wane, some worry that huge attention, and expectations, about AI could have negative side effects. Some also worry about how AI is equated with machine learning—or even, more specifically, deep learning, which is a narrow subset of AI.
So, what happened in the '80s? According to Manuela Veloso, robotics professor at Carnegie Mellon, the expectations were too high.
"The approach was that a computer program could help a doctor make a diagnosis, and things like that," she said. "But the way they assumed it would happen was by knowledge engineering—asking humans how they make decisions."
The problem, Veloso said, is that the knowledge acquisition became too hard, and the expectations couldn't be met.
Raj Reddy, computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon, sees a lot of differences between today's AI and what was available in the '80s.
"Lots of companies got born in the '80s and they went public in the 90s. But, they didn't solve everything." But, Reddy said, "what we have now been a million times more computational power than 1980s."
SEE: Machine Learning: The Smart Person's Guide (TechRepublic)
"It changes the whole equation when you have so much computing power," Reddy said. "What I call unlimited memory and unlimited bandwidth. You can have as much memory as you want, as much bandwidth, and as much computation. All of a sudden, it's a game changer."
Still, other AI experts worry about our expectations around AI.
"I definitely have concerns about overhyping AI," said Marie desJardins, AI professor at the University of Maryland in Baltimore County. "Deep learning, in particular, is being touted as the breakthrough that's going to change the world, which I think is not at all true, and pushing that message just undermines the broader research agenda."
On the subject of funding, desJardins thinks the emphasis on deep learning could result in other research becoming more difficult to fund and publish. "That will be detrimental to innovation—just as we've seen with other "bandwagon" research methods in the past," she said.
SEE: The 7 biggest myths about artificial intelligence (TechRepublic)
Roman Yampolskiy, director of the cybersecurity lab at the University of Louisville, takes a different view.
"This is not hype; it's real and sustained progress, which accelerates research," he said. He's also not convinced that funding will be impacted. "Funding is currently diversified between government agencies and industry, so it is unlikely to dry up," he said. "The market has a huge appetite for new AI capabilities and government is very interested in military and security applications. If anything, the funding will become even greater."
"Plus," Yampolskiy added, "now it is possible to crowdfund good ideas."
Aside from potential concerns about funding, some believe that conflating machine learning with AI is a problem.
"There's likely a lot more involved in building intelligent systems than deep learning," said Toby Walsh, professor of AI at the University of New South Wales. "Unlike humans, deep learning needs lots of data."
Walsh gave the example of Google DeepMind's AlphaGo. To train the system, it "needed millions, if not billions, of games of Go, more than any human could play in a lifetime," he said. But Lee Sedol, the human challenger, "only needed three games to learn enough about the novel way that AlphaGo played to win a match."
SEE: AI experts weigh in on Microsoft CEO's 10 new rules for artificial intelligence (TechRepublic)
Collecting the data needed for deep learning can often be impossible, or expensive. "It's impressive to win at Go, but there are only, at most, a few hundred moves to make at each turn. In life, there can be an infinite number of options, and there are lots of other challenges like uncertainty about the world and nature throwing curve balls at us."
There are, Wash believes, big hurdles to achieving intelligent systems that "we can trust, systems that can explain themselves, systems that can be guaranteed to behave in certain ways."
Still, he said, "AI is making real progress this time, with better algorithms, more data, and faster CPUs. For this reason, I don't see too much concern about another AI winter amongst my colleagues."
Veloso said that, while people may overestimate what AI can do, deep learning is the "fad of the day," she doesn't think there will be reason for disappointment.
"This is a different situation," she said. "We have an enormous amount of data being digitalized. Your money, your credit, all the transactions, pictures, videos—the concept of having a lot of information available will not go away."
SEE: 10 artificial intelligence insiders to follow-on Twitter (TechRepublic)
According to Veloso, the next big thing in AI is transparency via explanations—which can lead to trust. Deep learning she said, "doesn't give any hint at why it arrived at the answer. No ability to introspect or analyze or offer explanations."
"We need to be able to question why the programs are doing this," Veloso said. "If we don't worry about the explanation, we won't be able to trust the systems."
Either way, most experts agree that another AI winter is unlikely.
"We are too close to the target," Yampolskiy said. "We have hit the point of no return."
Next Big Thing Newsletter Be in the know about smart cities, AI, Internet of Things, VR, autonomous driving, drones, robotics, and more of the coolest tech innovations. Delivered Wednesdays and Fridays Sign up today
Also see...
Former captain Kevin Pietersen has called for drastic change at the top of England's misfiring batting order after their 340-run second-Test thrashing at the hands of South Africa.
England lost 14 of 20 wickets to the Proteas' pacemen in Nottingham and Pietersen has called out the selectors for picking a top three with similar passive styles.
Alastair Cook, Keaton Jennings and Gary Ballance combined for just 79 runs in the match as Joe Root's side failed to face 100 overs in total at Trent Bridge.
Ballance will miss the third Test at The Oval with a fractured finger but Pietersen wants an additional change to the top-order trio.
The 104-Test veteran wants to see the aggressive and uncapped pair of Jason Roy and Dawid Malan selected to break up the measured game play of the top three and strike fear into opposition bowling attacks.
Roy and Malan featured in England's T20 outfit in the final match against the South Africa in Cardiff last month, the latter making his international debut and starring with a blistering 44-ball 78.
That innings from Malan is what Pietersen wants to see at The Oval in a week's time.
"(England) picked a poor Test match team," Pietersen told Sky Sports after making his domestic T20 return for Surrey. "I know they won (the first Test) at Lord's but that was the brilliance of (Joe) Root.
"There are individuals that are brilliant, but the collective don't fire as much as they should and there are some holes in that batting order.
"You cannot have a top three that bat as the top three bat or has poor technique, you cannot have that.
"You've got to change that up, get them striking, get bowlers thinking 'Goodness, if I don't bowl this ball in the right place, I'm going to get whacked'. Malan and Roy are my choice."
Proteas steamroll England to level series
While Pietersen suggests picking attacking stroke-makers will solve England's batting woes, former skipper Michael Vaughan believes it's the hosts' offensive approach that's causing regular collapses.
"The England batting has been appalling," Vaughan said on the BBC's Test Match Special.
"Maybe it's a lack of respect about what the game is.
"They look like they are playing a Twenty20 game. I look at the approach - yes, the ball has done a little bit but it's not been drastic.
"They have this approach of attack, attack, attack. There is no thought or feeling of seeing off a bowler or wearing a team down."
Root rolled by a piece of Morris magic
Root, who in only two Tests in charge has experienced a comprehensive victory and crushing defeat, was shocked by Vaughan's comments.
"I think that's very unfair - I can't believe he's actually said that to be honest," said Root.
"We pride ourselves on winning series like this and unfortunately we've played poorly this week but the most important thing now is to respond well and make sure we put it right at The Oval."
I did not see the finish, but I was going east on 635 and saw the chase. It was crazy. I kid you not, I saw one guy roof surfing (maybe he was trying to communicate with police?) and then climb in passenger window behind the driver.
I was going east, they were going west on westbound 635. From a distance, it just looked like a wreck. As I approached, it looked really weird, as though maybe they were transporting something and the storm had blown it into an upright position on top of the vehicle. As I passed, I realized it was a person standing on the roof (vehicle was moving slowly 5-10mph) and he climbed back in through the passenger window behind the driver. It was a ford explorer or some other similar suv. Police were following 20-30 feet behind sirens blaring, blocking traffic behind them.
== 10 p.m. ==Every other part of this story sounds made-up, so why not the suspects' names too? I give you Bridgewater and Bridges, all too real.Police say Matthew Lee Bridgewater and Jason Robert Bridges, both 36, each face a charge of evading arrest and aggravated assault on a police officer. Bridgewater is also charged with the carjacking attempt.== 7:15 p.m. ==Just got off the phone with police spokesman Joe Harn, who tells me that pretty much every crazy rumor I heard about this chase was true: shots fired, police car rammed, wrong-way chase on I-635, attempted carjackings in the middle of a highway, and more.It all started with a disturbance call on Harvard Drive, a residential street near South 1st Street. A lone officer got there about 5 p.m. and saw the two male suspects in an SUV, which she began following down Centerville Road towards I-635.The officers pulled the car over in a Tom Thumb parking lot just before the highway. Before she could get out, Harn told me, “the suspects started ramming the police car” with the SUV.The officer fired one round into the SUV, causing the suspects to take off and initiating the chase westbound on I-635.(I'm assuming at some point during the chase was when Todd Smith saw the roof-surfing, or whatever it was, but Harn couldn't confirm that detail. The spokesman did say the suspects were seen throwing objects out of the car.)Passing Plano Road on the highway, the SUV made a U-turn and tried to flee down the westbound entrance ramp, where an officer was already situated to stop it.So the SUV made another U back onto the highway, Harn said, causing “the left front tire and wheel to entirely fall off the vehicle.”Chase over? Hardly.“He goes back up onto LBJ, heading east on the westbound side,” Harn said, “And makes it probably 50 yards and he hits a guard rail.”Both men got out of the SUV, Harn said, and began beating on the windows of vehicles stopped along the highway in an apparent carjacking attempt.A woman pulled over and naively rolled down her window offering help. The suspects, Harn said, smashed out her passenger window just before officers caught up and arrested them.Remarkably, Harn says no one was injured during the chase. I'm still waiting to hear back about charges and suspect IDs, as well as details of the original disturbance.== 6:15 p.m. ==TXDOT cameras show traffic a mess at the crash scene. As for the chase, passerby Todd Smith sends me this account:I'm still trying to confirm details with police. Fox-4 reports the chase originated in the 300 block of Harvard Drive and at one point took place on the wrong side of the highway.
Open any of the three OpenScad files, tweak and print.
It is really, really, really easy with this script to create a puzzle where the key piece can not be removed - it's quite likely that you will need to render the assembled and then work out which colour piece should be subtracted from which.
The three included scrips and STL's are for the following puzzles :
BaconBurrger : All three pairs of sticks rotated and skewed by six degrees.
Chad Burr : All three pairs skewed by 13 degrees. Interestingly Lake Chad is at 13 degrees North, 13 degrees East. And both Chad and Chuck are nicknames for Charles.Geographic puzzling coincidence or signs of higher forces at work? Either way print this one with care.
WoodWorkersNightmare Burr : 1 pair rotated by 2 degs, skewed by 4, a second pair with angles of 6 and 8, a third by 10 and 12. Not impossible to make in wood but less than trivial. Of course, 3D printers make this a doddle!!!
I am not convinced my Skewing is working altogether as I intended (it is Skewing but perhaps not as intended) this Thing may be updated in due course.
Drunk Chunk Twists is an entirely appropriate name as the puzzle pieces are all over the place and the scipts were designed on Christmas and Boxing day under the influence of just a little Christmas spirits (which partly explains why I ultimately gave up on the matrix maths to lay pieces on the plate!)
When the European Union wants to signal that it's serious about an issue, it dispatches Viviane Reding. And that's exactly the plan for Monday, when the tough EU justice commissioner is set to meet with her counterpart, Attorney General Eric Holder, in Washington to discuss the consequences of the National Security Agency (NSA) spying scandal.
Reding, who is from Luxembourg, has a reputation in the US capital for being a formidable opponent. Her decisive attempts to ensure that Europeans enjoy the same rights to data protection as US citizens have not necessarily been welcome, though. "If Reding wants to continue keeping big US companies away from Europe, then she shouldn't be surprised if Europe is soon as isolated as North Korea," one high-level person working on trans-Atlantic issues said.
But ahead of the meeting with Holder, Reding's resolve remained unbroken. "Data protection is a fundamental right in Europe," she told SPIEGEL ONLINE. "Fundamental rights are non-negotiable. Period."
Due to the misuse of personal data by the US intelligence agency, the trans-Atlantic relationship is mired in a true crisis of confidence, she added. "The Americans' approach has been shocking. I'm on a fact-finding mission in Washington. Are the Americans ready to restore lost trust? Are they prepared to see us as partners instead of opponents?"
'I Want Clarity'
The justice commissioner isn't sure what the answers to these questions will be. The current EU-US agreement on mutual legal assistance -- which focuses in particular on American IT companies in Europe whose data can be accessed by US officials -- has not been adhered to by the Americans, Reding said. And with respect to a framework agreement on law enforcement and judicial cooperation she stated: "The American government must guarantee the legal protection of EU citizens in the US," she said. "I want clarity. The European parliament will never vote in favor of an agreement that doesn't clear up this point."
The question is whether Reding's determination will do anything to sway the Americans. So far, US government sources have signaled that they want to gain the greatest freedom possible within the EU for the data streams of Internet companies like Google, Amazon or Microsoft. As the global market leaders, they're also in a strong position, especially given that the Europeans have done little to build up companies that can compete.
Politically, it is also unlikely that much will change right now. When Republican Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner recently discussed his plans in Brussels for more closely monitoring the NSA, the privacy of foreigners didn't play a role. He said he was concerned about improved observation of the NSA's work on US soil. And much-discussed legislation by Senate Intelligence Committee chair Diane Feinstein to rein in NSA spying is also unlikely to deliver much progress. Her bill even makes it possible for foreigners to be spied on for up to 72 hours without requiring any kind of court approval.
Kerry's 'Trans-Atlantic Renaissance'
Sources in Washington told SPIEGEL the Americans would prefer a diplomatic solution and that Secretary of State John Kerry would travel to Berlin as soon as a new German government is in place. His planned trip is part of a charm offensive aimed at easing tensions with the Europeans over the recent revelations about American spying. Kerry has already called for a "trans-Atlantic renaissance." Meanwhile, his assistant secretary of state for European affairs, Victoria Nuland, said last week there would be a "doubling down" of the trans-Atlantic relationship -- particularly on issues like the planned free-trade agreement and energy security.
Christopher Murphy, a Democrat and the head of the Senate Subcommittee on European Affairs, plans to travel to Berlin on Nov. 24 together with a high-profile delegation. Two days later, Murphy will also travel to Brussels. He says he wants to discuss "legitimate concerns" by "our European allies" about the nature and scope of US intelligence programs."
But is the White House even behind such reconciliatory efforts? President Barack Obama still hasn't issued any official apology to Merkel over the NSA's eavesdropping on her mobile phone. When Obama's national security adviser, Susan Rice, made a rare public appearance at the Aspen Ideas Forum last week, the NSA scandal wasn't even a topic of discussion.
University of Minnesota researchers have identified the mechanism of a potential HIV drug target, which could be a more cost-effective option than currently used HIV drugs.
The study expanded upon previous UMN research, which identified that the nucleoside 5-azacytidine (5-aza-C) blocked HIV's ability to spread. 5-aza-C triggers lethal mutagenesis, a process in which HIV mutations speed up to a point that the HIV essentially wears itself out.
A collaborative team of researchers at the University of Minnesota and Emory University found that 5-aza-C blocks HIV's ability to spread by first converting to a DNA form (5-aza-deoxyC). The DNA conversion allows 5-aza-C to infiltrate HIV when the virus turns RNA into DNA, and therefore stops the virus from replicating.
The majority of HIV medications currently on the market are DNA-based, but RNA-based drugs like 5-aza-C have a manufacturing advantage because they are more affordable to produce.
The study was posted online and will appear in print in the American Society for Microbiology's journal Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy in April.
"We now understand the mechanism for how 5-aza-C blocks HIV's infectivity through hypermutation. This information may aid in developing cheaper HIV drugs," said lead-author Louis Mansky, Ph.D., Director of the Institute for Molecular Virology and professor in the University of Minnesota School of Dentistry. Mansky is also a Masonic Cancer Center member.
This also helps explain why 5-aza-C is able to block HIV infectivity, despite its RNA-origin. 5-aza-C acts similarly to its DNA-based counterpart 5-aza-deoxyC, but is not nearly as effective. However, it can be mass-produced more cheaply.
"More than half of the world's HIV population is concentrated in sub-Saharan Africa where there is very limited access to HIV drugs and treatment. Our study could lead to developing more cost-effective medication, which in turn could lead to new and more economical treatments for poorer, developing countries," Mansky said.
5-aza-C has been approved by the FDA for clinical use in treating myelodysplastic syndrome, but it's only available as an IV-based medication. The study's findings encourage efforts to explore ways to produce 5-aza-C in capsule form.
"While it's not as effective as its DNA-based form, we can use what we know to try mimicking 5-aza-C to discover new compounds that could be more effective, while still being more affordable to produce," Mansky said.
It's another step towards ultimately finding a cure for HIV, Mansky says.
In addition to being more cost-effective HIV drugs, these RNA-based drugs could have potential use in the treatment of a wide variety of emerging viral infections, including Zika virus, Ebola virus, MERS virus and influenza virus.
The wait is nearly over for Doctor Who fans. The new Doctor will be revealed on Sunday's episode. After four long years playing Saturday Night TV's favourite Time Lord, Matt Smith decided to hang up his tweedy jacket earlier this year and bowtie and leave the TARDIS for good. The floppy-fringed actor is forever being snapped at festivals, and given his obvious love of music one wonders which pop star would make a decent fist of the coveted Doctor Who is a role. Tenuous you might say, but when the smart money's on Sue Perkins, you hope to Christ the selection process will be far reaching. Here are six musicians we think could be in with a shout.
Matt Bellamy
Not afraid to dress up like a ninny, and a whizz with any instrument he lays his hands on, one suspects Muse's Matt Bellamy would perform eye watering magical feats with the sonic screwdriver. His love of extraterrestrials would also stand him in good stead, though the risk he'd lead an alien insurrection to overthrow the world's governments and take down “the illuminati” might lead producers to suspect he's been spending too much time online reading conspiracy theories (Dr Who must beware of paranoid cybermen).
Mark E. Smith
Longtime fans of the Doctor (and by that we mean sociopathic nerds) have expressed of late their dismay at the Gallifreyan's propensity for emotional attachment to human beings, usually of a romantic inclination. Giving Mark E. Smith the job would put a stop to any such nonsense. The Fall's mainstay has sacked more musicians over the years than he's had dinners, hot or otherwise, and his ability to continue unabated should make him a contender. Beating up his assistants will not impress the BBC.
Jay-Z
Jehovah is omnipotent according to his witnesses, and the Hova might be too. An old photograph taken in 1939 surfaced recently with what appears to be none other than Shaun ‘Jay-Z' Carter chillin' in Harlem in a flatcap some three decades before his actual birth. Auntie is always looking to cut costs these days, so Jay-Z could well be a shoo-in if he can save on expensive special effects by travelling in time of his own accord. He's got 99 problems but the stitch in the fabric of time ain't one.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Daft Punk
Geeks will be aware that Doctor Who has two hearts, and one wonders why he shouldn't have two heads as well? If you're going to go to all the bother of regenerating then why not come back as two cool Frenchmen in crash helmets instead of Sylvester McCoy (you might want to ask your dad about that one). Daft Punk also recently took the voyage dans le temps back to 1978 to purloin Chic legend Nile Rodgers for ‘Random Access Memories' and the results were magnifique!
Björk
Whenever another actor retires from the role, there is always the suggestion that the new Doctor could be a woman (though of course that hasn't happened yet). We would like to put forward Bjork, who comes from a magical land far away and has control over time. Or if not time itself, then Times Square. The artist's ‘Mutual Core' video from the Biophilia album played every night as midnight approached at the famous New York landmark throughout the whole of March this year.
Josh Homme
The Queens of the Stone Age frontman recently told NME his heart stopped when he was having his leg operated on. Like the Doctor, Josh Homme got over an unfortunate impasse to emerge stronger than ever. Okay, so he died for a minute and Doctor Who was off air for 16 years, but who's counting when you're a time lord eh? Plus Josh Homme is a motherfucking badass. What more excuse do you need?
I'm sure you've got your own suggestions. Put 'em in the comments below.
Wow! Mariah Carey a Hot Mess – Suffers Epic Meltdown in Times Square New Year's Eve
Wow!
Mariah Carey suffered an epic meltdown for during her performance on New Year's Eve in Times Square.
This was really wild to watch… Her lip synching was awful and she looked like she didn't know what was going on.
And now, for the grand finale, 2016 is taking out Mariah Carey live on stage pic.twitter.com/kfBJxXjepB — The Ostrich (@ALostrich) January 1, 2017
She had plenty of police protection.
That wasn't the problem.
What was that?
Mariah Carey's backtrack went out and she didn't know what to do lmfaoooooooooooo pic.twitter.com/gzN4QsRPTP — Jahan (@H00PINATI) January 1, 2017
Oh my. What a meltdown!
There was debate at my party if Mariah Carey was singing this live. I won. pic.twitter.com/JvaIdOS6OS — Joe Danneman (@FOX19Joe) January 1, 2017
Here is the full video…
That was crazy.
me watching Mariah Carey… pic.twitter.com/IV1jRQuAgr — Gabe Erwin (@gabe) January 1, 2017
TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) and Suzuki Motor Corp (7269.T) said on Monday they plan to trade expertise in parts supplies and R&D, in an agreement that will aid expansion in emerging markets and help them cope with rapid technological sophistication.
Any deal could see Toyota benefit from a supply chain that has helped Suzuki dominate India's massive auto market, while Suzuki could hope to access Toyota's innovations in automated driving, artificial intelligence and low-emission vehicles.
“Toyota and Suzuki have agreed to work toward the early realization of a business partnership,” they said in a joint statement, singling out areas of possible cooperation such as procurement and environment- and safety-related technology.
They added that they saw no need to rush into a capital tie-up.
The agreement comes about four months after Suzuki, Japan's fourth-biggest automaker, said it was struggling to keep up with research and development (R&D) in an industry simultaneously exploring non-petrol engines and self-driving vehicles - areas in which it has yet to announce any major strategy.
While Toyota has the financial fire power to keep up with technology, the world's second-largest automaker has long struggled to win market share in India where drivers prefer the type of affordable compact cars in which Suzuki excels.
“There's a lot we can learn from the speed at which Suzuki operates and implements changes,” Senior Managing Officer Shigeru Hayakawa said at an earnings briefing, where Toyota also announced an upward revision to its full-year profit outlook.
Suzuki, through a majority stake in Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MRTI.NS), makes every other car sold in the country thanks in no small part to a local supply chain built up since the 1980s. Access to that chain could help Toyota make more cars tailored for India, and possibly compete with Suzuki in a market widely expected to be the world's third biggest by 2020.
Toyota aims to double its share of India's passenger vehicle market to 10 percent by 2025 helped by entry-level cars from minivehicle specialist Daihatsu, an affiliate wholly owned since last year which has yet to gain a presence in the market, a Toyota executive told Reuters last year.
“We would be happy to share lessons we learned from our experience in India and emerging markets with Toyota if they wish, to make this a win-win partnership for both parties,” Suzuki Vice Chairman Yasuhito Harayama said at a quarterly earnings briefing on Monday.
Toyota is hoping to mine Suzuki's know-how in low-cost design which has enabled its peer to come up with competitive cars priced below $7,000, according to several company insiders who have spoken with Reuters on condition of anonymity.
In the past, Toyota asked Daihatsu for help in this area but its engineers and parts purchasing managers have told Reuters that establishing supply chains from scratch which can compete with Suzuki's would be highly time-consuming.
Toyota Motor Corp President Akio Toyoda (L) and Suzuki Motor Chairman and CEO Osamu Suzuki attend their joint news conference in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
The courtship comes after Suzuki and Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) in 2015 ended a fraught partnership in which Suzuki accused the German automaker of wanting to bring its under its control, while VW objected to Suzuki's purchase of diesel engines from Fiat (FCHA.MI) instead of its own.
Some analysts have questioned whether the latest partnership could see Suzuki compromise its dominance in India, along with its independence.
“(Suzuki) needs access to technology, but would that mean giving up being an independent company?” CLSA managing director Chris Richter said. “I think that's a price too high for Suzuki at the moment.”
Emily Yoffe Photo by Teresa Castracane.
Emily Yoffe, aka Dear Prudence, is on Washingtonpost.com weekly to chat live with readers. An edited transcript of the chat is below. (Sign up here to get Dear Prudence delivered to your inbox each week. Read Prudie's Slate columns here. Send questions to Prudence at prudence@slate.com.)
Emily Yoffe: Good afternoon. Snow, yes, snow.
Q. My Sister Is Polyamorous and Pregnant: My sister Julia recently told our family that she and her husband Jake are in a polyamorous triad with their best friend Tony. The three of them have been together for as long as Julia has been with Jake (seven years) and all of their friends know that, essentially, Tony is Julia's other husband. They decided not to tell our more traditional family (with the exception of our brother) until Julia became pregnant, as she is now. She does not know whether the child is Jake's or Tony's, but both men plan to raise the child equally. Our brother claims they're an amazing set and that Julia has never been this happy. My parents, my husband, and I are more realistic and feel queasy about the arrangement. I cannot imagine how their child will feel, growing up with half siblings (Julia plans to have children by both men) and with their mom sleeping with two men. I don't know how they will provide the children of this “marriage” with stability. My husband doesn't want Tony around our children, even though Julia has asked that we now treat him as her husband in addition to Jake. I love Julia but am nauseated by her lifestyle choice. I think eventually it will end disastrously. How can I support this?
A: You don't have to “support” it, you just have to act like a decent person. Jake, Julia, and Tony are a threesome. Your sister is not asking for your advice or approval, she is just asking to be treated politely. You don't have to say any more to your kids other than Uncle Tony is Aunt Julia and Uncle Jake's good friend. Kids are remarkably flexible about these things. I fail to see how having Uncle Tony—presuming he's a good guy—come along on visits will harm your children in any way. If your kids have questions you answer them honestly in an age appropriate way. Which will mostly consist of, “The three of them are really close friends. I agree it's kind of unusual, but they are happy all living together.” Julia is pregnant so she's the one who should be dealing with nausea. Eat a couple of crackers, settle your stomach, and welcome this new addition to the family.
Q. Marriage and Alcoholism: My husband and I will celebrate our seventh anniversary this year. We have two children, 4 years and 6 months old. About a year and a half ago, after the threat of divorce, my husband joined AA and has been sober since. In my opinion, AA has taken over his life, to the point I see him less now that he is sober than when he was drunk. He goes to meetings once or twice daily, and several times on the weekends. We both work full time, and I pick up the kids, make dinner, get them ready for bed, and get the kitchen cleaned by the time he walks in the door at night (about 8 p.m.). He has been asked to be a part of regional representation for AA, which is going to take up more of his time. I feel horrible when I say anything, since I complained when he was drunk, and now I am complaining when he is sober, but I am exhausted! I feel like he needs to be part of our family, and his kids and I are suffering now for his sobriety. Do I have a reasonable beef, or should I just suck it up for sobriety? I'd go to an Al-Anon meeting, but I sure as hell don't have the spare time.
A: Let's stipulate that your husband has an addictive personality, and being hooked on AA is a healthy alternative to liquor. His abstinence is quite new, so it's really important that he gets gratification from it and creates habits of mind and behavior that make being sober rewarding. It seems that he has found that with the fellowship that AA brings. But you have a legitimate beef that if in order for him to do this, he has virtually abandoned his own family to attend to his new one at AA. I don't know enough about the rules of AA to be certain this suggestion is kosher, but perhaps you and he could get together with his sponsor to discuss how your husband can be with his family and attend to his sobriety. If talking to the sponsor is not an option, then it is time for you two to see a counselor who has expertise in addiction issues. You are in practical effect a single mother. You need to tell him you don't want to legally become one, so you both need to figure out how you can meet the needs of yourselves, each other, and your children.
Q. Coughing Cubicle: I work in a typical cube-farm within a small department for a nonprofit organization. A cube-mate of mine coughs and clears her throat … ALL. THE. TIME. It gets so bad that I look forward to when she takes her hour lunch so that I can have some respite from the constant hacking. Our department unfortunately requires constant phone interaction, so wearing noise-canceling headphones or listening to music is not really an option. I feel bad because she is an older lady with a lot of health problems, but may patience is wearing thin and she is driving me up the wall. Please help.
A: It's true that erratic but repetitive noises can shatter one's focus. Sure you try to concentrate and shut out the respiratory tract troubles of your colleague, but the endless hacking just makes you feel like you're caught in a tidal wave of phlegm. I don't think there's much point in asking Muriel to keep it down—she can't. She's suffering and would surely love not to feel the way she does. Instead, take this to a supervisor and be oh, so sensitive. Explain you have tremendous empathy for your co-worker's health problems, but that she has a chronic condition and unfortunately there is no way to baffle the noise which is constantly breaking your concentration. Ask if there's the possibility of a new office configuration—maybe you can be moved, maybe Muriel can.
Q. Re: Marriage and alcohol: Bad advice, Prudie—this woman should get herself to meetings of Al-Anon ASAP. Al anon is for friends and families of alcoholics and problem drinkers, whether or not the alcoholic is in treatment or attending meeting themselves. She is experiencing a common dynamic, and will get the support and advice she needs from others who have lived the same issues.
A: Sure, Al-Anon is a great idea, but she has to hire a babysitter to go because her husband isn't home long enough for her to attend a meeting. Al Anon will give her support and ideas, but in the end she and her husband have to talk and come to some understanding. I'm suggesting they do that right now.
Q. Representative Woes: I work for a college, in the admissions office. My day consists of answering calls for eight hours, to inform applicants on their application status, verify receipt of documents, and explain the admissions process. The job is very stressful and the people who call are usually always rude. If they can't understand something we have said, they never say “excuse me” or “I'm sorry.” It's always, “What?” These aren't just the students, its the parents. It seems like no one has phone manners anymore. I always try to maintain a polite composure, and assist the caller the best I can; however, the minute I say something they don't like, they want to take my name down, and talk to my supervisor. I hate this job, but leaving isn't an option. The pay is decent and the benefits are good. However, I really am starting to hate people in general. I get satisfaction when a rude applicant calls for an update, and I see that they have been rejected. I can't tell them their decision, though, and they have to wait for their letter. I feel no empathy when they call crying or upset because they didn't get in. I hate that I have become this way, but I feel that I have been driven to it. I have worked some really stressful jobs, but this takes the cake. Any suggestions?
A: Soon your college will release all their acceptance and rejection letters, and after you deal with a next wave of outrage, all will be quiet for months. My daughter is a high school senior, and it's bizarre me to think of people calling an admissions office, letting their caller ID be seen, then acting rudely to the representative. (Note: Being rude to people on the other end of the phone is not acceptable even if you aren't trying to get your kid into their college.) So, yes, you should take secret gratification in knowing that some of the most obnoxious will not be at the accepted students celebration. You are stressed by your job, but keep in mind that the people who are calling you are also in extremis. I'm sure you've been in an emergency room, so you have to adopt the unflappable, I've-seen-it-all attitude of the people who work there. Just think, if you manage to stay calm and centered, you may be able to talk some of these loons back to equanimity. Even if you can't, these interactions surely are fairly brief. But if your job is undermining your mental health, start exploring other prospects at your college—working in the archives, groundskeeping, assisting the deans—anything that will keep you far from the madding crowd.
Q. Rape, pregnancy: I'm a man who got raped by a woman. I will spare you the details, but it genuinely was rape, if you accept that that's possible. No one else was present, and I did not report it. I have tried to stay away from her since then, but now, nine months later, she is about to give birth. I'm inclined to stay far away from this, but is that right? The child will still need a father. If the child is in fact mine and I do “claim” him/her, I know I'll be responsible for child support. And even if I don't, there's still a chance I could have to pay child support. Reporting what happened is probably out of the question now since it would seem like I was just trying to weasel out of my responsibilities.
A: You are raising a bunch of legal questions. I'm not even clear whether this woman has let you know she's gestating her child, or whether you've heard of her pregnancy through the grapevine. You need to talk to a lawyer about your allegations, what you do now, and what's ahead.
Q. Re: For triad: Divorce and remarriage often result in far more “bizarre” outcomes than the one she is describing.
A: Great point!
Q. Polite: I provide weekly home health services to toddlers and moms. I have a very comfortable professional relationship with them. We usually address each other by first name. One darling woman always addresses my co-worker and me as “Miss” followed by our first names. I think it's lovely, but now I feel rude when I address her only by first name. Should I start calling her “Miss” as well, or is it weird since I have already known her five months? She's only a few years older than I am, but she's such a gracious client. As a side note, there haven't been many times that I've had to directly use her name in this time.
A: “Miss Sally” is a delightful Southern tradition that allows one to be both respectful and intimate. However, you are comfortably on a first name basis with your clients and saying “Miss” is not natural for you. So, no, you don't need to echo this client when talking to her. Feel free to simply call her by her first name.
Q. New Co-Worker Outed at Work: A new co-worker just started at our company. He is the boyfriend of the boss's son. The boss's son also works at the same company in a different division and is extremely closeted at work. Everyone in the office already knows this new guy's past and no one cares that he is gay or dating the boss's kid (I broke everyone in when I came out at work). However, when asked about his connection to the boss, this person states that he is a good friend of the boss's other kid. While this person isn't being dishonest, I feel terrible knowing everyone is whispering behind this new person's back. I would like to let him know that everyone already knows about his past without coming across as a gossip or being weird. Should I let him know, or let him find out on his own?
A: Stay out of it. The issue for the new guy may have far less to do with being gay than nepotism. He may be saying he's just a friend of the other son (which surely he is) so that people don't cluck, “Oh, he got the job because of his romantic involvement.” As you know, people will gossip and eventually it may come back to the new guy that everyone knows he's the partner of the boss's son. But I don't see anything in it for you by pointing this out to him.
Q. Does the Bride Need to Know?: A longtime friend who lives across the country recently called me up to ask me to be a bridesmaid. What I wasn't prepared for was the way she went into detail about why she was asking me. I learned I was a backup because she demoted one of her original bridesmaids and critiqued her behavior. I accepted, although admittedly my feelings are a little hurt that I wasn't a first choice. After we hung up I realized her wedding is nine months away. My husband and I are trying to start a family, so it's possible that I may not be able to make the trip for her wedding. Would it be better to let her know now and decline to be a bridesmaid, or should I wait until I'm actually pregnant and go from there? I do treasure our friendship and would love to be part of her wedding day if possible.
A: Given that you got an earful about how the previous bridesmaid failed in her duties, do be prepared for what's going to be expected during this long march. However, you are not required to announce your reproductive plans to your friend. If you get pregnant right away and the wedding will potentially coincide with your labor, then you alert your friend. I have heard from several pregnant bridesmaids who have been reamed out by angry brides over how inconsiderate they were not to use birth control during the time leading up to the bride's nuptials. These situations do make me wish that when the pregnant bridesmaid sways down the aisle her water breaks and she steals the show.
Discuss this column with Emily Yoffe on her Facebook page.
Check out Dear Prudence's book recommendations in the Slate Store.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon said Tuesday it is offering no "zero option" for the number of troops that would remain in Afghanistan after the U.S. combat mission ends in December 2014. It said in a report to Congress that "substantial" long-term military support will be needed to ensure that Afghans can hold off the Taliban insurgency.
The White House has not ruled out leaving no troops behind after 2014, although officials say the most likely option is a residual training force of roughly 9,000.
In its twice-a-year report to Congress on war progress, the Pentagon said Afghanistan's military is growing stronger but will require a lot more training, advising and foreign financial aid after the American and NATO combat mission ends.
The Pentagon's assessment was an implicit rejection of the "zero option." Zero is considered an unlikely choice by President Barack Obama, not least because his administration has pledged to stand with the Afghans for the long term. But Obama has grown frustrated in his dealings with Afghan President Hamid Karzai.
Peter Lavoy, the Pentagon's top Afghan policy official, told a news conference that a number of post-2014 options have been developed, taking into account the Afghans' need for additional training and advising, as well as what the Pentagon views as a longer-term requirement for U.S. counterterrorism forces in Afghanistan.
"In none of these cases have we developed an option that is zero," Lavoy said.
It remains possible that the administration will be left with no option other than zero if it cannot successfully negotiate a security deal with Kabul that gives the U.S. a legal basis for having forces in Afghanistan after 2014.
Talks on a security deal began last year but have made little recent headway. Karzai suspended negotiations following a disagreement this month over a Taliban political office in the Gulf state of Qatar that was to host peace talks. The office, which has the support of the United States and other countries, infuriated Karzai after the Taliban opened it with a display of the name and flag it used when it ruled Afghanistan.
Relations between Afghanistan and the United States plunged after that incident.
In its report to Congress, which is required by law every six months, the Pentagon made no recommendation on the number of U.S. troops to keep in Afghanistan after 2014. There are currently about 60,000 U.S. troops there — down from a 2010 peak of 100,000 — and the total is to shrink to 34,000 by February.
The report said it will be difficult to judge whether Afghanistan can keep the upper hand against the Taliban until the exact size of a post-2014 U.S. military presence is determined.
The report painted a largely positive picture of progress in strengthening the Afghan army and police, but it offered cautionary assessments of the economic and political elements of its strategy for stabilizing the country.
"Effective government, the rule of law and sustainable economic development are all necessary for long-term stability in Afghanistan, but multiple factors continue to hinder them, including widespread corruption," it said.
The report said that the amount of Afghan territory held by the insurgents has continued to shrink. It called the Taliban "less capable, less popular and less of an existential threat" to the Kabul government. And it said the number of "insider attacks" by Afghan forces against their U.S. and other coalition partners has declined.
On the other hand, it said the insurgents still wield influence in several key rural areas that serve as avenues to attack urban areas, including certain districts adjacent to Kabul and in areas west of the southern city of Kandahar.
"Insurgents also used violence and assassination to undermine perceptions of the Afghan government's ability to provide security," the report said, "including intimidation of tribal elders, local power brokers and Afghan government officials."
For the first time, the report to Congress said some Afghan security forces are making potentially troublesome accommodations — in some cases in the form of local ceasefire deals — with insurgent groups.
Lavoy said these are generally desirable moves toward reconciliation with the Taliban, but the report said they "can have negative effects" if Afghan military leaders compromise on security standards in the process. It said these deals have the potential to "throw off the balance of power in a given area, causing more destabilization if agreements are achieved under coercion or co-option." More deal-making is likely as U.S. and other foreign forces leave the battlefield, the report said.
Kitchen boys. I'm just now learning about them, but there are real sororities out there who somehow rope hot boys into doing shit for them and being male frat rats. But for the sorority. I think they get paid, but who cares.
They don't get paid to do shit like this. Like the Kappa Kitchen Guys at FSU.
we found our way home #pc15 #kappakitchenguys A photo posted by Kappa Kitchen Guys (@kappakitchenguys) on Aug 23, 2015 at 6:15pm PDT
My name is Matthew Bell. I enjoy long walks on the beach, free verse poetry and badminton. I accepted my bid to the kappa kitchen on Sunday, August 23rd. The rush process was draining, but I made it and feel like a whole new man. I just turned 21 in June, and enjoy FINALLY be able to rent a car from enterprise! I look forward to getting to know each and every kappa kappa gamma at Florida State. A photo posted by Kappa Kitchen Guys (@kappakitchenguys) on Aug 24, 2015 at 3:14pm PDT
We were just a {little} excited to welcome the newest nugs to the Kappa kitchen #rushBPfam #whyfsukitchen #kitchensit A photo posted by Kappa Kitchen Guys (@kappakitchenguys) on Oct 8, 2015 at 6:27pm PDT
Some heroes don't wear capes, they wear aprons #wentkitchenwednesday #whyfsukitchen A photo posted by Kappa Kitchen Guys (@kappakitchenguys) on Oct 28, 2015 at 7:06am PDT
MILFs. Mothers I Love to Feed. #whyfsukitchen A photo posted by Kappa Kitchen Guys (@kappakitchenguys) on Oct 31, 2015 at 1:14pm PDT
Please. More of this..
Clostridium difficile is a nasty bacterium which causes over 10,000 infections per year in the UK alone. It leads to severe long-term diarrhoea and inflammation in the intestine and is a particular problem for the elderly and patients receiving antibiotics that wipe out their resident population of "good bacteria". What can be done about these infections? Recently, the idea of a faecal transplant, or "transpoosion" has been gaining traction. Microbiologist Brendan Wren, from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine explained the science behind the (rather unpleasant sounding) idea to Kat Arney...
Brendan - Well, it's quite an old idea from about 25 years ago. As you mentioned, Clostridium difficile is an organism that takes over the gut, when you take antibiotics and can cause severe disease and can be life-threatening. One of the problems is you get relapses over and over again. In desperate cases, because it's quite dramatic and desperate thing to do to try and re-establish the balance of your microbiota, is to have a faecal transplant. So essentially, to try to replace the bacteria that you've lost and re-establish the balance. Anecdotally, this has worked for quite a few years and more and more of these have been done worldwide and it's gaining traction as you mentioned.
Kat - Is this actually poo? I mean, let's do some details here. Sorry, if anyone's eating dinner. Is this poo? Which end does it go in and how does it work?
Brendan - It's poo so people may be able to have their own or maybe their partners and more and more commonly now is the idea of poo banks around. So, within your own poo, you obviously have your own microbes and you need actually to start establish the balance. So yeah, it's literally that and it's in case in motion and it's given orally so it allows you to re-establish your gut microbiota.
Kat - This is kind of like a poo in a pill or sort of poo shake?
Brendan - I guess more of a poo in a pill. I guess the issues with it are, you don't know what microbes you're putting in and potentially, it could be pointing some bad ones. Some countries, they do refuse to do it, but however, some patients are really desperate and Clostridium difficile can kill people. And back in 2004, 8,000 people in UK died. So, if you have a persistent problem with it, it's a desperate measure, but it's increasingly been used.
Kat - And you say it's increasingly being used, but what's the evidence that it actually works? Have there been clinical trials done of this yet?
Brendan - Some clinical trials have been done recently, but because it's such a desperate measure, it's hard to get higher enough numbers. So, it is more anecdotal. What we're interested in our research is we have a mouse model of Clostridium difficile and reinfection and we've been able to, in this day and age, as one of the speakers mentioned earlier, we can sequence quite easily so we can work out the content of the poo, and in terms of bacteria, that way, what we want to do is to get a magic cocktail if you like of bacteria that we know don't cause disease. With this cocktail, we'd be able to re-establish mark flow in a more defined approach rather than a poo pill.
Kat - Yeah, because it does sound kind of gross. I mean, we hear all the time about the adverts, the probiotics to help our healthy bacteria. Are people quite reluctant about the idea of either a poo transplant or a bacterial transplant in this kind of slightly more cleaned up way?
Brendan - What is a certain yuck factor about a poo pill but people are desperate. If it's going to save their lives, they'll do it. that's why more and more of these have been done because Clostridium difficile has tripled over the last few years in our hospitals, particularly for persistent infections then it's one possibility.
Kat - Just very briefly to wrap up, we sometimes hear about the idea that maybe you could transfer poo from different people, share your microbiome and that might change other characteristics. For example, your weight or something like that. Is there any evidence on that very briefly?
Brendan - There's not really evidence yet on that. As your previous speakers mentioned, your microbiome being associated with everything to do with diet and health cancer, etc. But we're only at the early stages and I think with the new technology and being able to sequence the work of the actual bacteria there then we have more rational approach but I'm microbiome.
Kat - So, my cunning plan to find a thin person and extract some of their poo and then eat it is not going to work for me right now.
Brendan - I wouldn't recommend it.
Kat - It does sound fantastic. Are there hopes for larger trials for this in the future?
Brendan - Yeah, for certainly in the future and particularly in the US and lots of companies are setting up in this particular area. Poo banks will be around I'm sure. You'll have not just your genome sequenced but the genomes of your gut bacteria. So, it's going to take off I'm sure.
Prague Astronomical Clock
The Prague Astronomical Clock, or Prague Orloj (Czech: Pražský orloj [praʃskiː orloj]), is a medieval astronomical clock located in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.
The clock was first installed in 1410, making it the third-oldest astronomical clock in the world and the oldest one still operating.[1][2]
Description [ edit ]
The Orloj is mounted on the southern wall of Old Town Hall in the Old Town Square. The clock mechanism itself has three main components: the astronomical dial, representing the position of the Sun and Moon in the sky and displaying various astronomical details; statues of various Catholic saints stand on either side of the clock; "The Walk of the Apostles", a clockwork hourly show of figures of the Apostles and other moving sculptures—notably a figure of Death (represented by a skeleton) striking the time; and a calendar dial with medallions representing the months. According to local legend, the city will suffer if the clock is neglected and its good operation is placed in jeopardy; a ghost, mounted on the clock, was supposed to nod its head in confirmation. According to the legend, the only hope was represented by a boy born on New Year's night.[3]
History [ edit ]
The clock tower
The oldest part of the Orloj, the mechanical clock and astronomical dial, dates back to 1410 when it was made by clockmaker Mikuláš of Kadaň and Jan Šindel, then later a professor of mathematics and astronomy at Charles University. The first recorded mention of the clock was on 9 October 1410.[4] Later, presumably around 1490, the calendar dial was added and the clock facade was decorated with gothic sculptures.
Formerly, it was believed that the Orloj was constructed in 1490 by clockmaster Jan Růže (also called Hanuš); this is now known to be a historical mistake. A legend, recounted by Alois Jirásek, has it that the clockmaker Hanuš was blinded on the order of the Prague Councillors so that he could not repeat his work; in turn, he disabled the clock, and no one was able to repair it for the next hundred years.
In 1552 it was repaired by Jan Taborský (ca 1500–1572), master clockmaker of Klokotská Hora, who also wrote a report of the clock where he mentioned Hanuš as the maker of this clock. This mistake, corrected by Zdeněk Horský,[5] was due to an incorrect interpretation of records from the period. The mistaken assumption that Hanuš was the maker is probably connected with his reconstruction of the Old Town Hall in the years 1470–1473. The clock stopped working many times in the centuries after 1552, and was repaired many times. The legend was used as the main plot in the animated movie Goat story - The Old Prague Legends
In 1629 or 1659 wooden statues were added, and figures of the Apostles were added after a major repair in 1787–1791. During the next major repair in the years 1865–1866 the golden figure of a crowing rooster was added.
The Orloj suffered heavy damage on May 7 and especially May 8, 1945, during the Prague Uprising, when the Nazis fired on the south-west side of the Old Town Square from several armoured vehicles in an unsuccessful attempt to destroy one of the centers of the uprising. The hall and nearby buildings burned along with the wooden sculptures on the clock and the calendar dial face made by Josef Mánes.[6] After significant effort, the machinery was repaired, the wooden Apostles restored by Vojtěch Sucharda, and the Orloj started working again in 1948.[7]
The Orloj was renovated in autumn 2005, when the statues and the lower calendar ring were restored. The wooden statues were covered with a net to keep pigeons away.
The last renovation of the astronomical clock was carried out from January to September 2018, following a reconstruction of the Old Town Tower. During the renovation, an electric clock mechanism that was in operation since 1948 was replaced by an original mechanism from the 1860s.[8]
600th anniversary [ edit ]
On 9 October 2010, the Orloj's 600th anniversary was celebrated with a light show on the face of the clock tower. Two projectors were used to project several animated videos on the clock. The videos showed it being built, torn down, rebuilt, and peeled away to show its internal mechanisms and the famous animated figures, as well as various events in the clock's history. The video interacted with the tower's architecture, such as rain rolling off the arch, and showing the passage of time with moving shadows.[9]
605th anniversary [ edit ]
On its 605th anniversary, 9 October 2015, the Orloj appeared on the Google home page as a Google Doodle.[2][10]
2018 reconstruction [ edit ]
The Orloj was taken down for reconstruction and replaced by a LED screen in early 2018, with the restoration works scheduled to last for the whole summer tourist season of 2018 and the restored actual Orloj eventually being back in service soon enough to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Czechoslovakia at the end of October 2018.[11][12]
In 2018 it underwent a reconstruction and restoration, and resumed operations at 6pm local time on 28 September 2018.[13][14]
Astronomical dial [ edit ]
Functions noted
The astronomical dial is a form of mechanical astrolabe, a device used in medieval astronomy. Alternatively, one may consider the Orloj to be a primitive planetarium, displaying the current state of the universe.
The astronomical dial has a background that represents the standing Earth and sky, and surrounding it operate four main moving components: the zodiacal ring, an outer rotating ring, an icon representing the Sun, and an icon representing the Moon.
Stationary background [ edit ]
The background represents the Earth and the local view of the sky. The blue circle directly in the centre represents the Earth, and the upper blue is the portion of the sky which is above the horizon. The red and black areas indicate portions of the sky below the horizon. During the daytime, the Sun sits over the blue part of the background and at night it sits over the black. During dawn or dusk, the mechanical sun is positioned over the red part of the background.
Written on the eastern (left) part of the horizon is aurora (dawn in Latin) and ortus (rising). On the western (right) part is occasus (sunset), and crepusculum (twilight).
Golden Roman numerals at the outer edge of blue circle are the timescale of a normal 24-hour day and indicate time in local Prague time, or Central European Time. Curved golden lines dividing the blue part of dial into 12 parts are marks for unequal "hours". These hours are defined as 1/12 of the time between sunrise and sunset, and vary as the days grow longer or shorter during the year.
Zodiacal ring [ edit ]
Astronomical dial
Inside the large black outer circle lies another movable circle marked with the signs of the zodiac which indicates the location of the Sun on the ecliptic. The signs are shown in anticlockwise order. In the photograph accompanying this section, the Sun is currently moving anticlockwise from Cancer into Leo.
The displacement of the zodiac circle results from the use of a stereographic projection of the ecliptic plane using the North Pole as the basis of the projection. This is commonly seen in astronomical clocks of the period.
The small golden star shows the position of the vernal equinox, and sidereal time can be read on the scale with golden Roman numerals. The zodiac is on the 366-tooth gear inside the machine. This gear is connected to the sun gear and the moon gear by a 24-tooth gear.
Old Czech time scale [ edit ]
The clock tower on a Christmas night
At the outer edge of the clock, golden Schwabacher numerals are set on a black background. These numbers indicate Old Czech Time (or Italian hours), with 24 indicating the time of sunset, which varies during the year from as early as 16:00 in winter to 20:16 in summer. This ring moves back and forth during the year to coincide with the time of sunset.
Sun [ edit ]
The golden Sun moves around the zodiacal circle, thus showing its position on the ecliptic. The sun is attached to an arm with a golden hand, and together they show the time in three different ways:
The position of the golden hand over the Roman numerals on the background indicates the time in local Prague time. The position of the Sun over the curved golden lines indicates the time in unequal hours. The position of the golden hand over the outer ring indicates the hours passed after sunset in Old Czech Time.
Additionally, the distance of the Sun from the center of the dial shows the time of sunrise and sunset. The Sun and its hand are on the 365-tooth gear inside the machine.
Moon [ edit ]
The moon sphere is seen showing approximately a quarter moon
The unique mechanism inside the Moon
The movement of the Moon on the ecliptic is shown similarly to that of the Sun, although the speed is much faster (due to the Moon's own orbit around the Earth). The Moon's arm is on the 379-tooth gear inside the clock machine.
The half-silvered, half-black sphere of the moon also shows the Lunar phase. The Moon has a 57-tooth gear inside its sphere, and is slowly rotated by a screw-thread attached to a weight (advancing 2 teeth per day). This movement, powered only by gravity, makes the Orloj unique in the world among astronomical clocks showing the phases of the moon. The mechanism was created by an unknown maker, probably in the mid-17th century. Unlike the original device (the construction of which was described in a report from 1570), this mechanism produces much smaller deviation from the actual lunar phase (about 1 day in 5 years)[15]
Animated figures [ edit ]
Moving figures
The four figures flanking the clock are set in motion on the hour, and represent four things that were despised at the time of the clock's making. From left to right in the photographs, the first is Vanity, represented by a figure admiring himself in a mirror. Next, the miser holding a bag of gold represents greed or usury. Across the clock stands Death, a skeleton that strikes the time upon the hour. Finally there is a figure representing lust and earthly pleasures. On the hour, the skeleton rings the bell and immediately all other figures shake their heads, side to side, signifying their unreadiness "to go."
There is also a presentation of statues of the Apostles at the doorways above the clock, with all twelve presented every hour.
Calendar [ edit ]
Calendar overview and detail
The calendar plate below the clock was replaced by a copy in 1880. The original is stored in the Prague City Museum.[16]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Cited sources [ edit ]
Other sources [ edit ]
Horský, Zdeněk (1988). Pražský orloj (in Czech). Prague: Panorama.
Malina, Jakub (2005). The Prague Horloge – A Guide to the History and Esoteric Concept of the Astronomical Clock in Prague, Series: Esoteric Prague. Prague: Eminent.
Coordinates:
(CNN) If you're applying to college, you can spend hours crafting the perfect admissions essay. Or you can just write the same word 100 times.
It worked for Ziad Ahmed.
The Princeton, New Jersey, high school senior was recently admitted to Stanford University after writing #BlackLivesMatter 100 times in response to the application question, "What matters to you and why?"
Ahmed has been flooded with attention since posting his essay answer to Twitter on Saturday.
"First, there was a word limit on the question prompt -- you couldn't have less than 100 words," he explained in an interview with CNN.
"As I completed my application, my academic work, volunteer activity, extracurricular and activism created a picture, but it became apparent to me as I neared that final question that the picture lacked my voice," he added. "It was important that to me that the admissions officers literally hear my impatience for justice and the significance of this issue."
Ahmed, 18, is a practicing Muslim and a self-described activist. He says much of his passion stems from him experiencing racism of his own.
He says he decided to use the hashtag because it conveyed his frustrations with the judicial system's failure to protect the black community from violence, systemic inequity and political disenfranchisement.
CNN reached out to Stanford to confirm Ahmed's story. A university spokesman said the school does not comment on student applications.
Ahmed's acceptance letter.
As a freshman in high school Ahmed founded Redefy, a nonprofit organization that advocates for social justice. Its mission is to defy stereotypes, defeat hate and promote tolerance through workshops for young students.
Ahmed says that as a Muslim who has faced bigotry in the United States he feels an affinity for African-Americans.
"The Islamophobia that is heavily present in this country is connected to the legacy of racism and oppression that the black community continues to face," he said.
Ahmed founded Redefy, a nonprofit organization, and has given a TEDx talk.
Ahmed told CNN he has been bullied online by white extremists since his successful Stanford application made headlines. But he says he's also been overwhelmed by an outpouring of support and congratulations.
He hopes his story will encourage others to fight intolerance and social inequity.
Ahmed is still deciding which school he will attend. But wherever he goes to college, he said it's his goal to listen, develop and innovate to become a better advocate and a better citizen.
"I am many things, but I am an unapologetic progressive activist first and foremost," he said.
New phone looks to be much better than HTC's last flagship phone
HTC has unveiled its new HTC 10 flagship phone. Carved out of a solid block of aluminium the 5.2in display sits behind a layer of glass that covers the entire front. Key features include 24-bit audio, a double-optical-image-stabilized-camera-system, reduced interface bloat and an impressive, rear, 12-megapixel, f1.8 camera which gives the iPhone 6S Plus a run for its money.
In our brief hands-on it felt much better than the disappointing, upgrade-by-numbers predecessor, the HTC One M9, which was a lazy upgrade at a ridiculous price – phones that were half its price offered better features and performance.
It feels incredibly solid and, with the latest-generation innards, felt very fast and responsive. People who don't like thin phones may dislike the 3mm-thick sides, though, which can make the phone hard to hold securely. A new official case, called the Ice View, lets you see through the flappy cover. While it's not as cool and retro as the coarser, dotty cases we saw on predecessors, the finer mesh shows more information and better notifications for third party apps.
The 3,000mAh battery promises a whopping 27 hours of talk time and two days of average use. The M9 barely lasted a day so we hope this lives up to the specs when we fully test it.
It comes with “hi-res audio” earbuds which can make use of the 24-bit audio. The new fast charger apparently can fill the battery to 50% in 30 minutes.
HTC has proudly removed a great deal of bloatware and unnecessary apps, saying that Android's own apps are now mature enough not to need duplicating. Fans of HTC's own Calendar app and such like will still be able to download them on the Google Play Store.
It doesn't run a pure version of Android – a reduced version of the HTC Sense interface is retained. New optimisations include the ability to move app tiles anywhere across the screen (no more grid spacing) and icons can be changed to different shapes and sizes. A new app called HTC Boost+ apparently helps with battery life by acting like an intelligent task manager. A new Personal Audio Profile allegedly dynamically matches sound to your ears – we'll be interested in testing that claim out.
In terms of handling, the bottom button is now a non-pressable fingerprint reader and the power button on the side is ridged to make it quickly identifiable as a power button and not a volume rocker.
It all amounts to an impressive-sounding phone that looks to live up to its promise in the brief time we had with it. It's already significantly better than the M9 and already more attractive to Android fans who don't like Samsung's S7 Edge screen or Sony's glass monoliths. However, in a crowded market much will depend on price. This is a premium phone and the price will likely be too... unless HTC feels like apologizing for its previous flagship by overcompensating with much better value this time around. Price and availability are yet to be announced.
Specifications
SIZE: 145.9 x 71.9 x 3.0 - 9.0mm
WEIGHT: 161g
DISPLAY: 5.2-inch, Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440 pixels, 564 pixels per inch) Super LCD 5 with curved-edge Gorilla Glass
SOFTWARE Android 6 (Marshmallow) with HTC Sense
PROCESSOR
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
Quad-core, 64-bit, up to 2.2Ghz
MEMORY
Total storage: 32GB
32GB RAM: 4GB
4GB Expandable: microSD™ expansion supports additional memory cards up to 2TB with Flex Storage (optional cards not included)
Cameras
Main Camera
12MP HTC UltraPixel 2 (1.55µm pixel size)
Laser autofocus
BSI sensor
Optical Image Stabilization (OIS)
f /1.8 aperture, 26mm focal length
/1.8 aperture, 26mm focal length Dual tone LED flash
4K video recording with Hi-Res Audio
Slow motion video recording at 720p, 120fps
Modes include Auto-HDR, Panorama, Pro mode with manual control and 12-bit RAW format support, Hyperlapse, Zoe capture, Video Pic, and continuous shooting up to 8fps
Front Camera
5MP (1.34µm pixel size)
Autofocus
BSI sensor
Optical Image Stabilization (OIS)
f /1.8 aperture, 23mm focal length
/1.8 aperture, 23mm focal length Full HD 1080p video recording
Modes include Auto-HDR, Auto Selfie, Voice Selfie, and Live Make-Up
SOUND
HTC BoomSound Hi-Fi Edition
Dolby Audio
Personal Audio Profile
Hi-Res Audio certified
Hi-Res Audio earphones
Hi-Res Audio stereo recording
Three microphones with noise cancelation
NETWORK
2G/2.5G GSM/GPRS/EDGE:
850/900/1800/1900 MHz
850/900/1900/2100 MHz
Asia/Europe: FDD B1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 12, 20, 28, 32; TDD B38, 40, 41
Support Cat 9 LTE: downloads up to 450Mbps, uploads up to 50Mbps
3G UMTS
4G LTE (up to 450Mb/s)
SIM Supports VoLTE
Nano SIM
SENSORS
Ambient light sensor
Proximity sensor
Motion G-sensor
Compass sensor
Gyro sensor
Magnetic sensor
Fingerprint sensor
Sensor Hub for activity tracking
Location
GPS + GLONASS + Beidou
Capacity: 3000mAh
Talk time on 3G/4G: up to 27 hours
Standby time on 3G/4G: up to 19 days
Power saving mode
Extreme power saving mode
Quick Charge 3.0 with cool charge: up to 50% charge in 30 minutes
Display colour personalization
Ice View case
Motion Launch
Quiet ring on pick-up
Pocket mode
CONNECTIVITY
USB 3.1 Gen1, Type-C
3.5mm stereo audio jack
Bluetooth® 4.2
Wi-Fi®: 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5GHz)
NFC
DisplayPort
DNLA
Miracast
Google Cast
AirPlay
HTC Connect™ for wirelessly streaming media from the phone to compatible multi-room audio systems, TVs, portable speakers and home entertainment systems
BATTERY
Capacity: 3000mAh
Talk time on 3G/4G: up to 27 hours
Standby time on 3G/4G: up to 19 days
Power saving mode
Extreme power saving mode
Quick Charge 3.0 with cool charge: up to 50% charge in 30 minutes
ADDITIONAL FEATURES
Display colour personalization
Ice View case
Motion Launch
Quiet ring on pick-up
Pocket mode
Paula Creamer is calling for a women's Masters at Augusta National.
Creamer would love for organizers to at least listen to the idea of women playing a Masters in consecutive weeks with the men's tournament. She reiterated her thoughts Tuesday at Lake Merced Golf Club, where the Bay Area native is preparing for this week's Swinging Skirts LPGA Classic.
Article continues below ...
On April 14, Creamer posted on Twitter: "I hope The Masters will consider a Women's Masters soon. They do so much to grow the game. Fastest area of golf growth is women! (hash)6Majors?"
I hope The Masters will consider a Women's Masters soon. They do so much to grow the game. Fastest area of golf growth is women! #6Majors? — Paula Creamer (@ThePCreamer) April 14, 2015
"I've been there, I've played there, stayed in Butler's Cabin," said Creamer, the 2010 U.S. Women's Open champion. "I had an awesome time. I think the patrons and everybody would love to have two weeks there, two tournaments. Why wouldn't you? Hopefully, we will see something change and happen."
While she hasn't heard from anyone official at Augusta, there has been plenty of positive feedback since she made the comments. She wants to be part of golf taking steps to recruit the next generation of young players.
"It's 2015. I think Augusta and the Masters and everybody with that event, they want to grow the game so badly," Creamer said. "That's what it is, about growing the game and giving people opportunities. The Chip and Putt, all of that for the kids to be able to come out there. There's no reason why we can't do that in women's golf. We're just as much a part of growing the game."
When reminded that Augusta National Golf Club Chairman Billy Payne has referenced scheduling issues when it comes to adding an event such as a women's tournament, Creamer noted she believes it wouldn't be that hard and "I think they could handle two weeks a year."
"You could have two major tournaments back-to-back," she said.
Payne has said he doesn't envision a women's Masters.
"We have a very short member season at Augusta National. It's seven months only," he said. "The time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of the tournament is already extensive. I don't think that we would ever host another tournament."
Creamer is open to participating in further discussion.
"There's no reason why you can't revisit things. I think somebody's got to speak up and somebody's got to say something," Creamer said. "It's an idea, I don't think that people should be ashamed to talk about it. I'd like to know truthfully why we wouldn't be able to have a tournament there. Definitely women's golf deserves something like that."
You can see this process at work in research published last year by the psychologists Anneke Buffone and Michael Poulin. Subjects were told about a competition between two students in another room of the lab. Half of the subjects read an essay in which one of the students described herself as being in distress (“I've never been this low on funds and it really scares me”); the others read an essay in which she was mellow (“I've never been this low on funds, but it doesn't really bother me”). The subjects were then told that they were going to help out in a study of pain and performance, wherein they would get to choose how much hot sauce the student's competitor would have to consume.
Keep in mind that this competitor didn't do anything wrong; he or she had nothing to do with the student's anxiety about money. Nonetheless, the subjects chose to give more hot sauce to this other person when the student was described as distressed. Their empathy drove aggression, even when it made no moral sense.
Also, before the study was done, Buffone and Poulin gave all of their subjects a test that scans for specific genes that make people more sensitive to vasopressin and oxytocin, hormones that are implicated in compassion, helping, and empathy. As predicted, there was a greater connection between empathy and aggression in those subjects that had those genes—that is, more empathic people were more aggressive when exposed to the suffering of strangers.
I've come up with similar findings in a series of studies done in collaboration with the Yale graduate student Nick Stagnaro. We start by giving people a simple test that measures their degree of empathy. Then we tell them some awful stories, about journalists kidnapped in the Middle East, about child abuse in the United States. And then we ask them how best to respond to those responsible for the suffering. In the Middle East case, we give a continuum of political options, from doing nothing to public criticism, all the way to a military ground invasion. For the domestic version, we ask about increased penalties for the abuser, from increasing their bail to making them eligible for the death penalty. Just as with the genetic study, we found that the more empathic people are, the more they want a harsher punishment.
Politicians are comfortable exploiting this dark side of empathy. Donald Trump likes to talk about Kate—he doesn't use her full name, Kate Steinle, just Kate. She was murdered in San Francisco by an undocumented immigrant, and Trump wants to make her real to his audience, to make vivid his talk of Mexican killers. Similarly, Ann Coulter's recent book, Adios, America, is rich with detailed descriptions of immigrant crimes, particularly rape and child rape, with chapter titles like “Why Do Hispanic Valedictorians Make the News, But Child Rapists Don't?” and headings like “Lost a friend to drugs? Thank a Mexican.” Trump and Coulter use these stories to stoke our feelings for innocent victims, to motivate support for policies against the immigrants who are said to prey upon these innocents.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday structural reforms to India's economy could only progress slowly, adding that he backed relaxing labour and land laws hated by business, along with more privatizations.
India's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi November 5, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee
Speaking to an audience of foreign investors, Jaitley said people still needed to be convinced that making it easier to hire and fire workers would create jobs.
He did not set deadlines — possibly disappointing some in the audience at the Indian edition of the World Economic Forum hoping for a quick reform burst.
“There is a lot that has to be done ... I am quite satisfied with the beginning we have made but it's a long journey,” Jaitley said.
He cautioned against rushing into big bang reforms that could trigger a political backlash and derail the government's agenda.
“Reform is the art of the possible,” he said, while promising not to take decisions that would send negative signals to investors.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to office in May with a mandate to create jobs and kickstart Asia's third largest economy after a long period of low growth. Expectations are mounting that the government will take steps between now and the budget in February to stimulate investment.
India recorded better-than-expected growth of 5.7 percent in the quarter ending in June, but industrial output and investment has not yet picked up in a sustained way.
The government has already taken some steps to make doing business easier and reduce red tape and subsidies. However, Modi has not moved ahead as fast on privatizations or welfare and tax reform as some of his supporter had hoped.
Anand Mahindra, managing director of tractors to tech conglomerate Mahindra Group (MAHM.NS), said that investment in the economy would pick up once companies saw big infrastructure projects restart.
“It takes a little while to gather momentum, and the momentum I sense is very positive,” he told reporters.
“When you get backhoe loaders out there digging up earth again visibly, you will see a rush of investment,” said Mahindra, whose company also makes backhoe loaders.
A land acquisition law passed by the last government and supported by the BJP while in opposition dramatically increased compensation to farmers for land. Stringent rules requiring consensus among sellers have made it difficult for industry to buy land.
Jaitley said he supported the higher compensation but wanted to loosen other barriers to land purchases.
ZOMBIES
In addition to an ongoing process of selling off government shares in state-run companies, Jaitely said he was open to privatizing so-called “zombie” companies, many of which have hundreds of employees paid by the government but produce nothing.
“There are still a large number of companies which are almost on the verge of closure where people are going to lose employment,” Jaitley said.
“Given a choice between them continuing in the present state and getting them privatized, the second would be a preferable option.”
He did not give more details and it was unclear how much private sector interest there would be in companies that include a British-era uniform factory and a government watch-maker.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Jaitley said he hoped a long-delayed bill to allow up to 49 percent foreign investment in the insurance sector would be passed by parliament within weeks, and said he would consider allowing more foreign investment in railways.
Unveiling first steps to reform labour last month, India simplified employment rules and eased the way for people changing jobs to move social security funds.
The government also announced a series of coal field auctions last month, replacing a policy of discretional allocation. Jaitley said the government planned to introduce a similar mechanism for other minerals, without giving details.
Two months ago I was sitting beside the tomb of a descendant of the Prophet Mohammed, telling a story about the last week of the Prophet's life. It was detailed enough to paint an imaginary portrait of him and included a mildly ribald joke from one of his wives, told him on his deathbed when he was racked with fever. This kind of story often perplexes my rationalist friends back home. ‘Why can you describe the Prophet but not draw him?' ‘Why can you make jokes but not draw cartoons?' Where does this idea that it is forbidden to represent the Prophet come from?
There is no line in the Koran that forbids it. The whole tradition rests in the Hadith, the collected sayings of the Prophet — in essence what one of his wives or early converts remembered the Prophet Mohammed saying. Number 5963 in al-Bukhari's multi-volume Hadith recalls him decrying that ‘Whoever makes a picture in this world will be asked to put life into it on the Day of Resurrection, but he will not be able to do so.'
What exactly did he mean? Now you must take a deep breath and dive into the murky waters of Islamic scholarship. On the one hand there are commentators who think this condemns every sketch and photograph ever made and their makers to eternal hellfire (including the snap used in your passport). On the other there are commentators who explain that this prohibition refers only to diabolical artists who attempt to create something with a soul — such as Dr Frankenstein. Still other scholars have pieced together all the relevant Hadith and argue that Mohammed was simply telling a parable to illustrate that mankind — for all its pretensions to creativity — will never make anything as useful or as beautifully compact as even a seed of barley.
Nevertheless, a sort of consensus has emerged. Most Muslims accept that two-dimensional images (photographs, films and television) are absolutely fine but that three-dimensional sculptures that cast a shadow are best avoided. If you go into a typical Sunni Muslim home, you will usually find a television on in the sitting room, often showing a football match or an Egyptian soap. There may also be a photograph of a heroic football team. Practically all public spaces are decorated with large photographs of the current ruler of the country.
Looking at the artistic tradition and history of the Islamic world sheds further light. The mosques of Islam are empty of human imagery but positively billow with beautiful representations of flowers, gardens, trees and buildings (such as those depicted in mosaic in the ancient mosque of Damascus). These have clearly always been acceptable. The imagery of ‘the garden' is designed to remind the worshipper of the garden of paradise that awaits the pious in the life beyond.
A 16th-century Turkish image of Mohammed welcoming Jacob, from the ‘Zubdet ut Tevarih' by Lokman (1583)
When we try to look at early Muslim two-dimensional art on paper, papyrus and parchment we face an historic blank. The Mongol decimation of the Abbasid Caliphate in the 13th century (epitomised by the sacking of Baghdad in 1258) was so horribly destructive that it wiped out 500 years of historical evidence. Only the chance survival of a 13th-century illustrated manuscript (the incredibly precious and much-reproduced Maqamat of al-Hariri — held in the French National Library in Paris) reveals a rich figurative tradition. And once again you have to choose between two antagonistic schools of thought: one holds that this wonderful corpus of 99 images is evidence of a brand-new influence, that of the Turks and Mongols; the other that it is precious evidence of an earlier and confident Islamic figurative tradition.
The Shiite Persians believe the latter, and to this day have no problem about two-dimensional images, even those illustrating the life of Mohammed, though they prefer to depict the face of Mohammed as veiled, or subsumed by a halo of gold or green fire. Indeed the Iranian Republic continues to support public art depicting the heroes of Islam, which include fantastically vivid and romantic posters of Imam Ali (the Prophet's cousin, first disciple and son-in-law) and his martyred son Husayn and their bloodied, riderless horses.
A Persian image of a veiled Mohammed (1539–43)
Whatever the heritage of their medieval past, Sunni Islam — in the Arab-speaking Middle East — had decisively turned its back on depictions of the Prophet well before the 18th-century emergence of Wahhabism. Once again there are no definite answers. It may have been a gut reaction to the magnificent art produced by their Iranian Shiite rivals but it also reflects a very real fear that Mohammed was slowly being turned into a demi-god and that in the process his actual prophetic message would be ignored. This was especially true in the far eastern frontiers of Islam, such as India and Indonesia (numerically the two largest Muslim nations in the world) with their ancient syncretic traditions. So the attack on imagery can also be seen to have a constructive element embedded within it, concentrating all attention on the text of the Koran and reinforcing the Arab nature of that revelation.
Confused? I would hope so. For that is the end point of all useful discussions about Islam and the beginning of wisdom.
Norman Morrison set fire to himself in front of the Pentagon as a protest against the Vietnam war, leaving his widow to bring up their three young children. By John-Paul Flintoff
One day in November, Norman Morrison left home with his baby daughter Emily, drove 40 miles to Washington DC, and just yards from the Pentagon, poured kerosene over himself before striking a match. The flames shot more than 10 feet into the air.
Coming home after collecting their two older children from school, his wife, Anne, had no idea what Norman, 31, had done. But as night fell, she wondered where he had taken Emily. Then the phone rang. It was a journalist. Realising she had no idea what had happened, he suggested she phone the hospital. She did, and was told that Norman had been badly burned. "Intuitively, I knew he hadn't survived," Anne remembers.
Her baby had not been harmed, the hospital staff assured her.
She asked friends to look after Ben, six, and Christina, five, and others to drive her to Washington. At the hospital, Anne collected Emily, who seemed fine, and Norman's possessions: wallet, comb, wedding ring and a Harris tweed jacket he had bought in Scotland after they married.
For the media outside, she wrote a statement: Norman had given his life to express his concern about the loss of life and suffering caused by America's military intervention in Vietnam.
Norman and Anne had grown up Presbyterian and Methodist, respectively, but become Quakers. As pacifists, they had put great effort into ending the war: praying, protesting, lobbying, withholding war taxes, writing letters to newspapers and people in power. But if Anne had known of Norman's plans, she would have done anything to stop him, she says.
The next morning, at home, she had to break the news to Ben and Christina. "I honestly did not know what I was going to say. I just prayed all the way up the steps and asked for help. I prayed for help and told them that, uh" – remembering, even 45 years later, Anne's voice breaks and she starts to sob gently as she continues – "I told them their dad had died because children were suffering in a country far away and he died to help them and to stop the war that was causing them such pain and suffering."
Many people, hearing this, find it impossible to understand what Norman did. It must have been harder still for his young children.
"We sat on the side of the bed and held each other. I told them Daddy would want them to be brave – a declaration I now regret. I know now that we should have cried our hearts out together. Because we did not, our family remained in a state of frozen grief for years. I believed I had no right to grieve and it was very difficult to be angry at someone who had just given his life for a cause, to try to stop a war."
Few people today have heard of Norman Morrison, but his act was front-page news around the world. The impact in the US was mixed. Some in the media suggested that Norman must have been insane. (Anne firmly denies that.) But many others were moved by what he had done and wrote to Anne to say so, even calling him a saint. (She denies that too.) She kept all the letters in cardboard boxes, hauling them round from one house to another, for years too afraid to look inside.
This year marks the 45th anniversary of Norman's death. After decades living with the consequences, Anne has published a memoir, Held in the Light, that is heartbreaking but also inspirationally forgiving. She talked to me about her husband and her life last week.
She lives in a remote town in western North Carolina, in a bungalow with a porch and a statue of Buddha on the patio, which came with the house when she bought it. The patio, overlooking the mountains that encircle the community, is a good place to sit and think, she says.
When Anne met Norman, nearly a decade before his death, he struck her as happy and attractive, guileless but determined. He cared deeply about people, but could be ill at ease socially, sometimes even "off-putting and perplexing in his manner", as she recalls. He was intense but had a quirky, off-hand sense of humour.
Though only five when he died, Christina has a few precious memories, such as holding his hand as she walked to school. "And laughing as he spun me round to Scottish reels." (He was proud of his Scots heritage.) "It's easy for his death to eclipse or define his life. Yet my father's life was filled with daring escapades, good work, spontaneous adventures and many moments of humour and kindness."
So how could he end it as he did? The day after his death, a letter arrived in Washington, addressed to Anne in Norman's handwriting. "Dearest Anne," it began, "please don't condemn me. For weeks, even months, I have been praying only that I be shown what I must do. This morning with no warning I was shown."
Interpreting his action to the children was desperately painful. "They found more questions to ask," Anne says. "'Wasn't there a better way? Why did Daddy have to be the one?'" One day Christina uttered the heartbreaking truth: "It didn't stop the war."
"I wondered how the people of a distant country could be more important than us. As a little girl, who wanted to feel special to her Daddy, my heart was broken, and so was Ben's," Christina says. "Life went on, but all the colours faded, and our home was strangely sad and empty. One of the things I miss most about my dad was being held by him."
Anne threw herself into peace work while trying to be a good mother and create a normal home. "It was more than I was able to do. I was present, but always partly on another wavelength."
Less than two years after Norman died, Anne married again. Her new husband was a long-standing friend, and the children were devoted to him, but they continued to suffer inwardly. Then Ben was diagnosed with cancer and was told his leg would have to be amputated. The illness went on and on. "I got in touch with my grief just enough to be angry with Norman for not being with us for this long battle." She realised she had remarried prematurely, and separated, then divorced.
Ben grew weaker, and after several years he died, aged 16. This second loss was devastating. "I wanted to die too," Anne says. "Life felt devoid of meaning." But she still wouldn't weep around the others. "Every time I took a shower, I cried. Looking back, I realise that I was crying for Norman too."
"I never saw my mother cry," says Christina. "And I followed her example."
Anne married for the third time, in 1974, to Bob Welsh – another Quaker, who had faced the prospect of prison for quitting the military reserves. They recently celebrated 36 years together. "He's been very generous, understanding and supportive. He didn't know Norman, but he respected him very much. I'm extremely grateful for his greatness of spirit."
Norman had set fire to himself 40 feet from the Pentagon office window of the wartime secretary of defence, Robert McNamara. Thirty years later, McNamara published a memoir acknowledging misgivings about the war, stirred up by Norman's act, that he was unable to speak of at the time. "I reacted to the horror of his action by bottling up my emotions, and avoided talking about them with anyone – even my family. I knew [they] shared many of Morrison's feelings about the war."
Others might have felt this served him right. Anne wrote to McNamara, thanking him for his candour and telling him what kind of person Norman was. McNamara phoned to thank her for the letter. "We had a surprisingly relaxed and candid conversation, as if we knew each other," she says. "Norman's death is a wound that we both carried."
Norman's sacrifice was well known in Vietnam. Anne had received letters of support and thanks for years. She knew the North Vietnamese government had issued a stamp with Norman's face on it, and named a street in Hanoi after "Mo Ri Xon". She had received condolences from President Ho Chi Minh, and an invitation to visit.
But she didn't take up the invitation until the late 90s, after a Vietnamese man approached her at a talk and told her that when he was little, like other Vietnamese children, he had learned by heart a poem dedicated to Norman by North Vietnam's poet laureate.
Anne flew to Vietnam in 1999, taking Christina and Emily with her – by now well into their 30s. They were stunned by the warmth of their welcome.
One day in her hotel, Anne felt exhausted and overwhelmed. "I did what I should have done 34 years before. I began to grieve deeply. I let out all the collected emotions – grief, bitterness, guilt, sadness and anger. I wailed and raged at Norman for leaving me at the age of 30 with such challenges, and for abandoning his children. I felt completely alone."
Eventually she cried herself out, and prayed. "Lord, help me, I can't carry this load any more. I can't carry this little family by myself." Then she fell asleep, and woke the next morning tired but peaceful.
They met a lot of Vietnamese people. "What people most wanted to do," Anne says, "was told the stories of where they had been when they heard the news of Norman's sacrifice, often with tears streaming down their faces."
"As a child," Christina says, "the only thing that helped me understand my dad's death was being aware of the suffering in Vietnam. On our visit, I got to meet some of those children who told us how much my father's sacrifice meant to them. This was indescribably healing for me."
The wartime prime minister, Pham Van Dong, told them: "Your family is esteemed to the highest magnitude." Norman's "noble and great act" had touched "the most beautiful and valuable parts in humanity," he said.
"I went to Vietnam to say thank you for the kindness and love expressed to us," says Anne. "I came away with more love than I knew was possible."
Emily especially was venerated, because only she, as a baby, had witnessed her father's horrifying death.
One thing that had always haunted Anne was Norman's decision to take Emily with him to Washington. In his posthumous letter he'd mentioned Abraham, commanded by God to sacrifice his son Isaac. Could Norman have have thought, even briefly, of sacrificing his daughter?
Eyewitness reports were conflicted. Did Norman pass Emily to an unidentified woman? Place her on the ground? Anne knows only that Emily had no cuts, bruises, singes or burns.
Emily, older than her father was when he died, believes her presence beside him was crucial. "By involving me, I feel he was asking the question, 'How would you feel if this child were burned too?' People condemned him for my presence there when perhaps he wanted us to question this horrifying possibility. I believe I was there with him ultimately to be a symbol of truth and hope, treasure and horror altogether. And I am fine with my role in it."
Today Emily lives in the same village as Anne and Bob, who look after her sons once a week. Christina and her husband have moved nearby from Texas.
Others remain close but in a different way. In a corner of Anne's living room stands a sideboard she bought with Norman. It's now her family altar, created on her return from Vietnam in the style of altars there. "It holds pictures of Norman and Ben, my mother and dad, and childhood nanny, along with several objects special and sacred to me."
In Vietnam, Anne was moved and enchanted by the significance of family altars and the rituals performed there. "Physically they are no longer with us," she was told, "but spiritually they are still present, to give us love, encouragement and advice."
Held in the Light, by Anne Morrison Welsh, is published by Orbis, £12.99
I was slightly puzzled by the early media reports of the appalling murder in Woolwich and particularly the wrangling over whether or not this could be called ‘a terrorist attack'. Does it make much difference? Two savages hacked a man to death while shouting Allahu Akbar; that's really all you need to know, isn't it? In a sense calling it an act of terrorism somehow dignifies the barbarism. The media will now go into crowd-control mode and tell us how all Muslims are as shocked by this attack as are the rest of us and how Islam is a peaceable religion. No, it isn't.
All credit to the woman police officer who shot the scumbags, although I suspect we will soon have an inquest into why it took the ‘boyden' (that's ghetto slang for police, apparently, dear readers) took 20 minutes to arrive.
UPDATE: To avoid the ludicrous phrase ‘men of Muslim appearance' I originally used the word ‘black' to describe the appearance of the knifemen. If anyone took that wrong way, I'm very sorry.
US and China are on collision course: Former ambassador 8:21 PM ET Wed, 8 March 2017 | 00:54
The U.S. should revive the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) as the deal is the most "important geopolitically" for the U.S., the country's former ambassador to China said.
"There's nothing more important than resurrecting, bringing back the TPP. That's probably the best economic complement we can come up with in the U.S. to deal with South China Sea issues (involving) China," said Max Baucus, the Obama administration's envoy to China from 2014 to January 2017.
President Donald Trump formally withdrew the U.S. from the TPP just days after his inauguration on January 20 this year . The accord between the U.S. and 11 countries in the Pacific region to liberalize trade, set common trade standards and cut barriers was reached in 2015.
The move to exit the deal will not bode well for the U.S. geopolitical presence in Asia, Baucus told CNBC's "The Rundown" on Thursday.
× Business owner: ‘I don't get why the troublemakers have to make trouble'
SEATTLE — Businesses in downtown Seattle are gearing up for May Day today. Many will start bringing in their outdoor signs or A-boards, planters, and patio sets indoor in case the protests get out of hand.
With a cafe on Westlake Plaza, May Day is one day that Bobachine owner Sheila Locke doesn't ignore.
Locke said May Day means her regular customers will go home early before the protests. While that's expected, but what's not expected is how demonstrations will go each year.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“We're going to do what we do and go with the flow, and if it gets uglier than yeah, we'll pull our tails in a little bit and go out the back door,” said Locke.
James Sido, with the Downtown Seattle Association, will also be watching the demonstrations closely, making sure they don't get out of hand like years past.
“The issue is when interlopers get on the backend of that march or they come down and they aren't associated with that march in any way and they start causing damage,” said Sido.
If violence erupts, Sido said members will be some of the first to know through an e-mail notification system now in place that will go to building owners and property managers to inform them about security along the demonstration routes and notify them about the progress of the march and any associated damage.
As for Locke, she just hopes its damage her business and others don't see, especially on a day traditionally meant for workers.
“May Day is for the laborers and the workers,” said Locke. “I don't get why the troublemakers have to make trouble. It's senseless.”
TBS and Google Play have announced a partnership that will see the platform become the exclusive mobile gaming partner of the talk show franchise CONAN. The partnership will see Google Play live stream stunts, in-show brand integrations, and more. Exciting stuff. But that's not the nugget that we've picked up on.
Also in the press release released today was the tasty detail that “…Google Play will also road trip with CONAN for the show's fourth annual appearance at San Diego Comic-Con”, confirming the highly popular talk show host will be bringing his live shows back to the city again for 2018, more than likely at the Spreckels Theatre. If it ain't broke, right?
Here's the release:
TBS, a division of Turner, and Google Play today announced a year-long mobile gaming partnership to power the renowned gaming escapades of late-night series CONAN. As the first-ever, exclusive mobile gaming partner of CONAN, Google Play will fuel live-streaming stunts, mobile-led marathons and in-show brand integrations throughout the year.
CONAN has become a leading late-night favorite among those in the video gamer community, who have helped turn the Clueless Gamer segments and Stream Coco weekly review show into viral sensations across the Team Coco website and social handles. Clueless Gamer features host Conan O'Brien and guests playing – or rather attempting to play – the hottest video games on the market. As part of the partnership, Google Play will serve as the platform of choice to bring the show's gaming adventures to fans across all screens.
“The meteoric rise of mobile gaming has led to a video game community that is more diverse, inclusive, and representative than ever before,” said Chris Connelly, Global Content Marketing Lead for Google Play. “Conan's authentic personality and broad reach makes him the perfect partner to help tell that story, and show the increasing role mobile gaming plays in our lives. As huge fans of the show, we're looking forward to showcasing the wide selection of fun and innovative games from major studios and indies alike on Google Play.”
The partnership kicked off with an in-show brand integration during CONAN's week of shows at the Apollo Theater in New York City. As Conan O'Brien rode to the theater with associate producer Jordan Schlansky, he was able to enjoy the commute with the accessibility of Google Play, or so he hoped. The video was shared and optimized across Team Coco's social handles, generating over 1.7MM views to date on Facebook and YouTube.
“As Conan continues to evolve the boundaries of his late-night show and build an incredible community of fans in the digital and social space, we've been able to take a true omni-channel approach to our partnerships with marketers,” said Jenn Cohen, Senior Vice President of Entertainment Content Partnerships for Turner Ignite. “This social-led, year-long campaign brings Google Play unique access to the show across all touchpoints, while also rewarding the fans with more of what they want – their favorite late-night gamer.”
Next up in December, Team Coco's accomplished gamer Aaron Bleyaert (better known as “Bley”) will dive into Google Play's 2017 “Best of Play” list, revealing and reviewing the year's top trending mobile games in a special edition of Stream Coco. On deck for 2018, Team Coco will attempt the show's first-ever live mobile gaming marathon, where Bley will take on Google Play's dynamic catalogue of games for 24-hours straight.
…Google Play will also road trip with CONAN for the show's fourth annual appearance at San Diego Comic-Con.
CONAN airs Monday-Thursday at 11 p.m. (ET/PT) on TBS and is produced by Conaco LLC, with Jeff Ross serving as executive producer. Since premiering in November 2010, the show continues to be a hit with young adults, consistently delivering the youngest audience of any late-night series. The show also continues to be a phenomenal success in the digital and social media arena, chalking up more than 3.4 billion video views, in addition to 70+ million views for Team Coco's branded content with clips from CONAN's nightly episodes, international excursions and Comic-Con shows drawing more than 1.3 billion views.
On the social media front, O'Brien has 26.6 million followers on Twitter, making him one of the most-followed hosts in late night. Among the show's other successes in digital arena, Team Coco and TBS earned an Emmy® for Outstanding Creative Achievement in Interactive Media.
If you liked it, share it: Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Facebook
More
Print
Email
Pocket
Grenades are one of CS:GO's most unique elements. On the one hand, they're secondary equipment in a game that's very much about aim, angles, and scoring headshots. On the other hand, they're the closest thing to a hard counter in countless situations—knowing how to angle a flashbang or smoke off the wall can save your team from destruction in CS:GO's popular competitive mode.
Last week we featured 10 useful grenade throws on the maps Dust2, Mirage, and Cache. Knowing that all of these angles and arcs are a lot to take in at once, this week we complete that series with some recommended 'nade tosses on three more well-treaded CS maps: Nuke, Cobblestone, and Inferno.
de_nuke
Situation: Smoking off big garage as Terrorists
Situation: Flashing bombsite A from the roof overlooking Terrorist spawn
Situation: From lobby, flashing B ramp as Terrorists to initiate a push
de_inferno
Situation: Smoking off CT spawn in order to attack bombsite B
Situation: Defending B and banana as CT, deciding where to smoke
Situation: As a Terrorist, checking baby room (aka 'dark') near mid for a camping CT
de_cobblestone
Situation: As CT, smoking off B main from CT spawn
Situation: Dropping through skyfall as Terrorists to take bombsite B
Situation: Smoking off highway to initiate a B main push as the terrorists
PC Gamer Pro is a new channel dedicated to esports and competitive gaming. Check back every day for exciting, fun and informative articles about League of Legends, Dota 2, Hearthstone, CS:GO and more. GL HF!
We have previously profiled the "holy grail" gas deal between Russia and China on several occasions, and with its announcement scheduled for next week (barring some unmitigated disaster) during Putin's first visit to China since Xi's appointment as president last March, it is time to do a status update on where it stands even if according to SCMP, at this point finding the "holy grail" is merely a formality.
The Hong Kong publication reports that China and Russia hope to sign a massive deal for natural gas supply when their leaders meet in a regional summit in Shanghai next week, a senior diplomat has said. Under the deal, Russia will supply 38 billion cubic metres of natural gas annually to China for 30 years. Deputy Foreign Minister Cheng Guoping told reporters yesterday that President Xi Jinping would discuss the deal and other points of co-operation with his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, who will visit Shanghai on Tuesday.
Russian Deputy Energy Minister Anatoly Yanovsky said on Monday that the deal was "98 per cent ready". Supply would begin no later than the end of 2018.
Indicating just how important China now is to Russia, Bloomberg adds that traveling with Putin will be the who-is-who of Russian politics and business:
Gazprom CEO Alexey Miller also in delegation as Russian President Vladimir Putin visits China on May 20-21, Yuri Ushakov, Kremlin foreign policy aide, tells reporters in Moscow.
Ushakov also says that Russia-China trade may reach $100b as early as this year.
Gazprom working on China gas deal, Rosneft working onSinopec deal, Novatek working on deal
China-Russia talks demand compromises on both sides
Worsening relations with U.S. and allies "clearly to some degree influence" China talks
Billionaire Oleg Deripaska also traveling to China
As reported previously, the deal is between Russia's Gazprom and China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC), but the two sides have yet to agree on pricing despite more than a decade of negotiations. Xi will meet Putin on the sidelines of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia, to be attended by 46 nations and agencies.
"The companies of the two nations are exchanging views on the pricing issue," Cheng said. "We will strive to get the companies to sign the natural gas co-operation deal and [have it] witnessed by both state leaders while Putin is in China."
Cheng said Xi and Putin reached a consensus over natural gas co-operation when Xi attended the Sochi Winter Olympics in February. Companies of both nations have reached agreement on many aspects of the deal.
More:
Russian business daily Vedomosti reported last month that the companies were negotiating a price in the range of US$360 to US$400 per 1,000 cubic metres. Gazprom chief executive officer Alexey Miller said last year that the supply could be boosted to 60 billion cubic metres a year over the period of the contract. The gas would be supplied via two pipelines entering northeast and northwest China. Russia has been trying to diversify its energy export base beyond the European market, where Gazprom generates about 80 per cent of its revenue. China relied on imports for nearly a third of its natural gas needs, Xinhua said. It imported 53 billion cubic metres of natural gas last year, according to the China National Petroleum Corporation. Putin's visit will be his first to China since Xi was named president in March last year.
Quid pro quo: "Observers expect both leaders to take a united stand on major international issues, and Putin may seek China's support on Russia's dealings with Ukraine."
And also on the dollar as we reported in "Russia Holds "De-Dollarization Meeting": China, Iran Willing To Drop USD From Bilateral Trade." In which case expects random Chinese space rockets to mysteriously explode during take off too.
California Games II
This game is a classic. I remember playing this a lot when I was younger; usually I invited some friends over and we had a tournament going, because this game (like Summer Games and Winter Games) offered you a chance to compete in tournaments with your friends. Seven players is the maximum limit, though. You may choose a single event or play them all, which can make the tournament both fun and time-consuming.
I should also point out that the graphics are much better than those shown in the screenshots. The resolution turned out like that because I had to watch the size. To quote the game-box, they are “Graphics that make you feel like you're there”. As for the sound, it is what you would expect from a game that was made so many years ago.
California Games II offers five different disciplines for you to master: bodyboarding, snowboarding, jet surfing, hang gliding and skateboarding. Each of them is challenging, but the hardest of them all is skateboarding. You don't believe me? Try it…
As for the different disciplines, here is a brief description:
Bodyboarding: You must try to barrel-roll off the lip of a wave. This is not as easy as it may sound; a lot of training is needed to pull it off.
Snowboarding: Pilot a chopper to the top of the mountain and parachute down onto the snow-slopes. This is a three-part mission. First, you must find your way down the top part of the course, then you show off your skills in the snow bowl, and finally you must complete the lower obstacle course.
Jet Surfing: Choose one of four surf jets and drive around the buoys or catch a jump off one of the many ramps.
Hang Gliding: Basically you throw yourself off a cliff and try to hit three targets in the water with five waterballoons - and of course you must also land the glider afterwards.
Skateboarding: Go wild with your skateboard in the meanest aqueduct in the world. If you are able to survive this track the first time you play it, then I salute you. This discipline requires a lot of training!
So? What are you waiting for?
Show us your stuff!
Accelerating clean energy and climate goals in California have policymakers thinking in unprecedented ways about how to manage the state's power system.
California's utilities already face a 50% renewable energy mandate to hit by 2030, and now lawmakers are debating even more ambitious targets.
A pending bill in the state Assembly would institute a 60% renewables mandate by 2030, a 40% emissions reduction, and set a 100% renewable energy target for state planning purposes. It's already been passed by the Senate.
But California's grid operator, the California Independent System Operator (CAISO), says the state faces a complicated energy trilemma in reaching those goals: Renewables over-generation, excess natural gas capacity, and a potential shortfall of flexible generation.
Policymakers are just beginning to understand how to deal with it.
“We're not going to be able to achieve our long term carbon reduction goals without reducing natural gas,” said Laura Wisland, senior energy analyst at the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS). “We will have to replace a lot of the natural gas generation that provides energy and reliability services with non-carbon resources like renewables, energy storage, load shifting, and targeted energy efficiency.”
Today's system is much different than Wisland's vision. Natural gas generation was 53.8% of the CAISO installed power mix in April. Renewables were 29% of the mix, with solar providing 14% of demand and wind 8.5%. CAISO forecasts natural gas generation will serve 61% of the state's peak demand this summer, with 13.7% to come from solar and 2.5% from wind.
Jan Smutny-Jones, CEO of the generator trade group Independent Energy Producers Association, said California must move “in a rational way” toward its goals.
Natural gas will not “abruptly disappear” because “that would be very bad for reliability and affordability,” he said. And more gas capacity could even be added through “peaking facilities that specifically address local reliability requirements.”
Robert Laffoon-Villegas, spokesperson for utility Southern California Edison, summed up the situation.
“As renewables become a bigger factor, California will need less natural gas,” he said. But, for now, it provides “critical support to the electric grid.”
All that means California needs “a plan for the orderly phase out of natural gas generation,” said David Olsen, a member of the CAISO Board of Governors. Without it, stakeholders, especially those in the natural gas industry, “are confused.”
California's energy stakeholders — including utilities, regulators, the system operator and vendors — must work together to develop that plan, Olsen said. It must include “a mechanism for maintaining the financial viability of the owners of natural gas plants,” because the state continues to need them.
But stakeholders also have to figure out “how to get to a very low carbon system,” Olsen added. “That will require a lot more resource diversity, including more renewables. And demand side resources will be a very big part of the mix.”
As California's energy community works through those questions, their plans could well provide a model for other states as they look to deep decarbonization.
How much gas is too much?
Recent headlines raise questions about California's natural gas dependence.
When the Aliso Canyon natural gas storage facility went offline in late 2015, it “dramatized the insecurity of relying on natural gas,” Olsen said. A leak in the facility outside Los Angeles put fuel supplies for gas generators at risk, leading regulators to approve expedited battery deployments, push customer-sited efficiency, and allow some gas plants to burn diesel during peak hours.
Security problems, liability problems, and emissions problems “have always been there” in the gas system, Olsen said, “and the state has chosen to ignore them.”
In 2016 two large natural gas plants declared bankruptcy in California — the 578 MW Sutter Energy Center and the 1,200 MW La Paloma plant — because they could not make sufficient revenues in the CAISO wholesale markets.
Other markets have issued warning signs for gas generators as well. In May, Panda Temple Power's 758 MW Texas natural gas plant declared bankruptcy. It reflected a continuing downward trend in natural gas asset value. According to UBS, Calpine's 432 MW Bosque plant sold for $528/kW in the ERCOT market in 2012. In 2015, Energy Future Holdings sold two plants with a total capacity of 637 MW for only $440/kW.
GenOn Energy, recently purchased by NRG Energy in 2012 for an estimated $1.7 billion, just filed for bankruptcy with debt of $1.8 billion. Its 15 GW of generating capacity is 61% natural gas-fired. Independent power producers and power market experts across the country say a natural gas capacity glut is likely to drive further plant shutterings.
Already, some in California appear to be recognizing the risks of an over-reliance on gas. This month, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power announced it will reconsider a $2.2 billion natural gas investment plan, and prioritize “renewable resources to meet demand.”
LADWP's reversal followed a major Los Angeles Times investigation of California generation. It found the state will have the capacity to generate “at least 21% more electricity than it needs by 2020.” That over-capacity costs utility customers $6.8 billion more for power than they paid in 2008, when they used 2.6% more electricity, the Times reported.
California's residential electricity rate now averages $0.154/kWh, up 12% since 2008. The U.S. rate averages $0.104/kWh, down 3% in the same period.
The system was overbuilt to protect reliability, California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) President Michael Picker told the Times. The required operating reserve margin is 15%. CAISO's summer 2017 forecast puts its reserve margin at 19.5%.
"4,000 MW to 6,000 MW of gas plants are at significant risk of early economic retirement" in California. Jim Caldwell Senior Consultant, CEERT
In testimony to the California Energy Commission (CEC), Jim Caldwell, senior technical consultant at the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies (CEERT) illustrated the issue. Citing what he said was a conservative estimate from a CAISO study, he told regulators the state has as much as 9,000 MW of unneeded natural gas capacity.
Because those 9,000 MW are not needed for energy or capacity, the resources are not eligible for the state's Resource Adequacy (RA) program, Caldwell wrote. “Since prices in the energy market are projected to decline as zero marginal cost renewables make up a growing share of the energy supply, 4,000 MW to 6,000 MW of gas plants are at significant risk of early economic retirement.”
“The California fleet is undergoing massive reorganization,” Caldwell told Utility Dive in an interview. “In the last year, about 1,600 MW of relatively new gas plants, less than 10 years old, have shuttered or are about to, including Sutter, La Paloma, and two eight-year-old 50 MW peaking plants.”
“There's more to come,” Caldwell said. “It's time to start executing a new plan.”
The writing on the wall is clear to two of the state's dominant electricity suppliers. San Diego Gas and Electric Spokesperson Colleen Windsor said natural gas generation is now “essential.” But the utility sees “a future where renewable energy, energy storage, and natural gas work in a supportive manner to reduce emissions while enhancing reliability.”
SCE's Laffoon-Villegas agreed. The utility “supports further investigation and market enhancements to ensure that needed gas-fired generation resources are able to continue to safely and reliably operate,” he said. But “as California increases its reliance on non-GHG emitting resources, there will be less reliance on gas-fired generation.”
CEERT's Caldwell said it more succinctly. “If there are four gas guys in a room today, half of them are going to be gone in 15 years.”
Caldwell has been studying potential strategies to draw down California's gas dependence for two years.
“The question is ‘how do we reduce emissions?'" he said. The answer is, ‘it depends on how the gas fleet is run.' California needs quick-start, sure-start facilities, in the right location.”
Solutions great and small
Ralph Cavanagh, energy program co-director at the Natural Resources Defense Council, believes the best and simplest solution, across all the states in the West, is to expand the CAISO system.
Turning the 38 separate balancing authorities of the U.S. Western Interconnection “into one integrated efficient marketplace is the most important single thing we can do,” Cavanagh said. Then “it becomes a matter of market economics and it would be a much bigger and more diverse marketplace."
Such a marketplace would allow the balance of supply and demand across the West. That would improve grid reliability, minimize curtailments, smooth renewables variability, and drive GHG reductions, according to a recently-released Yale Environmental Protection Clinic paper.
UCS's Wisland agreed. “Establishing a regional grid is one of the most important tools that we can use to reduce our reliance on natural gas over the long term.”
V. John White, executive director at CEERT also agreed that the “first and best answer” is a western regional grid. But the initiative to make it happen has stalled for political reasons that have little to do with the value of the concept, he said.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) put CAISO expansion on hold last summer amid concerns about governance over the expanded grid operator. CAISO's Energy Imbalance Market, which allows power trading with surrounding balancing authorities, continues to expand, but full-fledged expansion talks are still stalled.
Meanwhile, “California can get more for less by replacing natural gas," White said. “But it has to face this other set of problems about reliability.”
The future of the natural gas industry depends on it becoming “a compelling part of the flexibility solutions the system needs,” White said. “It has always been the least-cost baseload generation but the system does not need baseload generation anymore — it needs flexibility and reduced emissions.”
Policymakers have begun working on how natural gas plant owners can be compensated “for the things the system still needs,” White said.
CAISO's Olsen expanded on the concept. It is a priority to eliminate slow-starting natural gas plants that must be kept idling all day to be ready for the late afternoon ramp, he said. But some may be replaced with combustion turbines that do not need to be kept idling and do not contribute to emissions and over-generation.
IEPA's Smutny-Jones said existing turbines can be retrofitted to Olsen's standards if policymakers extend the term of California's resource adequacy contracts for providing local reliability.
“Retrofits may require $10 million to $15 million,” Smutny-Jones said. “It's very difficult to recover all of that in one year, so we're pushing for a multi-year contract.”
Regulators are beginning to see the trend and realize that “owners of plants that do not make money will eventually do the economically rational thing, which is to shut them down,” he said.
UCS's Wisland wants a balanced policy to ensure reliability. “Natural gas plants provide the flexibility we have depended on,” she said. “But we need a fine-tuned understanding of the services the grid needs and then clear market signals that create markets for technologies that provide them."
Smutny-Jones said a longer-term RA contract meets Wisland's standard. Natural gas plants, storage applications, or demand response could also win such a contract, he said. “It is a clear signal so that all types of resources can participate.”
Olsen said longer-term RA contracts may be part of the solution. But “for California to get to a low or no carbon grid, flexible demand is likely to be as important as flexible supply.”
To drive the growth of flexible demand, “there needs to be a way to pay demand instead of paying natural gas generation,” Olsen said. That policy would match load to when renewables generate and minimize the need for RA, he added.
FERC Order 745 ruled that rates cannot be just and reasonable if supply and demand side resources are not paid equitably, Olsen said. But the principle still needs to be more fully incorporated into procurement practices.
With that implemented, new technologies could offer a way to meet local reliability needs where natural gas plants were traditionally built, Olsen said. Competitively-priced distributed solar and battery energy storage on a more decentralized grid equipped with synchronous condensers and smart inverters could meet reliability needs without new natural gas generation, he said.
A study now being done by CAISO staff could determine whether the CEC will issue permits for the Puente natural gas plant that SCE wants to build to meet local reliability needs, he said. The study will show state regulators and policymakers whether SCE can meet local reliability needs at the same or a lower cost with new technologies.
CEERT's Caldwell said California will not get to its emissions reduction goals if natural gas remains its grid's “first line of flexibility.” He endorsed the CAISO push for planning to avoid ending up with “the wrong plants retired and the wrong plants in the wrong place with the wrong characteristics.”
Most stakeholders agree that “a multi-year RA contract for the right plants with the right attributes in the right locations is needed,” he said. But that is only part of the solution. “The system we have isn't working for anybody and we could end up with an unreliable system that is too expensive and doesn't reduce emissions enough.”
California needs a proactive planning process that begins with stakeholders and turns its integrated resource planning (IRP) proceeding “upside down," Caldwell said.
It also needs a new approach to natural gas that makes room for the emerging technologies, he added. “And we need to reward the natural gas plants that start quickly and start reliably when they are needed.”
