Nirvana Jennette, a mom of four from Camden County, Georgia says she was forced out of church for breastfeeding her baby. Church leaders asked her to breastfeed in the bathroom and implied they could have arrested her for “lewd behavior.” The most egregious statement? She told news station WSAV that her pastor compared her breastfeeding to a stripper performing.
According to Fox 30 WAWS, although Georgia state law allows a mother to nurse her child anywhere, Jennette could face public indecency charges. She wants her message to be heard loud and clear -- breastfeeding is natural and moms who want to feed their children in public should be protected. To that end, she's decided to stage a nurse-in and is seeking to establish legislative change for the State of Georgia.
(This story has been updated. Scroll down for new information.)
On March 5th, Jennette will stage the "Georgia Statewide Nurse-In" at the Woodbine Courthouse and is calling for moms and supporters to join her via Facebook. Nurse-in protests are becoming much more common -- recently, moms breastfed in front of Facebook's headquarters after nursing photos were wrongfully removed from the social network. And after mom, Michelle Hickman, was shamed for breastfeeding at a Target store, she organized a nationwide nurse-in that took place in several retail locations.
The Georgia Statewide Nurse-In, aims not only to spread awareness and support for breastfeeding moms, but to change the law. As Jennette writes in her petition letter:
Currently Georgia state law allows a mother to nurse her child anywhere that mother and child have permission to be, but there is no enforcement provision. A law without enforcement protects no one. New legislation would provide for civil action against anyone subjecting a nursing mother to harassment or discrimination in violation of the current state breastfeeding law, as well as protection from all indecent exposure laws.
She insists that the law be changed and says, "We will not stop until they are."
According to Jennette's Facebook page, her cause has even been recognized by Oprah. When the queen of daytime television was in Georgia for Lovetown, USA, (a TV show on the OWN network) she was photographed holding the Georgia Statewide Nurse-In flyer.
UPDATE:
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is probably the best thing to come out of Japan since the Super Famicom. If you're not familiar with the series, it's a fun, completely over-the-top manga series created by Hirohiko Araki, a man who literally doesn't age. JoJo's is a series that spans multiple decades, mostly revolving around buff men posing at each other until one of them dies.
While that may sound, well, bizarre, I can safely say that it's the greatest thing ever. One of the best parts about the JoJo's franchise is that it has seen many video games over the years, and they are all fantastic. Even the most recent release of All Star Battle, which had somewhat sub-par fighting, was still an amazing game that I would go back to every few weeks to play.
Thankfully, the newest release in the JoJo's franchise is just as good as its predecessors, if not better!
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven is a multi-character brawler that takes place across all eight arcs of JoJo's. It was developed by CyberConnect2, (All Star Battle, the Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm games) and published by Bandai Namco. Eyes of Heaven is the ultimate JoJo's fanservice game, boasting a cast of 50 total playable characters, by far the largest roster to date.
Eyes of Heaven tells a completely new ‘what if' story, which begins at the end of the Stardust Crusaders arc. Jean Pierre Polnareff (called Jean Pierre in the west due to copyright issues) neglects to get on a plane and return to France, instead bumps into his dead companions–who, for one reason or another, want to kill him.
From there the player travels through time on a wacky adventure, fighting friends, allies, and enemies alike. You must bolster your numbers before you go and fight the Noble One, a villain whose followers treat him like a god. While the story is very silly and at times makes little sense, it's also extremely entertaining to play through.
The biggest highlight of Eyes of Heaven is its attention to detail. It feels like the developers who worked on it really have a love for the series, and they made sure to remember the smaller details, and even add in sections that are just pure fan service.
A good example of this is a story mode sequence that features Jotaro Kujo running into a man named Darby, a gambler-turned-villain that Jotaro had beaten during the Stardust Crusaders arc of the manga. Instead of Jotaro just beating the man to a pulp, he sits down and plays a game of poker with Darby to win a bet. It's this sort of small things that make Eyes of Heaven so enjoyable to play.
As I mentioned earlier, the game has 50 playable characters, each with their own abilities, strengths, and weaknesses. Since the game covers everything from part 1 to 8, you can see how character powers evolve and change as well. They are all properly represented in the game to boot: Vampires, Hamon users, Stand users, and Spin users all exist within Eyes of Heaven, and each have their own style of play.
Oh, and there's Stroheim, the super Nazi general who's also half robot. I don't know where he fits on that scale, but he's there to show you that German science is the greatest in the world.
Eyes of Heaven also contains a massive amount of unlockable content, such as various costumes and voice lines. Each can be earned, found, or bought with in-game currency gained by winning battles. If you're a perfectionist like I am, you will be grinding out those JoJo dollars to buy every little piece of content you can get your hands on.
Honestly, I could gush about how great of a JoJo's game Eyes of Heaven is for hours, but there are definitely some downsides to the game too. If I wasn't a fan of the series, I feel like this game's combat would turn me off instantly. Battles usually take place in two versus two fights. You select which character you will play, and your AI ally controls the other. You then fight in an open map against your opponents.
As I finished the game's story mode, it rarely felt like I was doing anything more than mashing buttons, and while I did figure out how to do better combos later on, it never felt like they were necessary. Brawlers are fun, but I've yet to play one that didn't feel like a button mash fest. I simply couldn't recommend this game to you if you aren't already a fan of the series.
However, if you are a fan of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, then Eyes of Heaven is the game for you. Sure the gameplay may not be the best, but there are already plenty of solid fighting games on the PlayStation 4. This is the only JoJo's game, and I have to say, it's the best one yet.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven was reviewed on the PlayStation 4 using a digital copy provided by Bandai Namco. You can find additional information about Niche Gamer's review/ethics policy here.
The Verdict: 8
The Good:
Visually appealing–while it may not look like a current-gen game, the art style of JoJo's has been perfectly brought to life in 3D.
The game is stuffed with content: unlockable costumes, poses, voice lines–all can be found or bought within the game.
A new ‘what if' story that was extremely enjoyable to play through.
Playing poker with Darby is probably the best example of good fanservice in a video game I've ever seen.
The Bad:
PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP Uber is going to start delivering lunch and dinner to customers in Barcelona. It announced the new "UberEATS" service on Thursday.
Uber says UberEATS has teamed up with the best local restaurants in the city to bring a "changing selection of lunch and dinner meals that you can receive in under 10 minutes." The company explains that it's working with a Spanish food guide called "Plateselector" to roll out the superfast service, though at the moment it's only available in Barcelona and is at the trial stage.
It shows the enormous potential of Uber, which is now one of the most valued tech startups in the world.
UberEATS is going to be launched in Barcelona just before thousands of technology journalists and tech workers descend upon the city for the Mobile World Congress conference at the start of March.
"In the same time it takes you to walk up Las Ramblas you can open up your Uber app, choose your meal and get it delivered to an address of your choice," Uber writes. Uber
To order food through Uber, users simply enter a separate section of the app by way of an UberEATS icon, enter a delivery location, and choose a meal from the menu. A driver collects the food and drives it over. It's all paid for through Uber and the menu changes daily.
Restaurants appear to be happy with the news, as it means they can reach new customers. "I am very happy to be collaborating with a business like Uber. With the UberEATS platform, I am creating opportunities to grow and reach new customers, so more people can know about Surf House Barcelona," Alex Knoepfel, Surf House Barcelona owner, comments on the blog.
Uber compares its food delivery option to UberRUSH, the company's on-demand delivery product that covers "logistical needs reliably and without complicated and costly delivery arrangements." And it's not the first time Uber has brought out food delivery. It launched the platform as UberFRESH in Los Angeles last year.
Prof Green is a founder of the well-known string theory
Cambridge University has named the man who will succeed Professor Stephen Hawking in one of the world's most prestigious academic positions.
The celebrated physicist, who has motor neurone disease, completed his last day as Lucasian Professor of Mathematics on 30 September.
The university said Professor Michael Green had been elected as the 18th person to take up the position.
Professor Green will start work in his new role on 1 November.
The academic already holds the John Humphrey Plummer Professorship of Theoretical Physics at the university.
'Internationally known'
He is a pioneer of string theory, the idea that the fundamental building blocks of space and time are tiny vibrating strings.
Peter Haynes, head of the department of applied mathematics and theoretical physics, said: "Michael Green has played a leading role in theoretical physics research in the department since 1993.
"He is internationally known as a pioneer in string theory which over the last 20 years has become one of the most important and active areas of theoretical physics."
Professor Hawking has taken on a new role as director of research.
The Lucasian Professorship was established in 1663 and previous holders have included Isaac Newton.
Computer science students from all over the country may soon be able to get a Georgia Tech degree without stepping foot on campus.
Photo by John Tlumacki/Boston Globe via Getty Images
Georgia Institute of Technology is about to take a step that could set off a broad disruption in higher education: It's offering a new master's degree in computer science, delivered through a series of massive open online courses, or MOOCs, for $6,600.
The school's traditional on-campus computer science master's degree costs about $45,000 in tuition alone for out-of-state students (the majority) and $21,000 for Georgia residents. But in a few years, Georgia Tech believes that thousands of students from all over the world will enroll in the new program.
The $6,600 master's degree marks an attempt to realize the tantalizing promise of the MOOC movement: a great education, scaled up to the point where it can be delivered for a rock-bottom price. Until now, the nation's top universities have adopted a polite but distant approach toward MOOCs. The likes of Yale, Harvard, and Stanford have put many of their classes online for anyone to take, and for free. But there is no degree to be had, even for those who ace the courses. Education writer and consultant Tony Bates recently noted that until top institutions begin putting a diploma behind their MOOCs, “we have to believe that they think that this is a second class form of education suitable only for the unwashed masses.”
While many universities now offer online degree programs (which don't have the massive numbers of students as MOOCs), they are almost always priced at the level of their traditional on-campus programs. George Washington University's online MBA Healthcare degree, for example, costs the same $1,485 per unit (52.5 units gets you to the finish line) as the standard program. The reasons for this are many, but perhaps the most important is that universities are terrified of debasing the value of their diplomas.
Drop the price of the online degree, the logic goes, and you could have a Napster-like moment sweeping college campuses. Revenues spiral down as degree programs are forced to compete on tuition. That's a terrifying prospect for universities, which have depended on steadily rising tuition—growing at more than twice the rate of inflation—to cover costs.
Georgia Tech's new program, though, throws a monkey wrench into the system by reordering the competitive landscape. U.S. News & World Report ranks the computer science department among the nation's top 10. The new degree—which is a partnership with MOOC pioneer Udacity—is intended to carry the same weight and prestige as the one it awards students in its regular on-campus program.
John Backus, the chief executive of Atlantic Ventures, which invests in a number of higher-education companies, asks: “Why would you go to XYZ college, pay three to four times the amount, when you can get a master's degree more cheaply and from a better school?”
Across town from Georgia Tech, Emory University, with a less prestigious computer science department, offers a master's degree for around $40,000 in tuition. Plenty of other mid-tier schools also could find themselves struggling to justify their high sticker price. A year of tuition at Boston University's graduate school costs in excess of $43,000; Washington University in St. Louis is $44,000. Living expenses and other fees can drive those figures up even more. At most programs, Georgia Tech's included, a few master's students get teaching or research fellowships, but financial aid opportunities are usually hard to come by. Many master's students finance their tuition by taking on debt.
There are still a lot of questions about whether an online program with thousands of students can measure up to a campus-based program that enrolls about 130. Chip Paucek is the founder of 2U, a firm that provides online course platforms to universities, such as Georgetown University's Master of Nursing program. He insists that even with an online program, you can't just add students without compromising quality. “Nearly 1,000 students receive live training each week in classes of 10–15 students,” he says, adding, “Could we reduce the cost of instruction by doubling or tripling the size of the live classes? Sure. But we are confident that doing so would undercut the learning experience.”
Even Zvi Galil, the head of Georgia Tech's school of computing who is launching the new program, is wary. “This is uncharted territory,” he says. But, he warns, if Georgia Tech doesn't do this someone else might come along and do it first—grabbing the notoriety, the students, and the revenue. “There is a revolution. I want to lead it, not follow it,” he says.
The idea for the program first came about last fall when Udacity founder Sebastian Thrun met up with Galil, and, with typical Silicon Valley swagger, proposed creating an online master's program for $1,000.* The pair got to work on it. Both Thrun and Galil recite the well-worn MOOC talking points. “How can we reach people we can't reach today?” asks Thrun. “Online is one way. Price is another.” They also say that offering a computer science degree on a massive scale can help alleviate the demand for talent in the job market.
Currently, Georgia Tech receives about 1,400 applications for its computer science master's program and accepts less than 15 percent. Galil insists that more than half of the applicants, however, could actually handle the work. He says there is no reason why the online program, by its third year, shouldn't be able to admit all the applicants who meet the minimum standards. Many applicants are from overseas. With the new MOOC-style program, hurdles such as obtaining student visas melt away.
As currently configured, MOOCs have plenty of failings. According to one recent study, the completion rate is generally under 10 percent. Cheating can be rampant. Neither of those would do for a program that costs money and delivers a prestigious degree. So Thrun and Galil began building what they call “MOOC 2.0.” That means baking in a lot of human oversight and interaction into the system. It includes student advising, some tutoring, and even the hectoring to turn in homework on time that happens in a traditional course.
However, another consequence of Georgia Tech's exercise is to lift the kimono on the crude math that universities use to figure out what to charge. (The site Inside Higher Ed obtained documents that outline the cost breakdown and did an analysis.) A $2 million initial gift from AT&T—which plans to enroll some of its employees—helped defray the start-up costs. That means that even with the bargain-basement tuition, both Georgia Tech and Udacity expect to split a modest surplus of $240,000 from year one.
As the program scales up, the costs increase, but the anticipated revenues grow faster. By the third year enrollment is estimated to hit more than 2,000, more master's students than the department has graduated in the past 20 years. That year, costs are projected to be $14.3 million, revenues $19.1 million.
Georgia Tech's current on-campus program also brings in revenue that exceeds its costs, though the university says it is difficult to put a hard figure on how much. In recent years, universities across the county have rolled out new master's programs—particularly in subjects that are required for state licenses, such as teaching or psychology. Often, these turn out to be cash cows because of the high tuition and low levels of university financial aid. But Georgia Tech's MOOC master's, with its ability to scale up dramatically, could potentially dwarf the returns the university has seen previously.
“It's a complicated formula,” says Thrun. “The bulk of the costs are the face-time. The platform itself is the cheapest component.”
Some of those costs have big implications for the campus pecking order: The plan calls for hiring course assistants who aren't drawn from the ranks of graduate students. Instead, they will be people with some expertise in the subject matter. Galil said that some could even be recent graduates of the online program; others might not have master's degrees.
As Georgia Tech moves ahead, one of the first casualties may be the university's own on-campus computer science master's program. Charging an out-of-state student $45,000 to show up to class on time might be a tough sell when the same degree can be had for a fraction of the cost.
Galil guesses that some students might be willing to pay extra for the in-person contact or the chance to connect with corporate recruiters visiting campus. But he assumes that many others won't. The on-campus program could shrink, he says, but adds, “So what?”
Correction, July 23, 2013: This article previously misspelled the surname of Sebastian Thrun. (Return.)
Mei Qi & Xuan Yi of WJSN are actually married lesbian Chinese billionaires, says Internet
WJSN members Mei Qi and Xuan Yi are not only K-pop stars, but are also lesbian Chinese billionaires who recently got married and are now the richest couple alive.
[BREAKING] Lesbian Chinese Billionaires, Meng Mei Qi and Wu Xuan Yi, marry. Making them the richest couple alive. pic.twitter.com/IEoMunC6s4 — abby (@merrymeiqi) April 26, 2017
Now perhaps you're saying to yourself “That's not true!” but behold the 15,000 retweets and 25,000 likes!
75,000 notes? Oh hells yeah.
Anything with that much support can't be false.
I welcome their rule. https://t.co/AUZb1ftohe — Jenny Yang 👲👲👲 (@jennyyangtv) April 27, 2017
LOL Ujung really did that! pic.twitter.com/fpMbZrfx7k — Now, Us (@Ainaa_Syana) April 28, 2017
Get Bill Gates and Melinda Gates the fuck outta there. They've been dethroned.
—–
Update
Thank you to WJSN and their fans for this.
Vic Mensa may not be at the level of stardom he'd tell you he deserved yet, but that doesn't mean he lacks the respect of his peers. The Chicago native didn't get signed to Jay-Z's Roc Nation by accident, and over the last couple years, he has even found himself working on music with the city's top dog.
Most Kanye fans are aware of Mensa's contribution to "Wolves," a cut from The Life of Pablo, but in a recent interview with Peter Rosenberg, Mensa dished on what it's like to be in the studio while Kanye is at work making music. He clearly digs the process, and says a lot of Kanye's music is created by taking the best bits and pieces from the people around him at the time.
"I really started working with Kanye after freestyling with him in the studio, we were just putting bars together and he liked the ideas I had. So I started coming around and working on writing for things in the super early stage of Pablo," said Mensa. "I think it's dope the way Kanye puts things together. Freestyle is the basis of rap for me, that's where it all started for me, that's like the essence of it... The way that Kanye kinda just like, is always having everybody input their ideas, whatever they're feeling that day, is fresh."
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Though that sort of makes it sound like Kanye is leaning too heavily on ghostwriting, Mensa insists this isn't the case. At the end of the day, the star of the show is Kanye, and Mensa said that's always clear when you go through the creative process of a song with him.
"Make no mistake, Kanye is the centerpiece and the important ingredient of writing any Kanye song. He's the most important ingredient at all times," said Mensa. "Sometimes, as they do, people use that to try and maybe attack his lyrical ability, and I just want to set the record straight, that Kanye is the most important part of writing a Kanye song. That's just the truth. Things that he comes up with, when nobody puts any lines in, are the dopest ones."
Mensa is right that there are plenty of critics who dismiss Kanye's pen game, but that's sort of missing the point of why people like him at all. Kanye has been so influential as a producer that he could have never rapped a single bar and still would have driven hip-hop forward by leaps and bounds. His peers recognize this, and even if Kanye isn't dropping knowledge on the level of André 3000 or 2Pac, he's definitely bringing something unique to the table.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
If you have most of an hour to kill, you can watch the full interview with Rosenberg up top, or alternatively, you can watch Mensa discuss his relationship with Kanye starting around the 11:35 mark.
The Lego Ninjago Movie is now screening.
Jackie Chan offers up a startling confession soon after he sits down for a chat.
"I am Australian," Chan, the legendary 63-year-old Hong Kong-born martial arts star, told AAP last weekend while promoting his new animated family-comedy film, The Lego Ninjago Movie.
It's the first of numerous startling insights into Chan's little-known and influential years growing up in Canberra and the long connection his parents, Charles and Lee-Lee Chan, have with Australia.
GETTY IMAGES Jackie Chan joined his parents in Australia when he was a teenager.
Both were buried in Canberra.
READ MORE:
* The Lego Ninjago Movie
* Jackie Chan 'finally' wins an Oscar
* One of New Zealand's most admired men
Known worldwide as "Jackie Chan" after making more than 100 Hollywood and Asian films including the Police Story and Rush Hour franchises, Shanghai Noon and The Tuxedo, Chan has had a few different names - several from his time in Australia.
MARIO ANZUONI/REUTERS Jackie Chan at the photo call for The LEGO Ninjago Movie.
If it wasn't for Australia the world would not know him as Jackie.
When he attended the ACT's Dickson College he was known as "Steve".
Around the US Embassy in Canberra where his parents worked he was known as Pao.
"When I go to try to learn English at school they call me Steve," Chan said.
"I tried to find a job. A guy said 'What's your English name?' and I said 'I don't have one'.
"My friend was a driver for the embassy. His name was Jack so it was, 'Ok, call him Jack'.
Oh yeah.
Chan offered another interesting tidbit - his dad was a spy.
Chan Sr was hiding out at the US Embassy in Canberra because he was a Chinese nationalist agent who originally fled China to Hong Kong to avoid being captured by rival Communists.
"My father was spy hiding in Hong Kong and hiding in Australia at the American embassy for so many years," Chan said.
Chan, however, spent most of his young life estranged from his parents.
While they lived in Canberra he grew up at a Hong Kong boarding school where he trained in martial arts and acrobatics.
It was only in his teens he permanently joined them in Australia.
A son estranged from his dad is a key theme of his new Ninjago movie.
A team of young ninjas battle the evil warlord Gamardon (voiced by Justin Theroux), who repeatedly attempts to invade the ninja's island city of Ninjago.
Garmadon is the estranged father of green ninja, Lloyd (Dave Franco).
The film was made in Sydney by Australian digital studio Animal Logic and Chan shot live action scenes as his character Master Wu in Sydney, and also provided the voice for the same character as a Lego figure.
While in Sydney the workaholic Chan also shot the action film Bleeding Steel, including fight scenes on top of the Sydney Opera House, while working on Lego Ninjago.
"I'm the first person fighting on top of the Opera House," Chan proudly said. "At the same time I'm dubbing the Lego movie. Night time I'm dubbing. Day time I'm filming."
When Chan, as a teenager, left Australia and went to Hong Kong to pursue an acting career he took his Aussie "Jack" name, but extended it to "Jacky".
"Later on when I knew a little bit of English I said , 'Jack, no good, No rhythm'," Chan said. "Then I said, 'OK, I'll put 'y' for Jacky Chan'.
"Then I made movies, but none were a success. The box office was no good. Then I changed to another company, Golden Harvest, and they said 'y is no good. You should change it to ie - Jackie'.
"They changed the posters from 'y' to 'ie' and the movies were a big success."
The Lego Ninjago Movie is at Kiwi cinemas now.
Introduction
Every now and then, an image comes along with complex color schemes that can be daunting to retouch. For such cases, isolating luminosity and color components of the image and tackling each one individually can be helpful.
First, we must define the terms we will be using.
Hue — another word for the specific pigment color, with a scale of a rainbow.
Saturation — the intensity or purity of a hue, with a scale of 100% pure color to grey.
Color — Hue and Saturation combined.
Luminosity — the measurement of brightness, with a scale from white to black.
Luminosity
If you refer to the image below and examine the cube and the lime, you will find that the areas darkened under a shadow to be desaturated whereas the areas facing the light source are significantly more saturated. There is a gradient from saturation to desaturation that correlates with the well lit to shadowed areas, with the exception of catch light which is pure white and therefore desaturated.
If color gels are used in a photo shoot, the difference between a highlight and lowlight color (shadow) can be much more drastic and noticeable.
As a result of excessive Dodging & Burning in the real-world retouching, brightened shadows will often appear desaturated and darkened highlights overly saturated. To fix this problem and to help manage the image, isolating Luminosity from Color and working on the Color first can make things a lot easier. This is usually the point in your workflow after the majority of Dodging and Burning is done.
To better see the area I am working on, I tend to add a temporary Curves Adjustment Layer that I constantly adjust to reveal details that are otherwise more difficult to see. Also, make sure the subject stands out from the foreground as the well-lit areas tend to draw the eye's attention.
Color
In situations when you need to sample an exact color (Hue and Saturation), creating a Color Map (Ref.1 – see the Color column) will help you get the most accurate results.
To do this, first duplicate your flattened image into a new layer.
Set the Blending Mode of this new layer to Color.
Create a new layer between the original and the Color layer. Fill this new layer with 50% gray (or RGB = 128, 128, 128).
Merge layers “Color”, and “50% Grey” together. The resulting layer is the completed a Color Map of your image, which when you need to extract an exact color, is ready for you to sample from.
If you would just like to view the color map temporarily and don't need a flattened copy, then simply make a 50% grey layer over your image, and set to luminosity.
Color Corrections In The Real-World Retouching
When the comes time for color corrections to be made, the best way to achieve natural looking results is by painting with a low Opacity Brush on an empty layer set to the Color Blending Mode. I prefer the results from this technique over others because most of the natural color variations are preserved.
First, make a new layer on top of your file and set the layer mode to “Color”.
Next, sample from extreme points in your image's color range, as sourcing from the image's natural color pallete achieves better results. Here's where you could use a Color Map we just talked about above, if you wanted to sample exact colors.
Then select the Paint Brush tool, set its Opacity to 10%, and paint on the empty color layer.
The following GIF file cycles between:
Image 1: Retouched image original colors
Image 2: Color layer adjustments
Image 3: Retouched image after color corrections are applied
Look closely, as the changes are intentionally minor.
Keep in mind that this technique is meant for slight adjustments only, so use carefully!
Lib Dem civil liberties minister Simon Hughes told Westminster today the British public had got the misleadingly named "Right to be Forgotten" ruling badly wrong – and queried why a report from the BBC's Robert Peston was "top of the pile" when Google began deleting entries from its search results.
Google has since restored the "deletions" it made last week.
Hughes urged Google to remind the public they had no "right" to get data removed just because they asked, and wanted Google to remind people of this. He also said he wanted Google to publish how many delink requests it turned down, in the hope people realised most would be unsuccessful.
However, Hughes said he would put the UK's weight behind moves to draft more Google-friendly legislation currently under discussion in Europe.
Hughes was speaking at the House of Lords' Home Affairs, Health and Education sub-committee session today about the consequences of the European Court of Justice's ruling that Google is not exempt from European data protection legislation.
Thanks to misleading initial reporting - for example by Channel 4 News and the BBC - this had led people to ask for information to be deleted from Google's search results for specific queries simply because they found it a bit embarrassing.
But this was flat out wrong, he told the committee.
"There is no Right given by the Justices for people to have their personal data deleted from search engine results - there is no new right. It was a very focused judgment and the phraseology is actually inaccurate, and gives it an unhelpful gloss," explained Hughes.
What many of the delinking applicants didn't realise, he said, was that the public interest, the right to know, had to be weighed up in any decision, either by Google at the first stage, or ultimately by the Information Tribunal.
"There's a right to request the information is removed - but this is not a right to have the request complied with… there is no 'Right to be Forgotten," said Hughes.
"This doesn't mean people who want a criminal conviction to be deleted are going to be successful; that's clearly unacceptable. And it's not just criminal records - somebody standing for public office who had done something in the past that might be thought to render them inappropriate for public office - there would be a public interest in the public knowing that, if it was factually correct.
"We need to get out the message out that this isn't what people think it should be."
The select committee MPs quizzing Hughes appeared to be as confused as anyone. This was particularly the case since the government (and the UK's information commissioner) support the CJEU ruling but oppose ex-Commissioner Viviane Reding's sweeping "Right To Be Forgotten", a measure that would attempt to see information obliterated from the internet.
Hughes said Reding's vision was not just impractical, but impossible, given the global nature of the internet.
"We think the 'Right To Be Forgotten' is wrong," said Hughes.
However the CJEU's narrow ruling was quite different, he said. It balanced the right to know and meant privacy "is not just the right of the rich and their expensive libel lawyers".
One peer, Lord Faulkner of Worcester, even cited figures for copyright takedown requests culled from Google's Transparency Report - a very large number indeed. (Don't worry. Faulkner also sits on three other Select Committees).
"This is clearly unworkable, isn't it?" he asked.
Breaking the internet
Google wants people to think European judges made a far-reaching decision that "broke the internet". But last week, the UK's Information Commissioner Steve Wood answered the Committee's questions [transcript] and said something similar to Hughes: that the "crisis" was synthetic, and he expected the number of requests to peak as people actually twigged what it was about.
"They have to be geared up to deal with those volumes, but we expect that the volumes will reach a peak as the awareness reaches a high level among members of the public. Over time it will become more routine."
"There will be some work to do to dispel the myths," said Wood.
So what should Google do? Hughes said it should be clearer about what the ruling entitled the citizen to ask for.
"Google should make it clear how many people they are turning down, as well as how many succeed. If people get the impression they are all succeeding, that will encourage others to think they might succeed.
"My plea to Google would be … to share the robust message that something about somebody's record cannot disappear because somebody requests it. The louder they say this, the better."
Hughes reminded peers that if Google declined a de-linking request, it was up to the citizen to appeal. The ICO could then decline it. Only then would a judicial procedure begin.
"I would hope and expect the majority would not be successful."
Hughes also wondered aloud why Google had de-linked to a BBC blog post by Robert Peston, and a selection of newspaper articles last week - which has since resulted in an embarrassing climb-down. A Committee peer wondered if Google's choice of a Robert Peston blog post was accidental.
"I'd better be careful what I say here," chuckled Hughes, who explained he had visited Google 10 days ago, when it had not yet processed a de-linking request.
"Mr Peston appeared to be on the top of Google's pile," he noted.
"That sort of series of events suggested to me that, quite understandably, people want to make sure their positions are known - and that they think the implications of the [CJEU] judgment might be a) extreme and b) it needs to be reined-in as soon as practically possible."
That's a diplomatic way of saying it could have been a PR stunt. Hughes continued:
"The judgment, however, is actually a very limited judgment."
Think of the startups
Hughes fell down in one area - when a peer worried that the CJEU ruling would have a disproportional impact on startups, such as a new search engine "in a garage in Newark".
This is something Google-funded lobby groups, such as one called Coadec, have advanced.
In fact, the CJEU explained its thinking in its ruling: Google has a massive reputational influence, it's ubiquitous in society, and is effectively republishing the same information over and over again. However a search engine with no users does not - and so could not be said to be invading anyone's privacy.
Hughes said he anticipated an increased workload for the ICO but then moving money around to meet demand would not create a crisis, remarking, "[D]iverting money is normal Government business."
He did offer Google a bone, promising to help it as new laws are written. (See our Special Report, here).
Google wants an exemption from EU privacy law - but even its own lawyers admit it doesn't have much of a chance, given the strength of feeling on data protection and privacy issues in Europe - and particularly in Germany.
"Google wants the law changed as quickly possible, and we will collaborate with them to achieve that. But we have to be careful - Google are an important company, but they're not the only company we have to look after," Hughes said. ®
Gearbox is hitting the road! The 2017 Gearbox Doubles Shootout Tour is making nine stops at Life Time Fitnesses around the country. Don't miss the first stop of the month-long tour taking place at Raleigh, NC on Sept. 23rd with a final stop in Dallas, TX on Oct.28th.
The Gearbox Doubles Shootout Tour features a Round Robin format for both weekday and weekend events. A variety of divisions, check in times, and start times are available. All events will be held at Life Time Locations.
The Gearbox Doubles Shootout Tour will be a great way to promote the sport by involving the racquetball community in demos, clinics and shootouts. Gearbox and Life Time Fitness are excited to expand the racquetball presence across the nation.
EVENT DETAILS
DIVISIONS (Participants may sign up for 2 divisions)
Open/Elite Doubles
A/B Doubles
COST
$25 first event
$15 second event
PRIZES
All players playing in the event will receive a FREE Gearbox Hat
Winners will receive a Gearbox Backpack
Second place finishers will receive a pair of Gearbox Eyewear
REGISTRATION
Register the day of the event by 8:30am
or call/text ahead 443-988-3133
REFEREES
All matches will be self reffed
FORMAT
All divisions will be played in a round-robbin format
Top teams will advance to playoff brackets
Games in round robin rounds will be played ONE game to 11 with 2 serves
Games in playoff brackets will be played ONE game to 15 with 2 serves
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jessica has been having nightmares about growing up a man
Last year, the Victoria Derbyshire programme met children going through a period of extraordinary change - but what's happened to two of the UK's youngest transgender children since?
Last May, Lily, seven, went to school wearing a skirt and was called by a girl's name for the first time. She was born a boy, and "skirt day" marked her transition to life as a girl.
It seems both she and her classmates took it in their stride. "When I went to school that day, everyone was saying, 'Hi Lily, you look nice in a skirt'. And I was like 'ooh thanks,'" she says.
"It felt a bit natural, but mostly embarrassing because the tights were making me itch a lot. It stopped becoming embarrassing after a while."
Lily - not her real name - had recently begun dressing as a girl in January 2015. "It feels a bit different but mostly the same because I just get on with it like I did when I was a boy," she says.
Find out more
Watch the Victoria Derbyshire programme on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel. Watch the film about Lily and Jessica here.
Last year's piece about Lily and Jessica can be found here.
Transgender is a term used to describe a person who doesn't identify as the gender that was assigned to them when they were born - they may wish to be seen as a different gender or no gender at all.
The UK's only centre specialising in gender issues in under 18s is the Tavistock and Portman NHS Trust which has clinics in London and Leeds.
In the last year, 167 children aged 10 or under have been referred to clinics, almost double the number the previous year. They include three children aged three. It's something psychologists there put down to society becoming more accepting.
The other young girl we met last January is Jessica - not her real name - who is now nine. Then she had been going to school as a girl for two months.
When she describes her excitement at getting her ears pierced, she sounds like a typical young girl. "I just wanted to look like a girl, I wanted to do it straight away," she says.
But her parents say her life is starting to get a little difficult.
Her mother Ella explains: "It's been a really good year, school's going really well and now she can get her name changed [to Jessica] legally as we have her dad's permission.
"But she's been having nightmares - that she's going to die a man, she's going to have a beard. She's already started requesting [hormone] blockers."
Her stepfather adds: "The thing with kids is they think it's going to happen instantly, that she's going to wake up and that's it, it's going to have happened."
They think hormones may be responsible and say they hoped for another "straightforward year" before the onset of puberty.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lily says her classmates have reacted well to her gender change
Jessica admits she finds it hard when people forget to treat her as a girl. "I get a bit annoyed and angry as I don't like it and I can't control my temper very well," she says.
She says she's looking forward to the day her gender is no longer an issue. "I'm not going to end up being a boy forever, because I will be a girl and I know that. Sometimes it doesn't feel like that though."
Younger transgender children can receive treatment on the NHS, but at that age it takes the form of counselling and support sessions. Medical intervention isn't considered until they approach puberty, when hormone blockers might be offered.
Blockers delay the physical changes associated with puberty, giving the young person longer to decide if they want to live as a man or a woman. At the age of 16 a patient can then take cross-sex hormones, with full surgery only offered after the age of 18. The estimated cost of gender reassignment surgery on the NHS is around £10,000.
Jay Stewart, director of Gendered Intelligence - an organisation that supports young trans people - says it's common to find life more difficult during puberty. He says a combination of social, psychological and physiological support can help.
"Such difficulties don't affect all trans people, but there is a narrative of young people where their bodies are developing in a way that is not welcome.
"Services, such as schools, must be aware that such visible changes that puberty brings can feel stressful because we know that that will have an impact on the way that we are treated in society."
Lily's parents say she appears to be happy and not yet thinking in depth about the future. But it's also been a big year for her family.
Image copyright Lily's parents Image caption Lily's brother says everyone at school is 'fine' with her change
Lily, who had been asking to live as a girl for several years, took control of the pace of change by telling her school she wanted to be known as a girl. "She just ran ahead with it really," her mother Jen says.
The family had numerous meetings with the school to plan the transition. Then on the day she wore a skirt for the first time, Lily's headteacher led the whole school in an assembly focused on accepting differences.
For Jen, it was an emotional time. "It felt like a really important day, an official day where that boy was no more and now we are having a girl."
Lily's nine-year-old brother first noticed she was different when she wanted to buy pink dresses and play with dolls and fairies. But now he says their relationship is "just normal".
They both go to the same primary school - where, he says, everyone is "fine with it now".
"They [other pupils] used to ask me, before we started assembly, 'why does your brother like girls' stuff and things'. And I would say 'because that's how she is'. I'm very proud of what she's gone through, she's doing really well at the moment and no-one's bullying her or anything, so it's fine," he says.
Jessica's home life has seen a big change too.
Her biological parents split up and her mother has been in a relationship with another woman, Alex, since she was a baby. In February 2015, Alex also decided to transition and start living as a man.
"I didn't want to do anything about it until I felt that Jessica and the family were in a more stable place - I thought now was the time I needed to be more true to myself I guess," he explains.
"I've pretty much felt the same as Jessica, but didn't understand or know until I researched what was going on with Jessica. Then, I instantly knew myself."
But the couple do not believe the fact Alex has transitioned shows they have influenced Jessica.
"If it was the other way round and Alex had transitioned first, and then Jessica, then I would think it was an influence," Ella says.
Some people might think this is just a phase, which the children will grow out of. Lily's mother, Jen, says it's hard for people to understand unless they've lived with a child in the same situation.
"This is a medical condition, it's not a choice, it's how they were born. You can hear people who are going through transition at adulthood say that they knew at this early age.
"We're just trying to support our children so they can have longer in their lives being who they want to be," she says.
All names have been changed in this interview. The children, their families and schools gave consent for the interviews to take place.
Tips from Jessica and Lily's parents
Don't panic, you are not alone. Contact Mermaids who can help you get in touch with support networks. Meeting other parents is invaluable To Do research - Gires is a great source of information; watching online videos of trans kids, like "I am Leo", is really helpful Ask your GP for a referral to the NHS Tavistock Gender Identity Service Allow your child to express how they feel and dress in whichever gendered clothes they choose to build self-confidence and to discover who they really are Support, love and accept your child for who they are, and help those around you to understand and accept your child too
For more information and support:
NHS page with general information.
Mermaid gives support for children, young people and their families
Tavistock Centre - the only NHS gender identity centre for under 18s.
The Gender Trust gives support to the over 18s.
Gender Identity Research & Education Centre
Gendered Intelligence gives support to young people.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox
You might have all the intention of beating the deadline, but things may not go your way such that you find that you're left with your coursework up to the last minute. But don't sweat because writing your dissertation in 20 minutes a day is actually doable. Between procrastination, nights out and other deadlines to beat, the time really moves fast. However, the worst thing you can do during this time is to worry. So, keep calm, clean up the sweat and learn how to write your dissertation in 20 minutes a day.
Plan
Failing to plan is actually planning to fail. Maybe you haven't understood this rule up to date but there are a few things you can do before the deadline that will make your frantic dissertation writing easy. Make sure you fuel your body and mind with healthy meals such as porridge so that you can stop that mid-morning slump over your desk.
Be accountable
This is not a very new idea. In fact, it's the idea that most writing groups use. When you know very well that you'll report to a certain group at certain dates, it's hard to put off your writing. It's not that they are judgmental but once you share your struggles, you'll realize that they are very supportive. The simple reason for being accountable is that it will drive you to put in more effort. While it's easy to excuse your failures, it's a bit hard to do this to others.
Spend time indoors and take regular breaks
Make sure you spend the 20 minutes writing indoors and take some short breaks so as to remain productive. For instance, for 20 minutes, ensure that you take a break at an interval of 10 minutes each. Your creative mind always works best when you are away from your workstation. Have you ever wondered why you get some of the best ideas when you are walking outside or in a shower?
Have momentum
In order to make the most of your writing window, it's very important to maximize the 20 minutes. The 20 minutes should only be for getting words into the document and not for tracking down citations of quotes. All these activities can end up eating on your valuable time. If you adopt this strategy, you'll definitely free yourself. However, if you can't do this the best thing to do is to buy dissertation.
Set limits
One of the best things to do is to set a limit on your every day's writing. Apart from writing for 20 minutes, you should set an upper window. You should not write until you are frustrated and stymied. Instead, you should cease while you are still feeling good and writing well. This will then make it simple for you to start writing the following day. When you stop writing while still having ideas resuming the following day will be very simple.
Celebrate your success at the end of each week
One of the best decisions you can ever make is to celebrate what you've achieved. Make sure you have enough fun. Although you might think that you are wasting time, this will inspire you to put in more effort while looking forward to fun days.
Well, that is how to write your dissertation in 20 minutes each day. But if you can't stick to this, you just need to buy a dissertation.
Pulling back the veil
Posted by WasabiOne 3 years ago
Hi everyone. I thought today would be a good day to take a moment and discuss some recent changes to the game. For almost a month, the dev team has been dabbling with combat mechanics. One of them was something we had been considering for some time, player hitboxes. As you can see from the before and after image below, the original hitboxes / hitreg have always been frustrating due ironically, to the precision of the hitboxes. Most games don't have hitboxes that are as precise as NS2, which ran counter to the fast pace of the game. It felt unfair to miss skulks because of matchstick legs, or not be landing hits on a lerk while shooting center of mass.
Our thoughts finally lead us to make the change and deploy it in PlayTesting sessions for some time, but not disclose anything in order to gauge the results and responses. It was very noticeable from the first couple rounds that this change definitely would have a positive effect on marines, especially in combating lerk and fade.
After evaluating and discussing it we decided to release the change with Build 305 and also made the decision to withhold it from the changelog notes. We felt it was important to see what the effect of the change would be absent of any potential placebo effects. After a week in the wild we saw a shift towards Marine wins and lots of comments in forums and in-game that had peopled wondering if something had changed. Turns out they were right! Below is a graph of the effects of the change to win rates and our subsequent changes thereafter.
Another change we had been considering was again, due to a disconnect between what the game communicates versus how the mechanics actually work. Feedback from lots of players of varying experience over the years has indicated a great deal of frustration with the skulk not registering bites when it looks and feels like you are clearly biting what you feel is on target. Thursday we pushed out a change to address this using an Extension to all servers, slightly increasing the size of the Skulk bite (below you can see an approximation of how it has changed).
The red box is the old melee “cone” size, and it matched the fade's melee size… cone is a misnomer, it's actually a rectangular prism. The blue box is the new melee which we've been testing since Thursday, July 21st. Skulk still requires quite a bit of aim, but the melee feels more appropriate to the view-model. The Fade's melee cone was changed as well to be taller (the same height as the blue box) but its width remains unchanged (red box).
As always, we are very interested in your thoughts on these changes and especially, now that you know they exist in-game, how does it feel? I am sure this will be an interesting discussion and the Devs will be watching and contributing to that discussion.
Lastly, we would like to take a moment and welcome FSFOD to the development team. He will be helping us with some upgrades and enhancements to the codebase over the next couple months.
*************
Have a question for the dev team? We are working on a new recorded series of videos to answer our community's questions and also show off new and upcoming changes to the game. Visit this reddit page to submit your own questions now or upvote others'!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Vanilla.
A Beginner's Guide To Hedging — Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Cryptocurrency
Hodlers Capital Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 28, 2017
BitMEX offers the widest range of derivatives for any exchange transactions. It enables you to carry out transactions using various cryptocurrencies — Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Ripple, Monero, Dash and ZCash. Such products provide liquidity, pricing transparency and exceptional opportunities on a centralized trading platform with equal access for all participants.
The phenomenal growth in Bitcoin futures trading volume is due to increase in global demand and increasingly active use of blockchain. Exchange operator BitMEX is never involved in the pricing process. It is neither a buyer nor a seller of futures contracts. So it has no interest in the price level at any particular time. The role of the exchange is to provide buyers and sellers with a centralized trading platform, where price is determined by supply and demand.
A futures contract is an obligation to deliver or accept a certain quantity of goods. All the contractual terms are standardized with the exception of price that is set on the exchange through the relationship of supply (sales price) and demand (purchase price).
Settlements on all contracts are conducted through closing of positions by concluding a compensation transaction — purchasing after initial sale or selling after initial purchase.
Functions of the exchange
The main economic functions of the futures exchange are price risk management and establishment of prices during free exchange trading. The exchange performs the specified functions, providing buyers and sellers with trading platforms and interaction opportunities. The exchange also establishes and enforces rules guaranteeing an open and competitive trading environment.
Future markets exist mainly for hedging, the essence of which is to manage price risks that are unavoidable in the purchase and sale of goods. Since prices in the cash market (Bittrex, CoinBase, Bitfinex) and futures market (BitMEX) tend to increase or decrease jointly, any losses and profits in the cash market will be repaid or balanced in the futures market.
Hedgers are:
• Miners, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies — those who need protection against reduced reward for a block or against rising prices for purchased goods, for example, graphics cards or ASICS;
• Hardware manufacturers (Bitfury, Bitmain) — those who need protection from rising costs for raw materials or from a decline in the market value of hardware;
• Speculators and professional traders — those who are attracted by the opportunity to profit from correctly forecasting the direction and timing of price changes.
Financial integrity of markets
In futures trading, margin or collateral are funds that a buyer or seller of a futures contract must transfer as collateral. In this case, the funds placed are used as a guarantee for contract execution as a collateral.
This is the main difference from cryptocurrency exchange, where the margin is just the initial deposit (BTC, ETH, DASH and other cryptocurrency) required to purchase altcoins or exchange for US dollars or Bitcoin.
The size of the margin is determined by the client through the BitMEX trading platform, taking into account the leverage and minimum liquidation level established by the exchange. If at the end of trading for the day, changes in the futures price on an open position lead to a loss, it is written off from the client's margin account.
Benedict XVI shocked the world in February when he became the first pope to resign in almost 600 years. But attention shifted quickly to the succession, and the election of the new Pope, Francis. Amid the drama, one question was never fully answered - why did Benedict quit?
Pope Benedict's official resignation statement offered his waning physical and mental powers as the explanation, but it's long been suspected there was more to it. And my inquiries have confirmed that.
I went to visit the Nigerian Cardinal, Francis Arinze at his apartment overlooking St Peter's. He's one of the most senior figures in the church and knows the Vatican like the back of his hand. He was even, for a short time in March of this year, mooted as a possible successor to Pope Benedict. And he was one of the select handful of senior church officials who were in the Pope's Apostolic Palace when he broke the news to them personally.
I raised the subject of the scandals that had preceded the Pope's bombshell decision and, in particular the Vatileaks affair in which the Pope's butler, Paolo Gabriele, had leaked confidential documents exposing Vatican power struggles. Could that have been a factor in his resignation? His answer was unexpected.
'I have had to recognise my incapacity' After having repeatedly examined my conscience before God, I have come to the certainty that my strengths, due to an advanced age, are no longer suited to an adequate exercise of the Petrine ministry... In today's world, subject to so many rapid changes and shaken by questions of deep relevance for the life of faith, in order to govern the barque of Saint Peter and proclaim the Gospel, both strength of mind and body are necessary, strength which in the last few months, has deteriorated in me to the extent that I have had to recognise my incapacity to adequately fulfil the ministry entrusted to me. Resignation statement, 11 February 2013
"It is legitimate for a person to speculate and say 'Maybe,' because some of his documents were taken secretly. It could be one of the reasons," he told me.
"Maybe he was so pained that his own butler leaked out so many letters that a journalist was able to write a book. It can be one of the reasons. I don't expect him to be enjoying that event."
In the Vatican, young ambitious members of the church are advised to "hear a lot, see everything and say nothing". That such a senior figure should essentially countenance a departure from the official line is significant.
Essentially, Pope Benedict was a teaching Pope, a theologian and intellectual. "His idea of hell would be to be sent on a one-week management training seminar," one insider told me. His misfortune was to accede to the papacy at a time that there was a power vacuum, in which a number of middle-ranking members of the Roman curia, the Church's civil service, had turned into "little Borgias" as another clerical official put it.
Don't take my word for it, this assessment comes from the highest source - the current leader of the Church. And Pope Francis does not mince his words. "The court is the leprosy of the papacy," he has said. He has described the curia as "narcissistic" and "self-referential". This is what Joseph Ratzinger had to deal with.
Over a period of time dating back to final years of Pope John Paul II, the heart of the HQ of the Roman Church had become dominated by infighting cliques. This was what the Pope's butler, Paolo Gabriele said he wanted to expose by photocopying and leaking all those documents.
Image caption Benedict XVI pardoned his former butler Paolo Gabriele (centre)
But Gabriele said his relationship with Pope Benedict was like "father and son". So why did he act in a way that was sure to embarrass a man he was clearly close to?
What is the Roman Curia? Means "royal court" in Latin
Administrative body of the Holy See - the universal government of the Catholic Church
Pope delegates members of the Curia to oversee certain aspects of Catholic life and doctrine
Composed of many offices based in the Vatican City, including Secretariat of State - which looks after foreign and diplomatic relations - and a number of congregations and tribunals Roman Catholic Church: Rites and doctrine
"He said he had seen many ugly things inside the Vatican. At a certain point he couldn't take it any more," says his lawyer Cristiana Arru, clutching her rosary beads, in only her second ever public interview. "And so he looked for a way out. He says he saw lies being told. He thought that the Pope was being kept in the dark regarding key events."
Gabriele was found guilty of "aggravated theft" and spent three months in custody before being pardoned by the Pope. But that was not the end of it. The Church's leader set up an inquiry into the whole affair.
Three Cardinals produced a 300-page report. It was meant to be kept under lock and key, but a leading Italian daily claimed it had been briefed on its contents. The result? More embarrassing leaks, this time with claims of a network of gay priests exerting "inappropriate influence" inside the Vatican.
The headaches continued to mount for the German Pope. In many journalistic endeavours, "follow the money" is good advice for getting to grips with what is really going on, and it applies to the Vatican too. One of the most eyebrow-raising stories we encountered involved an annual Nativity scene in St Peter's Square.
Image caption Benedict XVI in front of the nativity scene in St Peter's Square in 2009
For years, deals were struck in which the Vatican paid several times the market rate. When a whistleblower tried to reform the system, officials in the papal court persuaded a hapless Pope Benedict to promote him to a role 4,000 miles from Rome.
Similar antics occurred at the Vatican Bank, for years a source of unwelcome headlines for the Catholic Church. It was set up to help religious orders and foundations transfer much-needed money to far-flung parts of the world. But when a sizeable proportion of the transactions are in cash and are being sent to politically unstable parts of the planet, it does not take a genius to see what might go wrong.
It appears that bank officials took key decisions without always informing the Pope. When the board ousted its reforming president, Ettore Gotti Tedeschi (conveniently, on the day that the news of the Gabriele's arrest was getting saturation news coverage), the Pope did not find out until it was too late. He was "very surprised" in the later words of his private secretary. Gotti Tedeschi was an Opus Dei member and thought to be close to the Pope, but in the end this did not protect him.
Did all this prove too much for the ageing Pope Benedict?
The Church needed someone with more physical and spiritual energy Federico Lombardi
Examine the precise words of the papal press spokesman, Father Federico Lombardi: "The Church needed someone with more physical and spiritual energy who would be able to overcome the problems and challenges of governing the church in this ever-changing modern world." Maybe that is as near as you are ever going to get from a senior official that the church had become ungovernable and needed someone else at the helm to stop the rot.
This is a church that now has a huge opportunity to move on and face up to the challenges of the 21st Century. Often seen as remote, its leadership is now canvassing the views of ordinary Catholics on hot-button issues such as contraception and gay marriage. Reform has come on the back of scandal. This is a development that has not gone unnoticed by Cardinal Arinze.
"What you have to remember," he says, "is that God often writes straight on crooked lines."
Mark Dowd presents The Report on BBC Radio 4 on Thursday 28 November at 20:00 GMT
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
VICTORIA, British Columbia — Canada plans to select a new fleet of search-and-rescue aircraft by the end of the year, wrapping up what has become one of the longest defense procurements in the country's history.
The (CAN) $3 billion ($2.3 billion) project, started in 2004, is expected to be a battle between two European planes, the C-27J aircraft from Leonardo (formerly Finmeccanica) and the C-295 from Airbus Defense and Space.
Embraer of Brazil has also bid the KC-390.
The new planes will replace the Royal Canadian Air Force's 40-year-old Buffalo aircraft and older model C-130s currently assigned to search-and-rescue duties.
Canadian government officials say they expect the contract to be awarded by the end of 2016.
Steve Lucas, a former head of the RCAF and now an advisor to Leonardo, said the announcement of the winning bidder could come slightly early, perhaps sometime in the fall.
Leonardo has unveiled its plan to establish a search-and-rescue training center in Comox, British Columbia, if it is selected as the winning bidder.
"The training centre to be built will be a three-storey facility, with around 72,000 square feet of space and will house training classrooms, flight simulators, mission simulators, maintenance simulators and a training hangar to house a full-scale C-27J maintenance training aircraft platform," Lucas explained.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Airbus also says it will locate a training facility in Comox if it wins the contract. "For us, it's a logical location for it, as there's ready access to a variety of environments where SAR crews operate, including over the ocean, in the mountains and the North," said Michael Powell, an Airbus spokesman.
The Fixed Wing Search and Rescue (FWSAR) aircraft project is divided into a contract for the acquisition of the aircraft and another contract for 20 years of in-service support.
The RCAF expects all aircraft for the FWSAR program to be delivered by 2023.
The FWSAR project originally envisioned acquiring 17 aircraft. But that has now changed and will be capability based, say government officials. The aerospace firms submitted in their bids the numbers of aircraft they believe are needed for Canada to handle the needed search-and-rescue capability.
Lucas said the Canadian government has asked companies not to reveal details at this time about the number of planes presented in their bids.
In the bids, the firms were required to submit prices and aircraft numbers for a fleet to operate out of four main existing bases across Canada. Information was also requested for having planes operating from three bases.
The Canadian government originally announced its intent in the spring of 2004 to buy a fleet of new fixed-wing search-and-rescue aircraft, but the purchase has been on and off ever since.
The FWSAR project was sidelined over the years by more urgent buys of equipment for Canada's Afghanistan mission, as well as complaints made in the House of Commons by domestic aerospace firms and Airbus that the RCAF favored the C-27J aircraft.
The RCAF has strenuously denied any preference for an aircraft.
Embraer announced late last year that it was entering the FWSAR competition with its KC-390 jet aircraft.
The KC-390 conducted its first flight in February 2015, but the aircraft is not expected to enter into service until early 2018.
However, Geraldo Gomes, vice president of business development for Embraer Defense and Security, has said the firm doesn't see that as a problem, noting the company would be able to meet any Canadian delivery timelines.
Embraer has not released any details about Canadian aerospace partners on its bid, while Leonardo and Airbus have lined up key domestic firms as part of their offer packages.
Judy Foote, the minister of Public Services and Procurement Canada, has pointed out that providing quality work to Canadian firms is a key part of any firm being successfully selected to provide Canada with defense equipment.
“… there are many vices that appear as virtues. For example, greed disguises itself as frugality and wastefulness is thought to be generosity. Often laziness is accounted kindness and wrath appears as spiritual zeal. And excessive haste is confused with the efficiency of promptness, while tardiness is taken for serious deliberation. It is necessary, therefore, that the director of souls carefully discern the difference between the virtues and vices so that, on the one hand, he does not allow greed to take hold of the heart of the [sinner] who appears frugal or, on the other hand, so that he does not allow another to boast of his generosity, when, in effect, he is simply being wasteful.” (St. Gregory the Great, THE BOOK OF PASTORAL RULE, pp 76-77)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Manohar Parrikar, the Chief Minister of Goa, may soon resign from his current job and take up a bigger assignment at the centre. Sources told Firstpost that Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants him to join his Cabinet as Defence Minister.
Currently, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley holds additional charge of defence and he obviously cannot handle two heavyweight portfolios, especially with work beginning on Budget 2015-16. Sources said Modi has already spoken to Parrikar on the subject when he met him during one of the stopovers while campaigning in Maharashtra. But the matter did not progress at that time as Modi was busy with elections.
Parrikar was initially not inclined to move to Delhi. But when Modi again took up the issue with him, he realised the Prime Minister was actually serious about it, sources said. Parrikar has been one of the most successful BJP chief ministers and has managed to make the party acceptable in a state with a substantial Christian vote.
Modi is hand-picking Parrikar, sources say, for his administrative abilities and clean image. With major defence modernisation projects underway, the scope for hanky-panky in defence deals is enormous. An IIT Bombay graduate, Parrikar is considered energetic and efficient, someone with the ability to take tough calls when needed. Moreover, he is one of the favourites of the RSS. A few years ago his name was seriously considered by the RSS for the post of BJP president, but the Sangh finally opted for Nitin Gadkari.
Given the frequent ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the line of control (LoC) and the international border, and given regular Chinese incursions along the line of actual control (LAC) in Ladakh and Arunachal pradesh, India needs an active, full-time Defence Minister. As Defence Minister, Parrikar would be part of the Cabinet Committee on Security which has the NDA"s big five as members: the PM, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, the (new) Defence Minister, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. All the Services and Intelligence agency bosses attend some committee meetings.
As such this is a big elevation for Parrikar and comes as a big compliment from Modi. In effect, Modi has given him a post where he could trust no other party colleague. In the pecking order of the Council of Ministers, Parrikar would thus stand taller than the likes of Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu, two former party presidents.
The expansion of the Union Cabinet has been due for long and all eyes are on the prospective changes in Defence Ministry. It was believed right from the beginning that Jaitley would be given only temporary charge of defence, and this is now clear. Jaitley has also been been unwell and it was clear he could not two full-time portfolios.
A minor reshuffle of portfolios cannot be ruled out in Modi's cabinet along with Parrikar's induction. Currently Modi's Council of Ministers has 22 Cabinet Ministers and 22 Ministers of State, including 10 with Independent Charge.
The timing of the Cabinet expansion is yet to be decided. It also depends on whether the Shiv Sena joins the government in Maharashtra. If that happens then it may get one or two more berths at the centre.
The cabinet expansion could take place any time before the winter session of Parliament which begins on 24 November. Modi will be leaving for his home constituency, Varanasi, for a two-day tour on 7 November. He has also several foreign trips lined up later this month. On 12 November, Modi will leave for Myanmar for the Asean-India and East Asia Summits. From Myanmar, Modi will leave for Australia on 14 November for the G20 summit. Modi has scheduled a bilateral summit with Aussie PM Tony Abbott after the G20 meet.
In the third week of November, Modi will visit Nepal for the Saarc summit. The PM is supposed to travel to Janakpur and Lumbini in Nepal.
Modi could thus expand his cabinet before he leaves for Myanmar and Australia. Later in November and December Modi would be even busier, attending to Winter session of Parliament and campaigning for the BJP in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The Smithsonian's campaign to bring back Neil Armstrong's suit is officially a success.
The Kickstarter campaign to “Reboot the Suit” attracted nearly 9,500 backers and almost $720,000 to pay for the restoration and display costs of the iconic space suit Armstrong wore when he walked on the moon.
We wrote about the campaign in July, the Smithsonian calling on space fans to help fund the restoration project. The real suit will go on display at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum's Apollo 11 Moon landing exhibit in 2019, the 50th anniversary of the iconic moon walk.
Fans helped the Smithsonian easily blast past its initial goal of $500,000 and meet its stretch goal of $700,000. The additional funds will now allow the Smithsonian to also restore and display the suit Alan Shepard wore during the first manned spaceflight in 1961.
Both Armstrong's and Shepard's suits will be part of a new exhibition called Destination Moon planned for 2020.
In other rad spacesuit facts, did you know that Armstrong's suit was made by bra manufacturers? Or that it then cost only $100,000 to make (about $670,000 today)? For this and other superfun facts about the painstaking process of creating the suit, read the Smithsonian piece here.
MANLY is on the verge of making their biggest signing this year — literally.
Foxsports.com.au can reveal Wests Tigers powerhouse Taniela Paseka is poised to leave Concord to join Trent Barrett's Sea Eagles.
Not only big but powerful, Paseka is a giant human.
Tipping the scales at 124 kilograms and standing at 199 centimetres tall, the 19-year-old Liverpool junior was the youngest member of the Wests Tigers' fulltime squad.
But having been overlooked for first grade for several weeks, a host of NRL clubs were lining up for Paseka.
Taniela Paseka barges past an opponent to score an NYC try. Source: YouTube
Playing Origin for NSW in the under 20s at the age of 18, the front rower is ready to make an impact in first grade.
Regarded as one of the best forwards in the NYC, Paseka is in the process of being granted a release from the Tigers to sign a two-year deal with the Sea Eagles with immediate effect.
While their front row shortage is about to be fixed with Lloyd Perrett (cheekbone) and Darcy Lussick (wrist) returning to the field, Paseka will be added to that list as soon as next week.
He could feature in the NRL as soon as round seven.
Ben Ikin, Nathan Ryan and Ben Glover break down where it's all gone wrong for the Bulldogs and the roster moves they need to make to become premiership contenders again.
You can also subscribe via iTunes or for Android users, listen on the iPP Podcast Player app.
Paseka is the latest in a string of signings the club has made after snaring Brian Kelly from the Titans and former Tiger Curtis Sironen.
Scoring five tries in the 20s last season, Paseka made 74 tackle breaks, and 2411 metres in his 22 games.
The prop was also voted the Tigers' Holden Cup player of the year and player's player in 2016.
What is abstract photography? We could debate the nuances of the definition all day—as many do. But it's so much more fun just to look at the mind-bending pictures from this week's Shooting Challenge, isn't it?
Shooting Challenge: Abstraction We usually take pictures of people, places and things. But sometimes there's value beyond the… Read more Read
Advertisement
Before we move on, you can get the wallpapers here.
Lead Shot - Pierced Blue Triangle
Nikon D3000, 55-200mm lens, 100 ISO. I'm on a student exchange in Finland and my host family's house has a lot of weird angles in it so I tried to find some that looked abstract. I'm not very good at abstract photography, I was outside for like 10 hours trying to take abstract photographs but I couldn't get any good shots.
-Dustin Chan
Advertisement
Night Fight
Canon EOS 7D, 1/20, F/5.0, Canon 50mm 1/8 lens, ISO: 800. Well, we have an old English sheep dog who loves to go outside and roll around in the grass. As most of us know summer is flea season so we bought a flea killer to capture all the ones he brings inside the house. At night we leave it on when going to sleep and noticed the view from the top was pretty sweet.
-Dino Lie
Advertisement
Circlular Sphere
Nikon D5000, AF-S 18-105 VR, 1/30 s, 105 mm, f/16, ISO 200. It is a rotating ring. Neon lights in a room made ripple effect. I got the idea when my girlfriend was playing with her ring. I shot it first at a dinner to show my friend that I can make good photography in a bad light condition without his f/1.8 lens. I re-shot it On a white desk and more light. It turned out well enough to submit.
-Janez Kos
Advertisement
Chromatic Scale
Canon EOS 50D, Lens EF50 mm f/1.8 II, 1/500 sec, f/1.8, ISO 100. I first thought the "Abstract" theme was quite tricky. I was looking for some abstract building part outside all the time and could not find anything suitable. Then I bought a new camera to replace my old EOS 350D and started to do some tryout shots on our balcony. And suddenly I found my abstract motive. It is a wind chime.
-Maren Ko
Advertisement
Microcircuitry, It Is Not
Canon EOS Rebel XSi, EF-S 18-55mm Lens, f/5.6 at 1/100 ISO 400 focal length 34mm
This is a wet floor mat that I rolled slightly to provide the curvature. I tweaked saturation, temperature and exposure a little in iPhoto.
-Chris Thompson
Advertisement
Garage Spider
Canon 5D, Lens: 16-35 version II, ISO 400. This shot can be seen as hole of light, or a logo of Spider-Man, may be the connection of the line will create the explosion of light etc... In fact, this one is a parking in France.
-Ha Duy Long
Advertisement
Wet Space
Taken with a Canon PowerShot S90, 1/125 second and f/4.9, ISO 100. Contrast and saturation modified in Paint.NET. A sheen of oil on Puget Sound, half shaded by a pier. And on the right, a starscape with a couple of hemi-ringed dark planets.
-Brian Hall
Advertisement
Couch Array
Panasonic DMC-FZ30 on my tripod, ISO80, Exposure 1/10, F2.8. Well, I was wandering in my house after reading your article on the photo contest. I wanted something that was extremely detailed and yet very simple... after searching and taking many awful pictures, I sat in front of my television and powered it on. It was so simple, the solution was directly in my face. So yes, I took many macro pictures of the pixels of my television when it was on, I posterized it to see the pixel, boosted the colors and voila!
-Philippe Raymond
Advertisement
Green Lantern
Canon T2i, 50mm, f/1.8 iso 100. Finished my beer and took a pic of the sun through it. No post.
-Sam Marusich
Advertisement
Reach Out and Touch Someone
Canon EOS XTi, 50mm, 1/60 sec @ f20 ISO 100. This abstract is all about the lines and the negative space rather than the obscurity of the focal point. You must look past the idea of it being a photo of a telephone pole and see the shapes.
-Scott Alberts
Advertisement
WINNER - Hudsucker Proxy
Nikon D90 with 18-200 VRII, Insight Tech Gear HX200 flashlight, Manfrotto 7301YB, 200mm f/5.6, 500ms exposure, ISO400. The subject of this shot is the exhaust pipe on my car. I inverted the vertical tube on the tripod to hang the camera down below and lined it up directly with the exhaust outlet. I cleaned the tip quickly and wet it so that it would reflect light better. I used the flashlight (ridiculously bright) to illuminate the ground between the camera and the car so that the diffuse bounce wouldn't illuminate the car much, but the wet exhaust tip would reflect around the outer ring. I played with the exposure in manual mode to capture just the ring.
[Ed note: I love that, from one of mankind's most impressive, polished inventions—the automobile—we get one of the most basic yet fundamental shapes: the circle.]
-Ryan Powers
Advertisement
Awesome entries all around. And while many still claim not to understand the idea of abstract art—indeed, the concept itself is a bit abstract—I think that most of our entries delved boldly into the vast genre, albeit in different ways. Also, if you're still looking for a definition to make you happy with the term, I stumbled across this essay on abstract art that I found to be pretty fantastic. Of course, it may just tie even more knots in your brain. But that's sort of the fun of it, right?
Gallery 1 (single page version)
Advertisement
Gallery 2 (single page version)
Shooting Challenge Abstraction Gallery 2 I took this shot with my HTC Hero. My camera is currently being repaired by geek squad, so this is… Read more Read
Gallery 3 (single page version)
Advertisement
If you like Shooting Challenges, you may be interested in my new site, Life, Panoramic.
Click to view
I actually had trouble figuring out how to start playing Might and Magic I – that's how old the game is. Eventually, I managed to make a party and enter Sorpigal, the first town. It was time to die, a lot.
All of this happened on May 22nd and May 23rd of 2013.
Yay for Graph Paper!
I had a sheet of graph paper in my desk for some reason, so it was the perfect time to use it. I'll say this again, Might and Magic is an old game. Movement isn't animated, sprites are constantly reused and everything looks the same. Pressing a random arrow key a few times without spell points on your sorceror and without an already drawn map is the perfect recipe for getting lost.
You are supposed to draw a map while playing Might and Magic I. The game is designed that way and that's half the fun of it, so that's what I did. I decided to use graph paper as an immediate drawing tool and then draw the final version in Excel, with a graph paper template.
I ended up making a lot of mistakes during all of this, but as I got to know Sorpigal, I made corrections and eventually, I ended up with a pretty perfect map. Here are a few notes:
The map seems to be 16×16. It doesn't seem like much, but there are things that complicate this.
There are hidden doors.
There are one-way hidden doors.
There are locked doors and traps. The doors can be bashed or the lock can be picked, but the trap can trigger either way.
There are areas of constant darkness. Well, there's one area like that in Sorpigal, but there's bound to be more in future areas.
There are fixed encounters. This is key to getting stronger.
The map doesn't save, only the party saves. Reloading from the Inn resets doors and encounters.
There's a trap door that's a one way trip to the dungeon. These could be dangerous in future. At this point, they are a straight out death sentence.
Use fixed Encounters!
There are tiles on the map where you always end up in a battle encounter. The monsters you fight are usually random, but the fight itself is always there, and it will be there after every reload. This ended up being key for me getting stronger. I picked one of these areas, went for it and after I won, I went back to the inn to save. After a few of these, I had enough cash to buy some gear, so things got much easier.
After a few of these, I also realized I made a huge mistake.
Equip your starting Gear!
I didn't. Each of my characters started with a club. A quick glimpse of the inventory made me mistake the backpack for the character sheet and vice versa, so I didn't realize the clubs were in my characters' backpacks instead of in their hands. The first bunch of encounters I had ended up being fought bare handed. Once I equiped those clubs, things became far easier.
Lots of Statues and more
I found a total of 8 statues spread out through Sorpigal. Some of them seemed more important than others, but I wrote down what all of them said. They hint at quests, tell a bit about the world, etc. Here's what they said:
In memory of a time long ago… Before the days when the towns moved underground, dragons were few and far between.
In honor of Gaia… For her brave attempt to work with the savages of The Volcanic Isles
In honor of Corak… For his mapping expedition of the land of Varn and rediscovery of the lost town of Dusk.
Services rendered, secrets unfold, the Brothers together lead to treasures untold. Five towns you must travel for this quest to unravel.
This beast once roamed The Enchanted Forest and now rules a great fortress there.
Seek the wizard Ranalou in his lair at the Korin Bluffs. Six castles he will send you to, but Doom will be quite tough! Cruelty and kindness measured throughout, judgment day is then sought out.
One by water, one by land, one bay air and one by sand. The Wheel of Luck will favorably pay, the more of these menacing beasts you slay! Although wishes may come true, all the beasts will become anew.
There are many dungeons like me. Find the right pair and you'll discover the key. The ancient seer Og has lost his sight, the idols will help to end this plight.
A few of those also stood next to or behind hidden doors, so I ended up hitting solid walls a lot trying to find those. Overall, I found a bunch of points of interest and mapped out what I'm hoping is the whole of Sorpigal. I even found the hidden dark area behind the jail, as well as the hidden lit area behind the hidden dark area. I fought a bunch of clerics there and got myself killed, very slowly. I see the game over screen quite often in this game, but each death moves me an inch further, at least with mapping. Here's what the town of Sorpigal contains:
An inn, a tavern, a food shop, a smithy and a temple
A trainer (you need to train to get to the next level in this game)
A jail with an encounter, two rooms and a secret passage to a dark area
Bunch of random empty rooms (some with encounters)
A secret room with a leprechaun that teleports you to any town for a gem
A series of secret rooms connected with a maze of passages
A room with a trap door to the dungeon below
Stairs to the dungeon below (preferable to the trap door)
Level 2! Mostly.
I explored pretty much the whole place and, even though I kept going back to the inn to rest and save, it wasn't enough to get to level 2. I got some gear, and I got some experience, but not enough.
Once everything was explored, I started with the tactic of “exploiting” fixed encounters. After a few repeats of this, I managed to get three of my characters to level 2. These are my characters, by the way:
Lancelot, Level 2 Dwarf Knight
Percival, Level 1 Human Paladin
Robin, Level 1 Elf Archer
Alana, Level 2 Gnome Cleric
Aleen, Level 1 Elf Sorceror
Rax, Level 2 Half-Orc Robber
I decided to roll with the standard archetypes, for the most part, except all of these guys have a good alignment, including the orc. It looks like some of the classes advance faster than others, because the cleric, knight and robber needed 500 experience less to get to level 2 than the paladin, archer and sorceror. I'm guessing the trend continues later.
I love Might and Magic I
I completely agree with CRPG Addict on this one. The game has aged and it has issues, but it has that certain something that keeps me itching to play it. It woke up those memories of me stumbling through the World of Xeen, or even playing some random free RPG I got as freeware off of a random site in the 90s. It's an awesome feeling.
Goodies!
Since I made the effort to draw the map and write down hints, I also made the effort to make it presentable, so there are some goodies to be gotten. First of all, the full, big map is available as an image higher up in this posting. Here's the image only, hint free, as well as some other stuff. I also made a quick spell book reference, containing just the list of all spells on a single page, for easier printing.
Like? Share! Flattr Google+ 0 Pinterest 3 0 Reddit 0 Tumblr 0 StumbleUpon 0 Linkedin
Related Posts:
The Providence Board of Licenses voted unanimously Sunday night to suspend the license of the $3 Bar in Providence.
Board Chairman Johanna Harris said the vote was held at an emergency meeting at which police presented information about several recent incidents at the bar that were compelling enough to shut it down for 72 hours.
"The law states a nightclub or bar-restaurant has an obligation to keep the peace and not have disorderly conduct on its premises," said Harris.
Jonathan Stack was allegedly beaten Wednesday with a two-by-four by Daniel Lastarza in the parking lot behind the bar. Stack has since died.
Harris said a separate brawl at the bar Saturday involved upward of 25 people and resulted in two arrests.
"The altercation spilled out from the bar and continued into the street," Harris said. "It blocked traffic, put pedestrians in harm's way and took seven police officers to control and they felt like they were in harm's way as well."
The bar's license was suspended at 6 p.m. Sunday. The board will meet at 1 p.m. Wednesday to determine whether the bar should have its license removed permanently or reinstated.
By Spencer Kellogg | USA
What the hell just happened? Alleged insider trading at Coinbase, Roger Ver blasted for having practical visions of the future of cryptocurrency and Charlie Lee attacked as a parasite for cashing in (rightfully) his stack of Litecoin. What a mess the past few days have been leaving some in the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency community feeling shell-shocked from a new presence of egoism and narcissism in the once generally positive community. Furthermore, hard questions are arising about Bitcoin's dominance as ‘king of crypto' leaving many consumers upset in its wake. Money is a bastard and the past 48 hours have been a shining example of how greed and playground groupthink have diluted the overarching philosophical goals of the space and split a massive userbase into argumentative factions while leading even the most sophisticated lemmings straight off the cliff.
Bitcoin has a problem. For all of the talk about it being the world's new reserve currency, it doesn't move very well. It requires an expensive fee and the time delay for receiving the coin has been virtually eradicated by other competing digital currencies in recent years. The strongest thing Bitcoin has going for it at the moment is its first mover advantage in the space and its dominating presence on every major exchange in the world. Bitcoin Cash is a ‘fork' of Bitcoin meaning that Bitcoin Cash is of the same origin as Bitcoin but possesses functional and technological differences. Just like a forked path presents two new roads so too does a forked currency and the route that users choose to take determines the viability of the product. Bitcoin Cash promotes faster payments, lower fees and secure development from a centralized leadership. It also has Roger Ver, aka ‘Bitcoin Jesus' (or Judas depending on your opinion), one of the great controversial figures in all of cryptocurrency. Ver sent the currency and overall markets into a feeding frenzy as he appeared on CNBC yesterday to discuss Bitcoin Cash as the currency entered into the connected crypto exchanges GDAX and Coinbase.
With Bitcoin Cash coming online at Coinbase (the major exchange in the USA) markets and consumers around the world flooded in to purchase the asset before its listing. Allegations of insider trading were rife leading to Coinbase halting the trading of the currency as they investigated their employee's purchases leading up to the event. In the greater community, opinions were split with some users pointing at the “disaster” and using this event to call for greater regulation and even lawsuits for what they perceived to be cheating while others grinned and accepted the practice for what it is; a fully free, unregulated market that does not play by your grandfather's Wall Street rules. All Bitcoin wallet addresses that held BTC during the August fork were given the exact same amount in Bitcoin Cash and in the month's leading up to the New Year, there had been confusion regarding whether or not Coinbase would add Bitcoin Cash as a trading option with many believing that Coinbase would only provide withdrawal of the currency from its website. The decision regarding whether or not Coinbase would allow active trading of the commodity is important because it has a major effect on the wider adoption of the currency. As it stands now, the continued shenanigans from Coinbase is leading to a loss of faith from its consumers who suspect manipulation and lies on the part of the leadership. Until a better option is available many US-based crypto customers will have no choice but to use the major on-ramp platform for enter/exit trading.
In the world of Litecoin, founder Charlie Lee laid out his reasons for selling off his portfolio of Litecoin in a Reddit post that can be read here: Charlie Lee Sells His Litecoin. He pointed to his presence as a social and cultural figure in the cryptocurrency market overall and his interest in divesting from the coin that he has such an immense influence upon. This led to fingerpointing insinuating that Charlie Lee was using Litecoin simply to get rich or even that this had been done to take advantage of the Bitcoin Cash listing on Coinbase. Lee also made clear that the currency has seen a remarkable run up from four dollars in the springtime and that many investors should be careful in this new high-risk and unstable territory. In the past year, I have witnessed Charlie Lee act as an agent of good over and over again and I was surprised by the level of hostility aimed at Lee in the following days. The aggression towards one of the true white knights of the space speaks to the level of mistrust and resentment that some consumers are feeling in this grey area of ‘bubble' uncertainty.
The Wild West of crypto is an enthralling business but the ailments of big money and uninformed speculators are beginning to rear their ugly head. I always thought the major hurdle of crypto's mainstream adoption would be a belligerent Congress but after what I've witnessed this week I am beginning to believe it will be the low IQ newcomers who demand greater centralization and regulation to protect their interests. I suppose the trending backlash can be seen as a bullish sign because it signals that a mass userbase has collected with desires and opinions and a real stake in the game. The bickering, however, is difficult to listen to and reminds me most of the Sunday's I spent as a child watching grown men smash into each other on the football field. We are still years away from true adoption of these services and much can be changed in the proceeding time. Do your own research, form your own opinions, strap in and get ready for the moon, just be careful which rocket you choose.
Image credits go to @Crypto_God
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
Vince Cable recently said that if Lib Dems can “occupy that enormous ground in the middle of politics we've got tremendous opportunity”.
He's only part right. To occupy is to inhabit a space that is otherwise vacant. There is a missing middle in British politics but that's the point – it's missing. There's nothing there to inhabit. First it needs to be built in terms of a reality in Parliament and an idea based vision. This requires leadership.
So before Vince gets carried away with talk of the “political winds blowing in the Lib Dem's favour” he would do well to remember that 7.4 per cent of the vote and 12 MPs isn't much to work with. It's a stump – and the centre ground cannot be rebuilt by it in its current form. He should then ask: Who are the Lib Dems? What are they for?
Here are the answers he should come up with. The Liberal Democrats are the party of the radical centre, not some confused wet-lettuce centrism.
They stand for a democracy that is devolved to powerful cities and regions because when politics is closer to the people it's more responsive to the people.
They stand for a reformed electoral system that is representative rather than discriminatory.
They stand for an elected upper chamber because the House of Lords is bloated and undemocratic.
They stand for legalising cannabis not so everyone can spend their days smoking hash but to regulate a market that takes the dangerous stuff off the streets, helps those with addictions and removes the profit for gangs. All this whilst tax receipts flow to the exchequer.
They stand for radical long-term settlements on care and the NHS because playing the ‘We're promising more money than the others' game solves nothing. (Broader thinking is needed on entitlements more generally so that those who gain more pay more. It's unfair that poorer taxpayers subsidise something from which they don't benefit).
They stand for maintaining close ties with the EU and its single market because it's stupid to bang on about the unreality of taking control of our money, laws and borders whilst ignoring the economic and regulatory realities of trade.
They stand for an economy that combines enterprise with equality because that's how a free-market economy fosters a free, open society.
In the election campaign little was made of most of these principles. The electorate couldn't answer the ‘Who?' and the ‘What for?' questions. If the next leader is to have a chance in rebuilding the centre-ground then they must start with vision and dispense with plucky gimmicks. Proudly giving the case for the party's main standing points would be a start.
That won't be enough. It is imperative that the new centre-ground takes stock of the political psychology behind seemingly intolerant backlashes. Brexit was a response from those who have a group based identity; who fear rapid change; who feel removed from a de-industrialised country where having a degree is the only ticket to success; who are geographically immobile thus unnerved by immigration. Their worries have been left, festering for too long. The result? We are living through it. Political chaos.
Therefore, for the new middle to emerge it must (as political psychologist Jonathan Haidt argues) empathise with the moral tenets: group loyalty, authority and the belief that ‘sacred' ideas that should be off-limits. Connecting with issues of injustice and suffering is important but it ought to be combined with action that understands more conservative feelings.
However, there is little purpose in developing such a vision without the numbers in Parliament. The potential is there and the ground fertile. One commentator rightly argued that the election result was not a vote for two-party politics but rather ‘none of the above politics' – people are screaming for something different.
Labour's success in the election was based on sentiment. Corbyn was the beacon of hope against May's cold detachment. Class based loyalty is on the ebb with Labour winning over the wealthy middle class and Conservatives gaining with the working class. In short, the glue is melting and support is fickle.
Centre rooted MPs are frustrated. Tory moderates are at a loss, watching the party shoot each other over Europe, ignoring domestic plights – and the suffering behind them. Meanwhile, so-called ‘blairites' witness, jaws-dropped, their leadership throw away the case for remaining in the single market.
The people are there. They just need a real alternative. The likes of Heidi Allen, Anna Soubry, Liz Kendall and Alison McGovern, all preach from similar hymn sheets.
So Vince. You are right about the opportunity in the missing middle, but occupation is a big word for a small party.
The Liberal Democrats have risen from the ashes before. Still, if the party really wants to occupy the centre ground it's got to build it first.
We must, we can – so we will.
* Will Parker is a Liberal Democrat member in Winchester. He is studying History and Politics at the University of Exeter and also writes at notboliticspolitics.
Musicologist Mylène Pardoen and a team of 3D artists created this "sonic tableaux" of 18th century Paris based on a 1781 map and numerous historical documents and research on what Paris's Grand Châtelet district, between the Pont au Change and Pont Notre Dame bridges, may have sounded like at the time. From the French National Center for Scientific Research:
“I chose that neighborhood because it concentrates 80% of the background sound environments of Paris in that era, whether through familiar trades—shopkeepers, craftsmen, boatmen, washerwomen on the banks of the Seine, etc.—or the diversity of acoustic possibilities, like the echo heard under a bridge or in a covered passageway,” Pardoen explains. While historical videos with soundtracks are nothing new, this is the first 3D reconstitution based solely on a sonic background: the quality of the sounds (muffled, amplified…) takes into account the heights of the buildings and their construction materials (stone, cob etc.).
This urban soundscape was recreated based on documents from the period, including Le Tableau de Paris, published in 1781 by Louis-Sebastien Mercier, and the work of historians like Arlette Farge, a specialist on the 18th century, Alain Corbin, known for his research on the history of the senses, and Youri Carbonnier, an authority on houses built on bridges. The audio tour includes sounds like the cackling of birds in the poultry market, the hum of flies drawn to the fishmongers' stalls, the sound of the loom at the woollen mill that used to stand at one end of the Pont au Change, that of the scrapers in the tanneries on Rue de la Pelleterie, of typesetting at the print shop on Rue de Gesvres… all overlaid with the incessant cries of the seagulls that came to feed on the city's heaps of waste....
“All of the sounds are natural,” Pardoen points out. “Machine noises, for example, were recorded using authentic antique devices.” Only the sound of the Notre Dame pump, which drew water from the Seine for the city's consumption, was artificially recreated: the researcher recorded an old-fashioned water mill and reworked the sound based on the (estimated) size of the vanes of the Notre Dame pump....
“The next step will be to include the machines and devices that are now missing from the image, and allow the ‘audience' to stroll freely through the streets of the neighborhood.”
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to turn to Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton in the debate that was held on Sunday night. In a moment, we're going to have a debate between two socialist feminists, one who supports Bernie Sanders and one who supports Hillary Clinton. But let me ask you about what she said during the debate, Shane—if you could talk about her view on Iranian sanctions?
SHANE BAUER: Yeah, well, actually, you know, when these—when it was announced that these Americans were getting out on Saturday, just hours after their release, Hillary Clinton called for new sanctions on Iran. And I, frankly, thought this is very irresponsible. I mean, these Americans were still on the ground in Iran. As you said, there were issues with Jason's wife being detained. It wasn't clear what was going to happen. And she chose to make this provocative statement at that time, you know, which directly put their freedom in jeopardy.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, let's go, on the Republican side, to the response there to what has taken place. I wanted to turn to Marco Rubio, one of the Republican presidential hopefuls, his reaction to the prisoner swap.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: We got the great news today that there are some Americans that are coming home. But you know why they were being captured and held hostage in the first place? Because they know that if you take an American hostage, Barack Obama will cut a deal with you. And it's created an enormous incentive for people in countries and movements around the world to do this against us.
AMY GOODMAN: Shane, your response?
SHANE BAUER: This is just—is inaccurate. I mean, the idea that Iran knows that the U.S. will cut a deal with them if they take prisoners doesn't have precedent. I mean, other—you know, there was the '79 hostages, but these years that Iran has been taking prisoners, they haven't been getting really anything out of it, you know, concrete. The U.S. has not been giving them anything in exchange for their prisoners. You know, you can't conflate Iran with ISIS. You know, Iran is not detaining Americans because it thinks it's going to get some kind of ransom or there's a price on their head, the way that there is for Americans, you know, that have been detained by ISIS. Iran is using this as a political maneuver. And, you know, like I said, Iran releasing these Americans is a sign that, you know, hopefully, we're leaving this kind of era of what is basically hostage taking by Iran. But this is dependent on—in part, on our relationship with Iran, you know, on our ability to release—to ease these tensions.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to go back to Hillary Clinton. On Sunday, CNN's Jake Tapper questioned Hillary Clinton on her calls for the fresh sanctions against Iran. And he read out your tweets, Shane Bauer, criticizing her comments.
JAKE TAPPER: On Saturday, you called for new sanctions against Iran for its ballistic missile program. That prompted a response from another American who was once held prisoner in Iran—Shane Bauer, one of the hikers released in 2011. He had some tough words for you on Twitter, writing, quote, “Seriously, why would Hillary call for more sanctions now? As far as we know, 4 of the Americans are still in Iran. Totally irresponsible,” unquote. He also said, whenever he was in Iran, whenever he heard your voice, his heart would sink, because, quote, “All she ever does with Iran is inflamed tensions.” I want to give you a chance to respond.
HILLARY CLINTON: Well, look, I appreciate what he went through when he was held prisoner in the infamous Iranian prison. And we were very happy that we were able to get him and the two other hikers back home. But we have a very clear path we are pursuing with Iran. I am pleased that we do have an agreement that is being implemented. And I was part of putting that in place by getting the sanctions imposed on Iran that the entire world went along with. But we also have made it clear from the beginning that their missile activity is still subject to sanction. That is part of the overall approach that the administration has taken toward Iran, and that I support.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Hillary Clinton being interviewed by Jake Tapper on CNN. Shane Bauer, your response to what she said? Also, you had dealings with Hillary Clinton. She was secretary of state during your time in captivity and when you were released, right? You met her.
SHANE BAUER: Yeah, yeah, Clinton was secretary of state the entire time that I was in prison in Iran. And, you know, in those tweets, I was referring to times when I was, you know, in prison. I remember hearing—the first time I heard Hillary Clinton's voice in a neighboring cell, somebody had a television, and, you know, I ran to the door and was kind of listening. And, you know, she basically demanded that Iran release us. And this became an ongoing issue that, you know, frankly, was difficult for us in prison. You know, it was—Clinton would kind of demand that Iran act, and of course Iran is not going to do something, you know, when the U.S. is just telling it to do so. So it would always kind of feel like, OK, now I have to settle into a couple more months in prison.
You know, our release was really initiated by Oman. Oman saw it in its interest—really, it saw our release as part of a larger game in starting nuclear talks between the U.S. and Iran, which it saw as benefiting Oman because, you know, they didn't want escalations between the two countries. Oman is really close to Iran, and any kind of military conflict would have impacted its economy. So, Oman believed that if it could get us out of prison, then it could use that channel of negotiation to have nuclear talks in the future. There wasn't really a channel of negotiation—I mean, there wasn't negotiation between the U.S. and Iran over our case. It was more Oman kind of going back and forth between each country and trying to convince them to do something. And the man who was in charge of this, Salem Ismaily, was constantly frustrated by Hillary Clinton. You know, he would feel like he got close to a deal in getting us out, and then she would make some kind of public provocation with Iran. You know, obviously, we were released, and that channel was ultimately used to set the groundwork for the nuclear talks in the future.
As far as her response to those statements, I mean, she didn't address the fact that she was putting Americans' lives at risk. And I think the question is, you know: Why is it so important to make these hard—to show that you're being tough with Iran, when, you know, these people are about to get out in a few hours? As far as the issue of the new sanctions, the new sanctions actually were implemented the day after she made that—you know, the Obama administration announced, after these Americans had left Iran, that there were going to be new sanctions on Iran. These new sanctions, you know, are much, much more limited than the old sanctions. I mean, they're really targeted sanctions, targeting a few individuals and companies. They're not going to be draining Iran's economy like these old sanctions.
But at the same time, you know, I think we need to be thinking about the bigger picture: What is our goal with Iran? What are we trying to do? Are we trying to ease tensions with the country or, you know, continue this kind of hostility? You know, Iran—nobody wants Iran to have a ballistic missiles program, which is what these targets—these sanctions are targeting. But we also, you know, when we have such a huge breakthrough like this, I think it's important for us to step back and think about, OK, how are we going to—how are we going to use this momentum and go forward?
AMY GOODMAN: Robert Levinson has still not been released. He is the retired FBI agent who vanished after traveling to the Iranian island of Kish in March of 2007. He was a retired FBI agent. His family confirmed he was doing independent work for the CIA, his family angry because they only learned of the prisoner swap, that of course did not include Levinson, on television. Shane?
SHANE BAUER: Right. I mean, Levinson has been missing for years. And, you know, I sympathize with his family. As far as we—really, we don't know where he is exactly. His situation has always been different from the other Americans detained by Iran. It's not clear whether the Iranian government knows where he is or not. It's not even clear whether he's in Iran. You know, there's been indications that he might be in Pakistan. You know, we just don't know right now.
AMY GOODMAN: And finally, Shane, we have 30 seconds, but what advice do you have for the prisoners who are returning in how to cope? You were held at Evin Prison for more than two years.
SHANE BAUER: Look, these guys are entering a new phase of their detention. You know, in many ways, it's over, but it's also—you know, it's not. I mean, there's going to be difficulties in readjusting, inevitably. I think they need to take it slow. I think they need to resist pressure to, you know, stand in front of the cameras. They need to spend time with their families and loved ones. And really, they just need to do what feels right for them. Nobody, nobody, including myself or anybody else who's been in their situation, knows what is going to work for them in getting back into the lives.
AMY GOODMAN: Shane, thanks so much for being with us, award-winning senior reporter at Mother Jones magazine, co-author of the memoir, A Sliver of Light: Three Americans Imprisoned in Iran. He spent 26 months in Tehran's Evin Prison, four of them in solitary confinement.
This is Democracy Now! When we come back, a debate on Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. Two socialist feminists talk about their positions. Stay with us.
Image caption The VoiceOver function is designed to help blind and partially sighted consumers use the iPhone
Samsung has suffered a setback in its effort to win an iPhone ban based on a function making its software accessible to blind people.
The South Korean firm had sought an injunction in a German court arguing Apple's VoiceOver screen-access facility infringed one of its patents.
However, the judge has ordered the case to be suspended pending another ruling that could invalidate Samsung's claim.
Disability campaigners had expressed concern about the case.
Apple's VoiceOver function is used by blind and partially-sighted people to hear a description of what the iPhone is showing by touching its screen.
The software covers text and icons including audio descriptions of the battery level and network signal. It also allows the phones to be operated via Braille-based add-ons.
Samsung had argued that Apple had failed to licence a patent it owned which describes pressing a button to make a handset describe its display. The basis for this was that VoiceOver could be switched on by triple-clicking the iPhone's home button.
Apple declined to comment.
A statement from Samsung said: "For decades, we have heavily invested in pioneering the development of technological innovations in the mobile industry, which have been constantly reflected in our products.
"We continue to believe that Apple has infringed our patented mobile technologies, and we will continue to take the measures necessary to protect our intellectual property rights."
'Regrettable in the extreme'
Patent consultant Florian Muller, who was first to report the Mannheim Court's decision, questioned Samsung's tactics.
"If Samsung had only requested monetary compensation in this action, it would have made a much better choice than by trying to achieve, through the pursuit of an injunction, the deactivation or (more realistically) degradation of the voiceover functionality Apple provides to its German customers," he wrote on his blog.
The British Computer Association of the Blind said it was worried such an important feature might be threatened.
"A lack of access to information is arguably the biggest potential barrier to inclusion in society for blind and partially-sighted people," a spokesman told the BBC.
"If something as important as access to telephone technology had been blocked by the actions of one company over another the consequences for blind people everywhere would be regrettable in the extreme."
The Wall Street Journal's AllThingsD tech site was more damning.
"Leaving aside the ethics of asserting a patent against a feature designed to help the blind, this is unwise," wrote John Paczkowski.
"It's the PR equivalent of punching yourself in the face. Samsung has now identified itself as a company willing to accept the loss of accessibility for the vision-impaired as collateral damage in its battle with Apple."
Apple and Samsung have fought a number of patent cases against each other in courts across the world.
The biggest award involved a US jury ordering Samsung to pay Apple $1.05bn (£688m) in damages. The judge in the case later rejected Apple's call for the sum to be increased and a sales ban on some Samsung handsets.
For the last two years, citizens of Flint Michigan has been exposed to toxic levels of lead from corrosive drinking water. The Flint Water Crisis finally came to a head earlier this month when Michigan's governor declared a state of emergency and called in the national guard to distribute bottled water. Last week President Obama declared the crisis a federal state of emergency.
This week Pearl Jam pledged a donation of $125,000 to The United Way of Genesee County to aid in the support of Flint, Michigan residents. What's more, “a close group of the band's friends and partners” including Glaser Progress Foundation, Live Nation, Brandi Carlile's Looking Out Foundation, Republic Records, Ticketmaster, Universal Music Publishing Group and William Morris Endeavor Entertainment have donated an additional $175,000.
The band is also calling on fans to donate and has set up a fundraising campaign on Crowdrise. So far, fans have pledged nearly $20,000.
According to a statement posted on Pearl Jam's website, “Monetary donations will first be used for the purchase of water filters, bottled water, emergency support services and prevention efforts in Flint, Michigan. After the short-term need of Flint residents has been met, any remaining funds will be directed to the Flint Child Health and Development Fund. This fund will provide aid to children and families with interventions that support positive health outcomes.”
Defenders of Ardania is a tower defense-like game set in the world of the Majesty fantasty strategy universe. Except that instead just building defense, you also build an army for offense and use magic to obliterate your opponents.
What sets that apart from just plain old real-time strategy, you might ask? More towers, I guess. 24 kinds of towers in fact. And knowing the Majesty series, there will be plenty of fantasy parody with silly accents. Why don't you let the guy in the video -- a Paradox developer if ever I saw one -- explain it to you?
There's a closed beta for the PC version which you can sign up for right here before April 11th, and if you are selected you'll receive a confirmation email on April 15th. Defenders of Ardania will be released on PC, PSN, XBLA and iPad in Q3 2011, and check below for a gameplay trailer.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
P hanindra Sama, the chief executive officer of redBus.in, is yet another engineer who chucked his lucrative job to start an enterprise of his own.
In fact, redBus.in was founded by three engineers -- Phanindra Sama, Charan Padmaraju and Sudhakar Pasupunuri -- who studied together at the BITS, Pilani, and later worked in various companies in Bengaluru.
Started modestly in August 2006 with a few seats from one bus operator, redBus today is one of the most successful online bus ticket booking agencies. Today, it has 700 bus operators, 10,000 buses listed on it, works in 15 states and sells around 5,000 tickets every day.
Last year Phanindra became the second entrepreneur from India to join Endeavor, a non-profit organisation started by the Harvard alumni.
In an interview with Rediff.com, Phanindra speaks about his journey from an engineer working for a company to an accidental entrepreneur
Click NEXT to read on . . .
Zoe Smith broke two British records in her weightlifting World Championship final in 2015
London Olympian Zoe Smith will lead a 14-strong British team at April's European Championships in Norway.
The event represents the final opportunity for GB to attain a maximum of two berths (one male and one female) for August's Rio Olympics.
The UK Sport-funded GB women's team will need to rank in the top six from nations who have not already qualified.
"We'll give it our all to qualify for the Olympics in Rio this summer," Smith told BBC Sport.
"It's going to be a tough competition but I'm confident in my preparations."
GB European Championships squad Men Women Jack Oliver Zoe Smith Sonny Webster Rebekah Tiler Gareth Evans Sarah Davies Owen Boxall Emily Godley Chris Freebury Mercy Brown Sam Henderson Hannah Powell Darius Jorkazadeh Noorin Gulam
Commonwealth champion Smith is the lead candidate to represent Team GB should the GB women claim a berth, but rising star Rebekah Tiler is expected to rival her.
Ex-England lifter Hannah Powell - who now aims to represent Wales - will line up at her first major international since the 2011 World Championships.
The unfunded British men's team need a top-seven place at the European Championships in Forde, which run from 10 to 16 April.
They are boosted by Welsh lifter Darius Jokarzadeh's first appearance in the sport since finishing fourth at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The US-based athlete, who wants to be an American footballer, is joined by Olympian Gareth Evans and British champion Sonny Webster in the squad.
"Qualification for this summer's Olympic Games remains extremely competitive," British Weight Lifting performance director Tommy Yule said.
"Our elite lifters have proven themselves more than up to the challenge, however, and have a terrific opportunity in Norway to seal Olympic qualification."
Should GB attain a place or places at the Rio Olympics then athletes will bid to represent Team GB through performances at the British Championships in June.
When allegations surfaced that details in Greg Mortenson's memoir “Three Cups of Tea” had been fabricated, some reports noted that the book, a best-seller about doing good works in Central Asia, is “required reading” for U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan. These reports were referring to the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center's Pre-Deployment Afghanistan Reading List, which (in addition to cultural field guides and counter-insurgency manuals) recommends novels such as Khaled Hosseini's “The Kite Runner” and George MacDonald Fraser's “Flashman.”
Reading has been a part of military life since Alexander the Great slept with a copy of the Iliad under his pillow. When the United States Military Academy was founded, in 1802, John Adams advocated an ambitious reading program for officers. “I wished to turn the Minds of such as were capable of it to that great Source of Information,” he wrote. During the Second World War, the Council on Books in Wartime printed more than a hundred and twenty million paperbacks for distribution to American soldiers. Touted as “weapons in the war of ideas,” these Armed Services Editions ranged from “Tristram Shandy” and “Candide” to “My Ántonia.”
Harold Bloom, in “The Western Canon,” described the culture's seminal books as possessing “strangeness, a mode of originality that either cannot be assimilated, or that so assimilates us that we cease to see it as strange.” Today's military reading lists have a more pragmatic bent. Each major branch of the U.S. military has its own lists, usually targeted to specific ranks; the Marines alone maintain dozens of different reading lists, and the Army has at least six, overseen by such entities as the Chief of Staff, the War College Library, and the Center for Army Leadership. “Three Cups of Tea” appears on the Joint Forces Staff College Commandant's Professional Reading List and on the list of the Chief of Staff of the Air Force Professional Reading Program.
In terms of “strangeness,” the Navy Professional Reading Program recommends, along with Melville's “Billy Budd,” “Starship Troopers,” the 1959 science-fiction novel about a war between mankind and an arachnoid species known as the Bugs. The self-help genre is well represented, too. Soldiers are encouraged to peruse “The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People” and Dale Carnegie's “How to Win Friends and Influence People.” Race relations figure prominently. On a Navy list, alongside “When Affirmative Action Was White,” is “Black Titan: A. G. Gaston and the Making of a Black American Millionaire.”
Business writers like military metaphors, and the military seems fond of business titles. The U.S. Army General Officers Suggested Reading List has a section devoted to them which includes Nassim Taleb's “The Black Swan” and Chip and Dan Heath's “Made to Stick.” The Navy list recommends “Freakonomics,” by Stephen J. Dubner and Steven Levitt; “The Lexus and the Olive Tree,” by Thomas Friedman; and “Moneyball,” by Michael Lewis.
U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel Zoltan Krompecher, who has served in Afghanistan and taught English at West Point, says that assembling reading lists is part of a broader effort by the U.S. military to help soldiers understand local cultures. “When you're going into uncharted territory, you want to know everything about that culture that you can,” he said. “If I'm going out there and talking to an imam or a sheikh, I've got to demonstrate that I value his culture. Once you earn their trust, they'll help you with the bad guys.” As for fiction, Krompecher called it “a way to understand or at least examine how others feel.” He said, “Consider Henry from Stephen Crane's ‘The Red Badge of Courage.' That fear of going into battle, when you're tasting your own mortality: How are you going to react? Are you going to run away? Soldiers can relate to that.”
Harold Bloom agrees, at least about Crane. Reached by telephone in New Haven, he listened to a list of some of the military's recommended titles, among them Kafka's “The Castle,” “Catch-22,” “The Tin Drum,” “The Brothers Karamazov,” and “Snow,” by Orhan Pamuk.
“It's a very mixed bag,” Bloom said. “The two surprising entries, really quite wonderful, are E. M. Forster's ‘A Passage to India' and ‘The Red Badge of Courage,' which is a considerable work of realization.” He talked about a lecture he once gave at West Point, on Walt Whitman's “Drum-Taps,” and found that the soldiers were “immensely open to what Whitman was doing.”
What did he think about the inclusion of “Starship Troopers”?
“I can't take that seriously, I'm sorry,” he said. “I suppose it's on the list because that's the world we're headed towards.” ♦
ADVERTISEMENT
Not everyone was surprised by the giant tsunami that slammed into northern Japan's coast last month. Masanobu Shishikura was expecting it. "It was the phenomenon just as I had envisioned it," says the 41-year-old geologist, as quoted by The Wall Street Journal. What did Shishikura's research tell him about the fate that was in store for northeastern Japan? Here, a brief guide:
Was Shishikura certain the big one was coming?
Yes, he just couldn't pinpoint precisely when it would arrive. Shishikura calculated that colliding tectonic plates under the Pacific Ocean off northeastern Japan triggered giant waves every 450 to 800 years. Historians already knew that a 25-foot tsunami had hit Sendai Bay in the year 869, sweeping more than two miles inland and stretching as far south as the site of the now-devastated Fukushima nuclear plant. Another tsunami appeared to have hit between 1300 and 1600. So Shishikura figured that the most vulnerable areas — including the city of Sendai, and Fukushima — were due to be hit by a giant wave at any time.
How did he know that?
He figured it out by looking at rocks. Looking at the rich soil in the area, he found layers of sand and pebbles that appeared to have been carried inland by tsunamis. This gave him rough dates for killer waves dating back 3,500 years. The sediment samples revealed a pattern, with the telltale strips of tsunami evidence separated by several centuries of soil buildup.
Did he warn Japanese authorities?
Yes. Shishikura and his colleagues told the government that northeastern Japan was overdue for a huge wave. The Trade Ministry dismissed the evidence, and the Tokyo Electric Power Co. did nothing to beef up defenses at Fukushima. "At the time, we thought it was unfortunate they didn't take us seriously, but we figured it was just a matter of making a better presentation," Shishikura said, as quoted by The Sydney Morning Herald. "If only the tsunami had waited a little longer, we might have been ready." He had an appointment to explain his research to Fukushima officials on March 23; the earthquake and tsunami hit March 11.
Was there any way to predict the extent of the damage?
Yes. Japan has been hit by 195 tsunamis since the year 400. In the last three decades, there have been three waves that were more than 30 feet high. Yet Tokyo Electric's seawall defenses at Fukushima were built to protect the nuclear reactors from waves reaching only 17 feet high. "That is ridiculous," says Ryohei Morimoto, a retired volcanology professor at the University of Tokyo, as quoted by The Japan Times. "Even if they couldn't predict the size of tsunami, they should have at least prepared for waves similar to those in the past."
Sources: Wall St. Journal, Sydney Morning Herald, Japan Times, Science Links Japan
Sony is no stranger to thin, portable laptops. Take the company's Vaio Z series laptop, a 13-inch device that's just 0.66 inches thick and weighs only 2.57 pounds. While those specs make most of us think "ultrabook," Sony on Wednesday revealed its first true, Intel-approved ultrabooks, the Vaio T series.
The irony? The 13-inch model in Sony's new ultrabook line-up is a bit thicker and much heavier than the company's existing super-thin Z series notebook. It's a curious data point given device thinness and lightness is an ultrabook calling card. The new T13 weighs 1.6kg. That's about 3.5 pounds – nearly a full pound heavier than the Vaio Z series notebook.
As for thinness, the T13 ultrabook is 17.8 mm, about 0.7 inches. That's just a smidgen thicker than Sony's 0.66-inch Z series notebook, but it's still a noteworthy data point considering ultrabooks are supposed to own the thin-and-light crown.
Beyond this, the new Vaio T computers include what you'd expect in an ultrabook. The lineup features 11-inch and 13-inch models, the Vaio T11 and Vaio T13, respectively. The computers feature slick silver bodies made of magnesium and aluminum, and include HDMI and VGA ports, as well as SD/MMC card reader slots.
Sony's 13-incher will come with 4GB of memory, a 1366x768 display, hybrid 320GB HDD and 32GB SSD storage, and Intel HD Graphics 3000. It promises up to nine hours of battery life, and an "any time" charger for your smartphone, allowing you to charge your phone even when the laptop is off, or in sleep mode.
The T Series specs aren't mind-blowing, but they're on par with ultrabooks currently on the market. But, unfortunately, what's on the market right now will soon be outdated when Intel's third-generation Ivy Bridge processors begin arriving in hardware. Sony's specs show that the T Series ultrabooks will run Intel's Core i3-2367M processor, a Sandy Bridge chip that will be eclipsed by Ivy Bridge.
It seems strange that Sony would announce and release its first ultrabook on the Sandy Bridge platform only months before we're expecting to see Ivy Bridge ultrabooks. We reached out to Sony for comment, but received no response by press time.
The T11 and T13 will be available within the month in the European market, according to a Sony press release. There's still no word on pricing or stateside availability.
Vitrified forts are stone enclosures whose walls have been subjected to vitrification through heat.[1] It was long thought that these structures were unique to Scotland, but they have since been identified in several other parts of western and northern Europe.
Vitrified forts are generally situated on hills offering strong defensive positions. Their form seems to have been determined by the contour of the flat summits which they enclose. The walls vary in size, a few being upwards of 12 feet (3.7 m) high, and are so broad that they present the appearance of embankments. Weak parts of the defence are strengthened by double or triple walls, and occasionally vast lines of ramparts, composed of large blocks of unhewn and unvitrified stones, envelop the vitrified centre at some distance from it.[2] The walls themselves are termed vitrified ramparts.[3]
No lime or cement has been found in any of these structures, all of them presenting the peculiarity of being more or less consolidated by the fusion of the rocks of which they are built. This fusion, which has been caused by the application of intense heat, is not equally complete in the various forts, or even in the walls of the same fort. In some cases the stones are only partially melted and calcined; in others their adjoining edges are fused so that they are firmly cemented together; in many instances pieces of rock are enveloped in a glassy enamel-like coating which binds them into a uniform whole; and at times, though rarely, the entire length of the wall presents one solid mass of vitreous substance.[2]
It is not clear why or how the walls were subjected to vitrification. Some antiquarians have argued that it was done to strengthen the wall, but the heating actually weakens the structure. Battle damage is also unlikely to be the cause, as the walls are thought to have been subjected to carefully maintained fires to ensure they were hot enough for vitrification to take place.[4][5]
Most archaeologists now consider that vitrified forts are the product of deliberate destruction either following the capture of the site by an enemy force or by the occupants at the end of its active life as an act of ritual closure.[6] The process has no chronological significance and is found during both Iron Age and Early Medieval Forts in Scotland.[6]
Since John Williams, one of the earliest of British geologists, and author of The Natural History of the Mineral Kingdom, first described these singular ruins in 1777, over 70 examples have been discovered in Scotland.[2] The most remarkable are:
Dun Mac Sniachan (or Dun Mac Uisneachan), Argyll, the largest in area [ citation needed ] at 245 m by 50 m.
at 245 m by 50 m. Benderloch, north of Oban; grid reference
Mayenne) Part of the vitrified wall at Sainte-Suzanne
Mayenne) Fragment of vitrified wall at Sainte-Suzanne
For a long time it was supposed that these forts were peculiar to Scotland; but they are found also in the Isle of Man (Cronk Sumark) County Londonderry and County Cavan, Ireland; in Upper Lusatia, Bohemia, Silesia, Saxony, and Thuringia; in the provinces on the Rhine, especially in the neighbourhood of the Nahe; in the Ucker Lake; in Brandenburg, where the walls are formed of burnt and smelted bricks; in Hungary; in several places in France, such as Châteauvieux (near Pionnat), Péran, La Courbe, Sainte-Suzanne, Puy de Gaudy, and Thauron; also rarely in the north of England. Barksdale is a vitrified hill-fort in Uppland, Sweden.[2]
Appearance in media [ edit ]
Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World [ edit ]
The 16 September 1980 episode of Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World features a segment in which the archaeologist Ian Ralston examines the mystery of the vitrified fort Tap o' Noth and tries to recreate how it might be accomplished by piling stones and setting a massive bonfire, repeating the work of V. Gordon Childe and Wallace Thorneycroft in the 1930s.[7] The experiment produced a few partially vitrified stones, but no answers were gleaned as to how large-scale forts could have been crafted with the approach tried in the programme.[8]
References [ edit ]
With the dust now settling after "WannaCry," the biggest ransomware attack in history, cybersecurity experts are taking a deep dive into how it was carried out, what can be done to protect computers from future breaches and, trickiest of all, who is to blame.
Beyond the frequently used shorthand that North Korea was likely behind the attack lies a more complicated story of the rise of an infamous group of hackers known as "Lazarus," who may be using secret lairs in northeast China and have created a virtual "malware factory" that could wreak a lot more havoc in the future.
Who are they?
On Dec. 19, 2014, just one month after a devastating hack hobbled Sony Pictures Entertainment, the FBI's field office in San Diego issued a press release stating North Korea was the culprit and saying such cyberattacks pose "one of the gravest national security dangers" to the United States.
Its claim North Korea was to blame has been disputed.
An industry consortium led by Novetta launched "Operation Blockbuster" and in 2016 released a detailed public report on the attack that lined up with the FBI's conclusion that the tactics, tools and capabilities strongly indicated the work of a "structured, resourced and motivated organization," but said its analysis could not support the direct attribution of a nation-state.
It determined the attack "was carried out by a single group, or potentially very closely linked groups, sharing technical resources, infrastructure and even tasking."
It named the group Lazarus and tied it to a string of attacks dating back to 2007 or 2009.
Researchers at cybersecurity giant Kaspersky Labs, which also participated in Operation Blockbuster, surmised the Lazarus attackers are probably located in a time zone eight or nine hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time — which would include China, Malaysia and parts of Indonesia, among other places — because they seem to start working at around midnight GMT and break for lunch three hours later.
They even claimed the hackers get roughly 6-7 hours of sleep per night.
It also said it found indications of the Korean language on a majority of the computers being used.
James Scott, a senior fellow at the Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology, a Washington-based think tank, said the group is believed to outsource the development of malware to "numerous external threat actors."
But he said any connections between Lazarus and North Korea remain unclear.
Jon Condra, director of Asia Pacific research at the cybersecurity firm Flashpoint, cautiously noted the theory at least some Lazarus Group hackers are working out of China and that they may include North Koreans.
"It is widely believed that at least some North Korean hacking units operate out of Northeastern China, the city of Shenyang, in particular, but hard evidence is scant," he said. "It is entirely possible that the Lazarus Group is not entirely made up of North Korean actors, but may also have Chinese members."
Kaspersky took another look into Lazarus following the attempted heist of $900 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February last year. It found Lazarus is both accelerating its activities and morphing rapidly.
According to Kaspersky, the Lazarus Group now has its own cybercrime subgroup, dubbed BlueNoroff, to help finance its operations through attacks on banks, casinos, financial institutions and traders.
The disruptive and "asymmetric" nature of cyber warfare clearly makes it a weapon North Korea can be assumed to want to exploit against its much more powerful adversaries in a military conflict.
Cybercrime would also seem to be extremely attractive to North Korea. It's hard to trace, can be done on the cheap and, for those who can master the technological expertise, the opportunities seem to be everywhere. It's a less risky means of procuring illicit income than other activities North Korea has been accused of in the past, such as drug trafficking and counterfeiting U.S. $100 bills.
The U.S. government has not blamed WannaCry on North Korea — reflecting the fact that determining the role of a nation-state can be a Sisyphean task.
Some campaigns attributed to the Lazarus Group suggest a lower-skilled adversary than one might expect from one with full state backing — a factor Beau Woods, the deputy director of the Cyber Statecraft Initiative at the Atlantic Council, says is indicative of "a blurred line" between state and non-state actors.
"Many countries allow — or at least tolerate — non-state actors that are doing things that are ideologically aligned," he said. "With North Korea, it appears to be the case that they rely very heavily on this kind of criminal element-amateurs-professionals. It's a predominance of question marks."
THE world's largest Lego flower, a quarter scale Lego Ferrari and a Qantas A380 are among the creations which will feature at Australia's biggest Lego exhibition in Elizabeth Quay.
Using more than five million pieces, Australia's Brick Man Ryan McNaught will bring 60 original works made out of the favourite childhood toy, as well as interactive building zones.
Brick Man Experience – The Complete Collection by McNaught will also include the Lego expert's biggest Star Wars build and different city street scenes.
“I am really excited that the Brick Man Experience is heading to Perth this school holidays,” McNaught said.
“All of my works will be displayed together in one place for people to enjoy – but you'll need to be quick as they're on display for 14 days only.
Camera Icon The Brick Man Experience - The Lego Ferrari featured in the exhibition. Picture: News Corp Australia, Jeremy Piper
“Perth has never welcomed a Lego exhibition anywhere near this scale before – it really is an unmissable event for all the family to enjoy.”
Lego has been a cherished childhood toy for more than 50 years, with people across the world growing up with the plastic, connecting blocks.
In 2010, McNaught took his love for Lego to a whole new level by becoming the only certified professional in the Southern Hemisphere – he now goes by the name of The Brick Man.
Camera Icon Ryan McNaught, a LEGO certified professional is preparing to bring the Brick Man Experience to Perth next month. Picture: Quest Newspapers, dlrphoto
In addition to the father of two's pieces works from other Lego certified professionals will be displayed based around the ‘Transport' theme from their native country.
“At the end of last year we took the exhibition to Brisbane and we were blown away by the response – it was our third tour, having already visited Melbourne and Sydney,” McNaught said.
“The response in all three cities was incredible – kids, parents, grandparents, everyone, just loved it!
Camera Icon Ryan McNaught, a LEGO certified professional is preparing to bring the Brick Man Experience to Perth next month. Picture: Supplied, dlrphoto
“I was in Perth in January and everyone was begging me to bring the exhibition here – the appetite for Lego is huge and I didn't want the people of Perth to miss out so here I am.
“I'm looking forward to sharing my creations with Lego fans in Perth and meeting all the budding brickies out there.
“I've also got a few exciting things for the kids (and big kids) to participate in, so everyone can enjoy creating brick masterpieces as well as enjoying the exhibition.”
–Brick Man Experience – The Complete Collection will be in Ashton's Big Top Tent in Elizabeth Quay from April 7-20, from 9.30am daily.
–Tickets go on sale to the public from 9am on March 16 and are from $27 from Ticketmaster.
Welcome to the Madden School Unlimited free preview! Here is a look at the first formation (out of 7) in our Madden 18 Arizona Offensive eBook.
This formation is called Singleback Wing Stack. The setup for all of these plays will look exactly the same to your opponent, making this scheme extremely hard to defend against.
The videos below go over the reads against cover 2, cover 3, cover 4, and man to man defenses.
Let's dive right in.
Playbook: Arizona Cardinals
Formation: Singleback Wing Stack
Play: PA Y Drag Wheel
Setup:
Block the A/X tight end and put your RB/R1 tight end on a drag route Motion the X/square receiver to the left
Reads:
Against cover 2 defense, look to the X/square receiver Against cover 3 defense, look to the B/circle receiver Against cover 4 defense, bomb it deep to the X/square receiver Against man to man defense, just see which receiver is open (usually both are)
Overview: With this one play, you can get 35+ yards every single time.
Against Cover 2
Against Cover 3
Against Cover 4
Against Man to Man
Playbook: Arizona Cardinals
Formation: Singleback Wing Stack
Play: PA Power O
Setup:
Hot route the RB/R1 receiver to a drag or a flat route Motion the X/square receiver out to the left
Reads:
Against cover 2 defense, look to the B/circle receiver over the middle Against cover 3 defense, look to the B/circle receiver over the middle Against cover 4 defenses, your B/circle receiver should be open as well as your X/square receiver Against man to man defense both your X/square receiver and B/circle receivers will get open.
Overview: This is a bread and butter play to add into your scheme.
Against Cover 2
Against Cover 3
Against Cover 4
Against Man to Man
Playbook: Arizona Cardinals
Formation: Singleback Wing Stack
Play: HB Zone Wk
Setup:
Motion your outside receiver to the left sideline
Overview: This is one of the best running plays in this playbook. Just follow your blockers and read the hole.
Playbook: Arizona Cardinals
Formation: Singleback Wing Stack
Play: Four Verticals
Setup:
Hot route your RB/R1 tight end to a slant Motion your X/square receiver out to the left
Reads:
Against cover 2 defense, look to the running back or the B/circle receiver in the seam Against cover 3 defense, hit your running back and follow your blockers Against cover 4 defense, your running back should be open as well Against man to man defense, read between your running back and your tight end.
Overview: This play adds another dimension to your offense because you are utilizing your running back in the passing game. This play gives you 3 blockers downfield after you catch the ball.
Against Cover 2
Against Cover 3
Against Cover 4
Against Man to Man
Playbook: Arizona Cardinals
Formation: Singleback Wing Stack
Play: Cards Smash
Setup:
Motion your X/square receiver to the left
Reads:
Against any zone that doesn't have hard flats, look to your X/square receiver Against man to man or zone with hard flats, look to your B/circle receiver on the corner route You also have your tight ends on a high/low read over the middle
Overview: This is a great play to mix in with the rest of the Singleback Wing Stack scheme and makes your opponent worry about another element.
You can easily audible between this formation and the Gun Wing Stack formation that we are going over next.
Continue On To The Next Formation
A CHINESE legislator who heads a forestry company has urged the country to save more trees by reducing the 80 billion pairs of disposable chopsticks it makes each year, state media say.
"We must change our consumption habits and encourage people to carry their own tableware," Bo Guangxin, the chairman of Jilin Forestry Industry Group, was quoted as telling fellow delegates at the country's annual parliament session on Friday.
China's chopstick production amounted to 20 million 20-year-old trees, enough to fill Tiananmen Square with 360 layers of the single-use utensil, the Xinhua state news agency cited him as saying.
Representatives to the rubber-stamp National People's Congress meet each year largely to approve decisions already made by the country's communist leaders.
China is the world's largest consumer and importer of wood, and imposed a five per cent tax on disposable chopsticks and wooden floor panels in 2006 in an effort to reduce timber wastage.
The country's demand for foreign wood had tripled since 2000 to reach 180 million cubic metres in 2011, the London-based Environmental Investigation Agency said in a report last year.
The campaign group said the growing appetite for timber - with at least one-tenth of supplies coming from illegal sources - meant that "the fate of much of the world's natural forests is in China's hands".
You might not believe it at first but you'll soon realize how it has room for a skyscraper with 40 floors AND contains both jungle and a river. The Son Doong cave in Vietnam is the largest one in the world and a tour inside this place is something out of the ordinary. Tag along in this underground world and be astounded by how marvelous and beautiful nature can be.
The enormous cave is situated in the Vietnamese national park Phon Nha-Ke Bang, 280 miles south from the countries capital city Hanoi. (Don't miss the incredible video after the pictures below!)
Son Goong means ”mountain-river-cave” and crafts from two to five million years ago. But for a long time it was undiscovered. It was first found in 1991 by a local farmer, but the first people who explored the cave were British experts in 2009.
The cave as a whole is considered to be 87 miles long.
It contains its own animal life, a rainforest, lakes, beaches and a river.
A lot of caves have relics from a prehistoric age, like statues or paintings in the mountain walls. But nothing like that has been found in this cave.
2013 the first tourists visit the cave.
There are guided tours to get here. The tour can take seven days and the cost is around $2300 (1500 BP). For that price you will also spend five nights camping inside the cave.
The cave is also rich in rare pearls that have been shaped for centuries by water drops that's been dried and shaped a layer of lime on the sand.
You must watch the drone footage below!
to get an even bigger picture of this underground river and its natural skylights. Keep in mind this river eroded massive amounts of limestone UNDERNEATH a mountain. This created collapses and massive skylights. The cave was named the largest in the world after a 2009 expedition to survey it by the British Cave Research Association.
Sorry This video does not exist.
Comments
Michelle Obama's vacation days are coming to an end, becauses she's set to make her first public appearance since leaving the White House.
On May 5 the former first lady will attend a College Signing Day event at The Public Theater in New York City to celebrate high school students pursuing higher education.
Hundreds, including a gang of celebrities, are expected to attend, but those who aren't going can still participate in the occasion. Here's what you need to know:
Tell me more about the event.
Obama is saluting students enrolling in a four-year university, community college or professional training program. And she won't be the only one. More 1,000 other events will be taking place across the country.
When is it?
It will be held Friday, May 5, 2017 at The Public Theater in NYC. The time has not been announced yet.
How can I watch?
MTV will host and livestream the event on its site. It will also be available for viewing on the network's Facebook page.
Who else will be there?
Andy Cohen, Billy Eichner, former congresswoman Gabby Giffords, iJustine, Keri Russell, Matthew Rhys, Michael B. Jordan, Neil Patrick Harris, Nick Cannon, Questlove and Zoe Kravitz are expected to appear. More than 200 NYC high schoolers will also be there.
How else can I participate?
Organizers are encouraging viewers to use the hashtag #CollegeSigningDay and to post a selfie of themselves in their college gear.
Check out the video announcement below for more information.
New Windwaker Has Arrived
There is a new Zelda game on the block. It is basically a remake of the original Zelda Windwaker game. I don't care what anybody says, this windwaker hd release still looks like it is for little kids, high definition or not. I mean sure it has cartoon violence, but it is just too cartoon like. It looks like Fairly Oddparents in 3d with swords. No offense.
The positive part of the game is it does have some pretty good glowing effects as well as some nice shadows to the characters. The downside is if you do not have a wii u good luck attempting to play the game. Wii U customers only. For those without a wii u, you may have to stick with the original Windwaker game made for the game cube.
I will hand it to you though. There is one part on the Zelda website that shows a special effect where the clouds go dark when you pick Ganondorf.
There is still sailing in the game, the famous master sword, and various others characters you may already be familiar with.
I did want to mention also that there is one monster that looks like it came off of Twilight Princess. The name of the enemy is Gohdan and it is a boss. It is that lame monster that just shoots out fireballs all day and smacks you around with its hands. Pretty easy to defeat with your arrows and a bomb.
First Person Capability
So here is another upside to the game. You can use your touchscreen on your gamepad to move items around with much more ease. Another cool feature I noticed is you can move around in the first person. For someone who has played minecraft and other games that switch between third and first person with ease, I think that would be very useful in really tight spots especially if the camera is acting peculiar.
Hero Mode Activate
It has a few other new features available, but one I really want to point out is the hero mode. I am big fan of taking on a challenge myself. If a game does not have a hard mode, it is not worth playing in my opinion. Zelda players are tough and have been around since the 1980's when the game was barely putting itself into the open market. If you are Zelda player, you know what it means to be a true hero and a noble player. You must take on tasks that may seem impossible and sacrifice your time to get it completed.
It may be a remake, but it is worth giving a try.
Multiplayer Zelda Would Be Great
Also I do wish they would come out with another zelda game that is fresh, new, and gives you the option to play as Zelda and not just Link. Maybe have coop version of it. Some Zelda fans may not like that idea though.
I have a friend that told me that would not be acceptable in Mario or Zelda. You know what? They did make a multiplayer version of Mario in part 1, part 2, and part 3. They even did in Super Mario World.
Just because a game goes 3d does not mean multiplayer has to be shot out the window. Minecraft and Dungeon Defenders are multiplayer games. Why not Zelda? No, I am not including Four Swords. When I say multiplayer, I mean stop spending all day saving the princess and have her join in on the action for once.
Get The New Windwaker
Anyway, if you crave to play the next big Zelda game out there (well probably not big, but it is a new version), feel free to check out the below items from Amazon, a wii u combo containing the hd version of Windwaker. If you are unable to get that for whatever reason (cost or you just don't want a wii u), I put a link for buying the original Windwaker game as well.
Zelda Combo
Already have a wii u, order the product by itself.
Original Wind Waker for Game Cube. Nothing beats the classics.
If you need any assistance with the game or anything else relating Zelda, let me know in the comments section below.
Your Fellow Zelda Fan
Jakob
Some mothers park their babies in a safe place while they look for food. Other mothers fly with their babies, even when the baby is huge and can already fly on its own.
Most bats have a breeding season, which is in the spring for species living in a temperate climate. Bats may have one to three litters in a season, depending on the species and on environmental conditions such as the availability of food and roost sites. Females generally have one offspring at a time, which could be a result of the mother's need to fly to feed while pregnant. Female bats nurse their youngsters until they are nearly adult size; this is because a young bat cannot forage on its own until its wings are fully developed.
Bat babies are usually born feet first so the wings don't get entangled. Some species give birth upside down and catch the babies in their wings. Others right side up, the mother hanging on with her wing claws and catching her baby with her leg-tail flap. The newborn moves quickly to the nipple under the mother's wings and hangs on tight with its specially adapted hooked milk teeth. Baby bats are huge, some up to 40% the weight of the mother!
Edit: After suckling under the moms wing – it has now climbed onto the mothers back for a snooze
Manufacturer: TheNerd's Junkyard and Model Rockets Co.Description:"The Kerbal X is one of the most successful rockets that can be ordered from a catalog. Despite the original design having been meant for a plastic model, it's proved itself quite dependable as a full-sized craft.The X is capable of achieving orbit around Kerbin, and even features a very optimistic set of landing legs on its upper stage.''Contains possibility of official set!Required resources:- 10,000 supportsResources:LEGO Bricks: LotsFlags: 1Z-MAP SatelliteMinifigures: 3 (Jebidiah Kerman, Bob Kerman, Bill Kerman)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now that all that official stuff's out of the way, thank you for supporting this project (if you haven't, go do that)! This project will be continually updated with things like designs for a Jebidiah minifigure, and much more. Also, make sure you lend your support to the other KSP projects on CUUSOO:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------What is Cuusoo?LEGO Cuusoo is a site where fans can submit their ideas for LEGO products, once a project reaches 10,000 supports it is reviewed by LEGO and has the possibility to become a set.You'll have to create an account to contribute. Don't worry though, creating an account is easy, you can even use Facebook to log in! Once you've created your account, you can press the "Support" button near the top of this page, and we'll be one step closer to getting this project into the next LEGO review!But remember, the road to 10,000 supports is a long one and we can only achieve this goal by working together as a community. Make sure to spread the word, tell every fan of the KSP you know to support this project so that we can get a KSP set!
It took England 399 balls to finally trap Steve Smith in front of his stumps. Smith was adjudged leg before wicket, a mode of dismissal that many fast bowlers around the world attempt, the minute he takes guard. But it rarely happens. Even when it does, it generally happens when Smith has already crossed some extraordinary milestone.
With a leg-stump guard, or at times, he calls for two-leg. Both his feet are close to each other, the bat is tapped behind the right foot with a slightly open face and raised towards gully. The knees are bent and then come the trigger movements that must haunt the English bowlers in their sleep.
As the fast bowler runs in, Smith places his right toe across the stumps, his right foot covering the base of the stumps. His hands are above the off-stump and the head on the line up of middle stump, tilted ever so slightly towards the off-side. At the point of release, the fast bowler has no vision on the wooden pegs he is supposed to target, all he can see is that white pad.
At that instance, accordingly to many experts and bowlers, Smith creates that impression that he is a prime LBW candidate. Former players-turned-commentators still believe he is vulnerable early in his innings with the incoming full ball at the stumps. Coaches see the vision and encourage their respective bowlers to target that pad. But the ball never thuds into the pad. On most occasions, Smith just punches the ball towards the on-side for a boundary.
Ever since Smith started the shuffle across the crease mid-innings at the WACA four years ago, fast bowlers have become obsessed in trying to get him out LBW. But perhaps it's time to look at the numbers.
Ever since returning to the Australian set-up as a batsman in 2013, Smith has been LBW seven times in his 98 innings. Out of those seven instances, he scored less than 30 four times. In the other three innings his scores read — 199, 71 and 239.
Let's exclude the 199 and 239 for now as, it's only fair to say, he has conquered the fast bowlers by then. This means fast bowlers around the world have succeeded in trapping him in front of his stumps in only four percent of his international innings. In an era of the DRS, those numbers are unbelievable. Interestingly enough, Smith has been only bowled in eight of his innings, out of which six times he had inner-edged the ball onto to the stumps.
Almost inadvertently, Smith has eradicated the LBW or bowled dismissals from his game with a shuffle across the stumps. It contradicts the mechanism of batting. How can it be that a player with a strong bottom-hand grip inclined to hit the ball on the onside from in front of his stumps does not have a high percentage of leg-before-wicket dismissals?
Last year during the 3rd Test against Pakistan, Smith told Channel 9, “If guys get me out LBW then I say to the bowler — ‘well done', but if I edge one outside of the off-stump then I get upset at myself.”
Smith went on to state, “You have to minimise the way you have to get out.”
There are two defining factors that make his unorthodox technique rather perfect against the incoming ball. One is the placement of Smith's front leg and his bat arc.
Ever since the LBW laws were amended, a majority of leg before dismissals are when a ball thuds into the front pad. In Smith's instance, his left leg rarely gets hit. To understand it, you need to start at the bowler's release point.
At the point the bowler releases the ball, Smith's left leg is well out of the way and totally outside the line of even the leg-stump. Most of Smith's weight is on that back foot. The front foot is very nimble and light, ready to move into the line of the ball while the head remains absolutely still.
It is worth noting that Smith is predominately a back-foot player, meaning he uses the back leg for maximum control and power. This means he rarely lunges on the front foot like a Ricky Ponting or a Virat Kohli, enabling him to always have that front pad out of the line of the stumps. On bouncy pitches of Australia, there is rarely a need for him to come forward and that suits his technique.
As the ball starts its path down the pitch, Smith is a master at aligning his head with the line of the ball and then ensuring his front leg is always inside the line of that delivery. The beauty of Smith's bat plane is that while it might start wide, in the crucial last 10% of the journey, the bat comes straight down the pitch, but ever so slightly down towards the leg-stump towards the non-striker's end. (This is assuming he is facing a right-hand bowler).
If Smith continued that bat path, the bat will end up getting wider and wider of the stumps. But the greatness of Smith lies in the fact that his impact point is so perfect and he manages to hold himself at the right point, to ensure he does not get squared up (his right hip coming around). Observe him side on and it is extremely rare you that will find him meeting the ball ahead of his eye line.
One of the prime reasons batsmen get out leg-before-wicket is because the ball generally nips in off the pitch or through the air and beats the inside edge of the bat wrapping a batsman on the front leg.
In Smith's instance, he rarely plants his front foot or if he does, it's such a small stride (that too never across the stumps), that even if a ball does jag back he rarely gets hit on the pad.
Add to all this, because of his dominant bottom-hand grip, the bat plane is towards the on-side ever so slightly which means it is difficult for the ball to slide past the inner edge, as he will continue to play with the inner movement. Importantly, Smith always plays with a straight bat and looking to just come down on the ball and not deflect it.
Technically speaking, this will leave a slight gap between bat and pad for the ball to pass through, but because of Smith's bat plane, which comes slightly towards the leg-stump at the non-striker's end, it means the bat is actually moving in the line of the incoming ball.
With that minimal foot movement, Smith must ensure that the impact point is precise otherwise there will be a gap between the bat and pad.
Speak to the batting coaches that have worked closely with Smith in recent years and they will tell you that his major area of focus during a net session is getting that impact point spot on. To see it close up, it is worth watching Smith hit thousands of balls from side on next to the crease and you will you realise, how rarely the bat gets in front of his body. It simply doesn't happen.
If it does happen, the gap between bat and pad will be substantial and Smith will get out bowled. But as statistics show, six of his eight bowled dismissals are because he has inside edged the ball on to his stumps. The margin for error is extremely slim.
So then one may ask how does he get out LBW? Smith's dismissal in Adelaide or even in Perth was the perfect example. Basically a bowler has a better chance of dismissing him by beating the outer edge rather than inner edge.
Many viewers burst out in laughter when Smith leaves the ball or completes a defensive shot with that extravagant finish. The reason it happens is because he is so determined and fighting his body's natural instincts of pulling through towards the mid-on. At the impact point, he has to stop or hold his position and then open up once he plays the shot. Otherwise he risks getting squared up or playing in front of the body. But this is part of his technique which he has mastered with thousands of repetitions.
On flat pitches, where there is no lateral movement, it is almost impossible to dislodge him. To expose that technique, the ball has to seam away from him from the line of the stumps — like it did in England in 2015 — or hit a crack — like it did in Perth.
Smith gets beaten because despite holding the face of the bat, the ball has moved substantially to hit the back pad or get the outside edge.
In the famous interview Don Bradman gave to Channel 9 over 20 years ago, the master batsman said, “As I brought my bat down I liked to close the bat face ever so slightly so it allowed me to play with the swing”. It is fair to say that Smith has the same traits in his batting.
With a technique that many people still believe is unorthodox, Smith has severely minimised two modes of dismissal (bowled or LBW) against fast bowlers, especially on tracks with minimum lateral movement.
To succeed against him, you need a pitch or a bowler capable of beating the outside edge of the bat. On the current Australian tracks, that is almost an impossible task. It is time for fast bowlers to be creative and conjure up alternative methods to dismiss the batsman who is starting to impose himself like Bradman. Bowling at his stumps is simply not going to work. Good luck to all the quick bowlers around the world.
If you ever wanted to know the perfect ball to Smith, watch Steve Finn dismissing him during the first innings of third Test at Edgbaston in 2015.
[+]Enlarge A compound in nutmeg might one day extend the refreshing zing of menthol in consumer products. Credit: Shutterstock
When you rinse with a menthol-flavored mouthwash, your mouth tingles because the compound triggers a cold-sensitive ion channel in sensory neurons in your mouth. Now scientists have found a new compound that is even more chilling. Isolated from nutmeg, this new chemical is the most potent activator of that cooling channel yet found in nature (ACS Med. Chem. Lett. 2017, DOI: 10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00104).
The cooling effect of this compound, part of a class of plant molecules called neolignans, comes on more slowly but lasts longer than menthol's. The scientists at the Kao Corporation who isolated it think it could be mixed with menthol to extend the brisk feeling of mouthwashes, toothpastes, and other products. However, it still has several hurdles to clear before having a chance on the market, experts say.
[+]Enlarge A neolignan compound activates an ion channel in sensory neurons called transient receptor potential melastatin 8 (TRPM8), producing a cooling sensation. It's 30 times as potent as L -menthol. Credit: ACS Med. Chem. Lett.
L -Menthol, derived from mint, is the king of naturally derived cooling compounds, added to products from cough drops to cosmetics. It's relatively cheap thanks to large-scale synthetic production. But it has some shortcomings: At low concentrations, its effect can be weak and short-lived, but bumping up its concentrations too high can cause irritation. So Kao and other consumer product makers have sought other cooling agents derived from natural sources, in part because natural flavors and fragrances have a greater market value than synthetic ones.
Tomohiro Shirai and his colleagues at Kao screened extracts of various botanicals and spices with an assay that measured activation of the ion channel, known as transient receptor potential melastatin 8 (TRPM8). An ethanol extract of dried nutmeg did the trick. The researchers eventually isolated and purified the compound responsible for the activation, though it wasn't easy. “It took more than a year to find the natural extract and many years to identify the actual compound,” Shirai says.
The nutmeg compound is about 30 times as potent as L -menthol, and almost as potent as icilin, a synthetic cooling agent. The scientists also found that a particular stereoisomer of the compound is 116 times as potent as L -menthol, surpassing icilin. The nutmeg compound binds TRPM8 at a different site than menthol does, meaning that it would not compete with menthol's effects if the two were combined.
The researchers then did a mouthwashing test by rinsing with a solution of the new compound for 30 seconds, and rating its cooling on a scale of 1 to 5 every five minutes for a half hour. “It showed very little irritation and only a cooling effect,” says Shirai. The nutmeg compound took five minutes to reach menthol's initial level of cooling, but its cooling effect lasted longer—for 30 minutes compared with 10 minutes for menthol. This lag is probably because the compound's molecular weight is about two and a half times that of menthol, and thus it has slower absorption in mucous membranes and on the skin, Shirai says.
By now you probably know that the emoji you send on an iPhone might not be the emoji that is received on a Nexus. Since emoji are designed differently across platforms, sometimes your text messages might get lost in translation. But how differently might your well-intentioned emoji be displayed? The reality might surprise you.
A study by the GroupLens Research team at the University of Minnesota examines the variations between some popular emoji presentations and how they are perceived. The most widely misinterpreted is the “grinning face with smiling eyes” emoji, which—depending on the platform—can range from the rosy-cheeked cherubic face of glee to the anguished clenched-teeth look of constipation.
Advertisement
Just seeing the difference in emoji presentations is revelatory in itself. But then it gets even more interesting. GroupLens researchers asked subjects to rate 22 anthropomorphic emojis from five platforms by sentiment, using a scale that ranged from strongly negative (-5) to strongly positive (5). And here's where you start to see where “grinning face with smiling eyes” goes so very wrong. Apple's average sentiment ranking was almost -1, while Microsoft, Samsung, LG, and Google all were 3 or above.
Advertisement
That wide range between sentiment rankings was named “misconstrual” by the researchers. You can see how the 22 emoji tracked across platforms, with “smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes,” “face with tears of joy,” “sleeping face,” and “loudly crying face” all having their own issues of interpretation. But “grinning face with smiling eyes” is still the clear winner when it came to sending the wrong message.
The researchers used this sentiment scale to track the intended and perceived meanings of these same emojis as well. It turns out that if you send an emoji between platforms, there's an automatic sentiment variance of about 2.04 points. But even within platforms, the average difference is 1.88 points. That's still quite a bit of misinterpretation.
Advertisement
As emoji make up a larger and larger portion of our written language—about half of the characters used on Instagram are emoji—the meanings of these characters become even more important to examine, notes co-author Hannah Miller in an essay about the findings:
We're excited about continuing this work along a number of fronts: considering emoji in the context of full text messages, investigating emoji communication breakdowns for people from different national cultures, asking similar questions of non-anthropomorphic emoji, building systems to help test the potential for miscommunication in a new emoji rendering, and so on. More generally, a number of scholars have argued that emoji represents a fundamental shift in language use. As such, fully understanding emoji's role in human communication will be an important step in developing the next generation of language technologies.
It also potentially puts some of the onus on Unicode, the international consortium that governs emoji, to possibly be a bit clearer in its definitions as it adds new characters (which is happening at a faster and faster rate). Platforms also redesign emoji all the time—Apple notably refreshed a few in iOS 8.3—so there is definitely an opportunity to “fix” a widely misinterpreted and potentially relationship-ruining emoji.
Advertisement
In the meantime, maybe avoid “grinning face with smiling eyes.” Lest you get the side-eye back.
[GroupLens]
A sedition case has been registered against Rahul Gandhi, Anand Sharma, Ajay Maken, Arvind Kejriwal, Sitaram Yechury, D Raja, KC Tyagi, Kanhaiya Kumar and Umar Khalid under section 124A of the Indian Penal Code in Saroornagar Police Station in Cyberabad, Hyderabad. The case been registered on the basis of a complaint filled by a local advocate, Janardhan Goud.
The Quint is in possession of the FIR which states that on 9 February, a group of students from JNU headed by Kanhaiya Kumar and Umar Khalid held a ‘cultural event' in support of Afzal Guru without any permission. Further, the complainant alleges that students shouted ‘anti-India' slogans and that JNU has become the hub for ‘anti-national' activities.
In his petition, Advocate Goud said Rahul Gandhi and other leaders, despite being aware that Delhi Police had registered a case against Kanhaiya on charge of sedition had visited JNU campus and knowingly supported them and hence it “amounted to sedition”. Further, he adds that that Rahul Gandhi along with Anand Sharma, Ajay Maken, Arvind Kejriwal, Sitaram Yechury, D Raja and KC Tyagi visited JNU “to support and to give solidarity to the students who have participated in protests against the nation”. The FIR then goes on to say that these politicians are “violating the constitution by supporting the anti-nationals”.
Lastly the complainant claims that while watching the news in his office, his “feelings, patriotism and sentiments were severly hurt” and hence he has registered the complaint. The court has posted the matter for hearing on March 4.
And Princeton University professor of African-American studies Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor has canceled all her upcoming public appearances amid a wave of death threats that followed a Fox News report critical of her comments about President Donald Trump, which she made at a May 20 commencement address at Hampshire College in Massachusetts.
Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor: “The president of the United States, the most powerful politician in the world, is a racist, sexist megalomaniac. It is not a benign observation but has meant tragic consequences for many people in this country, from the terror-inducing raids in the communities of undocumented immigrants to his disparaging of refugees in search of freedom and respite.”
Taylor said she would not give speeches planned for Seattle and San Diego this week, out of fear for the safety of her family after she received a torrent of vile comments and threats to her life. In a statement, Taylor wrote, “We have to change this dynamic and begin to build a massive movement against racism, sexism and bigotry in this country. I remain undaunted in my commitment to that project.”
The Place Beyond The Pines
This shadowy crime drama arrives from Blue Valentine director, Derek Cianfrance. Cianfrance reunites with star Ryan Gosling here wisely pairs him up with newcomer Bradley Cooper, the latter gaining serious cred in the acting arena and responsible for earning Silver Linings Playbook several awards show nods. The movie has already gained some glaringly positive reviews following a few select festival screenings. Based off previous movies, we have no doubt Cianfrance can add the right balance of tone to elicit career performances from Gosling and Cooper.
Man of Steel
Described as ‘the crown jewel' of DC Comics by some in the industry, it's about time a quality filmmaker like Zack Snyder (Watchmen, 300) put love and same attention to detail into Superman that franchises like Batman have enjoyed of late. Speaking of Batman, Christopher Nolan is acting as producer here and reportedly helped Snyder guide important elements of the story and tone. If Nolan had his hands on any part of this movie, coming off the heels of The Dark Knight Rises, audiences aren't wrong to expect the most compelling installment in this timeless franchise to date.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
It's fair to say The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey received mixed reviews at best, but for true Lord of the Rings fans it's still coveted as an opportunity to return to Middle Earth. Director Peter Jackson has clearly found ways to justify an entire trilogy, incorporating much of the lore easily left by the wayside. It's safe to assume the first installment of the slightly controversial trilogy merely served the purpose of setting the long oaken table in the hobbit-hole. Martin Freeman should continue to flourish in his title role alongside the brilliant Ian McKellen.
Monsters University
Pixar can seemingly do no wrong. The animation has no equal when creating movies ideal for kids that respect the intelligence of older audiences, blending complex emotional themes not seen since the likes of Lion King. Their latest installment, Monsters University, actually arrives around the same time kids who saw the original in theater would be entering college. It's been that long since Billy Crystal and John Goodman, monsters Mike & Sully, teamed up for one of the greatest feel good family friendly comedies to date. There's good reason to be excited – Pixar is highly versed in the art of sequels (see: Toy Story 3).
Star Trek Into Darkness
There's still quite a bit of mystery enshrouding the incumbent sequel to J.J. Abram's Star Trek revival, stemming from an explosive trailer that has Trekies itching in anticipation. Is that supposed to be Khan? Did they just allude to the death of Spock? Is the Enterprise going to crash, again? The franchise has hit a tremendous stride under new direction, ushering forth an impossible reality where more people are excited about an imminent Star Trek installment over the next chapter of Star Wars.
World War Z
Perhaps our morbid curiosity got the best of us here, but this adaptation of Max Brooks' bestselling novel is incredibly alluring – and not entirely for reasons encouraging. A Brad Pitt heavy trailer suggests serious liberties have been taken in plot, liberties that already seem to be generating tremendous backlash amongst fans of the original concept. Can audiences gain anything from a disaster flick with the XY portion of Brangelina? Maybe not. But hey, zombies!
Kick-Ass 2
The refreshingly original Kick-Ass finally gets its long awaited sequel with the added bonus of a rare Jim Carrey sighting as the newly recruited Colonel Stars and Stripes. Critics hailed the original ode to vigilantism for being equal parts compelling and hilarious, an unconventional comic book flick that never takes itself too seriously with just the right amount of gratuitous violence. Kick-Ass 2 promises to raise the stakes.
Ender's Game
It's any wonder Hollywood hasn't already churned out the appropriate adaptation for Orson Scott Card's cult classic sci-fi novel. Alas, Harrison Ford returns to the very interstellar space that made him famous alongside budding actor Asa Butterfield. Whether the film can step outside the immense shadow cast by the source material, Ender's Game seems to at least be a visual draw of blockbuster proportions.
12 Years a Slave
Following Quentin Tarantino's 2012 revisionist history epic Django Unchained, comes another story of an enslaved man in the antebellum south from one of my favorite up-and-coming directors, Steve McQueen. Best known for writing and directing 2011's controversial Shame, McQueen has broken character with this dark historical drama. 12 Years a Slave is the adaptation of an 1853 memoir written by Soloman Northup. The story follows Northup, a freed slave who is unwillingly forced back into slavery and passed from plantation to plantation for over a decade. The film features a cast that is a cinephile's wet dream with Brad Pitt, Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Dano, Paul Giamatti, Michael Kenneth Williams (Omar from the Wire), and Chiwetel Ejiofor in the lead role. Twelve Years promises to be an excruciating character study that is impeccably shot.
The Great Gatsby
Written off by many when first announced, The Great Gatsby raised further criticism when production was halted and the original release was pushed back. The film actually boasts the appropriately named director Baz Luhrmann and the talents of Leonardo DiCaprio as the lead role. A justifiable version of F. Scott Fitzgerald's could resonate effectively with audiences as the behavior of the 1% remains a considerably topical talking point.
by R. Ari Enkin
With the exception of the last day(s) of Pesach, the “shehecheyanu” blessing is recited as part of the Yom Tov candle lighting and the evening Kiddush. While most men generally fulfill their requirement to recite shehecheyanu by reciting it (or hearing it) as part of the Kiddush, most women recite it as part of the Yom Tov candle lighting.1
Although there is an opinion that women should not recite the shehecheyanu blessing at candle lighting, but rather to wait to hear it as part of Kiddush,2 common custom is not like this view. Indeed, women whose family custom is to recite shehecheyanu at candle lighting should be sure to do so regardless of all other considerations.3 It is interesting to note that if, for whatever reason, one did not recite or hear the shehecheyanu blessing at the start of the holiday, one may recite it anytime one remembers throughout the duration of the holiday.4
There is much discussion as to whether a woman who recited shehecheyanu as part of her candle lighting should answer “amen” when hearing it recited later on at Kiddush. This is because, according to a number of authorities, responding “amen” to the shehecheyanu of Kiddush would be a hefsek, a forbidden interruption, between the Kiddush and the drinking of the wine, if she already discharged her obligation to recite the shehecheyanu blessing when she lit the candles earlier.5 Indeed, a woman who recites Kiddush for herself on Yom Tov night does not repeat shehecheyanu as part of her Kiddush if she recited it earlier at candle lighting. According to this approach, a woman who recited “shehecheyanu” at candle lighting does not respond “amen” to the “shehecheyanu” at Kiddush,
In a slightly different approach, some authorities rule that a woman should not answer “amen” to the shehecheyanu recited as part of Kiddush, with the exception of Pesach, at which time she should. The reason for the difference is that the shehecheyanu recited as part of Kiddush on Pesach also serves to cover the other mitzvot of the evening, such as the four cups of wine and the eating of the matza. As such, it would not be a hefsek to respond amen to this specific shehecheyanu. Some also add the Kiddush that is recited on Sukkot eve to this exception since the shehecheyanu recited at that time serves to cover the mitzvot of Sukkot.6 On a related note, even those who do not recite their own Kiddush on Pesach night, but rather hear it from the head of the household, should raise their wine glass and hold it as if they were making Kiddush themselves.7
Most other authorities, however, permit a woman who recited shehecheyanu at candle lighting to respond “amen” when hearing it again as part of Kiddush. They argue that the shehecheyanu recited as part of the Kiddush is an inherent and integral component of the Kiddush that a woman must hear before she is permitted to eat the Yom Tov meal. Rav Moshe Feinstein explains that just like the shehecheyanu blessing is not a hefsek for the one making Kiddush, it is automatically not considered to be a hefsek for those listening to his Kiddush even if they already fulfilled their shehecheyanu requirement when lighting the candles. According to this approach, answering amen is not considered to be a hefsek.8
It is important to point out that the concern that answering “amen” to the shehecheyanu blessing recited as part of kiddush might be a hefsek is only relevant for a woman who intends to drink from the Kiddush wine (or grape juice). A woman who does not have the custom to drink some of the wine upon which Kiddush was recited is completely permitted to answer ‘amen' to shehecheyanu. This is because only the one who actually recited the Kiddush is required to drink any of the wine or grape juice. There is no true obligation for others present to drink any of the Kiddush wine even though widespread custom is to do so.9
Finally, some people have the custom to always recite their own borei pri hagafen blessing when drinking wine after hearing kiddush recited by someone else.10 A woman whose custom it is to do so is permitted to answer “amen” to shehecheyanu, or to any other blessing for that matter, before drinking the wine. This too is consistent with all that has been explained above. This is because any possible hefsek with a woman answering “amen” to the shehecheyanu at Kiddush can only affect the legitimacy of the “…borei pri hagafen” blessing and the permissibility of drinking the kiddush wine. It has no bearing, however, on the legitimacy of the actual Kiddush, and the permissibility of beginning one's Yom tov meal.
It is interesting to note that in most Yemenite communities, especially the “Baladi” and “Dardaim” ones, Yom Tov candles are not lit at all. And even those that do light Yom Tov candles generally do so without reciting the accompanying blessing.11 This is because there is no mention of a requirement to light Yom Tov candles in either the Gemara12 or Rambam13 — the two, almost exclusive, sources of halacha for Yemenite Jewry. Indeed, the primary reason we light Shabbat candles is due to the requirement of “shalom bayit”, namely, so that there should be light in the home on Shabbat eve.14 On Yom Tov, however, one is permitted to light a fire (from a pre-existing flame), and therefore, there is no true need for Yom Tov candles at all.
Barely acknowledged by the mainstream media, NATO launched in late November its largest-ever cyber defense exercises “Cyber Coalition 2013” to test the Alliance ability to defend its networks from attacks.
The exercises involved some 500 experts – more than 100 participants from the NATO Cyber Defense Center for Excellence and over 300 cyber defense experts from 32 states-members and partners of the Alliance, who worked remotely.
Cyber Coalition 2013 continued the line of NATO exercises Steadfast Jazz 2013, which were held in Poland and the Baltic states in the beginning of November.
Coincidence?
Besides repulsion of aggression against Estonia from an imaginary state Botnia, the exercises also featured testing NATO cyber defense mechanisms. By an amazing coincidence, in the very beginning of the exercises a number of Ukrainian, Russian, Polish and Baltic state sites underwent an attack . Even the site of NATO Cyber Defense Center in Tallinn was down for some hours.
OBSCURE GUESSWORK.
It's not still clear who was behind the attack, though there were some reports of a notorious hacker group Anonymous Ukraine, who cracked some NATO servers in 2011, claiming responsibility for it.
The day before the attack Anonymous Ukraine published a video to announce the beginning of the “Independence” operation against both Russian and European options for Ukraine integration. Up to here everything seems quite clear. However, it's strange that after the Estonian authorities lost control of the Ministry of Defense site for almost 24 hours (!), they decided not to conduct an investigation of the incident under the pretext of major expenses necessary. Quiet a strange statement to come from a country which hosts NATO Cyber Defense Center, which was created to defend Estonia against cyberattacks.
In Ukraine, things were different. The hacked sites of Ukrainian government bodies (the Prosecutor General, SBU medical service, etc.) featured a banner of NATO Cyber Defense Center in Tallinn warning that the sites didn't correspond to NATO security standards. Despite the hype in the social networks, there was no official reaction to the incident. Obviously, Kiev decided to swallow that to avoid “unnecessary consequences”.
It's clear that Yanoukovich didn't have enough guts to accuse NATO of cyberterrorism or conduct an independent investigation. By the way, while some Polish, Latvian and Estonian sites were also attacked, only Anonymous Ukraine managed to give an appropriate reaction.
Brussels, naturally, denied any involvement in the incidents. In the midst of the exercises NATO Cyber Defense Center in Tallinn officially announced that someone just used its name to discredit the work of the alliance. However, the perpetrator was never named (https://www.ccdcoe.org/453.html).
What is not possible for the official bodies becomes real with the help of the expert community, namely, the International Center for defense studies in Tallinn (again) under the direction of a notorious informational provocations specialist, a retired U.S. diplomat and political scientist Matthew Bryza. Piret Pernik, an expert of the Center, made thorough chronological research of the Steadfast Jazz 2013 incidents only to come to a staggering conclusion: the trace goes to Russia.
On the one hand, it's quite clear that from the Estonian point of view Russia is the only possible perpetrator. On the other hand, there should be at least some evidences. Pernik is sure that she has it.
In her opinion, the basic evidence is that Russian journalists reporting on this unfortunate incident dared to came with a hypothesis of what happened. Since Pernik is sure that Russia media are controlled by the FSB, their hypothesis is, evidently, a product of the Russian special services, which were certainly involved in the hack. A wonderful example of impeccable logic.
In fact, Russian media only proposed the evident – the attack was deliberately or non-deliberately executed by NATO in the course of the Steadfast Jazz 2013 exercises which tested the Alliance cyber defense capabilities. This conclusion becomes obvious after viewing the hacked sites, which displayed a banner claiming that the resource didn't correspond to NATO cybersecurity standards. The banner also included the logo of NATO Cyber Defense Center in Tallinn and telephone numbers of the contact persons.
Also, possessing some internet search skills proves to be enough to check that the “FSB-controlled” Russian media reports were, in fact, secondary information, since they provided only a digest of the wide discussion on blogs and forums.
Pernik also believes that the attack on Ukrainian and NATO sites was carried out from a Georgian IP-address. In her opinion, it provides yet another evidence of Russian trace. Well, firstly, what a Georgian IP has to do with Russia? Secondly, there was no investigation. That's why Pernik cites an anonymous cyber expert, and it sounds as ridiculous as “FSB-controlled Russian media”. There was no explanation of the origin of the IP and it's not clear why the IP is mentioned by an independent expert, while the NATO Center remains silent.
A HUMILATING REPROACH FOR TALLINN
As it happens, some Ukrainian experts we contacted on conditions of anonymity are absolutely sure, that the sites of the Ukrainian Prosecutor General and SBU were attacked from an Estonian IP-address. The experts say that this is why the Ukrainian authorities had to keep silence. Naturally, Kiev saw the attack as a warning send by NATO Cyber Center to its state-partners to inform them about the vulnerability of their internet resources.
Pernik also tries to prove Russian involvement by saying that the incidents got a wide coverage only in Russian media. That's just not true, and anyone can check it after a bit of googling. It is hard to miss a publication of Jane's Defence magazine, which points out that the incident is a humiliation for a country which started to receive huge financial support to develop cybersecurity after a serious cyberattack in 2007.
It should be noted that Tallinn was chosen as the NATO Cyber Defense Center HQ due to Estonian pressing requests to ensure its cybersecurity, caused by an outspread of computer attacks after the popular protest followed the dismantling of a Soviet Soldier monument in 2007. At that time, Estonian government also blamed Russia and demanded NATO to defend the country against the cyberattacks.
So, who is the real culprit behind the attacks on Ukrainian, Russian and Baltic sites in November? The cybersecurity experts agree that it is very difficult to investigate the activities of hacker groups and individuals. Cyberwars are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and it's almost impossible to check, confirm or disprove the information on the internet. That's why the state special services are collaborating with hackers or acting on their part.
Thanks to Edward Snowden the world is now aware of the illegal actions of the American special services, including computer piracy, stealing of personal information and hacking foreign state and private informational resources. As a matter of fact, the U.S. Cyber Command and NSA don't care about keeping their work secret anymore – it's enough to remember the speech delivered by Keith Alexander in Florida in the summer of 2013.
A SPUR TO HACKERS
As mentioned above, the cyber incidents got a wide coverage in the Ukrainian social networks and specialized hacker forums. The popular opinion is that Anonymous Ukraine is a pseudonym for some special service, probably even NSA or NATO Cybersecurity Center itself. It is also believed that the cyberattacks were in fact carried out as training for NATO Center experts in the course of the Steadfast Jazz 2013 exercises, which aimed at testing the methods on “dummies”, who could not provide an adequate response.
Another version states that the attack that involved NATO Cyber Center could have happened due to a computer mistake. Finally, it may well be that NATO cybersecurity experts executed a prepared scenario in cooperation with their counterparts from Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Ukraine and Estonia.
It is likely that we would never know who was behind these attacks – Ukrainian hackers, NATO cybersecurity experts or someone else. However, there is a general impression of a wide-scoped and sophistically planned provocation, carried out by two centers in Estonia in order to display Russia as an insidious cyber aggressor, draw some attention to its activity and provide a reason for increasing NATO cybersecurity budget.
Meanwhile, Russia is still behind the U.S. and other NATO members in the sphere of cybersecurity. The announced formation of cyber units is still to happen and there is no news about cybersecurity exercises.
It is not a coincidence that Russia promoted an UN initiative of limitation of the arms race in the informational sphere and offered other countries to join the Convention of International Informational Security.
While the U.S. and NATO are paying great attention to cyber warfare and refusing to treat other countries as equals, they, in fact, only encourage the interest of terrorist organization in asymmetric response and spur hackers all over the world. On that background, Tallinn centers blaming Russia seems as a failed attempt of shifting responsibility for strategic errors, technological mistakes and wrong choice of partners. As for the eloquence of the Estonian analysts, it is probably explained by an uneasy conscience, which, as it is known, betrays itself.
LA Galaxy Key Contributor
By Debbie Haar // @GalaxySoccerMom
Watching Tomas Hilliard-Arce walk into an L.A. Starbucks, you'd think he was any average 20 something college students grabbing a cup of coffee before class. That couldn't be farther from the truth. The 23-year-old center back, a twice PAC-12 defensive player of the year, lead his team at Stanford to three consecutive NCAA National Championships. He was then picked up by the L.A. Galaxy as the second pick of the first round in 2018 MLS SuperDraft.
Debbie Haar: Are you ready to do this?
Tomas Hilliard-Arce: Let's do it.
DH: The day after you were picked up by the Galaxy in the SuperDraft, what was going through your mind?
THA: I was scared. It was overwhelming. I'm confident in myself, but I just went from somewhere where I knew how to control the situation in college to where I'm at the bottom of the totem pole. There were a lot of stars on the team who probably wouldn't respect someone coming right out of college, so I had everything to prove. I was fortunate to come into a situation where I had 30 automatic friends and a club that cares about me.
DH: Do you have any pregame rituals?
THA: The team manager would give me smelling salts, then I would just hit him as hard as I could, like a chest bump or I'd smack myself in the head and get myself completely fired up. Makes me feel like if someone else were to hit me, I'm ready for it.
DH: What is your family like?
THA: We are very competitive. My Dad has set a very high standard so I've always feared failure.
DH: Did you fight with your sisters growing up?
THA: I started soccer late, like 11-12. My older sister and I were in karate growing up and she used to physically dominate me.
DH: Was there that pivotal moment when the tides turned?
THA: She just channeled her dominance into being emotionally abusive. (laughs)
DH: Are you a dog or a cat person?
THA: I really wanted a dog. My Dad said I had to train myself to be responsible, so I had to get a fish and keep it alive for 6 months first. (laughing) We used to leave and go on road trips and there was no one to feed it. I would just dump an unbelievable amount of food in there. It didn't even make it 3 months.
DH: I've seen you talk about faith, do you think your faith impacts you on the soccer field?
THA: My big moment of finding faith was on the field, so I feel like that is the place where it comes out the most. I've been able to play for those in my family who have passed away or gotten sick and I get a lot of strength from them. This year I was looking for something to really play for and put my heart on the field for. My 44-year-old cousin who lives in Costa Rica, who is just an amazing person, recently died unexpectedly a couple days after our vacation there ended. I was with her the day before we left, and being a pro soccer player here in the USA might not mean anything, but there it's everything. My mom called me the day after the funeral and said I was my cousin's hero, so I need to play for her this season. I have so many people supporting me, the least I can do is give them my all.
DH: What household chore do you hate to do?
THA: My mom is Latina and my Dad is American. My mom is a stay at home mom and loved to baby us kids. I was the only son, so she super babied me. Now that I live alone, I am really, really bad at laundry. It costs $3 in quarters and I feel bad going to the cashiers and asking for all their quarters. Plus, it always comes out wrinkly.
DH: Do you play video games?
THA: I am a video game guy! Right now I'm all Fortnite. A lot of my friends are professional soccer players so we get home at 1pm. What are you going to do all day?
DH: I see other players on the Galaxy playing [Fortnite], like David Bingham.
THA: I play [Fortnite] with him, he's a fun guy to play with. He's super competitive on the field and at video games.
DH: Do you have a favorite TV show?
THA: I'm pretty religious about The Bachelor.
DH: Do you have a favorite movie?
THA: I'm a big RomCom guy. I'm supposed to be a big tough center back so I can't say The Notebook, but it's such a good movie. I'm a big Rachel McAdams fan. I'm a hopeless romantic.
DH: Toilet paper roll, over or under?
THA: I live in a little apartment with another guy who plays soccer and we have the most male apartment ever. We don't have any essentials. We don't have scissors or anything sharper than a butter knife. We don't even have a toilet paper dispenser thing.
DH: Tell me something you are bad at?
THA: Cooking! I never cook. Most of the time when they give us lunch at the facilities I take a bunch of to-go boxes and eat it for dinner.
DH: Do they tease you about that?
THA: Oh for sure! They say learn how to cook or stop looking like a homeless dude when you're leaving.
DH: Tell me about a time in your life when you were being tested or challenged.
THA: To make it to pro soccer you have to have been “the man” on the team you came from and to get here and be competing with 30 other men is challenging. I realized I was a college player and now a rookie, and pretty much the youngest out there. You can either get frustrated with it or create a lesson learned from it. I remember sometimes when I felt like I deserved something, and it wasn't given to me, I was on the verge of anger or frustration or even tears because I felt helpless, I had done everything I could but I still wasn't getting what I wanted. That's part of being a professional, putting the last play behind you and moving on. This year when I face those things I'll be prepared.
DH: What's a phrase you say a lot?
THA: I say this in just the weirdest situations. I like to say “let the kids play!”. It started in college when the players who didn't play much, on the days after games, would be so excited to play. Coming into last season when I wasn't playing much, I always just wanted to get out there and play, and have fun, and show what I can do. So I'd say, “let the kids play.” Now I say it in any situation. If there's a really good lunch buffet they've given us, “let the kids play!” (laughing) Doesn't really make sense.
DH: Do you have huge goals you want to achieve?
THA: Actually I don't with soccer. When I got recruited for soccer, Stanford wasn't very good, they were ranked like 100th in the nation. I went to this prestigious private high school where people looked down on me for either my intelligence or my dedication to soccer. Then when I got into a very good school because of [soccer], I thought that was the end of it. I'll go to Stanford, get a degree and a good job and show those people. Playing pro soccer is like the icing on the cake. My goal is to continue to prove people wrong. After my first year in pro soccer, I now have doubters. People have said I can't do something, now I can prove to them that I can. I think I've always just wanted to be a really good dad. I want to push my kids to exhaustion. My kids have no choice, they have to play soccer.
DH: What if they are derpy and uncoordinated?
THA: I will force that out of them through exercise! (both laughing)
DH: You do well under pressure, clearly, you play professional soccer.
THA: My first game I started playing in front of 30,000 people was my best game ever because of the pressure. I like being the guy at the front of the sled and helping push it along. Even now being one of the younger people on the team I try to be a leader.
DH: What is the best gift you've ever been given, like a birthday or Christmas gift?
THA: My parents don't give birthday or Christmas gifts. I feel like my parents love me so much and don't get me presents. When someone do I'm like, “holy crap you love me.” My ex-girlfriend did that. I've only been in one relationship. She did so much, it wasn't even a [specific] gift, it was her heart, every day.
DH: That's so cute. :gives sappy look: (both start laughing)
I'm excited to see how Tomas brings his competitive personality and drive to the field. The Galaxy had a rough season defensively last year and I'll be watching Hilliard-Arce to see how he can contribute to the back line.
Featured image: @LAGalaxy
Follow and chat with me on Twitter // @GalaxySoccerMom
Check us out on Instagram @mlsfemale
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will on Wednesday visit Rourkela in Odisha to inaugurate the second modernization project of Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP). The 4.5 million tonne modernisation project of RSP of the Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) has been built with an expenditure of about Rs 12,000 crore.
Prime Minister Modi is also scheduled to visit the plate mill of RSP and hold discussions on various development works carried out by the plant authorities. He will later also address a public rally.
Union Steel and Mines Minister Narendra Singh Tomar, Union Tribal Affairs Minister Jual Oram, Union Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and senior officials of the steel ministry and SAIL are likely to accompany the Prime Minister during his visit. "The Prime Minister will visit the Rourkela steel plant and is coming by a special flight. He will be honoured with a floral tribute," said Oram.
"He will see the activity inside the steel plant. Eminent personalities will pay him floral tribute. He will address the people too. We are also waiting for the development although the Central Government has contributed immensely in our development," he added.
If you know the history of the first Nexus 7, you'll know that it didn't begin life as a collaboration between Asus and Google. Google apparently saw Asus' Eee Pad Memo ME370T at last year's CES and was impressed enough to use it as the basis for the first Nexus-branded tablet. The Memo Pad HD 7 shares quite a bit in common with its distant cousin, but there's one important difference: it costs $149. That's $50 less than the original Nexus tablet and $80 less than its successor.
We still think that the new Nexus 7 is the best small Android tablet available at any price, but if $229 is more than you want to pay, there are quite a few things to like (and a few things to dislike) about the new Memo Pad.
Body, build quality, and screen
Specs at a glance: Asus Memo Pad HD 7 Screen 1280×800 7" (216 ppi) IPS touchscreen OS Android 4.2.1 "Jelly Bean" CPU 1.2GHz quad-core MediaTek MT8125 RAM 1GB GPU Imagination Technologies PowerVR SGX544 Storage 16GB NAND flash (expandable via microSD) Networking 802.11b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS Ports Micro USB, headphones, microSD card Size 7.75" × 4.75" × 0.43" (196.8 x 120.6 x 10.8 mm) Weight 0.67 lbs (302 g) Battery 3950 mAh Starting price $149 Other perks 2MP front camera, 5MP rear camera, power adapter
From the front, the Memo Pad and the 2012 Nexus 7 look just about identical. They each have a front-facing camera mounted in the center of the bezel above a seven-inch, 1280×800 display. The bezel width is the same on both tablets—slightly narrower on the sides than on the top and bottom—and an Asus logo embedded into the bezel below the screen is the biggest different between the two. Both screens are surrounded by very similar plastic rims, matte silver on the 2012 Nexus 7 but glossy black on the Memo Pad.
Flip the two tablets over and you'll find more obvious differences. The older Nexus 7 has a soft-touch plastic back with an attractive and nice-to-hold texture, while the Memo Pad uses hard, flat plastic in one of several colors (ours is a near-black dark blue, but pink, white, grey, and green are also available). The tablet has the 5MP rear-facing camera that the 2012 Nexus 7 lacks and also includes an SD card slot for expanding the storage, but the button and speaker placement is the same as last year's Google tablet. The Memo Pad is a little lighter than the Nexus (0.75 pounds compared to 0.67) but otherwise the two are comparable in height, width, and thickness.
The worst thing about the tablet is that it feels distinctly creaky and plasticky throughout—it doesn't feel terrible in the hand, but you can tell how much it costs by holding it in a way that is not true of the old (or new) Nexus 7. It's not too different from how the Hisense Sero 7 Pro feels. In fact, while I personally don't care as much for that tablet's brown-and-only-brown color, the Sero feels like the sturdier tablet, though it's a bit larger and heavier as a result. The Sero also has an LED flash to go with its rear-facing camera, while the Memo Pad has none.
As for the screen, it's again similar to last year's Nexus 7. It's a 1280×800, 216 PPI IPS display with good viewing angles and good (if slightly washed-out, compared to the new Nexus 7) colors. Unfortunately, it appears to suffer from the same problem we noticed in the Sero 7 Pro. There's a little more space between the front glass, which makes the panel "pop" a bit less (for lack of a better, more scientific word). Contrast, color saturation, and black levels suffer the most from this change—it's not something you'll probably notice if you don't have the two tablets sitting next to each other, but it's definitely noticeable.
Camera
The camera is definitely not great—it's fine for quick, unglamorous, utilitarian things like taking pictures of labels or QR codes. But taking actual photographs that you would want to share with other human beings is a shakier proposition. It does do a better job with colors and white balance than the 2013 Nexus 7 though.
It's a question that has perplexed scientists: does diarrhea have a purpose?
That is, is diarrhea is a symptom of disease, or does diarrhea actually help clear the bacteria causing an infection.
Cecile Borkhataria of the Daily Mail reports that scientists have found in sick mice, proteins caused microscopic leaks in the intestinal wall that let water in, making the mouse poop looser and limiting disease severity.
The study, conducted by researchers at Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH), looked at the immune mechanisms that drive diarrhea.
Diarrhea can have many different causes, including infections, certain types of medications, too much caffeine or alcohol and many more.
It happens when there's an excess of water in the intestines, which is normally re-absorbed by the body.
The intestinal wall is lined with cells, and some water can pass through the cells, holes in the lining or via junctions between the cells.
‘The hypothesis that diarrhea clears intestinal pathogens has been debated for centuries,' said corresponding author of the study Dr Jerrold Turner of the BWH Departments of Pathology and Medicine.
‘Its impact on the progression of intestinal infections remains poorly understood.
‘We sought to define the role of diarrhea and to see if preventing it might actually delay pathogen clearance and prolong disease.'
To conduct the study, the researchers used a mouse infected with a bacterium called Citrobacter rodentium – the mouse equivalent of an E. coli infection.
Within two days of the mouse being infected, the researchers saw an increase in the permeability of the mouse's intestinal barrier – leading to water entering the intestines, causing diarrhea.
This occurred well before inflammation cellular damage of the intestines.
The researchers discovered two new proteins involved in causing diarrhea – interleukin-22 and claudin-2, which humans possess too.
They found that when the mouse was infected, immune cells travelled to the intestinal wall and produced interleukin-22.
Interleukin-22 binds to cells on the intestinal wall, causing the release of another protein called claudin-2.
It's claudin-2 that causes the leak in cellular junction in the intestinal wall, allowing water to enter it and cause diarrhea.
The researchers tested three different kinds of mice – regular mice, genetically modified mice that produce large amount of claudin-2, and mice that didn't make any claudin-2.
The regular mice had diarrhea when they got sick, and the mice that made more claudin-2 always had diarrhea.
The mice that didn't make any claudin-2 had more e injuries to their intestinal lining, and they still had diarrhea because it seemed as though their immune system attacked the cells help make some diarrhea.
In related poop news, Rob Knight, one of the founding fathers of gut microbiome research, in 2012, used the crowdfunding platform FundRazr to coax more than 9,000 volunteers into first donating money, and then sending samples of their poop through the mail. A team of researchers probed these samples for bacterial DNA to create the first census of the 40 trillion or so bacteria that call our guts their home.
Kyle Frischkorn of the Smithsonian quotes Knight, who directs of the Center for Microbiome Innovation at the University of California at San Diego, as saying, “You get an ongoing input of microbes from your environment—microbes you eat on food itself.”
One of the mysteries sparked by the American Gut Project was why two people who claimed to follow the same diet could have such different communities of gut microbes. For the study, volunteers had self-reported their diets, with the vast majority following omnivorous diets, and less than 3 percent each identifying as “vegetarian” or “vegan.” When researchers crunched the numbers, however, they found no discernible correlations between gut communities and those with seemingly similar diets.
“Diet categories were completely useless and didn't correlate with the microbiome communities at all,” says Knight.
In other words, the bacteria in poop were telling a different dietary story than the people making that poop. “You can be a vegan who mostly eats kale, or you can be a vegan who mostly eats fries,” Knight explains. “Those have totally different consequences for your microbiome.” Anyone can claim to be a die-hard adherent to the Paleo Diet, it seems, but the data suggested that the microbiome remembers all those midnight ice cream transgressions.
Knight realized that the results of the American Gut Project were missing something crucial: A deeper dive into the food we eat. Filling that gap would mean analyzing all the food going in, and seeing how it correlated with the patterns in what comes out. But while collecting poop was, in some sense, straightforward—each person “submits a sample” in the same way—tallying up all the many foods people eat would be a lot more ambitious.
Every time you ingest, you change the interior landscape of you. Because the bulk of bacteria in the microbiome live in the gut, when we feed ourselves, we feed them too. The chemistry of what we eat, be it fries or kale, alters the chemical landscape of the gut, making it more cozy for some and less hospitable for others.
It gets livelier. Because microbes are everywhere—on the table, in the air, on the surface of the muffin you left out on the counter—you're also adding new microbes to the mix. Some stroll through your body like polite tourists. Others stick around and interact with the locals. Every bite has the potential to alter the microbiome, and subsequently human health. But researchers have yet to figure out how.
That's because, until now, we didn't have the platform to embark on the massive endeavor of collecting and analyzing food samples from around the world. Thanks to the American Gut Project, Knight and his team aren't starting from scratch. Initially, the researchers plan to collect 1,000 samples from every brick of the familiar food pyramid, and then they'll open it for the public to submit whatever foods they're curious about.
“We know about calorie count, and about different food groups, but the whole world of the molecules and the microbes in our food is a black box,” says Julia Gauglitz, a post-doctoral researcher at the Center for Microbiome Innovation who will direct a new project. As the old adage goes, “we are what we eat,” she says. And yet, when you get down to the microscopic level, “we know very little about what we're consuming.”
Everything we eat is the cumulative product of the chemistry and microbes in the soil where it was grown, the factory where it was processed, and whatever you touched right before you ate it. Why is that important? Ultimately, the team hopes, demystifying the microbial patterns in our food will help us better engineer our diets to improve our health and ward off disease.
Knight draws a historical parallel to the discovery of essential nutrients. In the last century, researchers figured out that industrially processed foods had become nutrient-depleted. By artificially adding vitamins and minerals back in, deficiency diseases like rickets and beriberi were largely eliminated from the Western world. Similarly, understanding the health effects of the microbiome could allow us to engineer those missing microbes back into our meals.
“It's fairly likely that our modern lifestyles are stripping out a whole lot of live microbes that we need to maintain health,” says Knight. “Getting an understanding of that could be as important as the understanding that vitamin C is necessary and making sure that everyone got enough of it.”
The defeat of Democrat Hillary Clinton at the hands of President-elect Donald J. Trump in Florida was predictable and baked in long before Election Day. Yet, the same know-nothing pundits who were wrong on every level in 2016 and stubbornly ignored objective data are still trying to pretend they know what they are talking about.
An article on the Tampa Bay Times, which cites “new data” from a Democratic consultant firm, claims Clinton led President-elect Trump “by nearly 250,000 votes from people who voted by mail or in person prior to Election Day.”
“Trump just crushed Election Day,” Democratic consultant Steve Schale, who ran President Barack Obama's 2008 Florida campaign told the Tampa Bay Times. “There is no other way to look at it.”
Ugh. Here we go again. There is another way to look at it–the right way.
Schale, who made wildly inaccurate bias claims disguised as analysis before he was proven wrong, leaves out a large part of the story in an effort to save his reputation. Before you get tempted into thinking his past experience in Florida equals expertise, I'd caution you to not underestimate how strong of a candidate President Obama was in both 2008 and 2012.
Mr. Obama won Florida, twice, not Mr. Schale. He probably could've done so with Big Bird running his campaign.
The assertion that Clinton's loss “happened on Election Day” is misleading, simple-minded and simply inaccurate. As I warned readers repeatedly in the weeks leading up to November 8, and have in the past, analyzing the early vote can be “screwy” because it doesn't tell us anything about voting preference, just voting behavior. The reasons why were laid out marvelously by Sean Trende at RCP, but it's important to remember they are two different things.
What we can and did ascertain from the early vote was that Clinton was underperforming President Obama in the state of Florida and President-elect Trump was outperforming Gov. Mitt Romney. The claim that “Clinton's early vote lead was about 66 percent bigger than President Barack Obama's in 2012” is just flat-out wrong.
In 2012, after the final day of early voting, Republicans had cut Democrats' aggregate lead from 8 points in 2008 to 4 points. In total, Republicans cast 79,000 more absentee ballots than Democrats, but trailed in the in-person early vote (EV) by 247,000. The combined advantage for Democrats was roughly 168,000 partisan ballots.
On November 6, as we demonstrated that day, Democrats had cast roughly 102,000 more in-person early vote ballots than Republicans, or 1,461,358 to 1,359,284, which was about 140,000 fewer ballots than they did in 2012. Meanwhile, Republicans cast roughly 70,000 more absentee ballots than Democrats, or 1,043,583 to 974,135, which was slightly fewer but still roughly on par.
Democrats were gearing up to head into Election Day 2016 with a combined advantage of just 32,000, but ended up expanded their early vote advantage by about 80,000, leaving them still down significantly from 168,000 in 2012. When analyzing the data against the results of the PPD Sunshine State Battleground Poll, which tracked the presidential election on a weekly basis, Clinton's advantage was roughly 50% of the edge enjoyed by Mr. Obama in 2012.
“It was very clear that the Democrats were cannibalizing their Election Day vote,” GOP chairman Blaise Ingoglia, a state representative from Spring Hill told the Tampa Bay Times.
But it wasn't at all clear to Schale, the media reports and other pollsters. Of course Mr. Trump won on Election Day. Republicans reliably vote in larger numbers on Election Day. But Clinton even squeezed more votes out of Broward County than President Obama did, though under more than a little suspicious conditions.
It just wasn't ever going to be enough. FLASHBACK:
In fact, Clinton never led in the PPD Sunshine State Battleground Poll, which had President-elect Trump up in the state by 2 points on the final day released November 6. With the exception of a Bloomberg Poll taken a week prior, PPD was the only pollster that found Clinton behind and certainly the only one who told our readers Trump was not only going to carry the lower-propensity independent vote but voters that previously backed Mr. Obama.
Schale was given adequate information to know this, but just chose not to acknowledge it and, as a result, he suffered what could've been a career-ending professional embarrassment.
Exhibit A: The tweet from my election night teammate explaining why and how the remaining likely voter demographics favored President-elect Trump.
Greg–who talked me off the cliff when we first received the bogus exit polls indicating whites were 60% of the electorate–was right. The PPD Poll had estimated the electorate to be 66% white, on average. The data backed up our analysis, the PPD Sunshine State Battleground Poll and, consequently, reality. Schale chose to ignore it and he misled people. Now, he's trying to do so again.
“Had the FBI director not chosen to insert himself into the campaign with a week to go, I suspect Clinton would have carried Pinellas (albeit very narrowly),” Schale “speculated” to TBT.
Again, this is speculation that we can say confidently is false. We know from our regional data analysis and polling that Clinton's loss in Pinellas County was predictable weeks before and did not hinge on FBI Director James Comey. This is another widely cited post-mortem claim rooted in falsehoods, cooked up by failed political consultants and pushed by members of a party unwilling to acknowledge why they lost–badly.
I'd strongly suggest he and others in his position lose the hubris, stop peddling phony analysis in an attempt to save their reputation, and start putting together a plan to earn back the public trust. They can start by telling the whole story because, whether they like it nor not, we're just not going to let Mr. Schale and others return to business as usual.
Hillary Clinton lost Florida and the 2016 presidential election not because some mysterious hidden force in the universe unexpectedly turned out more voters than was foreseeable before and on Election Day. She lost the election because she lost the argument. That happened way before Mr. Comey and certainly before November 8.
Anyone who followed PPD, unlike the rest of the world, wasn't surprised on election night.
As prices for commodities have dropped, the value of the Canadian dollar has fallen, a direct link to an economy that is dependent on oil and other resources. It makes imports, like fresh American vegetables during the dark Canadian winter, look especially costly. Two years ago, one Canadian dollar was worth 93 American cents. On Wednesday, it stood at 69 American cents.
Iceberg lettuce sells for 3 Canadian dollars, up from the typical 90 Canadian cents. One head of broccoli goes for $4, compared with $1.50 for two in the past. Last winter, a head of cauliflower was selling for 2.50 Canadian.
U.S. food prices expected to rise
There is plenty of concern over the future of food prices in America right now, and for good reason. Even big business is growing wary. Most of the western United States is experiencing a drought of epic proportions, which is most certainly going to have an effect on food prices nationwide. Droughts, along with the changes they force on supply lines, increased transportation costs, and destruction of livestock and farmland, all play a pivotal part in determining food prices.
Grow your own!
As September creeps closer and kids start heading back to school, we can't help but find ourselves a little nostalgic for our neon-colored 90s education. And while we certainly remember what school was like at that time, it's the 90s commercials that really paint a picture of how funny things were back then.
From Yikes pencils and Trapper Keepers to pizza-obsessed kids and totally lame parents, going back to school in the 90s looks even more ridiculous than we remember. Commercials for just about everything school-related pushed forth some baffling stereotypes, including that all lunch ladies and gym teachers were nightmarish gum-Nazis. And don't even get us started on the talking robot.
Click through our slideshow below for a refresher on what going to school was like when "Are You Afraid Of The Dark?" was the scariest thing on TV and Sunny Delight was considered a healthy beverage. For more "educational" humor be sure to check out 45 back-to-school FAILS after that.
Imagine, if you will, that instead of reading this garbage, you're enjoying an exciting night out at the theatre. You take your seat and, after a few minutes, the curtain rises – but something's wrong. The actors look decidedly squat. Stretched out horizontally. Their faces smeared to almost double their usual width.
Come to think of it, the set also looks wrong – as if it's reflected in a funhouse mirror. The whole thing makes you feel nauseous and slightly drunk. You look at your hand, which appears normal, then back at the stage – which still looks strange. You glance around the auditorium in distress, only to discover your fellow audience members – also normal – don't even appear to have noticed. They're all happily following the on-stage action, apparently oblivious to the bizarre optical illusion taking place before their very eyes.
Confused, you stumble out into the lobby where, as luck would have it, you bump into an usher. You explain what's wrong and beg him to help. But he merely shrugs and asks: "Does it matter?"
Obviously, that's a mad scenario. But that's the sort of thing that happens in cinemas these days, when there's only one projectionist looking after umpteen screens. The encounter with the usher actually happened to someone I know. And to answer the usher's question: yes, it does matter. Because if your cinema can't be bothered to show films properly, we might as well stay home and watch dogs blowing off on YouTube. The image might be blocky, but there's less chance of catching listeria from a hotdog while watching it. And, with any luck, it'll have been uploaded in the correct aspect ratio.
Did I say "aspect ratio"? Yes I did. And if you don't have a clue what I'm talking about, there's a very good chance your television at home is set to the wrong aspect ratio, in which case I'd like you to stop reading right now and punch yourself hard in the kidneys.
There are only two kinds of people in this world: those who don't have any problem with watching things that are randomly stretched or squashed, and decent human beings who still have standards. Seriously, anyone who wilfully spends hours basking in front of a TV upon which every scene, every object, every face is monstrously distorted clearly has such a slovenly lack of self-respect, I'd be surprised if they bother to wipe after going to the toilet – assuming they still use a toilet, that is. To be honest, they probably just go right there on the sofa. What's wrong with you people? Why have you given up?
You may say I'm a pedant – but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you'll join us, and the world will live as one. Please note, however, that my vision of global harmony is presented in a 16:9 aspect ratio. And if you don't know what that means, you'd better find out quickly, before the stormtroopers come for you. Hurry. They're peering through your letterbox right now.
That last line was an aspect ratio joke you're not geeky enough to get. See how you're missing out?
"Still, if you choose to punish your own eyeballs in your own home with your own incorrectly-adjusted television, at least you're only hurting yourself, whereas cinemas which lazily fart films at the screen without checking they're even the right way up are displaying naked contempt for a roomful of innocent strangers paying for the privilege. Years ago I saw the film Downfall at a local multiplex. During the final act, the picture suddenly went out of whack, so Hitler's forehead was at the bottom of the screen and his moustache was at the top. Turns out it's hard to take Hitler seriously when that's happening. After a few minutes of this, people started calling for the projectionist to sort it out. But nothing happened. After 10 minutes, someone went to get the manager. After about 20 minutes, the problem was sorted out – at a guess, because the reel changed automatically. When the film ended and the credits rolled (miraculously, the right way up the screen), I tried to complain to the manager, only to find myself talking to an oppressed ticket-ripper, who explained, wearily, that despite having about 12 auditoriums, they only had one projectionist, who had to run between screens like a man spinning plates. "Why don't you hire more projectionists?" I asked. He just looked at me, trapped and helpless, as another paying customer came over to complain. If you ask me, every screen should have its own projectionist, as well as an usherette, an organist, a conductor, and a sniper trained to blow the heads off anyone who dares open their mouth after the titles start.
That was about six years ago. Today if you go to the cinema, you're slightly less likely to be subjected to that kind of error if they're using a digital projector, in which case there's probably no projectionist at all, just some kind of iPad app flickering in the darkness. Fortunately, there's a chance the film will still be ruined by your fellow audience members, who will loudly field phone calls throughout, because they're selfish dunces with no concentration span, reared in a modern world with no respect for the correct way of approaching any piece of filmed work, even if it's Transformers 3, which is this: either watch it properly, in the correct aspect ratio and in absolute silence, or get out of the room and go home, where a galaxy of smudgy, 28-second YouTube videos awaits you with cold, open arms.
There were reports of bomb threats at JCCs in New Jersey, New York, California, Colorado and Utah. (Published Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017)
Some Jewish Community Centers in the tri-state area were told to evacuate as a precaution Tuesday as authorities investigated reports of bomb threats at the religious centers for at least the third time this month.
JCC MetroWest in West Orange, New Jersey, sent out an email to members around noon indicating everyone at the building was safe and asking people to stay away as authorities investigated. A later email said the JCC received a threatening phone call that was later determined to be unfounded.
The JCC of Greater New Haven in Woodbridge, Connecticut, was also evacuated after receiving a threat Tuesday, and a JCC in Syracuse was targeted as well. Centers in Colorado, California and Utah were also evacuated.
Tuesday's scare is the latest in a series of bomb threats targeting JCCs across the country this month. Sixteen centers, including MetroWest, were threatened in nine states on Jan. 9, according to Marla Cohen, communications manager for the New-York based, JCC Association of North America.
Bomb Threats Prompt Evacuation of Jewish Community Centers
Chopper 4 was over this community center in Tenafly, New Jersey, Monday after bomb threats were called in to Jewish community centers in at least five states. (Published Monday, Jan. 9, 2017)
Nine days later, Cohen said, 28 centers in 17 states were threatened. She said some of the threats came in as robo dialers and some were actual people. The FBI was assisting in the probe.
There were no injuries or actual explosives reported found following the earlier bomb threats.
Faced with an insistent barrage of attacks from Narendra Modi supporters on social media, Congress on Wednesday accused the Prime Minister of being the “first leader in the free world to run an army of trolls”. Party spokesman Ajoy Kumar claimed that the rise of Modi as the Prime Minister is “directly linked with exponential rise of abuse and hate-mongering on digital media.”
Advertising
Given the low entry barrier, relatively hidden identity and zero accountability, creating and propagating fake news and attacking individuals based on race, gender, religion, region and caste has been the “modus operandi” of BJP, he alleged.
Watch what else is making news
“It is unprecedented that Prime Minister of the country follows, meets and actively encourages such trolls,” he claimed. Sadhvi Khosla, a former Modi supporter, has recently “exposed” these scandalous practices to a noted journalist.
“Shockingly, the troll army are now senselessly attacking Khosla and the journalist,” said Kumar at the AICC briefing showing video clips of the trolls and detailing how some businessmen were active in this campaign from the beginning.
He claimed that some of these scandalous practices to “berate, humiliate and threaten” are by identifying people, who have written anything criticising Modi, and attack them, bully them, threaten them with a view to silence their voice into submission.
Citing an instance, he alleged that morphed and vulgar pictures of Nandana Sen, daughter of Amartya Sen were circulated over social media only because of criticism of the Prime Minister by the Noble laurete.
“This troll army did not even spare the son of former Union Minister Arun Shourie, who is challenged by Cerebral Palsy, only because Shourie dared to criticise Modi,” he added.
Political activists criticising Modi and his policies have suffered the worst kind of lewd, dirty and filthy abuse and treatment online, Kumar claimed.
He said he wanted the Prime Minister to tell as to who are these trolling individuals and organisations whom he “hosts, follows, encourages and protects?”
Advertising
“Why does Modi act as the benefactor, protector, nurturer of these hate mongers and misogynists?” he said, adding whether the Prime Minister would show courage of conviction to constitute a special committee under judicial supervision to identify and punish such scandalous troll army involved solely in suppression of opinion and indulging, abuse, hate, communal polarisation, threats and pushing morphed and scandalous content.
Kate Beaton
I'm going to be at
Speaking of Pizza Island, that is my studio, if you didn't know! We have a blog, right now there is a tour of everyone's desks up, mine was published yesterday! Take a look:
One more thing: I have A guest comic! In a way. This update was written by my little sister, Laureen. She's a funny lady! She doesn't have a website, but you can follow her on Twitter, she's @laureenbeat - we have more Julius Caesar comics on the way!I'm going to be at MoCCA Festival this weekend! Maybe I will see you there! I will be either at the Topatoco table or the Pizza Island table, but I'm just visiting this show in and out, it will be pretty laid back.Speaking of Pizza Island, that is my studio, if you didn't know! We have a blog, right now there is a tour of everyone's desks up, mine was published yesterday! Take a look: Pizza Island! We were recently featured in New York Magazine. Pretty cool!One more thing: I have a new interview up at Sequential Tart. Check it out! Store!
The Stranger Beside Me is a 1980 autobiographical and biographical true crime book written by Ann Rule about the serial killer Ted Bundy, whom she knew personally before and after his arrest for a series of murders. Subsequent revisions of the book were published in 1986, 1989, 2000, and 2008.
Plot summary [ edit ]
The first few chapters following the brief introduction about Bundy's birth and family describe Rule's friendship with Bundy, her first impressions of him, and her reluctance to consider the evidence that he might be responsible for the crimes of which he was accused. She met Bundy in 1971 when he was a psychology student at the University of Washington, contemplating a career in law and politics. They worked together at a crisis center taking telephone calls from those contemplating suicide or facing other difficulties. Rule considered Bundy "kind, solicitous, and empathetic".[1] Rule and Bundy developed a close friendship, sharing meals and conversations. Over a decade older than Bundy, Rule later stated that she would have trusted Bundy to care for her young children. They fell out of contact in late 1973 after he stopped working at the crisis center.
Starting in early 1974, a series of brutal murders of young women in the Seattle area shocked the city and gained major attention. Women were killed at a rate of roughly once every 30 days. Bundy was considered a possible suspect from the summer of 1974, when the unidentified killer was observed by several witnesses talking with two young women who later disappeared at Lake Sammamish State Park. The man was described as tall, handsome and identified himself as "Ted." A sketch based on eyewitness descriptions was noted by several people -- including Rule -- to resemble Bundy. Rule thought it unlikely that Bundy was a killer but nonetheless reported him to police. However, authorities were overwhelmed with tips regarding the murders and did not initially believe Bundy was a likely suspect due to his superficially respectable persona.
Bundy relocated to Salt Lake City in late 1974 after being admitted to law school at the University of Utah. The killings in Seattle suddenly stopped, but young women in Utah, Colorado and Idaho began disappearing and being murdered under similar circumstances to the Seattle-area crimes. Police investigators in several states began sharing information, increasingly narrowing down on Bundy as their suspect in the string of unsolved murders. In September 1975, Bundy telephoned Rule from Salt Lake, requesting help via her police department contacts to know why police in Seattle were serving subpoenas for his school records from Utah. He did not mention that in August 1975 he had been arrested and charged with the November 1974 kidnapping of a young woman who had been abducted by a man who posed as a police officer in Murray, Utah. After a bench trial, Bundy was sentenced to 1 to 15 years in Utah.
He was extradited to Colorado to face murder charges, but Rule was still resistant to admitting that her friend was a possible killer. Bundy twice escaped from custody in Colorado, sending letters or postcards to Rule while on the run. He proclaimed his innocence and asked for money to help enter Canada. The fugitive eventually made his way to Florida. In January 1978, he went on a rampage at a Chi Omega sorority at Florida State University, beating several women (two of whom later died). In The Stranger Beside Me, this incident is narrated in third person, but not omnisciently, as the perpetrator is not identified as being Bundy, thus keeping the documentation of these events in-sync with the knowledge available to officers at the time Rule wrote. Bundy went on to kill another adult woman and rape and kill a 12 year old girl who he brazenly snatched from outside her school.
It is not until Bundy's capture in February 1978, and his subsequent trials in Florida when Bundy represented himself in court, that Rule fully accepts that Bundy is a serial killer. The turning point, Rule states, came after forensic dentists testified that Bundy's teeth matched the deep bite mark on the body of one of the Florida State victims. This was the first physical evidence that definitely linked him to the crimes, making it impossible for Rule to maintain doubt about his guilt. Rule finds the idea shocking to the point that she "[runs] to the ladies room and throws up."[2] An afterword, following Rule's lament for Bundy and his victims, describes the trial of Bundy for the murder of 12-year-old Kimberly Leach in Florida. Bundy was sentenced to death in Florida. He continued to assert innocence for several years, but shortly before execution confessed to over 30 murders in an apparent bid to delay his death.
The 1989 update outlines Bundy's execution, and the 2000 update touches on many things, including various women claiming to have encountered Bundy in the 1970s, Robert Keppel's retirement from detective work and his employment at the University of Washington, and Bundy's possible involvement in the unsolved disappearance of Ann Marie Burr, a girl who disappeared in 1961 when Bundy was 14.[3]
A 2008 update of the book includes more stories from women who have contacted Rule with stories of their "near-miss" contacts with a man they believe was Ted Bundy, and also a "Ted Bundy FAQ" section in which Rule tries to answer the questions most frequently asked by readers, including the fact that he was not responsible for the 1973 murder of Kathy Merry Devine, for which he was long suspected. DNA profiling linked that killing to an ex-convict named William Cosden, who was subsequently tried and convicted of her murder.
Film adaptation [ edit ]
In 2003, The Stranger Beside Me was adapted into a made-for-TV film, starring Billy Campbell as Bundy and Barbara Hershey as Rule.[4]
A Brief History
On October 16, 1384, Jadwiga, a woman, was crowned KING of Poland.
Digging Deeper
Jadwiga was the daughter of Louis I the Great, who reigned simultaneously as king of Hungary and Poland. When Louis died, his eldest daughter, Mary, inherited that particular throne. The Polish nobility, however, instead chose the younger daughter Jadwiga as their ruler. To make it clear that she was not a mere queen consort, but a ruler in her own right, Jadwiga was crowned as king rather than “queen”. She is one of maybe only five or so such women in all of human history to take a masculine, rather than feminine royal title. Moreover, she received this lofty title while still a girl (Jadwiga was born in 1373 or 1374 and became “king” in 1384).
Despite being a child ruler, Jadwiga was something of a Renaissance woman. She could speak German, Hungarian, Latin, Polish, and Serbian, among other talents. She personally funded the building of hospitals and even scholarships for academics. Her charitable nature combined with various legends eventually resulted in her canonization as a patrons saint of queens. Among the miracles attributed to her was the claim that she revived a boy who had drowned in a river.
Her reign opened, however, with some familial tragedies. The situation in nearby Hungary became downright horrific for Jadwiga's mother and sister. Their opposition within Hungary ambushed Queen Mary and her mother, kidnapped them, and imprisoned them. Mary and Jadwiga's mother ended up strangled before Mary's eyes. Although Mary was eventually rescued, she died a few years later in an apparent horse riding accident, while pregnant.
Jadwiga died in 1399 after giving birth to a daughter who died within days of her mother, one of Poland's most celebrated Kings!
Historical Evidence
For more on the saintly king, unfortunately, just about all the books on her incorrectly refer to her as “queen”, but for a fairly concise read, you might check out Saint Jadwiga, Queen of Poland, 1374-1399 and yes, you can also like her on Facebook! Finally, you can read her entry on the website for Encyclopedia Britannica.
Annotation Command Framework (ACF)
Purpose
This is the Framework created for Empire Minecraft.
ACF Started as a Bukkit Command Framework, but has shifted to be platform agnostic and can be used on any Java based application.
ACF is an extremely powerful command framework that takes nearly every concept of boilerplate code commonly found in command handlers, and abstracts them away behind annotations.
ACF redefines how you build your command handlers, allowing things such as Dependency Injection, Validation, Tab Completion, Help Documentation, Syntax Advice, and Stateful Conditions to all be behind Annotations that you place on methods.
Clean up your command handlers and unleash rich command experiences that would be too burdensome to pull off manually.
Beta Testing
While the 0.x.x series of ACF is "Beta", note that it is very stable. It has been used for years on EMC.
It is labeled Beta as the framework is growing fast and gaining new features, and API's are subject to breakage. The new features also may contain bugs, but we will work to fix them fast.
Please be prepared to keep up with changes, but I try to keep them as least disruptful as possible.
v1.0.0 will be the signal that ACF features are more complete and the API will remain stable for a long time.
Documentation / Using ACF
Documentation Wiki - All of ACF's documentation is currently on the GitHub Wiki. Please review every page to learn about each feature.
See Using ACF on how to add ACF to your plugin and getting started.
See Examples for some real world examples
Targeted Platforms / Current Version
We are on version:
GROUP: co.aikar
VERSION 0.5.0-SNAPSHOT
ARTIFACTID varies by platform target:
Bukkit: acf-bukkit (For targetting Bukkit/Spigot)
(For targetting Bukkit/Spigot) Paper: acf-paper (Recommended over Bukkit, will gradually enhance when ran on Paper, but still runs on Spigot)
(Recommended over Bukkit, will gradually enhance when ran on Paper, but still runs on Spigot) Sponge: acf-sponge
BungeeCord: acf-bungee
JDA: acf-jda - IN PROGRESS - NOT READY
Setup Guides (Repo and Requirements): Maven, Gradle You may include more than 1 platform in your jar if your plugin supports multiple platforms.
Any bump in version implies an API break. See CHANGELOG for information on migration guides for API breaks.
Every change that should not cause any API break will be deployed over the current version.
Say Thanks
If this library has helped you, please consider donating as a way of saying thanks
Why does it require Java 8+?
Get off your dinosaur and get on this rocket ship!
Dinosaurs have been dead for a long time, so get off it before you start to smell.
Download Java 8
Java Docs
Contributing
See Issues section.
Join #aikar on Spigot IRC - irc.spi.gt to discuss.
Or Code With Aikar Discord.
Other projects by Aikar / Empire Minecraft
TaskChain - Powerful context control to dispatch tasks Async, then access the result sync for API usage. Concurrency controls too.
IDB - Simple and Intuitive JDBC Wrapper for Java
Minecraft Timings - Add Timings to your plugin in a safe way that works on all Bukkit platforms (CraftBukkit - no timings, Spigot - Timings v1, Paper and Paper forks - Timings v2)
License
As with all my other public projects
Commands (c) Daniel Ennis (Aikar) 2016-2018.
Commands is licensed MIT. See LICENSE
“All the activity has led to this…” So reads the one-sheet for Paranormal Activity 4, which hits theatres on October 19th, 2012. It's amazing how much of a rich mythos has developed around Oren Peli's original Paranormal Activity film, and on tap for you right now is a look back!
Below you'll find our exclusive Paranormal Activity Timeline, which we here at Dread Central have put together for your perusal. With it, it's easy to follow along with the events of the last three films in chronological order as it documents key plot points, explains some mysteries, and even points out some things that you may not have noticed. We intend to further break things down in the future for you guys, but for now click on the image below for a larger look at the Timeline, and click here to download it onto your computer or device.
Major props to Jon Condit for all the hard work he put into this.
Click on image below to ENLARGE
Related Stories:
WHAT DOES MEUS MEAN?
The word Meus is scratched into the basement door. It means “mine” in Latin. In this case “mine” refers to Hunter, whom the demon seeks to claim as its payment for whatever deal was entered into.
Thaumaturgic Triangle:
The Thaumaturgic Triangle, or Magical Triangle, is a symbol commonly thought to be used to bind or control a summoned demon. MCL is modified from “Mi Cha El,” which calls upon the Archangel Michael for protection from the summoned demon. Given the fact that Lois visited the girls just a few days prior to Dennis finding the markings in the closet, some people theorize that she drew them herself.
DID YOU NOTICE?
On the day Hunter is brought home and Dan takes the camera around the house, two interesting things happen. The first is if you look closely in his office, you can see paintings from Lois' house in PA3 hanging up which appear again later in the film. The second is when he walks downstairs and remarks that someone left the front door open — we know the door was closed when they all came in the house.
Key Plot Points:
1. Sept 3rd – Katie's birthday.
2. Sept 4th – First reference to the demon as Toby.
3. Sept 5th – Picture Day; the photo of Katie is taken.
4. Sept 7th – First documented evidence of Toby.
5. Sept 10th – Toby is discovered to be tall and much older than Kristi.
6. Sept 15th – Grandma Lois drops subtle mention of Julie always wanting a son.
7. Sept 22nd – Kristi is partially possessed; Kristi refuses to do something Toby asks her.
8. Sept 23rd – Dennis discovers the Magical Triangle in the closet. Kristi is sick. Julie and Dennis take her to the doctor. Bloody Mary incident. Randy is attacked.
9. Sept 23rd – Dennis discovers witches who used the symbol he found to make deals with demons in exchange for their first-born sons. They wear the same necklace.
10. Sept 24th – Kristi agrees to help the demon Toby.
11. Sept 24th – Julie refuses to let the girls go to their Grandma's house.
12. Sept 24th – Toby shows himself to Julie to scare her into leaving.
13. Sept 24th – The family makes a 7-hour drive to Moorpark to stay with Julie's mom after the kitchen incident.
14. Sept 24th – Grandma is dressing Kristi up as a bride; Kristi says she is being married to Toby.
15. Sept 24th – Dennis encounters the coven and discovers another Magical Triangle and a Sigil of Baphomet hidden behind Lois' paintings.
16. Sept 24th – Julie is thrown at Dennis by Toby, and they both fall down the stairs. Julie is presumably only knocked out; her death is not yet confirmed.
17. Sept 24th – Katie is possessed.
18. Sept 24th – Dennis is killed by Toby.
19. Mar 2005 – Kristi and Dan are getting Hunter's nursery ready.
20. Mar 2005 – Katie comes by to drop off some old VHS tapes. Grandma Lois'
death is confirmed.
21. Jul 2005 – Hunter is born (date is approximate).
22. Jul 2006 – Hunter's first birthday (date is approximate). “I'm not really evil, but I can be evil. That's my point.” -Katie
23. Aug 1st – The house appears to be vandalized. Necklace Katie made for Kristi is a reference to the witches necklace, and the boxes of tapes are missing.
24. Aug 7th – Martine knows there is something bad in the house.
25. Aug 8th – Kristi says she gets a feeling like when they were little.
26. Aug 12th – Martine is fired for blessing the house.
27. Aug 15th – Micah finds out about the past events that happened during Kristi and Katie's childhood.
28. Aug 17th – Ali's mother's death is confirmed.
29. Aug 18th – When asked what it wants, the Ouija board begins to spell out Hunter's name.
30. Aug 19th – Ali and Brad discover references to people who make deals with demons for wealth.
31. Aug 23rd – Kristi tells Ali she can't remember what happened when she was a kid, only that she was scared.
32. Aug 23rd – Katie tells Kristi to ignore the demon; she also makes reference to the Coven and says, “Do you want to end up like Mom?” Their mother is never confirmed dead.
33. Aug 23rd – Ali discovers Hunter is the first male born since the 1930s.
34. Aug 26th – Abby is attacked; Dan and Ali take her to the vet, leaving Kristi home with Hunter.
35. Aug 26th – Kristi is attacked and dragged into the basement. Kristi is possessed by Toby.
36. Aug 26th – Ali finds scratches on the door: “Meus” (Latin for “mine”).
37. Aug 26th – Ali sees what happened to Kristi and shows her dad.
38. Aug 26th – Kristi attacks Dan and takes Hunter into the basement.
39. Aug 26th – Dan performs the ritual to pass the demon to Katie.
40. Sept 18th – Katie returns home from visiting Kristi. Micah has bought a camera of his own.
41. Sept 20th – Katie and Micah turn to a psychic for advice. The psychic tells them that they are dealing with a demon and that it wants Katie.
42. Oct 1st – Micah attempts to make contact with the demon by conducting an EVP session.
43. Oct 2nd – Katie is partially possessed.
44. Oct 3rd – Ouija board incident.
45. Oct 4th – Micah finds the burnt photo of Katie above their bed in the attic.
46. Oct 5th – Katie calls the demonologist, but he is out of town.
47. Oct 7th – Micah and Katie find out Diane Mercer is haunted by a demon beginning in June 1966, ending in her death during exorcism.
48. Oct 8th – Katie is attacked and bitten by the demon.
49. Oct 8th – Katie is possessed.
50. Oct 9th – Morning: Katie kills Micah.
51. Oct 9th – Evening: Katie kills Dan and Kristi and takes Hunter.
52. Oct 11th – Micah's body is discovered.
53. Oct 12th – Kristi and Dan's bodies are discovered by Ali.
54. Five years later Hunter is alive and living next door to Alex and her mom, presumably with Katie, though so far her presence has not been confirmed.
For more visit the official Paranormal Activity website, follow Paranormal Activity on Twitter (@TweetYourScream), and as always keep an eye on the official Paranormal Activity Facebook page!
Two words and a swastika paint an unsettling picture for one family.
Tuesday around 8:15PM, Sylvania Township police say someone spray painted graffiti onto the garage of a home.
On top, an explicit word. On the bottom, the word "Arabs." And in the middle, a swastika.
"I honestly couldn't believe it. I was just, like, in shock," says one woman who is a University of Toledo medical student and lives at the home with her mother.
"This was a reality check for us because we never thought that something like this would ever happen in our neighborhood or in our city," added her brother, Moustafa.
Family members contacted police, who are searching for a possible suspect.
Meantime, the family is planning to paint over the vandalism, install security cameras and possibly move from the home where they have lived since 1999.
"It's just really hurtful to see this actually happened," added the young woman who grew up here.
A cyst burst at the touch of his blade and sprayed yellow fluid toward his face. He did not flinch. The technician called for more gauze pads.
“Everything just bleeds and bleeds and bleeds!” Dr. Pilny said.
The surgery ground into its second hour. The hospital's practice manager, Lorelei Tibbetts, poked her head into the small, beeping, thumping operating room. It was about Snorri, the constipated white rabbit. “He's looking at me miserably, like he has a balloon in his belly,” she said. “Should we try laser?”
Dr. Pilny told her to hang on. A blood vessel burst. “That wasn't good,” he said. He cut and sewed, cut and sewed. The bleeding stopped. Dr. Pilny decided he had done all he could for one day.
Ms. Tibbetts came around again. “You closing?” she asked.
“Yeah,” Dr. Pilny said.
“Are you happy?”
“Am I ever happy?”
“So, no.”
Dr. Pilny, 44, is one of three veterinarians at the center. He has a tattoo of a crane on one arm, a finch on the other, and a puffin on the back of his leg. He wears a tropical-theme surgical cap with parrots and green leaves on it. He is particularly fond of birds; he has 15 of them. He saves brightly colored feathers from his patients in a desk drawer in the hospital office and periodically sends them to the Pueblo of Zuni in New Mexico, where molted plumage is required for headdresses.
Dr. Pilny grew up in the Bronx, went to veterinary school at the University of Florida and specialized in exotics because he likes to see the insides of different kinds of animals and enjoys a challenge. But medicine is medicine.
We demand that Southern Rail be held accountable for its rising fares and diminishing customer service, which cause misery to thousands of passengers daily. We request an immediate fare freeze until performance improves. Please review Southern Rail's contract against these four areas specifically:
RELIABILITY: Trains are consistently late, cancelled, overcrowded and unreliable, causing unnecessary stress and delay to passengers.
ON-TRAIN EXPERIENCE: Consistent overcrowding and standing-room-only leads to cramped and unbearable conditions. Jostling for space and seats leaves passengers degraded, frustrated and stressed.
VALUE: Prices increase every year, whilst service declines. Delay Repay is not enough.
COMMUNICATION: Poor communication of delays, cancellations and alterations. Live service updates are not accurate. Platforms are displayed at the last minute causing a stampede for trains, which carries health and safety risks and is a stressful experience.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Thursday accused the Obama administration of being overly cautious in analyzing intelligence about the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria, saying he feared the White House was looking for excuses not to get involved.
“I'm worried that the president and the administration will use the caveats as an excuse to not act right away or to not act at all,” he told Fox News. “The president clearly stated that it was a red line and that it couldn't be crossed without the United States taking vigorous action.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House on Thursday said the intelligence community believes the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad used chemical weapons on its own people. However, the Obama administration cautioned that it still has to “build on these intelligence assessments as we seek to establish credible and corroborated facts.”In addition, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was careful to qualify his statement, saying that U.S. intelligence can say with "some degree of varying confidence" that the Syrian regime has used sarin gas on protesters and rebels.McCain said it was clear in his view that the Syrian regime had crossed the red line and this required immediate military intervention from the U.S.“In my view it was crossed,” he said. “Not only have our intelligence people concluded that, but as importantly, the Israelis, the British and the French have as well. Obviously we know Bashar al-Assad will do whatever is necessary to stay in power, [including] massacres of his own people.”McCain warned that if the U.S. fails to follow through on its warning to the Syrian regime, that other rogue regimes and terrorist groups in the region would be emboldened by a perceived lack of will on behalf of the U.S. to follow through on its threats.“If we don't take action, the Iranians, Hezbollah, the other countries in the region will be paying close attention as to whether we react to what the president clearly stated on numerous occasions what was a red line,” he said.The Arizona Republican added that the U.S. was perhaps unprepared for the burgeoning situation because of spending cuts that hit the military in the wake of the sequester.“Right now I think we have plans, but I don't believe that we have the capability to react in a very short time period,” he said. “And that's a capability that now I think a compelling argument has been made for.”
STAMFORD , Conn., Feb. 27 (UPI) -- An elderly substitute teacher was arrested at Westhill High School in Stamford, Conn., on Wednesday after one of his colleagues allegedly discovered him masturbating in a school hallway around 7:30 a.m.
A female paraprofessional educator stumbled upon Michael Luecke on the ground and went to assist him. Upon closer inspection, she observed the 72-year-old with his hand "in his pants manipulating his penis.”
After she alerted school officials about his behavior, Luecke was detained by school resource officers. He was later arrested and charged with public indecency, second-degree breach of peace and risk of injury to a minor.
The Stamford substitute accused of a lewd act inside a school is being held on $10,000. If he makes bond, he'll be monitored. — Amanda Raus (@amandaraus) February 27, 2014
"Video surveillance was found showing Luecke…in a corner of a stairwell in the Rayner building suspiciously manipulating the front of his pants while looking at students in the courtyard," police told the Norwalk Daily Voice.
The video shows six students walk by Luecke while he was masturbating. According to police, they may need counseling.
Luecke apparently had an excuse for his actions.
RT @amandaraus Court docs say substitute teacher Michael Luecke told police he was fixing his pants when he was caught laying on the floor. — Kristi Olds (@news12ctkristi) February 27, 2014
[Norwalk Daily Voice] [Stamford Advocate]
by Guinevere Orvis
March 26th, 2008 | Posted in Net TV | 11 Comments
Disclaimer: The views expressed here are my own and not those of CBC/Radio-Canada.
Last week, CBC released an official DRM-free BitTorrent of a prime-time show– a first for a major north American broadcaster (see last100 coverage). Since then we've been getting hundreds of emails of support and one clear resounding message: give us more. This begs the question, why aren't broadcasters doing more? Why in the year 2008, seven years after BitTorrent's birth and a lifetime in Internet years is this a groundbreaking thing? Let's break down what it takes to get a legal torrent going and maybe we'll get some answers.
The idea
First, the seed has to get planted. How it happened for us was when two weeks ago, Tessa Sproule (the head of digital strategy of CBC's Factual Entertainment department) read this post on BoingBoing about how Norway's public broadcaster had tested the BitTorrent waters and declared them warm & refreshing. Tessa decided she wanted to spearhead the effort for CBC to follow NRK's lightly treaded path. Unfortunately, not every company has a Tessa. Companies need to have people championing new ideas, or watch their product slowly become irrelevant in favour of products from companies who are willing to innovate.
Still, how do you make it happen? When the average person wants to share a show torrent, they simply record it off TV, strip out the commercials and upload it. But when a media company decides to do it and wants to do it in a completely legal way, there's a lot more that has to be considered. Let's start with ownership.
Ownership
In big business, it can be challenging to start something completely new to an organization. Usually it involves convincing lots of people that your idea is brilliant and simply must be tried. Now try convincing people who you don't even work with, at several different companies, maybe in different countries, all with different mandates. Impossible? Well, no… it's technically possible in the same way that it's technically possible that I'm going to win the lottery six times in a row. But, we can certainly hedge our bets a bit better by starting with something we own, or own with very few partners.
Demographics
CBC owns a several show, so how do you choose what show to experiment with? Canada's Next Great Prime Minister was chosen for several reasons, one of which was demographics. Because we used YouTube and Facebook to cast this year's show, we had a youthful tech-savvy audience on our hands who understand and embrace new media. Sharing this show was a way of giving back to these people without whom we would not have a show.
We also wanted to experiment with a big show. Readers outside of Canada are saying, “Canada's Next whadda wha?” but the show within our borders is a hit, with as many viewers tuning in as an episode of House. If we were going to do this, we didn't wanna wuss out with some show nobody had heard of– it was going to be prime time.
Finally, the show's Senior and Executive producers really support and embrace new media. They were less likely to laugh at us if we asked, “Um… hey, can we give away your show for free to everyone with no restrictions after it airs?” Tessa guessed right. They both loved the idea and were instrumental in helping gain additional approvals.
Okay so good demographic, big show and forward thinking producers. Check. Next issue… rights. *shudder*
Rights and approvals
Rights are hands down the number one challenge to getting traditional TV online. It's also not an unreasonable request for content producers to demand rights to work they made, it can just be a very difficult process to get them all… think dribbling a football type difficult. If the idea of a legal TV torrent was going to die, it would likely be in the chain of approvals we had to get including: union agreements, music licenses, lawyer approval, co-owner (Magna International Inc.) approval, marketing and sales okay, business development reps, communication strategy, and finally approval from the network programming office. Yep, that's a mouthful.
Tessa later said that the approval process was like playing a game of whack-a-mole. As soon as one approval had been given the nod, the next obstacle would pop up. Still, there was broad acceptance to the idea and in the end the approvals were easier than anticipated. It may sound like a difficult process to an uploader, but on the other hand, the list is much shorter than one a private broadcaster would have to check off. As a public broadcaster, our mandate to “be made available throughout Canada by the most appropriate and efficient means” really helped the cause.
Tracking
Businesses always want to measure the success or failure of their project and legitimately so. BitTorrents present particular analytical challenges as seeders come and go and the file is copied to places where you never published it. Still, that doesn't mean there aren't any metrics with torrents, and besides, are Nielsen ratings an exact science? No. I've written before about how broadcasters need to consider other indicators of success, including torrent downloads. The overwhelmingly positive global response by consumers directly to CBC is an extremely valuable measure of success, I'd argue as valuable as the number of leechers.
Monetizing
CBC released this show completely for free and without ads. That's fine for an experiment, but it's no sustainable business model. The surprising thing is the amount of feedback we got from people telling us to do this again and put in a few ads. People realize that if businesses were to embrace BitTorrent distribution long term, they'd need to monetize it and they're telling us how to do it. It demonstrates that people are particularly interested in the on-demand nature of BitTorrents and they're downloading because of convenience, not because they're commercial-free. The key is ensuring that broadcasters find the right balance between monetization and consumer's tolerance.
Why not Show X?
So why isn't your favourite show on BitTorrent already? Officially I mean 🙂 Take your pick: licensing, rights, approvals, sponsorships, business partnerships, control, business model, statistics, or simple resistance to change. I expect it would take a pretty big fight to get shows shared that are co-owned by multiple companies or which have extensive licensing contracts, like NHL games. There needs to be a fundamental shift in thinking about digital distribution before all of these stakeholders realize it's a good idea and that's one of the reasons that our experiment is so important. There will be no precedent, no metrics and no business model will ever develop if broadcasters don't start somewhere. What we're learning from this could help form the basis of a broader understanding and acceptance of BitTorrent among rights holders.
What do we want out of this?
This is, for now, a one show experiment. Our little digital group has hopes that maybe we can form a long term torrent strategy out of what we're doing with this, but that's blue sky right now. We've been actively asking people to give us feedback and the response in the blogosphere has been astounding. We're taking note of every suggestion and sharing this information with other departments laterally and vertically in the hopes that CBC (and all broadcasters) will do more.
Thanks for your thanks, but…
All the positive comments we've been getting about this project is ammo for us who would like to do it again, but really, it's us who should be thanking you. Thank you for watching our show, blogging about it and downloading it. Broadcasters owe it to their viewers to meet their demands, not the other way around.
Guinevere is a Web Producer in Toronto, Canada working both freelance and in the broadcast industry for Alliance Atlantis, CTVglobemedia and currently CBC. She has 10 years experience in the online space and specializes in social media, online marketing and content production.
Also see: TV industry using piracy as a measure of success
In case you haven't heard already, those much-touted, supposedly 100% biodegradable bioplastic bags that SunChips rolled out a while ago are no more. Apparently the issue wasn't many of the genuine questions about the eco-friendliness of the particular variety of bioplastic used, which were raised since the introduction last year, but it seems too many people didn't like the extra-crinkly noise the bags made. TVs Silenced By Noisy Bags?
As Mother Jones' Kate Sheppard aptly asks, "Is this what it comes down to--we want our chips crunchy but our bags have to remain silent? ... Seriously? The company is bagging the bag because American couch potatoes can't hear their TVs over the sound of their chip sack?"
The answer to that question is apparently a solid yes. SunChips sales have declined 11% in the past year and the bags are taking the blame.
I admit I sat on this announcement in semi-disbelief from when I first heard about it yesterday from GreenBiz. It just seems too absurd to be true.
Check out the USA Today summary (the emphasis is mine):
The company is returning them to their former bags that can't be recycled--but won't wake the neighbors--while it works frantically to come up with a new, quieter eco-friendly bag. The noise of the bag--due to an unusual molecular structure that makes the bag more rigid--has been compared to everything from lawnmowers to jet engines.
Lawnmowers to jet engines. Lawnmowers to jet engines?!?
SunChips Bags Thousands of Times Louder Than Conversation?
Are you effing kidding me?!? This would be a perfect time on video to compare the actual sound of one of the bioplastic chip bags opening to a lawnmower and/or jet engine--Daily Show clip, tomorrow, hmmm, anyone?--but since this is print, I'll just list some relevant stats on the decibel levels being compared here.
Well, our colleagues over at How Stuff Works, tell me that a normal conversation is about 60 decibels, a lawnmower comes in at 90dB and a jet engine comes in at 120dB.
Now let's assume that the chip bag is slightly louder than normal conversation--they are indeed crinklier than the old-is-new-again bags--so perhaps 65 dB. That may even be too much, 61-62 dB may be more accurate. You certainly don't have to raise your voice over them.
The decibel scale increases logarithmically, so the difference between that bag and the lawnmower isn't just a little bit louder, it's hundreds of times louder. And the jet engine is even louder still, thousands of times louder than normal conversation.
While I don't have either a jet engine or a SunChips bag handy, I'm pretty darn certain that if that Boeing 747 is cranking up one of its engines and I'm standing next to it I can't hear someone screaming into my ear, let alone the comparative whisper of bioplastic being ripped apart so I can enjoy some of the crispy french oniony goodness contained within.
Pull Your Head Out of the Chip Bag & Look At The Bigger Picture
If the collective American psyche can't manage to overcome the truly marginal inconvenience of a slightly louder snack food bag, seeing that there are genuine collective social and environmental benefits to not using so many petroleum-based plastics (that's again assuming, for sake of discussion, that bioplastics are truly sustainable--not assured), well, as Kate Sheppard rightly concludes: We're doomed.
9TH UPDATE, SUNDAY AM: Disney just released international figures from 55 territories, representing about 80% of the foreign market where John Carter was released this weekend. It opened to $70.6M. Combined with its domestic cume, the 3D sci-fi epic has now made $101.2M. “John Carter opened in Russia on March 8, and had the highest opening day in Russian cinema history and went on to be the #1 opening weekend of the year,” the studio said “John Carter was the #1 U.S. film in all of our major opened markets in Asia, Latin America and Europe.” Globally, IMAX's box office take this weekend was $9.5M, with Russia the standout market. (3D-crazy China opens March 16th.) IMAX accounted for 64% of North American business in 3D, or $5M, and its 289 domestic screens represented a disproportionate 17% of the film's overall GBO. Exit studies confirmed that IMAX's core audience of fanboys is the film's most supportive audience.
8TH UPDATE, SUNDAY AM: So 2012 keeps posting strong box office, and this weekend's $140M is up +8.6% over last year. Universal's $70M-budget holdover Dr Suess' The Lorax is a huge #1 again. But Disney's 3D sci-fi newcomer John Carter finished a feeble #2 considering its whopping $250+M cost. Friday's domestic box office numbers for director Andrew Stanton's actioner came in even weaker than predicted but rival studios tell me the loincloth epic experienced an unexpected double-digit bounce on Saturday. Clearly word of mouth, like the ‘B+' CinemaScore from audiences, is helping although reviews were decidedly mixed. Only Monday actuals will confirm whether Disney got its “miracle” and John Carter‘s North American box office opening this weekend had a '3′ in front of it. But that still means a massive $100+M writeoff for the parent company if this dismal opening affects the new pic's international fortunes. The studio's Prince of Persia, for instance, opened similarly weak in North America, then made up its domestic deficit overseas. Disney made a gigantic worldwide day-and-date push for John Carter and says Russia was especially “very strong”. “We have some good starts in Europe, with some softer than we hoped. A few Asian territories are strong where this type of film plays well,” an exec tells me.
To summarize: this flop is the result of a studio trying to indulge Pixar… Of an arrogant director who ignored everybody's warnings that he was making a film too faithful to Edgar Rice Burroughs's first novel in the Barsoom series “A Princess of Mars”… Of the failure of Dick Cook, and Rich Ross, and Bob Iger to rein in Stanton's excessive ego or pull the plug on the movie's bloated budget … Of really rotten marketing that failed to explain the significant or scope of the film's Civil War-to-Mars story and character arcs and instead made the 3D movie look way as generic as its eventual title… Disagree all you want, but Hollywood is telling me that competent marketing could have drawn in women with the love story, or attracted younger males who weren't fanboys of the source material. Instead the campaign was as rigid and confusing as the movie itself, not to mention that ‘Before Star Wars, Before Avatar‘ tag line should have come at the start and not at the finish. But even more I think John Carter is a product of mogul wuss-ism as much as it is misplaced talent worship. More detail to come.
Disney wasn't the only studio mourning. Eddie Murphy has yet another bomb in DreamWorks/Paramount's A Thousand Words which received a ‘B-‘ CinemaScore. “A Thousand Words is the last live action movie to be released by Paramount that was produced by Dreamworks,” the studio made a point of telling me. Directed by Brian Robbins, the PG-13 comedy (with a zero score on Rotten Tomatoes) demonstrates the tragic degree to which reviewers and audience have deserted Eddie Murphy. Paramount marketing targeted a 4 1/2-week campaign to reach all African American adult audiences and older women. But I found that the spots never explained the movie's premise adequately. On the other hand, no one cared. The trailer debuted last November. Lots of TV and radio were bought for female-oriented programs as well as high-profile NBA games. A week-long BET promotion released this past week along with promotions on Lifetime and Comedy Central. Paramount also made use of Tyler Perry's popularity by piggybacking with his cable show House Of Payne and movie opening Good Deeds. Individual TV shows included BET's The Game, VH1's Basketball Wives, E!'s Khloe and Lamar and Ice Loves Coco. There was a “best of” Eddie Murphy content piece, with slideshows and additional videos. “With the scale of all partners combined, these placements potentially reached an audience of over 97 million monthly unique visitors online,” an exec tells me. Eddie himself did an extensive publicity campaign for the pic. And yet the movie tanked. Where Eddie's career goes from here will be debated. He should have hosted the Oscars. Now he really needs to go back into television…
Open Road made a point of telling me it was only distributing the R-rated horror pic Silent House as “a service deal for our friends at LD Entertainment (formerly known as Liddell Entertainment”. Embarassing that audiences gave the genre film Silent House the dreaded ‘F' CinemaScore. The film was budgeted at under $1M and and acquired by LD Entertainment at Sundance 2011 where the indie remake of the acclaimed ultra-low-budget Uruguayan film La Casa Muda (based on true events) premiered. In 2003 directors Chris Kentis and Laura Lau enjoyed huge success with the low-budget thriller Open Water. Genre movie fans take their horror seriously.
Here's the Top 10:
1. The Lorax (Universal) Week 2 [3,746 Theaters]
Friday $9.8M, Saturday $19.3M, Weekend $39M, Cume $121.9M
2. John Carter (Disney) NEW [3,749 Theaters]
Friday $9.8M, Saturday $12.3M, Weekend $30.6M
3. Project X (Warner Bros) Week 2 [3,055 Theaters]
Friday $3.9M, Saturday $4.5M, Weekend $11.5M, Cume $40.1M
4. Silent House (LD Entertainment/Open Road) NEW [1,890 Theaters]
Friday $2.6M, Saturday $2.7M, Weekend $7M
5. Act Of Valor (Relativity) Week 3 [2,951 Theaters]
Friday $2.0M, Saturday $3.1M, Weekend $7M, Cume $56.1M
6. A Thousand Words (DreamWorks/Paramount) NEW [2,124 Theaters]
Friday $1.9M, Saturday $2.7M, Weekend $6.3M
7. Safe House (Universal) Week 5 [2,144 Theaters]
Friday $1.3M, Saturday $2.2M, Weekend $4.9M, Cume $115.7M
8. The Vow (Screen Gems/Sony) Week 5 [2,478 Theaters]
Friday $1.2M, Saturday $1.7M, Weekend $4M, Cume $117.6M
9. Journey 2 (Warner Bros) Week 5 [2,525 Theaters]
Friday $850K, Saturday $1.8M, Weekend $3.6M, Cume $90.7M
10. This Means War (Fox) Week 4 [1,848 Theaters]
Friday $1.2M, Saturday $#1.6M, Weekend $3.7M, Cume $46.8M
4TH UPDATE, FRIDAY 5:30 PM: Nothing changed. My sources are still predicting box office results for Walt Disney Studios' John Carter (playing in 3,749 theaters) around $9.5M to $11M today and $27.5M to $33M for the weekend. For a smaller budget film, that would be considered a good opening — but not one costing $250+M. That's well behind Universal's holdover hit toon Dr Seuss' The Lorax (3,746 theaters) which based on the noon averages will finish its second weekend with between $38M and $40M, an excellent hold of -46%. Today's numbers for the $75M-budget Illumination Entertainment fare are estimated between $9M and $9.5M but will rise significantly on Saturday because of the parents-with-kids bump. As for other major releases today, Paramount's A Thousand Words (1,890 theaters) sstarring Eddie Murphy and Open Road's Silent House (2,124 theaters)appear about $10M for the weekend.
2ND UPDATE, 9:15 AM: Disney wants me to know that The Avengers trailer that broke records online last week is going up on John Carter in theaters this weekend. It's a blatant attempt to use the enormous anticipation for the Marvel movie to pump up what box office predictions say are the sagging fortunes of Finding Nemo and Wall-E director Andrew Stanton's live action turkey. John Carter‘s biggest problems, aside from the fact that no women want to see it, is its inability to attract young males — which is Marvel's sweet spot. (What's weird is that as recently as midweek, Walt Disney Studios told me it had no plans to play The Avengers trailer with John Carter even though that move worked well when Warner Bros' The Dark Knight Rises footage unveiled with for Paramount's Mission: Impossible 4.)
UPDATE 8:50 AM: Disney just told me that John Carter has made $13M so far overseas with the biggest news from 3D sci-fi-loving Russia where the movie had the highest opening day in history with $6.5M. The studio is reporting solid starts in Asian markets. But rival studios are warning me of soft starts in Europe.
FRIDAY 8:30 AM: It looks like the moviegoing public is going to bury this 3D sci-fi actioner just as everyone thought. So don't expect any eulogies from me. The studio is expecting only $24M-$30M despite a whopping budget of $250M, and this start of $500K midnights is weak considering that cost. Rival studios tell me that foreign numbers are starting out soft as well. Disney is uncharacteristically mum despite planning a gigantic worldwide day-and-date push for John Carter with all the frills no matter how dismal its prospects look. All in, this could mean a $100M writeoff for the Walt Disney Co. Box office for this bomb is making rival studios just a little too gleeful considering that probably 1,000 of their Hollywood brethren were gainfully employed during a dismal economy.
Priceless ‘John Carter' Email From Disney
‘John Carter' Tracking Shockingly Soft: “Could Be The Biggest Writeoff Of All Time”
Vancouver, worried that its early history of single-family wood housing is disappearing under wreckers' balls at an increasing pace, plans measures not only to slow that frequency but also require most materials to be kept out of the landfill.
Two related reports going to city council next week indicate plans for a temporary moratorium on the demolition of “character homes” in the heritage-rich First Shaughnessy district, and to require recycling of up to 90 per cent of any pre-1940s houses in the city approved for demolition.
City staff are reacting to what they say has become an alarming pace of destruction of usable pre-Second-World-War housing. They also want to tackle a major source of the materials that end up in the dump yet could be recycled.
If approved, the proposals would make mandatory a construction and demolition waste recovery program that had been voluntary, until now, and mostly unsuccessful.
Two years ago, Vision Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson endorsed a pilot program that encouraged the systematic and labour-intensive “deconstruction” of houses that otherwise would have been crushed by machinery and hauled to the dump. While the rate of recovery was high — as much as 93 per cent of buildings, including doors, timbers, glass, wire, concrete and other materials, were recycled — the market for such items has not fully developed.
“The pilot project didn't get the uptick that we hoped,” Coun. Heather Deal, council's liaison on the city's Heritage Advisory Commission, acknowledged Wednesday.
However, by requiring a high level of recycling from predominantly wooden pre-1940s housing, markets will likely develop, she said, noting they exist in other cities with similar salvage rules. City staff say as much as 40 tonnes of material could be diverted from landfills for each house and would go a long ways towards meeting Vancouver's zero-waste policies under the 2011 Greenest City plan. It notes that a high level of recycling already takes place in more modern construction because there are developed markets for concrete and metal.
The proposals come as the city experience — particularly in the First Shaughnessy District — a renewed interest among small developers to bulldoze old housing on expensive land and replace them with the equivalent of small mansions.
First Shaughnessy, with its larger lot sizes and old housing, is particularly affected. City staff say of the 595 properties in the neighbourhood, 329 were built before 1940 and 80 are listed on the Vancouver Heritage Register. But only 11 are protected from demolition through heritage designation or heritage revitalization agreements.
Under the first proposal, the city would not grant any demolitions or significant alterations of prewar housing in First Shaugnessy for at least a year, until a staff review of the area's development plan is completed. The city also expects to complete a citywide heritage plan within 18 months.
Deal said that of about 1,000 house demolitions approved last year, nearly a third involved “character homes”, and neighbourhoods have started to protest such destruction.
“We're really hope this turns the dial down on the number of people choosing to demolish houses. We know that people don't want to see the city changing this way,” she said. “We have had a lot feedback and attention on this issue and we agree that it is better to retain those older character homes when it makes sense to do so.”
The city reports say that if successful, the program could lead to the phasing in of stringent waste recycling requirements for all one- and two-family housing, regardless of age.
Story highlights The interview notes and report stem from the FBI interview with Hillary Clinton
The former secretary of state faced scrutiny for her use of a private server for her email
Washington (CNN) — The FBI released Friday the notes from Hillary Clinton's interview with the bureau along with the report the agency put together on its investigation, making the information public after giving it to Congress last month.
The bureau is making the information public in response to numerous Freedom of Information Act requests, including from CNN.
"Today the FBI is releasing a summary of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's July 2, 2016 interview with the FBI concerning allegations that classified information was improperly stored or transmitted on a personal e-mail server she used during her tenure," the agency said in a statement. "We also are releasing a factual summary of the FBI's investigation into this matter."
The bureau said it had redacted "classified information or other material exempt from disclosure under FOIA."
Fallout from Clinton's use of a private email server continues to dog the Democratic presidential nominee's campaign, as her lead over her Republican counterpart Donald Trump has been cut in half since her post convention bounce last month, according to CNN's Poll of Polls released Thursday. Trump and other Republicans have stepped up their attacks connecting the emails to questions over whether Clinton gave preferential treatment to donors to her family's foundation.
Read More
Firearms are used to kill two out of every three homicide victims in America.. In the first nationally representative study to examine the relationship between survey measures of household firearm ownership and state level rates of homicide, researchers at the Harvard Injury Control Research Center found that homicide rates among children, and among women and men of all ages, are higher in states where more households have guns. The study appears in the February 2007 issue of Social Science and Medicine.
Matthew Miller, Assistant Professor of Health Policy and Injury Prevention at Harvard School of Public Health, and his colleagues David Hemenway and Deborah Azrael, used survey data from the Center for Disease Control and Prevention's 2001 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, the world's largest telephone survey with over 200,000 respondents nationwide. Respondents in all 50 states were asked whether any firearms were kept in or around their home. The survey found that approximately one in three American households reported firearm ownership.
Analyses that controlled for several measures of resource deprivation, urbanization, aggravated assault, robbery, unemployment, and alcohol consumption found that states with higher rates of household firearm ownership had significantly higher homicide victimization rates for children, and for women and men. In these analyses, states within the highest quartile of firearm prevalence had firearm homicide rates 114% higher than states within the lowest quartile of firearm prevalence. Overall homicide rates were 60% higher. The association between firearm prevalence and homicide was driven by gun-related homicide rates; non-gun-related homicide rates were not significantly associated with rates of firearm ownership.
These results suggest that it is easier for potential homicide perpetrators to obtain a gun in states where guns are more prevalent. “Our findings suggest that in the United States, household firearms may be an important source of guns used to kill children, women and men, both on the street and in their homes,” said Miller.
This study was supported by the Joyce Foundation.
Reference: Miller M., Hemenway D., Azrael D. “State-level homicide victimization rates in the US in relation to survey measures of household firearm ownership, 2001-2003". Soc Sci Med. 2007 Feb;64(3):656-64. Epub 2006 Oct 27.
We're happy to introduce a new strip today… meet Tough and Wiener!
Tough and Wiener are a couple of gritty 1940's detectives, out to save us all from the denizens of the city. The little guy, Tough, is a fast-talking quick-thinking ace detective with something to prove. His parter, Wiener, well… he doesn't talk much.
The format will be a combination of one-offs and short story arcs. We won't have specific days for posting them, but you can expect these guys to rear their heads from time to time.
Enjoy!
~C
Yeah, that's right, we just added more variety to our variety of strips. That and I've missed doing black and white strips for a while now.
This came up because of some Home Hardware store owner names and C and I are playing L.A. Noire. How's that for a combination?
I'm honestly starting to think of us as kind of Mad Magazine with all our different ideas and strips…and I'm kind of ok with that.
Happy Friday.
~ B
Be sure to like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter, eh
Whoever oppresses a poor man insults his Maker, but he who is generous to the needy honors him. (Prov. 14:31)
Do not oppress the widow, the fatherless, the sojourner, or the poor, and let none of you devise evil against another in your heart. (Zech. 7:10)
For the whole law is fulfilled in one word: “You shall love your neighbor as yourself (Gal. 5:14)
A majority of American Christians knowingly and willingly voted for this to happen: the exclusion of refugees, the rejection of immigrants, and the implementation of a xenophobic, homophobic, and fear-mongering political agenda.
The religion whose Savior dedicated his life to serving the poor, accepting the foreigner, empowering the oppressed, and uplifting the downtrodden suddenly seems confused—even strongly opposed—to practicing those same values today.
The gospel of Christ has been forsaken for promises of wealth, power, influence, control, and safety. But Jesus strongly commands that being a Christian is contradictory to all of these things.
How did one of the most undisputed and central tenets of following Jesus—helping the poor and oppressed—devolve into a scenario where many Christians are actively against aiding the world's most vulnerable?
Many excuses and rationalizations are given: Our country can't afford it, and it'll be a drain on our economy. They'll take our jobs. It's a national security issue. But look at all of the good things our country has done!
The thing about following Jesus is that even if there are logical and political reasons for denying assistance to the poor (debatable), there are still absolutely no spiritual ones, and God calls us to prioritize our faith above the carnal desires of the world—even governments.
The lie that American Christians have been given is that we must choose which good thing to throw our support behind, at the cost of another good thing—and it's almost always along partisan lines.
Pro-life vs. Refugee
Pro-life vs. Immigrant
Pro-life vs. Ending Systemic Racism
Pro-life vs. Fighting Xenophobia and Homophobia
Pro-life vs. Gender Equality
Pro-life vs. Environmentalism
Conservative “righteousness” vs. Liberal “righteousness”
Republicans' Version of “Christianity” vs. Democrats' Version of “Christianity”
This explains why despite being an obvious command of Jesus, many politically-obsessed Christians are hypocritically silent about defending the cause of the refugee and immigrant, because doing so would be perceived as betraying their bureaucratic interests, which have been so indoctrinated into their faith that they fail to see obvious conflicts of interest.
For Christians, exalting any political ideology more than the gospel is sinful idolatry.
People of faith who prioritize their political opinions over their faith, no matter what their affiliation, will always fall short of the expectations Jesus calls them to. Because following the example of Jesus isn't about choosing the lesser of two evils, or sacrificing one form of goodness over another, but about wholeheartedly pursuing holiness.
So when Jesus healed the sick, it wasn't at the expense of someone else, and Christ's acts of love were never made possible by withholding his love from others.
As Christians who give their allegiance to the good news of the gospel, we must pursue Christ's ideals beyond political lines. Doing this requires humility, boldness, and the ability to be radically countercultural—to follow Jesus beyond our personal and national agendas.
Yes, you can be both a Republican and a Christ-follower, and yes, Democrats are just as guilty of political idolatry. In fact, political loyalties are probably the greatest philosophical and ideological challenge facing Western Christians today. As this election (and every preceding election) has taught us, the hopes and promises of Jesus shouldn't abide solely in political parties.
Sure, voting and lobbying and legislating can be used for wonderful things (such as allowing more refugees into a country), but when a decision must be made about whether to follow a politician or Jesus—which will we choose?
Unfortunately, the American Church has too often made the wrong choice.
The separation of church and state has traditionally been thought of as a way of protecting the state government from religious influence, but people of faith should realize that it also protects them from being corrupted by political restrictions and competing agendas. Because as the poor and oppressed cry out for help, we must learn to choose Christ, and now more than ever, people are looking at American Christianity and wondering what in the world is wrong with it.
I know Christians will find this uncomfortable, unnerving, offensive, and start quoting verses about respecting rulers and governing authorities, but I'm simply showing what Jesus said and did.
Because ultimately, when it came down between choosing to sacrificially love others or abide by governmental laws and expectations, Jesus was arrested, put on trial, tortured and crucified on a cross by the ruling empire of his day.
His disciples and much of the early church followed suit, choosing to sacrifice everything and become martyrs rather than risk compromising their faith. As American Christians, we should seek to follow their example. God help us.
Scientists produce indirect evidence of gaseous filaments and sheets known as Whims linking clusters of galaxies in the cosmic web
It is one of cosmology's more perplexing problems: that up to 90% of the ordinary matter in the universe appears to have gone missing.
Now astronomers have detected about half of this missing content for the first time, in a discovery that could resolve a long-standing paradox.
The conundrum first arose from measurements of radiation left over from the Big Bang, which allowed scientists to calculate how much matter there is in the universe and what form it takes. This showed that about 5% of the mass in the universe comes in the form of ordinary matter, with the rest being accounted for by dark matter and dark energy.
Dark matter has never been directly observed and the nature of dark energy is almost completely mysterious, but even tracking down the 5% of ordinary stuff has proved more complicated than expected. When scientists have counted up all the observable objects in the sky – stars, planets, galaxies and so on – this only seems to account for between a 10th and a fifth of what ought to be out there.
Third gravitational wave detection gives hints on dark matter and black holes Read more
The deficit is known as the “missing baryon problem”, baryons being ordinary subatomic particles like protons and neutrons.
Richard Ellis, a professor of astrophysics at the University College London, said: “People agree that there's a lot missing, raising the question where is it?”
The distribution of galaxies in the universe follows a web-like pattern and scientists have speculated that the missing baryons could be floating in diffuse gaseous filaments and sheets linking the galaxy clusters in the cosmic web.
Theoretical calculations suggest these gaseous threads, known as the warm–hot intergalactic medium, or the Whim, ought to be around a million degrees celsius. A mist of gas at this temperature is too cold to emit X-rays that could be spotted by ordinary telescopes from the Earth – but not cold enough to absorb significant amounts of light passing through it.
“The trouble is, it's in this unusual temperature regime where we can't see it,” said Ellis.
Now two separate teams of scientists, one at the University of Edinburgh, the other at the Institute of Space Astrophysics in Orsay, France, have produced compelling indirect evidence for the Whim. Both teams relied on the fact that when radiation travels through a hot gas, it is scattered, meaning that the Whim ought to appear as a dim outline in the cosmic microwave background.
The scientists overlaid observations of the cosmic background radiation, made by the Planck space observatory, and the most detailed three dimensional maps of the cosmic web, created by the Sloane Digital Sky Survey (SDSS). They hypothesised that if there were gas threads linking galaxy clusters, these should show up in the Planck data.
The Edinburgh team found the regions between galaxies appeared to be about six times as dense as the surrounding bits of space and when summed up, these gaseous threads could amount to about 30% of the ordinary matter in the universe. The French teams' calculation came out at slightly less than this, but the numbers are consistent.
Ellis, who was not involved in either project, describes the findings as “inspirational”. “These two papers have been very prominently discussed and people are excited,” he added. “The Whim is out there.”
The initial measurements still do not account for all the ordinary matter, and some believe the remaining portion could be made up by exotic unobserved objects such as black holes or dark stars. Cosmologists are also still yet to discover the nature of dark matter, which makes up even more of the universe.
During 2015 and 2016, Buy-and-Hold investors applied the CryptoCurrents Moving Averages (MA) Method to their bitcoin holdings. In early-2016 an alternative approach was proposed, whereby Buy-and-Hold investors allocate their funds 50:50 between bitcoin and fiat currency, preferably US dollar.
Allocation is weighted according to the dominant direction of trend in the bitcoin price chart. If bitcoin price is deemed to be appreciating (advancing) then allocation is weighted in favor of bitcoin, for example, 70:30 (BTC vs fiat). Near the top of the advance, the investor then takes profit on their bitcoins' price increase by selling them to bring allocation back to 50% BTC and 50% fiat. The following illustration assumes a starting price of 600 BTC/USD:
Near the beginning of a bitcoin price downtrend, weighting is applied in favor of fiat, for example, 30:70 (BTC vs fiat), so that the investor has less exposure to the depreciating bitcoin price, and will have more fiat funds available to buy bitcoin at the end of the bitcoin price decline. The illustration, again, assumes a starting price of 600 BTC/USD:
Although total investment funds have decreased, compare the decrease to conventional buy-and-hold practice where the investor would have held only BTC for the duration of the $100 decline. $2,000 worth of bitcoin at $600 equates to 3.33 BTC. After a $100 decline the US dollar value of those bitcoins would be $1,666.
The CryptoCurrents Buy-and-Hold investor is exposed to less overall USD value loss, and has also increased their bitcoin holding as a result of the price decline.
Adaptive Market Response
This simple strategy takes advantage of the sizable price swings in the bitcoin chart by weighting investment funds between volatile bitcoin and relatively stable fiat. By applying an adaptive averaging strategy the investor benefits from both increases and decreases in bitcoin price. Near price wave highs the excess allocation of bitcoin is sold to reap profit from the bitcoin price increase. Near decline lows excess fiat allocation is used to buy bitcoin at a cheaper price.
The investor, therefore, always holds both bitcoin and fiat. At no time is the total investment weighted 100% in favor of either bitcoin or fiat.
But if trend is in decline, one may ask, why not allocate 100% of funds to US dollar in order to buy more bitcoins cheaply at the decline blow? The answer is that it's not a simple matter to consistently identify the bottoms (and tops) of trends. By holding at least a portion of bitcoin during an anticipated decline, should price unexpectedly turn up and start advancing, the total investment funds will benefit from the price increase of that portion of bitcoin. If the investor, anticipating decline, held no bitcoin at all and suddenly found that trend was advancing again – above the level where they sold all bitcoins – then the loss would be greater, as would the urgency to buy bitcoin. More often than not, paniced decisions “back-fire” on us. Hence, a moderate allocation strategy is combined with a market-aware weighting mechanism in order to reduce risk and to benefit from both upward and downward price movements over the long-term.
This method is more adaptive and more profitable than the conventional “buy-and-hold” strategy that only seeks to buy and to only ever sell when bitcoin is worth 10s or 100s of thousands of dollars each. The bitcoin price chart's characteristic of trading like a highly speculated and volatile commodity, rather than a stock or currency, precludes it from remaining at price highs for more than a few hours or days. However, the typical commodity swings in its price chart does make it suitable for an investment strategy that is adaptive and willing to buy and sell at critical junctures in trend.
How do we identify such “critical junctures” in trend?
Identifying the Beginning and End of Trend
The CryptoCurrents MA Method uses a combination of simple moving averages at multiple timeframes to identify the direction of trend. Initially developed for high risk short- and medium-term daytrading, the method specifically seeks to get traders into trend at the points of the lowest risk and to keep them in trend – not to its top – but until it is technically over. The objective is to get the trader into the bulk of trend – after it has already begun and is technically confirmed, and until it has topped and can be confirmed, from deterministic technical indications, to be complete.
In speculative terms this is equivalent to betting that it will rain only when the first drops start to fall; and making no bet on when it will end, but nonetheless collecting a pot of rain water after the rain has passed. The approach and methodology is very different from most trading and speculative strategies which seek to predict what will happen in the market. The CryptoCurrents MA Method seeks to identify what is currently happening in the market and to take advantage if its probability of continuation is sufficiently high.
The outcome meets the objectives and after two years of application in the market the method consistently gets traders into the largest trends for at least 80 percent of their total distance.
In order to transpose this trend identifying method from day-trading to longer-term investment it is only necessary to apply it to larger timeframe market charts. Instead of identifying trend in a 1-hour price candle chart the investor applies the method in a 1-day or 1-week candle chart. The result is that the largest bitcoin price trends can be invested in, and with all of the benefits of the CryptoCurrents Buy-and-Hold allocation strategy discussed in the previous section: low risk, market adaptability, and profiting from both price increases and decreases.
The following 1-day candle chart illustrates the method's prescribed trades from late-2015 through 2016.
1-Day Candle Chart Trends Signaled by the CryptoCurrents MA Method
When the CryptoCurrents MA Method signals an uptrend in the 1-day candle chart (green arrows), the investor weighs allocation in favor of BTC. The green rectangles represent the duration over which this BTC-weighted allocation lasts. Once the MA Method signals trend termination (top right-hand corner of rectangle), allocation is returned to 50:50 and profit is taken on the increase in bitcoin price.
Red rectangles represent periods of downtrend during which time allocation is weighted toward USD. When the MA Method signals the end of price decline, allocation is, once again, returned to 50:50, i.e. additional bitcoins are purchased at the price wave low.
Practical Next Steps
The mechanics of the MA Method, and how to assign fund allocations to the various timeframes being signaled, is explained in Buy-and-Hold Investment Strategy.
The MA Method signals and metrics are recorded for viewing verification.
Cynthia Lorraine (Lori) Perry has been missing from a group home in Wake county, NC since June 1985. That is about all that is known.
The apparent lack of information about Lori on the surface has always bothered me. When someone goes missing it is expected that the family is going to be shouting it from the rooftops. The newspapers and TV stations mention it. There should be archived stories from family and friends talking about whom the missing person was, how much they are missed. There is nothing. I cannot find mention of her in newspapers, current news stories, anything. It is like no one looked for her once she was gone. The picture here is the only picture of her provided to missing persons databases.
Here is what I have gathered, I'll include sources at the end of the post.
Lori was 17 and living in a group home of some sort in Wake county, NC. I don't know how long she had been living there, but she had been living away from her home since she was 14. On the evening of June 21 she called her mother to ask permission to attend a party she had been invited to. Her mother told her that she could not go, like any 17 year old she went anyway. She was last seen walking away from the group home. The employees of the home called her mother to tell her that Lori had left.
Two weeks after disappearing Lori's mother received a call from Lori, stating that she was fine and that she would come back once she was 18. During this call Lori is said to have stated that she was free of drugs.
I don't know why she was living away from her mother. I don't know how or by whom this group home was run. I have read speculation that perhaps she had some drug use problems. I have read that there was conflict with a step-father. None of this is first hand or in any way confirmed. Whatever the reason was, it sounds like this young woman had some troubles.
There is no information about who invited her to the party, or who she was friends with. While a quick search of “Perry family North Carolina” does return that there is a potential family, there isn't anything about her. It is unknown what her step-fathers last name was, or even her mothers first name, so there isn't much to go on there. According to her NAMUS profile there are dental records and DNA available for comparison. She would be 47 years old now, it is uncertain whether her mother is even still living to look for Lori.
Cynthia's middle name was Loraine and she often went by Lori. She had a heart tattoo on her upper left arm. She left a group home at 17 and has been missing since. Even though it doesn't appear that anyone is actively looking for her I am sure, someone is missing her.
Thanks for reading, here are some links:
http://www.websleuths.com/forums/showthread.php?129691-NC-Cynthia-Lorraine-Perry-17-Wake-County-21-June-1985
http://www.doenetwork.org/cases/491dfnc.html
https://www.findthemissing.org/en/cases/8281/0/
Advertisements
PlayStation Experience: Sony Adds 4 Developers to the List – Brings Total to 72; Persona 5 on Show?
Giuseppe Nelva November 13, 2014 4:37:22 PM EST
Sony just update the PlayStation Experience website, adding three developers that weren't previously part of the list of the studios in attendance .
On the big panel showing the logos of major developers (you can see the old one here) Atlus and Little Orbit has been added, probably indicating the presence of Persona 5 as part of the show in some form. What Little Orbit will show is unknown, since Adventure Time: Secret of the Nameless Kingdom will be released before PlayStation Experience. .
But that isn't all. Two more developers have been added to the list below the panel: Housemarque and Ovosonico, bringing the grand total up to 72.
Housemarque will possibly show Alienation, which was announced at Gamescom and was conspicuously absent form the list of games on show.
Considering that Murasaki Baby has been out for a while, Ovosonico's presence might be explained with the presence of their Creative Director Massimo Guarini at two of the developer panels, but we could possibly get a glimpse on the Italian studio's unannounced PS4 game.
PlayStation Experience will be held in Vegas between December 6th and December 7th.
DES MOINES, Iowa – Following publicized reports that the Army National Guard was planning a military training exercise on the streets of a rural Iowa town, the commanding officers have called off the mock “invasion.”
The Guard had planned a four-day urban military operation in tiny Arcadia, Iowa, population 443, sending troops to take over the town and search door-to-door for a suspected weapons dealer.
The exercise was designed as a mock scenario to give soldiers the skills needed for deployment in an urban environment, and military officials stressed that only households that consented to be part of the drill would be searched.
“It will be important for us to gain the trust and confidence of the residents of Arcadia,” Sgt. Mike Kots, readiness NCO for Alpha Company, told Carroll's Daily Times Herald. “We will need to identify individuals that are willing to assist us in training by allowing us to search their homes and vehicles and to participate in role-playing.
“We really want to get as much information out there as possible,” Kots continued, “because this operation could be pretty intrusive to the people of Arcadia.”
Military spokesman Lt. Col. Greg Hapgood, however, told WND that the operation has now been “scaled back” and no longer involves an “invasion” of Arcadia.
And while Hapgood confirmed the Guard had been inundated with objections from citizens concerned about soldiers patrolling the streets of an American town, he said most came from people out of state and unfamiliar with the operation. Iowans, he explained, typically cooperate with the Guard. The change in plans was based on troop evaluation, he said, not public outcry.
“Higher headquarters leadership,” Hapgood told WND, “given the unit's status of training proficiency, made a decision to scale back the exercise.”
Kots described the original operation to the Herald as set to begin on Thursday, April 2, with reconnaissance and exploratory patrols. On April 4 convoys were to be deployed from the armory in Carroll to nearby Arcadia, where soldiers would knock on doors, showing a picture of the invented “arms dealer.”
“Once credible intelligence has been gathered,” said Kots, “portions of the town will be road-blocked and more in-depth searches of homes and vehicles will be conducted in accordance with the residents' wishes.
“One of the techniques we use in today's political environment is cordon and knock,” Kots explained. “We ask for the head of the household, get permission to search, then have them open doors and cupboards. The homeowner maintains control. We peer over their shoulder, and the soldier uses the homeowner's body language and position to protect him.”
The planned drill had also included overhead supervision from a Blackhawk helicopter, crowd-control measures and simulated extraction of “injured” people, culminating in capture of the “arms dealer.”
“This exercise will improve the real-life operational skills of the unit,” said Kots. “And it will hopefully improve the public's understanding of military operations.”
“There are no active duty bases in Iowa, so there are no urban warfare training areas of any size,” Hopgood said. “In order to get that larger neighborhood feel or city feel, we have to be creative and partner with our communities.”
Hopgood further told WND that in past cooperative exercises with the community, the people of Iowa have welcomed learning how their sons and daughters operate in action.
Plans for the urban operation training, Hopgood explained, are still set to continue, but will be conducted in a smaller, platoon-by-platoon basis in the near vicinity of the Carroll armory.
It is as easy to forget ourselves as it is easy to wake up.
Here are a progression of work to wake up our shoulders hips and spine and bring about greater freedom and health in movement and in thought.
Let your breath lead the movement in both tempo and depth.
Start standing with your legs under your hips. Ease your knees and ankles and move one hip forward and one back and reverse it. Move one hip up and the other down and reverse it. Now combine the movements so the center of your hips where the spine rests, stays in place and your hips form following circles in place. Make sure you are moving your hips instead of pushing the ground with your feet. Stand and raise one shoulder up as you relax the other one down and reverse it. Move one shoulder forward and the other back and reverse it. Now combine the two into two circles moving one after the other and note the change in tension in the muscles that wrap the spine and in the neck. Have a partner press their hands or fists at the sides of your spine where your ribs meet. Release tension in your spinal muscles to move with the pressure and once arched, arch back and push the contact back with the rounding of your back. Repeat at various location on your spine and have fun with direction and location. Turn to face your partner and repeat the work with the fists on the bottom ribs center and then at free play. Walk freely and have your partner try to wrap their arms around your neck. Move from the shoulder, then hip, then spine to avoid being entangles but maintain the contact and return the favor. Make sure you see all around you instead of focusing outside of yourself. Stand a step away from each other and push each others legs with yours. Move to maintain contact but avoid increasing tension by relaxing the opposing hip to the contacted leg and ease the movement into a few steps to avoid getting stuck into a pinball state of mind. Walk with your partner behind you. Turn to them at will and have them push you continuously with all limbs while moving toward you and through where you are. Allow their every move by relaxing your frame as we have done so far but stay in contact and blend into their movement.
A team of researchers has developed the first scalable method to identify different subtypes of neurons in the human brain. The research lays the groundwork for "mapping" the gene activity in the human brain and could help provide a better understanding of brain functions and disorders, including Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, schizophrenia and depression.
By isolating and analyzing the nuclei of individual human brain cells, researchers identified 16 neuronal subtypes in the cerebral cortex -- the brain's outer layer of neural tissue responsible for cognitive functions including memory, attention and decision making. The team, led by researchers at the University of California San Diego, The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) and Illumina, published their findings in the June 24 online issue of the journal Science.
"We're providing a unified framework to look at and compare individual neurons, which can help us find out how many unique types of neurons exist," said Kun Zhang, bioengineering professor at the University of California, San Diego and a corresponding author of the study.
Researchers can use these different neuronal subtypes to build what Zhang calls a "reference map" of the human brain -- a foundation to understand the differences between a healthy brain and a diseased brain.
"In the future, patients with brain disorders or abnormalities could be diagnosed and treated based on how they differ from the reference map. This is analogous to what's being done with the reference human genome map," Zhang said.
The new study reflects a growing understanding that individual brain cells are unique: they express different types of genes and perform different functions. To better understand this diversity, researchers analyzed more than 3,200 single human neurons in six Brodmann areas, which are regions of the cerebral cortex classified by their functions and arrangements of neurons.
Through an interdisciplinary collaborative effort, the team developed a new method to isolate and sequence individual cell nuclei. TSRI researchers led by neuroscience professor Jerold Chun obtained the samples from a post mortem brain and focused on isolating the neuronal nuclei. Zhang's lab worked with Fluidigm, a manufacturer of microfluidic chips for single-cell studies, to develop a protocol to identify and quantify RNA molecules in individual neuronal nuclei. Scientists at San Diego-based Illumina sequenced the resulting RNA libraries. Researchers led by biochemistry professor Wei Wang at UC San Diego developed algorithms to cluster and identify 16 neuronal subtypes from the sequenced datasets.
Researchers deciphered what types of genes were "turned on" within each nucleus and revealed that various combinations of the 16 subtypes tended to cluster in cortical layers and Brodmann areas, helping explain why these regions look and function differently.
Neurons exhibited many differences in their transcriptomic profiles -- the patterns of genes that are being actively expressed by these cells -- revealing single neurons with shared, as well as unique, characteristics that likely lead to difference in cellular function.
"We're finding new ways to understand the basic building blocks of the brain," said Blue Lake, a postdoctoral researcher in Zhang's lab and a co-first author of the study. "Our study opens the door to look at global gene expression patterns and how that defines cell types within a normal tissue, which can also be used to see what's abnormal in terms of disease or disorders."
In future studies, researchers aim to analyze neurons in other Brodmann areas of the brain and investigate what subtypes exist in other brain regions. They also plan to study neurons from multiple post mortem human brains (this study only involved one) to investigate neuronal diversity among individuals.
Massacre, torture and abuse of innocents destroys NATO's “humanitarian” legitimacy
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday, September 2, 2011
NATO-backed Libyan rebels are rounding up thousands of innocent black migrants and taking them to prison camps as part of mass reprisals that include reports of indiscriminate killings, mistreatment and torture, as the “humanitarian” veneer of the west's military intervention quickly crumbles.
Migrant blacks and sub-Saharan Africans comprise one third of the entire Libyan population, and a minority were hired by Gaddafi as mercenary fighters, but rebels are treating them all as enemy combatants, with reports of abuse, murders and mass arrests increasing in volume.
“Rebel forces and armed civilians are rounding up thousands of black Libyans and migrants from sub-Sahara Africa, accusing them of fighting for ousted strongman Moammar Gadhafi and holding them in makeshift jails across the capital,” reports the Associated Press.
The AP story notes that virtually all of the victims are innocent migrant workers and have not fought for Gaddafi, but rebels are still rounding them up and interning them in sports stadiums and other prison camps simply on the basis of their skin color.
At least 5,000 men have been detained, but human rights groups put the figure far higher.
However, the abuse goes way beyond mass roundups. African Union chairman Jean Ping told the Washington Post there was clear evidence of reprisal murders. “They are killing people, normal workers, mistreating them,” he stated. The story also relates how 500 Darfuris are “ are desperately trying to get out of Libya…. they very much fear for their lives because of the color of their skin,” according to Richard Sollom, deputy director of Physicians for Human Rights.
Amnesty International investigators have also witnessed abuses at the Central Tripoli Hospital, “including men being dragged from hospital beds and detained,” while also witnessing unidentified dead bodies of black men being transported to the morgue.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The London Independent also reported on how Amnesty representatives witnessed rebels dumping the decomposing bodies of 30 men, almost all of them black, after they were killed outside a makeshift hospital which bore the symbol of the Islamic Crescent.
The killings have been spurred by “apparently overblown, or downright false” rumors “that Gaddafi had hired black African mercenaries from Chad and elsewhere to act as executioners of Libyan civilians, gunning them down in cold blood during protests,” writes Rick Moran.
The potential for abuse, torture and indiscriminate killings of black migrant Libyans to escalate into a substantial program of racial ethnic cleansing carried out by radical Islamist rebels, who are being led by Al-Qaeda terrorists, is why the African Union has refused to support NATO's act of regime change.
The NATO-backed Libyan Transitional National Council has warned against reprisal killings, but the TNC has little power to stop such atrocities given that terrorist commanders such as Abd Al-Hakim Belhadj and their armies are in control of major cities including Tripoli.
The rebels' treatment of black Libyans offers further proof to underscore the fact that NATO's “humanitarian” pretext for intervention was a complete hoax and that western forces have in fact handed an entire country over to mobs of extremists and racists who will continue to discriminate and abuse the black population until it is driven out of the country altogether.
The videos below show clear evidence of blacks, the majority of whom are innocent migrant workers and not Gaddafi loyalists, being mistreated, attacked and killed by Libyan rebels. One particularly disturbing clip shows a black man hung for public display.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com. He is the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show.
This article was posted: Friday, September 2, 2011 at 5:05 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Restaurant branding is a concern for all quick service and fast casual business entrepreneurs. Branding separates your business from your competitors. It is also a component of your marketing strategy necessary for developing customer loyalty. What will your restaurant brand be known for?
Restaurant branding requires three parts; creativity, values, and market differentiation.
Restaurant Branding: The Creative Mindset
Clay Dover, CMO of Raising Cane's, knows a lot about building a national brand. He oversees the marketing direction for more than 180 restaurants. Writing for Nation's Restaurant News, Dover covers the ways that brands touch our lives with their creativity.
“They touch our souls, make us laugh, give us a story to tell — they inspire us. How many times has someone said to you, ‘Did you see that commercial,' or ‘Look at that billboard.' Some of the best restaurant brands use creativity to help create a big impact for a small cost.” – “How brands can stand out in a crowded industry”
If you are looking for inspiration, Chipotle ran an emotional campaign this year around their commitment to sustainable farming. “The Scarecrow” video has been seen more than 12,000,000 times on Youtube reaching viral status, but that is not the only way that Chipotle expresses its brand. The architecture of Chipotle is influenced by its humble origins when the first restaurant used items bought from a hardware store for its lighting and fixtures.
We can see by this example that values also play an important part in restaurant branding.
Restaurant Branding: Amplify Values
Denise Lee Yohn also has advice for quick service restaurants, “Define your identity”.
She offers two techniques for discovering your brand's values:
Let your employees help you by creating a brand documentary: You don't have to hire a crew. As Yohn tells us “The documentary doesn't need to have high production values; a smartphone to capture clips and an app to edit them together works just fine. The purpose of the video is to highlight examples of how the brand is delivered by employees and experienced by customers.” Write a brand obituary: As morbid as this may sound to, it is brilliant advice. An obituary is used to define the accomplishments of a life. Doing this for your brand will highlight what you want your brand to be known for.
These are only two ways, can you think of more? If you do please a leave a comment with your suggestions.
Restaurant Branding: Differentiate
The hardest task you face is differentiating your brand from your competitors. Promotions have to go beyond price. This is why creativity, ability to inspire, and your restaurant's values are so important to develop. They help you build an intimate relationship with customers which can be leveraged to create a loyal community.
One of the easiest ways to differentiate your restaurant is to create a brand loyalty campaign linked to your customer's mobile phone.
Yes, we know that mobile payment is one of the most important trends in restaurant marketing. More customers are opting to use smart phones to pay their bills. It is also the preferred choice of payment for the millennial generation, a leading demographic for sales.
When you link your POS to a mobile phone, you also get an added benefit in the form of data collection. This gives an advantage over others in the marketplace. This data can be used to create a more personal connection to your customers.
Virtual Next has developed a loyalty marketing solution that integrates with mobile POS apps. Customers that use their smart phone can receive offers whenever they are near to one of your franchise locations. It is simpler than it sounds and can be implemented with relative ease. Our client Currito is using this technology to connect with customers and you can too. Please contact us today to find out how.
photo credit: jenny downing via photopin cc
During WWI (1914-1918), large numbers of women were recruited into jobs vacated by men who had gone to fight in the war. New jobs were also created as part of the war effort, for example in munitions factories. The high demand for weapons resulted in the munitions factories becoming the largest single employer of women during 1918. Though there was initial resistance to hiring women for what was seen as ‘men's work', the introduction of conscription in 1916 made the need for women workers urgent. Around this time, the government began coordinating the employment of women through campaigns and recruitment drives.
Examine Examine 20 mins Watch these women on the home front.html and these women at war.html Now answer the following questions: How many jobs can you identify women undertaking in the two video clips? What does "social revolution" mean? How did women's entry into the workplace during WW1contribute to the war effort? What was the main message in the government's propaganda film shown in 'Women at War'?
This led to women working in areas of work that were formerly reserved for men, for example as railway guards and ticket collectors, buses and tram conductors, postal workers, police, firefighters and as bank ‘tellers' and clerks. Some women also worked heavy or precision machinery in engineering, led cart horses on farms, and worked in the civil service and factories. However, they received lower wages for doing the same work, and thus began some of the earliest demands for equal pay.
By 1917 munitions factories, which primarily employed women workers, produced 80% of the weapons and shells used by the British Army (Airth-Kindree, 1987). Known as ‘canaries' because they had to handle TNT (the chemical compound trinitrotoluene that is used as an explosive agent in munitions) which caused their skin to turn yellow, these women risked their lives working with poisonous substances without adequate protective clothing or the required safety measures. Around 400 women died from overexposure to TNT during WWI.
Discuss Discuss 15 mins Watch this clip which depicts the experiences of women working in an ammunitions factory during World War I. women and the great war.html Now listen to this account Womens Munition Worker Account.htm Discuss the following: Why did "order" need to be kept in factories? Why were the women workers called "canaries"? What were the long term impacts of women's entry into the workplace during the World War I?
Women, wages and rights
Women munition workers sorting shells during the First World War Credit: TUC Collections, London Metropolitan University
Women's employment rates increased during WWI, from 23.6% of the working age population in 1914 to between 37.7% and 46.7% in 1918 (Braybon 1989, p.49). It is difficult to get exact estimates because domestic workers were excluded from these figures and many women moved from domestic service into the jobs created due to the war effort. The employment of married women increased sharply – accounting for nearly 40% of all women workers by 1918 (Braybon, 1989: p. 49).
But because women were paid less than men, there was a worry that employers would continue to employ women in these jobs even when the men returned from the war. This did not happen; either the women were sacked to make way for the returning soldiers or women remained working alongside men but at lower wage rates. But even before the end of the war, many women refused to accept lower pay for what in most cases was the same work as had been done previously by men. The women workers on London buses and trams went on strike in 1918 to demand the same increase in pay (war bonus) as men. The strike spread to other towns in the South East and to the London Underground. This was the first equal pay strike in the UK which was initiated, led and ultimately won by women.
Following women's demands for equal pay, a Committee was set up by the War Cabinet in 1917 to examine the question of women's wages and released its final report after the war ended (Report of the War Cabinet Committee on Women in Industry, Cmd 135, 1919, p.2).
This report endorsed the principle of 'equal pay for equal work'. But their expectation was that due to their ‘lesser strength and special health problems', women's 'output' would not be equal to that of men. Despite evidence that women had taken on what were considered men's jobs and performed them effectively during the war, this did not shift popular (and government) perception that women would be less productive than men. The unions received guarantees that where women had fully replaced skilled men they would be paid the same as the men - ie would receive equal pay. But it was made clear that these changes were for the duration of the war only and would be reversed when the war ended and the soldiers came back.
Compare Compare 30 mins Using images and documents contained in the 'gallery' and text contained within the 'Women, Wages and Rights' section. Create a 5-minute presentation which explores the issues surrounding 'Women, Wages and Rights' You should explore the following in your presentation: Introduce the topic of 'Women, Wages and Rights';
Give an argument for the equal pay of women workers;
Give an argument against the equal pay of women workers;
Which argument do you find more persuasive and why?
Outline the agreement reached on women's wages by government in 'equal pay for equal work';
Do you think the settlement was a fair one for women?
Conclude and give your opinion on the information contained in your presentation. What makes a strong presentation? Use evidence, statistics and quotes to support your arguments
Never have too much text on one slide
Get to the point and keep your points straightforward
Keep your presentation short, have no more than 3 slides in a 5 minute presentation
Use images to enhance your main points
Be careful with your choice of font, colour and layout
Have a title on each slide
Take time when you talk, be clear and make eye contact
Make sure you introduce your presentation, then when concluding link back to this introduction
The women conductors of the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Company pose for a studio portrait in 1917-18 Credit: TUC Collections, London Metropolitan University
There are several issues that all compound together and make you a really unattractive candidate for dating/marraige.
The biggest one by far, is that you're a single mother. Irrelevant of the race of the child, many men have a very strong negative emotional reaction to putting in resources to raise another mans child. This comes from our evolutionary history, those men who evolved mechanisms to feel disgust towards the idea of raising another mans child simply passed on their genetics more often. The more resources spent on raising another mans child the less you have to spend on your own genetic offspring and traits which encouraged men to be indiscriminate about the progeny of the children he was fathering were simply an evolutionary dead end.
Second of all the child is mixed which means any white man trying to date you is going to have an outward indicator that signals to other men the above problem. And men judge other men on this issue, we all tend to feel this disgust even if its on the behalf of someone else, so there's social stigma there. At least with a white baby the problem is somewhat hidden from immediate view.
Third, the uncomfortable truth here is that black men in many places such as America tend to abandon their children. Approximately 20% of white children are fatherless but a whopping 60% of black children are fatherless. Most people are aware of the fatherless problems with black children, and so men have to question your judgement here. Men are discerning when it comes to a potential female partners choices in life, it's a judge of her character. Why did you pick a man to get pregnant with who is the type of character of someone who would leave? Too many people (mostly women) are quick to blame the man for leaving, but secretly men also judge women for picking that man to begin with, after all you have all the power when dating, who to court, who to sleep with, etc.
Forth, your attitude here is really bad. You're looking for a man to take care of you, that comes with an incredible sense of entitlement. Why would any man do that?
Apple recently launched an HTML5 showcase on its official website with several demos that are intended to highlight some of the advanced Web development capabilities that are made available by emerging standards. The showcase has attracted criticism from standards advocates, however, because it pops up a message telling users that they will need to download Safari in order to view the demos.
Some of the demos legitimately require Safari because they use Apple-specific Web features that are still at extremely early stages of the standardization process, but most of the demos will function properly in Chrome and Firefox. Apple's clumsy browser detection mechanism and careless attitude about the distinction between Safari features and actual standards has raised some troubling questions for the Web community.
It's worth noting from the start that the underlying idea of Apple's HTML5 showcase is not itself controversial. In fact, the Mozilla Hacks blog and Google's Chrome Experiments gallery both serve similar purposes. All three sites have some demos and content that rely to an extent on nascent technologies that are not yet supported across multiple browsers. It's also important to understand that browser-specific features are a necessary and important part of the Web's evolution—most new features that become standards are originally implemented in some experimental form by one of the major browser vendors.
The problem is that Apple's showcase lacks sufficient disclosure and clarity regarding the level of cross-browser support and industry acceptance for individual features.
Some of the language on the showcase page is misleading, and the message that it displays to non-Safari users is detrimental to the long-term goals of the HTML5 standards effort. Telling users that they need one specific browser in order to view HTML5 content downplays the availability of HTML5 support in other modern browsers and wrongly inflates the perception that HTML5 is fragmented. It's also troubling because it sets a bad example for third-party Web developers regarding best practices for browser detection.
Oddly enough, Apple has a whole separate version of the showcase on its developer website that exhibits none of these offensive characteristics. The more appropriately named "Safari Technology Demos" page has the same demos, but doesn't categorically block alternate browsers. I was able to test the demos in Chrome and found that most of them worked as expected. This alternate page is accessible by clicking the "Developers" link at the bottom of the HTML5 showcase. This alternate version of the showcase is much closer to how it should be done.
I don't think that anybody objects to Apple having a Safari Technology Demos page that shows off a mix of emerging Web standards and Safari features. But it's not appropriate to conflate browser-specific functionality and open standards in the manner that the HTML5 showcase page does.
Mozilla evangelist Chris Blizzard voiced his concern about the issue in a recent blog entry. He characterizes Apple's HTML5 showcase as a misguided marketing stunt and explains why it is detrimental to the browser ecosystem. He says that the browser block on the demos is a "F**k You" to the people who make and run other standards-compliant browsers. He also voices some criticism of Google, which he says has made similar mistakes in promoting its Native Client technology and other nonstandard features.
"Apple's messaging is clearly meant to say 'hey, we love the web' but the actual demos they have and the fact that actively block other browsers from those demos don't match their messaging. It's not intellectually honest at all," Blizzard wrote. "HTML5 is in a dangerous place since everyone wants to own it, but everyone is in a different place in terms of support or even what it means. I can't promise what other organizations will do, but I can at least say what I will do in the future. At Mozilla, intellectual honesty matters and it matters to me personally. So I don't think you'll see us do things like this in the future."
Indeed, Mozilla has a reasonably good track record when it comes to accurately conveying the standardization status of Web technologies. This is particularly evident in the Mozilla Hacks blog, where posts consistently include appropriate disclosure in cases where nonstandard or Mozilla-specific technologies are discussed.
The real power of HTML5 is that it is vendor-neutral technology that anyone can implement and support with their own authoring tools. Apple should change its HTML5 showcase page to reflect the true spirit of the standard: interoperability and cross-browser support.
Adam Buckman at the NYPost blew the whistle last week on a moral equivalence-marinated PBS documentary that airs tonight. Melanie Morgan and I chatted about the smearing of the Greatest Generation with Rush Limbaugh during the “From the Frontlines” web-a-thon on Friday. I've heard from many upset WWII vets. Read Adam's column here.
Excerpt:
Members of the Greatest Generation – especially those with weak hearts – might want to steer clear of an upcoming PBS documentary that suggests the Allied victory in World War II was “tainted” and questions whether it can even be called a victory.
Moreover, the documentary, titled “The War of the World: A New History of the 20th Century,” asserts that the war could only be won by forming an unholy alliance with a dictator – Joseph Stalin, who was as brutal as the one they were fighting, Adolf Hitler – and by adopting the same “pitiless” and “remorseless” tactics practiced by the enemy.
The three-part documentary is a companion to the best-selling book, “The War of the World: Twentieth Century Conflict and the Descent of the West” by Harvard and Oxford historian Niall Ferguson. The one-hour Part One of the documentary premieres Monday night at 10 on Ch. 13 [in NYC; check your local listings]. The other two parts air the following two Mondays. World War II is the focus of Part Two.
…it is Ferguson's revisionist view of the tactics applied by the Allies in World War II that is likely to raise the hackles of those who have always believed in the “necessity” of bombing German and Japanese civilians, culminating in the atomic attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, to end a war we did not start.
“I think it's very hard for those who have imbibed the idea of a ‘great generation' that what the Allies did to defeat the Axis was in some measure to adopt totalitarian tactics,” Ferguson says in a Q&A on PBS's Web site.
"High tech and low life": never have I heard a literary genre so elegantly encapsulated. I repeat it whenever a friend who finds out I enjoy reading cyberpunk novels — or watching cyberpunk movies, or playing cyberpunk video games — asks what "cyberpunk" actually means. We've all heard the word thrown around since the mid-1980s, and I seem to recall hearing it several times a day in the 1990s, when the development of the internet and its associated pieces of personal technology hit the accelerator hard. At the dawn of that decade, out came Cyberpunk, a primer on the eponymous movement in not just literature, film, and computers, but music, fashion, crime, punishment, and medicine as well. That time saw technology develop in such a way as to empower fewer governments, corporations, and other institutions than individual people: virtuous people, sketchy people, everyday people, and that favorite cyberpunk character type, the "gentleman-loser."
We recently featured No Maps for These Territories, the 2000 documentary starring William Gibson, author of novels like Neuromancer, Idoru, and Pattern Recognition and the writer most closely associated with the cyberpunk movement. Cyberpunk describes him, a decade earlier, as "the man who may be said to have started it all," and here he shares insights on how the literary form he pioneered made possible stylistic development within and the importation of elements of the wider literary and artistic world into the reactionary "golden ghetto" of the science-fiction industry. We also hear, amid a farrago of glossy, flamboyantly artificial early-1990s computer animation, from a number of cyberpunk-inclined artists, musicians, scientists, and hackers.
This lineup includes psychologist, LSD enthusiast, and Neuromancer PC game mastermind Timothy Leary, in some sense a progenitor of this whole culture of self-enhancement through technology. How has all this worked out in the near-quarter-century since? It depends on whether one of Gibson's darker predictions aired here will come true: if things go wrong, he says, the future could in reality end up not as a grand personal empowerment but as "a very expensive American television commercial injected directly into your cortex." Fortunately for cyberpunks the world over, we haven't got there yet. Quite.
(And if this documentary gets you wanting to jump into cyberpunk literature, you could do worse than starting with Rudy Rucker's Ware Tetralogy, two of whose books won the Philip K. Dick Award for best novel, all of which come with an introduction by Gibson, now available free online.)
Cyberpunk will be added to our collection, 265 Free Documentaries Online, part of our larger collection, 1,150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc..
Related Content:
Take a Road Trip with Cyberspace Visionary William Gibson, Watch No Maps for These Territories (2000)
Timothy Leary Plans a Neuromancer Video Game, with Art by Keith Haring, Music by Devo & Cameos by David Byrne
William Gibson, Father of Cyberpunk, Reads New Novel in Second Life
What's the Internet? That's So 1994…
Colin Marshall hosts and produces Notebook on Cities and Culture and writes essays on cities, language, Asia, and men's style. He's at work on a book about Los Angeles, A Los Angeles Primer. Follow him on Twitter at @colinmarshall or on Facebook.
Ladies ladies, settle down.
Finally, the much-anticipated video, "Ten Reasons to Lift Weights with Your Vagina" has been posted by "liberation master" and sex coach, Kim Anami. Fine, so maybe you never knew there was even one good argument for lifting weights with your vagina, but behold: there are ten -- or so Anami claims.
While some reasons seem a little fishy, a few holds true. Let's take a closer look at Anami's claims:
1. Kegels don't work
This “fact” is widely disputed by doctors and women's physical therapists. Kegels can strengthen vaginal muscles without resistance in the same way yoga strengthens the core with a pose. Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman told The Huffington Post that women who find kegels (the act of contracting muscles in the pelvic floor) ineffective might be suffering from pelvic floor damage, or more likely, they might be doing them incorrectly.
Practice your kegels in traffic, at your desk or in your 19th Century English Lit class. Try doing some now!
Remember, kegels and weightlifting are not mutually exclusive. Anami cites an ancient Taoist system of sexual practice that encourages pelvic weightlifting as an essential part of a health regime, and Dr. Berman recommends very light weights for resistance training.
2. Intensify your orgasms.
The debate about the effectiveness of kegels pulses on, but everyone agrees that a strong pelvic floor can intensify orgasm.
“The orgasm is an intense contraction, and a stronger pelvic floor can definitely intensify that, and even make it easier to have G-spot orgasms. This is because you are creating greater tension around the G-spot, and around him [the man's penis],” says Dr. Berman.
While a strong pelvic floor is important, though, it is only one of many contributing factors to having a healthy sex life. Dr. Leah Millheiser , director of the Female Sexual Medicine Program at Stanford University School of Medicine told the Huffington Post that "Sexual dysfunction really is multifaceted in women: It's psychological, it's physiological, it includes relationship factors."
3. Become a world record-holder.
The current record is held by a 40-something Russian mom named Tatyana Kozhevnikova. She unofficially claimed the title for World's Strongest Vagina in 2009 when she's lifting 31 pounds with her vagina.
Everyone knows records are meant to be broken, but vaginal weightlifting can be dangerous if not done safely and in moderation.
4. Intensify your man's orgasm.
Kozhevnikova told the Inquisitor, "It's enough to exercise your vagina five minutes a day, ladies, and in just one week you'll be able to give yourself and your man unforgettable pleasure in bed."
A strong pelvic floor can intensify orgasm for both a woman and her partner, but, as noted earlier, kegels may be just as effective for this kind of conditioning.
5. Be the life of the party
Is it every woman's God-given right to shoot ping-pong balls out her vagina? You be the judge.
6. Bring your partner to orgasm with just the power of your pelvic muscles.
See numbers 2 and 4.
7. Discipline your man with your new skill.
All we can say is… Use your newfound power wisely.
8. Become a superhero.
With great power comes great responsibility.
9. Increase your libido.
Many women do not generally think about their genitals when they are not actively using them, according to Dr. Berman, She says when pelvic floor strengthening exercises are used, it creates a stronger genital mind connection, promoting more blood flow to the area. A stronger awareness can more easily put you in the mood when you otherwise might not be.
10. Never need your man to open that pickle jar again.
Ladies, start working out!
In the last year and a half when rumors of Castro's death came around many of the Cuba émigré population of South Florida had impromptu parades and waived their Cuban Flags with Che's Gloria Estefan's picture on them. I might be a bit off on that last part.
But now, Fidel Castro is retiring (as President, not Party Secretary) and his brother Jeb Raul, at the spritely age of 76 will ostensibly take over, as he has essentially been filling in for the last year plus. Something tells me Raul's ratification as President will not exactly be a squeaker.
For a "beginning of the end" this all seems rather, anticlimactic — but what do you do when your detested former strongman pretty much retires into the sunset?
(picture from Robert of Fairfax)
Bangkok had the coldest morning in 30 years on Thursday, when temperatures fell to 15.6 degrees Celsius.
Despite Bangkok recording the coldest night in three decades, protesters still sleep outside under the stars at Bangkok Shutdown protest sites, photo of Ratchaprasong rally site on Jan 16. (Photo: Thanarak Khoonton
WEATHER
Death toll mounts as cold spell continues
23/01/2014
Online Reporters
Temperatures dropping to 2-3 C with frost possibly on the mountaintops of the North and Northeast.
The unusually long cold spell across the North, Northeast and Central regions has killed 63 people in the past three months and Bangkok has suffered its coldest night in three decades.
Sophon Mekthon, director general of the Disease Control Department, said on Thursday that the 63 fatalities were reported in 27 provinces between Oct 22, 2013 and Jan 19, 2014.
Most of the fatalities were men. The youngest was a one-month-old baby and the oldest was a 81 years old. A Cambodian and a British national were also among the victims.
The northern border province of Chiang Rai had the most deaths, with six, followed by Sa Kaeo and Nakhon Ratchasima in the Northeast with five each.
Forty-five provinces have been declared cold-spell disaster zones and more than 25 million people have been affected by the cold weather.
Songkram Aksorn, deputy director general of the Meteorological Department, said Bangkok had its coldest morning in 30 years on Thursday, when the temperature fell to 15.6 degrees Celsius.
This year's cool season has been the longest for a decade, lasting almost three months, Mr Songkram said.
Narong Sahametapat, the permanent secretary for public health, said health officials in cold-struck provinces had been assigned to visit villages and take care of people, particularly children and the elderly.
He recommended and urged people in cold-hit areas to exercise regularly to improve blood circulation and consume food with high energy density as well as drink hot beverages. People should avoid caffeinated and alcoholic drinks.
The unusually long cool season, blamed on a cold front coming from the north, has also had an impact on Thailand's rice crop.
"The new rice harvest coming in is not of good quality, because it has flowered too early with this cool season's unusually low temperatures," said Vichai Sripraset, honorary president of the Thai Rice Exporters Association.
"When temperatures are low, fertilisation is bad, and then you get a lot of empty rice husks," he explained.
The cold weather has coincided with three months of almost daily street protests in the capital.
Leaders of anti-government protests said the low temperatures had not deterred people from joining the demonstrations. Many of them sleep out on the streets.
"It's been cold but not freezing, and Thai people generally enjoy cool weather the same way Westerners enjoy sunny skies," said Akanat Promphan, spokesman for the anti-government People's Democratic Reform Committee (PDRC), which has been leading protests in the capital since early November.
http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/local/391073/unusual-3-month-cold-spell-in-thailand-claims-63-lives
Every single game ever made wants your character dead. Well, unless it's got dancing babies on its box or it's trying to lose you weight by forcing you to swing your arms around like a twat. With that in mind, we thought it might be helpful to give you a guide on how to spot impending video game danger. After you've brushed up on our exhaustive guide, which covers every sure-fire sign of peril from ominous music to evil facial hair, you'll be dodging video game death like a pro. Oh, and we guarantee you'll never look at a pile of leaves the same way again.
You reach a save point in front of some massive, ominous door
Yeah, never a good sign this. Games which force you to save manually – Resi, God of War etc. – are rarely charitable. So when they casually suggest you should maybe protect your progress with this form of safety net, you better bloody do so. Because you can be sure of two things about that door: A) There's something behind it that almost definitely wants to rip your face off and B) There's no way in Hell you're beating the bastard first time.
Above: Hmmmm, it's probably the second one, right?
The game gives you every weapon it has for apparently no reason
Wow, cheers Mr. Game that's been a total dick to me for the last 10 hours. You're really giving me every death laser, rusty, infected chainsaw and Arnie-shaming mini-gun with maxed out ammo, with absolutely no strings attached? Shucks, you're too kind. Wait, where did this army of tooled-up to the teeth aliens/flesh-eating mutants/military insurgents suddenly spring from? Dang.
There's any sign of blood
Blood is bad, pure and simple. See even a drop of it in a game and you can be sure whatever did the stabbing, shooting or ingesting to cause said plasma spillage is still in the area. Be it trails, pools or disturbing messages written in the red stuff; the presence of the claret of life means someone has suffered hugely. And, chances are, your character's about to as well.
Above: Don't be fooled, some bad stuff's about to go down here
Skyraider AD-2 and StuH 42 Ausf. G, 1943
For all our players who like attack aircraft there will be a pleasant surprise, the legendary Skyraider AD-2 will be introduced into our game. It will be added to the US tech tree in the "Weapons of Victory" update. In addition, we will be discussing the Sturmhaubitze 42 Ausf.G, 1943.
Skyraider AD-2
A fourth rank aircraft which is ideal for ground attack. As can be seen, there is one 20mm M3 cannon with 200 rounds per barrel on the central parts of the wings. Two Mk.51 bomb racks installed at the wing root, which together with the ventral mount can be used for various bombs weighing up to 2000 pounds (907kg) per attachment point or a torpedo type Mk.13-3. Under the folding outer-wing there are 12 pylons which are set to use Mk.9-2 missiles.
Kirill "Lassar" Vostretsov, Game Designer:​
With the release of 1.49, this will clearly be one of the most effective rank 4 attack aircraft and potentially the most efficient one in the game. It has a large payload and the widest variety of armament options available - bombs, rockets and torpedoes
Yuri Titarev, Artist:​
The aircraft is interesting for its "inflated" form. It combines both a massive rounded top and at the same time, the flat bottom of the fuselage. Three air brakes also add to the massiveness of the aircraft. Due to the lack of propeller spinner you can easily see the radiator flaps in front of engine and you can clearly see how they function during animation. The engine itself is installed at a slight angle relative to the axis of the aircraft. We had to spend a lot of time to implement both main landing gear, and their fairings. The model has a lot of animated objects, folding wings, a hook, brake pads, and much more.
Sturmhaubitze 42 Ausf.G, 1943
This german self-propelled gun, introduced at the second rank, will be a serious threat to its opponents.
Vyacheslav "BVV_d" Bulannikov, Game Designer:
Assault variant of the Stug-3 SPG, where the 75mm anti-tank gun was replaced with a 105mm Rheinmetall-Borsig StuH42 howitzer, which was created based on the leFH 18 howitzer light field gun.
The first representative of this type of vehicle in the game. Powerful high-explosive shells allow combat with light armoured vehicles and medium tanks weaker areas are targeted, and HEAT ammunition capable of destroying even heavy tanks.
Svetlana Smirnova, Artist:
An assault howitzer from 1943. This variant is based on the StuH 40 ausf G, the chassis of which was best suited for installing a 105 mm howitzer. Originally howitzers were equipped with a “two-chamber” muzzle brake which we can see in this version. Later, from September of 1944, howitzers designed for installation on this vehicle were produced without a muzzle brake.
(Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Personal finance experts often advise people to spend no more than 30 percent of their income on housing. But for a growing number of renters, spending only 30 percent would be a welcome prospect, a new study finds.
Nearly 28 percent of all renters were "severely cost-burdened" in 2011, meaning they spent over half their incomes on rent, according to the study from Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies. The study, which analyzed U.S. Census Bureau data, additionally found that more than half of all renting households – 50.8 percent – were either moderately or severely cost-burdened, spending more than 30 percent of their incomes on rent.
That share of renters facing potential affordability problems has grown substantially in recent years, the study says. As recently as 2000, only 38.1 percent of renters spent more than 30 percent of their incomes on rent. As of 1960, only 23.8 percent of renting households did.
A person looking for a rental right now faces an even more daunting affordability challenge. The median asking rent for a new apartment right now is $1,090 per month, compared to the $861 per month in median gross rent for all apartments.
The gap between rents and incomes has growth particularly wide since the turn of the millennium, the study notes. After decades of moderately diverging and converging, gross rents and incomes finally split more decidedly over the last 12 years. Rents grew by an inflation-adjusted 6 percent between 2000 and 2012, the report says, while real median renter incomes fell by 13 percent.
"As a result, the gap between rental costs and renter incomes in 2012 was wider than in any year except 2010," the study says.
Affordability issues for renters are among the great ironies to come out of the recession, says Shaun Donovan, secretary of Housing and Urban Affairs, as plummeting home prices caused many Americans to worry that housing had become too cheap.
"In the midst of the broader crisis you have a silent crisis in many ways going on among renters, and particularly among the lowest-income renters," Donovan said at a Monday event releasing the report.
The share of the population renting homes has grown sharply in recent years. In the 2000s, the number of renting households grew by 500,000 annually, but in the last three years, that rate increased to 1.25 million annually.
The increased interest in renting was driven in part by the recession. The downturn pushed some homeowners from their homes and prevented some potential buyers from purchasing houses, but the report also points out that the recession "highlighted the many risks of homeownership," like the potential for a drop in home value, as well as benefits of renting, such as the ease renting allows in relocating and the fact that it lessens the burdens of home maintenance.
While increased demand may have driven rents up, a dearth of low-income housing has also contributed to a lack of affordability for many renters. The number of low-income renters has grown alongside the number of high-income renters, meaning tougher competition for apartments and homes on the rental market. More than 30 percent of all rentals that "extremely low-income renters," defined as those with less than 30 percent of area median income, could afford in 2011 were occupied by higher-income households, according to the report.
This is helping to create a "supply gap," the report says. Between 2001 and 2011, the number of "extremely low-income renters" grew by 3 million, but the number of rentals affordable to them remained unchanged.
More News:
CINCINNATI - Police say they quickly arrested the man who shot a 2-year-old boy and his grandfather in Madisonville on Wednesday evening. And they're praising witnesses for their help.
Police say 35-year-old Ernest Cephas shot the pair in a drive-by on Whetsel Avenue, then fled in a car with its back window shot out. He was caught just a few hours later.
Both victims are in critical condition at the hospital and their chances of surviving are "worrisome," a prosecutor said in court Thursday.
Police are grateful that witnesses came forward to help make a quick and safe arrest, Lt. Col. Mike John told WCPO.
"The cooperation we got from the community at large was just incredible," John said Thursday. "It made such a huge difference simply because we were able to put everything together so quickly."
Witnesses often hold back because they fear retaliation or don't trust police, but that didn't happen in this case. John was very encouraged.
"We have to build that collaboration, open up conversation," John said. "We have to build that level of trust that people can feel that they can say information to us and know they're not going to come into harm's way."
Residents here say they want to see the violence stop.
"Shootings are all the time here," said David Culberson, who has lived in Madisonville for 40 years. "You just have to hope it all goes well is all I can say."
Culberson said he knows the grandfather who was shot.
"I've been around the young man most of his life," he said.
"It's too much," said Leyxus Warren, who lives on Whetsel Avenue with her 6-month-old daughter. "We can't even come in our yard no more because there is a whole bunch of violence. I have a baby, and I knew that baby. He didn't deserve that bullet."
WCPO also spoke with the victims' family and they said they are sick of the violence. Neighbors said they hope witnesses to any crime will step up and talk to police.
Note: Police originally identified the adult victim as a 25-year-old male. Lt. Steve Saunders later corrected this error, saying the victim is 36.
By Andrew Benson
Red Bull's Mark Webber was driving with a broken shoulder for the final four races of the season, it has emerged. The period coincides with a dip in form in which Webber lost his championship lead and then the title, which went to his team-mate Sebastian Vettel. The Australian has revealed the injury, sustained in a mountain bike accident, in his new book, which has just been published in Australia. Webber is refusing to blame the injury for his failure to win the title. He also kept it secret from his team boss Christian Horner, only telling his physio Roger Cleary and F1's chief medical officer Gary Hartstein. Horner has responded to the news in The Daily Telegraph, saying: "I didn't even know about the book, let alone the shoulder. Suzuka is a brutal track... but in the end, we got through the weekend all right
Mark Webber "It is obviously disappointing that Mark said nothing. It was an injury that did not appear to have any effect on his performance but all the same it would have been nice to know about it. "Our drivers have an obligation to make sure they are fit. It seems bikes don't agree with Mark so maybe it would be better if he stayed away from them." Webber sustained the injury after the Singapore Grand Prix. The fracture was quite fine and could not be treated. Webber had cortisone injections before the races in Japan and Korea to dull the pain. It is the second time in a little less than two years that Webber has suffered an injury while out training on a mountain bike. In November 2008 he was hit by a car while taking part in his own adventure challenge in Tasmania and suffered a major fracture of his right leg as well as a broken shoulder. On that occasion, he also kept the shoulder injury from his team and the public. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Webber says in his book, 'Up Front - 2010, A Season To Remember': "On the Sunday morning before (the Japanese Grand Prix at) Suzuka, I got on a mountain bike for the first time since my accident in Tasmania at the end of 2008. "I was riding with a great friend of mine. Suddenly, he crashed right in front of me and I had nowhere to go but straight through the ears of the horse! "I suffered what they call a skier's fracture to my right shoulder. "Suzuka is a brutal track so it was a blessing that the Japanese weather gave me an enforced rest day on the Saturday (when qualifying was rained off), and a pre-race injection helped, too. "In the end, we got through the weekend all right." At the time of his latest accident, Webber was leading the world championship by 11 points from Ferrari's Fernando Alonso and was 21 ahead of Vettel. ANDREW BENSON'S BLOG Webber's challenge faded in the end, crashing in Korea and failing to make any real impact in the final two races of the campaign
He finished second to Vettel in Japan, where the German was only 0.07 seconds faster in qualifying. But Webber's title hopes took a major hit at the subsequent race in Korea, when he crashed on the second racing lap. Alonso won the race, which leapfrogged him over Webber in the championship and into an 11-point lead. Webber then finished second to Vettel in Brazil before losing any hope of regaining the lead with an uncompetitive performance at the final race in Abu Dhabi.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Saudi Arabian diplomats and military officials refused to meet with a bipartisan delegation of senior congressional staffers who visited the Middle Eastern country last week, an unusual snub that suggests increased tension between the U.S. and a key ally.
"Everyone on the trip definitely took it as a snub," one of the staffers who went on the trip, speaking on condition of anonymity, told the Washington Examiner. The delegation was comprised of "high level" staff from three House committees: Intelligence, Homeland Security, and Armed Services.
The staffer said that the delegation asked to meet with representatives of Saudi Arabia's Foreign Affairs Ministry and Defense Ministry during the weeklong trip, but the Saudis denied both requests. The rejection is especially unusual because the Saudis paid for the delegation's visit, but did not allow them to talk to their most natural counterparts in the Saudi Arabian government. The aide, who has visited the country multiple times on such delegations, said every previous trip featured a meeting with at least one of the two ministries.
The snub stems from Saudi anger over what they see as President Obama's weak response to the Syrian civil war and U.S. attempts to get a nuclear deal with Iran, according to the staffer. The Iranian negotiations are most troubling to the Saudis, according to the aide, saying they think Obama is being "shortsighted" in his strategy for preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.
Gulf Arab states have been watching with grave concern Obama's hopes to negotiate an end to Iran's nuclear program, even as the regime gets closer to obtaining a weapon. Many, especially Saudi Arabia, see Iran's ambitions as an existential threat.
“Tehran has made technical progress in a number of areas -- including uranium enrichment, nuclear reactors, and ballistic missiles -- from which it could draw if it decided to build missile-deliverable nuclear weapons,” James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, wrote in a report on global threats delivered Wednesday to the Senate Intelligence Committee. “These technical advancements strengthen our assessment that Iran has the scientific, technical, and industrial capacity to eventually produce nuclear weapons. This makes the central issue its political will to do so.”
Those of you who have logged into StarCraft II recently (I'm looking at you, CheeseHeadLogic) may have noticed something has changed. All of a sudden, you noticed that your Zealots decided to pick it up and start walking faster. Your Tanks gained a few pounds and Medivacs can't pick them up anymore. Your Hydras seem to outrange and outrun just about everything. On top of all that, all these old maps have returned. What happened? Patch 3.8.0 happened. You can check out the changes in-depth here. In this article, I'll cover some of the bigger changes and how I think they'll impact the games we'll be seeing in the weeks to come.
Terran
The biggest changes for Terran are the Cyclone redesign and the Tank altrations. Regarding the Cyclone, it no longer relies on lock-on for it's ground damage and was buffed in terms of ground attack, health, supply cost and resource cost. The tech lab requirement was also removed. Tanks now inflict much more damage to armored units and have a bit more health, but they can no longer be lifted while in siege mode. There were some other buffs and nerfs, which you can read about in the link above but I think these will be the most game changing.
It's clear that Blizzard wants to make mech viable, but not everyone is happy about that. For one, doom drops in the Terran-versus-Terran mirror are stronger now that the defending player can't rush Tanks back via Medivac for defense. It's also not clear if the Cyclone's new form is that great; with simple kiting-micro, three Stalkers can kill two Cyclones. Tankivacs, on the other hand, had become a staple of Legacy of the Void Terran play. Now that they are gone, Tanks will have to travel on the ground and slowly siege up. Whether Terrans embrace Blizzards push for mech viability remains to be seen, especially considering bio's historical dominance in StarCraft II.
Tanks get to stay on the ground with the pleb units (and then die transforming into siege mode).
Protoss
Full Disclosure: I'm a Protoss player so take this all with a grain of salt, I know I did.
Adepts have been nerfed, sort of. Shades no longer give much vision. The Tempest has been redesigned (for what seems like the hundredth time, remember when they were an anti-air splash unit?). Now they have a new gimmick, the Spirit Bomb! Just kidding, it's called ‘Disruption Blast' and it takes four seconds to charge before stunning ground units. More importantly, the ground range was severely nerfed (down to eight). Now it's more of a air spellcaster (because that is exactly what Protoss needed). Carriers have also been buffed, I think? They can no longer release Interceptors and run away, but interceptors only cost five minerals now. Dark Templar can blink if you get the upgrade while Zealots and Warp Prisms received a speed buff.
The biggest change here is likely the Zealot speed buff and Adept nerf. Adepts won't be as useful for scouting anymore, and shading them into mineral lines becomes more of a coin flip. Fortunately, Zealots become race cars after Charge is researched (their base speed is faster than speed-upgraded Banelings on creep and as fast as the new Cyclones). It's unclear how much the new Tempest ability will be used, especially considering Tempests now cost six supply. Carriers were not seen much in the past and I don't expect an Interceptor cost buff to change that too much. I think there is some chance we will see blinking Dark Templar, but the Warp Prism already does a fairly good job at DT evacuation. The slight Void Ray speed buff may also encourage more players to throw it in their builds.
What patch? This is business as usual for University of Conneticut's Protoss player, Dylan 'printf' Ramsay.
Zerg
The biggest change to Zerg is the Hydralisk. The speed and range upgrades have been split, but each gives the hydralisk more of a buff than before. Quicker, longer-ranged hydralisks will definitely be more of a force to be reckoned with and Zergs are already experimenting with more Hydra-heavy compositions. In other news, the Infestor can now cast spells while burrowed. Hopefully, this will encourage more Infestor usage. The Ultralisk also received a nerf. Though Ultras now start with more armor, the Chitinous Plating upgrade has been nerfed by half.
Zergs seem to be happiest with their changes as well they should be! Most Zerg changes were buffs or fairly inconsequential nerfs (Brood Lord range decreased slightly). I think the most important gameplay changes will revolve around the new Hydralisk and Infestor. That being said, Banelings received a significant health buff in Centrifugal Hooks (aka Baneling speed) which now gives an additional ten health. This will directly buff banelings against Terran bio players. It will be interesting to see how this changes Zerg compositions.
This spicy play from Rutgers Fil 'Carnage' Donskoy. Double Hydralisk Den, double upgrades.
Maps
The maps for this season are equally wacky as we haven't seen most of them in years. For those of you who weren't playing during their heyday, I've listed them with some brief information below.
Daybreak LE (2) features some well-placed destructible rocks (thanks, Dustin Browder) and fairly-defensible fourth bases. Attack paths depend greatly on the status of those middle rocks and once they are destroyed battles tend to occur in the middle.
Besides the wacky tileset, Echo LE (2) boasts frequent elevation changes and a very safe third expansion location. Due to the elevation changes and placement of collapsible rocks, attacking into the third can be complicated.
Habitation Station LE (2) was one of the first maps with gold bases, but they are difficult to hold and create frequent skirmishes near the northern watchtower. Taking the gold base as a third (or even second) expansion creates tension, but taking the regular-yield third isn't as safe as it might seem due to the open space and nearby high ground.
Newkirk Precinct TE (2) is another classic, featuring plenty of open space and some rocks to destroy. The aggressive fourth location has collapsible rocks and destructible rocks blocking the expansion, which makes it less attractive than the northern counterpart. That said, the aggressive location is very close to the opponent's side of the map.
On Overgrowth LE (2), Tanks can hit the natural from the third, which would have been extra annoying if Tankivacs were still in the game. Overgrowth also features gold bases, though they are open to aggression.
Vaani Research Station (2) is the only map in the pool with a safe natural, but it still remains vulnerable to drops. On the western side of the map there is high ground, which is useful for run-bys and assaulting the gold base below. Each side has a “safer” gold base to the east, though it is quite far from where you would normally expand to the west.
Whirlwind LE (4) is the only four player maps. Each quadrant of the map contains four bases that are relatively defensible. Control of the central watchtower is important, but there are quicker ways to get around the map (unless your opponent is in the diagonal spawn).
Thoughts from the Players:
“It definitely destabilized the meta, changing the power dynamics of the teams slightly, teams that relied on protoss players probably won't be quite so strong until the meta gets figured out again.” -Kevin “Hjax” Konrad (P), University of Connecticut “Zerg good race.” -Jay “Raze” Whipple (T), Temple University “I'm going to quit this game.” -Austin “Sugar” Kim (T), George Washington University “I like the direction they are going. I hope they can prevent air based armies from becoming standard and can make people happy balance wise with some number of tweaks.” -Jarod “JonSnow” George (Z), Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute “I think the new patch will bring about change in the meta that will shift it towards heavier mech and hydralisk play.” -Fil “Carnage” Don (Z), Rutgers University "The new patch brings a lot of new excitement to the game and offers a lot of opportunity to explore new strategies. Although certain things may seem imba and unfair, I think that with time and minor fixes, we will see good balance and fun play." -Nick "Silky" McNeese (Z), University of California, Berkeley "I like carriers." - Robbie "Tesla" Plata (P), Temple University
What do you think about the changes? Let me know in the comments!
Be sure to check out how CSL players adapt by tuning in to Twitch on Tuesdays and Thursday at 7pm PT/10pm ET!
Don't feel like commenting on the article but you still feel the need to make a point? Shoot a comment at Tyler over on Twitter!
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all the latest news and updates. Also, visit our YouTube channel for VODs of all of our CSL matches!
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has admitted that the company built too many Surface tablets, and it's not selling as many Windows devices as it wants. During an internal town hall event earlier this week, Ballmer and COO Kevin Turner both addressed the recent $900 million hit for Surface RT and the sales pace of Windows across various devices. According to several sources, Ballmer openly discussed Microsoft's focus on securing Instagram for Windows Phone, and its plans for the next-generation Surface. Neowin first reported parts of the meeting.
"We built a few more devices than we could sell," admitted Ballmer when referring to the slow Surface RT sales. Microsoft recently cut the price of its Surface RT tablets by 30 percent worldwide, and Ballmer and Turner reiterated in the internal meeting that the huge writedown was a price adjustment that was necessary to sell Surface RT devices. While Ballmer didn't provide a sneak peek at the next Surface, we're told he confirmed new devices are currently being tested with incremental improvements. We understand Microsoft has been testing Surface devices with the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 processor.
"We're not selling as many Windows devices as we want to."
Ballmer also briefly discussed the performance of Windows. "We're not selling as many Windows devices as we want to," he said, referring to phones, tablets, and PCs. A lack of devices in retail stores hasn't helped Windows 8's initial prospects, and Microsoft is now focusing on the back to school period and the holiday season to ensure Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 devices are readily available. Microsoft recently teamed up with Best Buy to open special Windows Stores in over 500 locations.
The Verge reached out to Microsoft for comment on Ballmer's internal town hall, but a spokesperson refused to discuss the meeting.
Muhsin al-Barazi (Arabic: محسن البرازي‎; 1904 – 14 August 1949) was a Syrian Kurdish lawyer, academic and politician. He served a short term as a 24th Prime Minister of Syria in 1949 and was executed after a coup d'état overthrew his government.
Early life [ edit ]
Al-Barazi was born into a prominent Syrian land-owning family in Hama. Educated in France, he obtained a law degree from the University of Paris in 1930 and later became a professor of law at Damascus University. In 1933 he founded, along with a number of influential Arab thinkers, the League of National Action, with the aim of countering European colonial influence. Other founding members included the historian and professor Constantin Zureiq, the philosopher Zaki al-Arsuzi and the politician Sabri al-Assali. The League was very successful in Syria and Lebanon, and called for the abolition of the French and British mandates and the economic integration of Arab countries.[1]
Political career [ edit ]
Between April and September 1941, al-Barazi served as minister of education in the first cabinet of Khalid al-Azm. President Shukri al-Quwatli appointed him as his personal assistant in 1943 and by 1946, when the country regained its independence from France, al-Barazi became the president's closest advisor. He served as al-Quwatli's legal consultant, speechwriter, confidant and personal envoy to other countries.[1]
Premiership [ edit ]
In March 1949, the al-Quwatli government was overthrown by a military coup led by military Chief of Staff Husni al-Zaim. Al-Barazi was the only one of al-Quwatli's associates who retained his position, becoming al-Zaim's closest advisor. In July 1949, al-Zaim appointed al-Barazi as the new prime minister. Al-Barazi used his extensive connections with Arab leaders in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Egypt and Lebanon to garner support for the al-Zaim regime.[1]
Negotiations with Israel [ edit ]
Al-Barazi was tasked with conducting secret negotiations with Israel to conclude a peace treaty between the two countries, and to discuss a possible summit between Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and al-Zaim. The talks reached advanced levels and Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Sharett contacted al-Barazi on 6 August 1949 to discuss a date for formal peace talks.[1]
Syrian Socialist Nationalist Party [ edit ]
Al-Barazi, along with al-Zaim, as-Solh and al-Khoury at the Syrian-Lebanese summit of July 1949
Al-Barazi was also credited with mediating an agreement between al-Zaim and Lebanese Prime Minister Riad as-Solh which extradited Antun Saadeh, founder of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP), to Lebanon where he would be executed. In return, Lebanon gave vocal support to the al-Zaim regime and agreed to several long-term economic treaties at a July 1949 summit between both leaders. The execution of Saadeh, and al-Zaim's role in handing him over, antagonized the group of SSNP officers who later brought about al-Zaim's downfall.[1]
Downfall and execution [ edit ]
Colonel Sami al-Hinnawi, along with several other SSNP officers, led a coup d'état that overthrew the al-Zaim regime on 14 August 1949. Al-Zaim and al-Barazi were both rounded up in the early hours of the dawn and executed by a firing squad at the Military Barracks, in Damascus.[2]
His granddaughter, Arwa Damon, is CNN Senior International Correspondent.[3]
MADISON, Wisconsin (Reuters) - It's going to be a long and noisy fight. And wait until the vuvuzuelas arrive.
As the debate in the Wisconsin state Assembly over Republican Gov. Scott Walker's proposal to curb public sector union power entered a second straight day, it was looking like the showdown would be protracted.
Protesters camped out at the state Capitol saw the slow grind of Democracy at work. Democrats in the Assembly tried to stall the proposal by offering more than a hundred amendments, and the state Senate was paralyzed by a walk-out of the chamber's 14 Democrats.
“We have never taken this long to debate,” Democratic Assembly member Jon Richards, said to protesters, looking bleary-eyed after an all-night debate on the measure. “We are drawing our energy from you, and what you are doing here has implications beyond the state Capitol in Madison.”
Walker's budget proposal would strip most collective bargaining rights from many state workers. Walker said it is necessary to close a budget deficit of $137 million for this fiscal year.
If the protesters were looking for some peace and quiet, they may not get it soon.
For the past week, the volume of the protests here has been at times deafening, thanks to dozens of drummers who have kept up their pounding and cheering often well into the night.
Now comes word that vuvuzuelas, those long plastic horns so popular among fans at last year's World Cup in South Africa, are about to add to the din.
Nick Nice, a 41-year-old DJ from Madison, has ordered 100 vuvuzuelas from a company in Utah and plans to distribute them to protesters when they arrive on Thursday.
“I watched 62 of the 64 World Cup games last year because my son was two months old and needed to be fed constantly,” Nice said. “The vuvuzuelas were the most annoying sound ever.”
Nice said he'd heard there was a glut of the one-note horns this year — a result of overproduction by the Chinese firm that made them coupled with the near universal ban of them following the World Cup — and he had an idea.
“This is going to be the perfect use for them,” Nice said.
Just as sweet as the deal he got on the vuvuzuelas was the message Nice says the seller told him to pass along to protesters here.
“She told me she supported worker rights and then she said, ‘You show them who's boss,'” Nice said.
Phil Collins: The time is right to release my autobiography BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Phil Collins is set to bring out an autobiography because he feels the time is finally "right". https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/entertainment/news/phil-collins-the-time-is-right-to-release-my-autobiography-31603004.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/entertainment/news/article31603003.ece/467e6/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-2acb2ad1-20cd-4484-9f0f-d51b19efed1f_I1.jpg
Email
Phil Collins is set to bring out an autobiography because he feels the time is finally "right".
The 64-year-old musician rose to fame as the drummer and lead singer for the rock band Genesis. Collins went on to success as a solo artist, with hits including In The Air Tonight and Against All Odds.
Collins said: "Several times over the last few years I have been asked to write a biography but never felt that the time was right - until now.
"Having found the right publisher in Penguin Random House I am ready to go on record about my life in music with all the highs and all the lows and to tell the story from my point of view - warts and all!"
Collins is one of just three recording artists in history to sell over 100 million albums both as a solo artist and as a member of a band, alongside Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney.
He has won seven Grammy Awards, six Brit Awards, and an Academy Award for Best Original Song for You'll Be In My Heart from the Disney film Tarzan.
Born in London, he has been married and divorced three times, and has five children.
Penguin Random House has obtained a World Rights deal. The book will be published in the UK by Century, part of Cornerstone Publishing within the Random House Group.
Publishing director Ben Dunn said: "Phil Collins' autobiography is one of the last great untold stories, and is something we've all been desperate to read. The early material is simply breathtaking, and I am honoured to be his publisher."
:: The book will be published in October 2016.
The sad souls in Melissa James Gibson's new play, “What Rhymes With America,” wear their dissatisfaction in different styles. For the divorced dad trying to strengthen his bond with his teenage daughter, it's like a drab overcoat he cannot manage to shrug off. For the 40-something virgin whose father has just died, shrouding herself in singlehood has almost become a comfort, like a big puffy coat. The would-be actress stuck working as an extra in an opera puts on a braver front: wielding her anger as a Valkyrie does her armor.
Those are, as it happens, among the costumes worn by the characters in this touching, sorrowful comedy, which opened Wednesday night at the Atlantic Theater Company's Linda Gross Theater in a production directed by Daniel Aukin. But what the characters wear is much less important than what they say and how they say it. Language may sow more confusion than connection in the distinctive worlds conjured by Ms. Gibson, author of the terrific comedy-drama “This,” but it's about all her wandering souls have left to cling to.
Although she deploys words with an entrancing oddity, Ms. Gibson clearly shares her characters' anxiety about their seeming inadequacy. Sometimes they come tumbling forth in rippling streams; sometimes they falter and stick, and have to be yanked out with no rhythm or rhyme. All too rarely do they succeed in bringing people together, or even keeping them from growing apart.
In the opening scene the unhappy father, Hank (Chris Bauer), cannot even manage to persuade his 16-year-old daughter, Marlene (Aimee Carrero), to open the front door to say hello. An economist who lost his research grants, Hank tried to make up the difference with his wife's money — hence her insistence that Marlene keep clear of her father. But Marlene is willing to bend the rules. As Hank tries to keep up a steady stream of father-daughter chitchat, she sits just inside the door listening as he stands outside. (The piteousness of their intimate distance is enhanced by the absence of an actual door, in the simple set design of Laura Jellinek.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Foiled in his attempts to set eyes on Marlene at home, Hank stops by the hospital where she has been volunteering (actually working, although she doesn't confess as much to her father). Here he meets Lydia (Seana Kofoed), an unsuccessful short-story writer who makes a living writing for a medical journal (until she got fired, that is: money is as scarce as words are plentiful in the play).
NESIT, a Connecticut hackerspace, was burglarized Sunday morning between 3:00am and 4:30am and is offering a $500 reward for information leading to the arrest of the burglar. They have released some of their security footage from the burglary. They ask that anyone who recognizes the burglar or has information call them at 1-203-51-HACKS (1-203-514-2257).
Within the first 10 seconds, you see what appears to be a camera in the hallway get covered up by something from behind. Afterwards, you can see someone calmly walking around the inside of the hackerspace for the next hour and a half with a headlamp on. The headlamp turns out to be pretty beneficial for NESIT, because as a Facebook commentator pointed out, you can see that the burglar is roughly as tall as one of the shelves in the space.
What I found most interesting, however, is that around 8 minutes and 30 seconds into the footage you get a pretty nice shot of… cleavage? No, I'm not being a jokester. It *appeared *to me that the burglar was wearing a low-cut shirt with some type of line up the middle. It looked like cleavage to me and the second opinion of my girlfriend, but NESIT believes that this was actually a shirt that was wrapped around the burglar's head. UPDATE: After a second, closer look at the surveillance footage, I agree with NESIT.
Despite the security footage being black and white and fairly low in quality, it tells us quite a bit.
The burglar was familiar enough with the location to know about the hallway surveillance camera.
The burglar was not familiar enough to know about the other cameras inside the hackerspace.
The burglar was comfortable enough to spend **an hour and a half **walking around and looking through boxes and drawers.
The burglar's height is roughly as tall as one of the shelves in the hackerspace. UPDATE : I'm told that the height is between 6'0″ and 6'2″.
: I'm told that the height is between 6'0″ and 6'2″. The burglar has enough strength to pry off the lock on the door and part of the concrete wall.
I sure hope they catch the bad guy.
AUSTRALIA plans to spy on the Japanese whaling fleet using an armed P&O cruise ship, with a lesser role for the Australian Defence Force.
High-level talks have focused on leasing the commercial vessel, Oceanic Viking, which has a re-enforced hull to cut through ice, a crew trained for polar conditions and "super-telephoto" lenses to record the whale slaughter.
Sources said the ship would also carry video equipment, and the images would be used in Australian international court action planned against the Japanese whale hunt, the largest for 20 years. The images would complement a series of aerial surveys on whale populations, to begin soon.
Under plans being developed, the Oceanic Viking would have two .50-calibre machine-guns manned by a customs boarding party to supply the "muscle", while working with a civilian P&O crew. It is highly unlikely the guns would be fired or Japanese ships boarded. The 105-metre vessel has already been used to chase foreign poachers of the Patagonian toothfish in the Southern Ocean.
"The bottom line is you have got to get close to really see what is going on," one source said. Satellite technology would be of limited use against whalers and unmanned aerial vehicles would be unlikely to have sufficient range. The imminent Japanese Government-backed hunt aims to slaughter 935 minke whales and 50 fin whales. For the first time since 1963, humpbacks - 50 of them - are being targeted.
Now that NVIDIA transitioned their GameWorks SDK from Alpha to Beta, we interviewed their General Manager, Jason Paul, to find out more about what their platform can bring to the VR developer community. Jason Paul has been working with NVIDIA since 2003.
Jason's helped bring to market NVIDIA's latest GeForce GPUs including GeForce 6600, 7600, 7900, 8800, GTX 200, GTX 400, GTX 500 & GTX 600.
As of 2012, he manages the development of emerging products and technologies spanning SHIELD portable, virtual reality, gaming software, and game streaming. On a side note, Jason holds an MBA from Stanford University and a BA from UCLA.
In the following questions, we gain insights into what the SDK can do:
Q: Can you explain to our readers what GameWorks VR is?
A: GameWorks VR is our Software Development Kit (SDK) for virtual reality developers. It is a comprehensive set of APIs, libraries, and new features that enable headset and game developers to deliver amazing VR experiences. The main components of GameWorks VR are:A: GameWorks VR is our Software Development Kit (SDK) for virtual reality developers. It is a comprehensive set of APIs, libraries, and new features that enable headset and game developers to deliver amazing VR experiences. The main components of GameWorks VR are:
VR SLI—provides increased performance for virtual reality apps where multiple GPUs can be assigned a specific eye to dramatically accelerate stereo rendering. With the GPU affinity API, VR SLI allows scaling for systems with >2 GPUs.
Multi-Res Shading—an innovative new rendering technique for VR whereby each part of an image is rendered at a resolution that better matches the pixel density of the warped image. Multi-Res Shading uses Maxwell's multi- projection architecture to render multiple scaled viewports in a single pass, delivering substantial performance improvements.
Context Priority—provides headset developers with control over GPU scheduling to support advanced virtual reality features such as asynchronous time warp, which cuts latency and quickly adjusts images as gamers move their heads, without the need to re-render a new frame.
Direct Mode—the NVIDIA driver treats VR headsets as head mounted displays accessible only to VR applications, rather than a typical Windows monitor that your PC shows up on, providing better plug and play support and compatibility for VR headsets.
Front Render Buffering—enables the GPU to render directly to the front buffer to reduce latency.
Q: With GameWorks VR moving from alpha to beta, what changes and what is new?
A: Since our alpha release in May, we've received a lot of great feedback from both app and game developers as well as headset developers. We've polished things up by incorporating their feedback and fixing open bugs. With the alpha build, only developers with NDAs were able to get access. For the beta release, we're opening up the game and app developer SDK to any developer that signs up for our GameWorks developer program. Free download. No NDA. Headset developers will still need to be under NDA. Finally, GameWorks VR is now supported by our publicly released Game Ready drivers. Gamers with the latest drivers will be able to receive the benefits of GameWorks VR with supporting applications and headsets.
Q: When will GameWorks VR be available to developers?
A: Registered developers can download the NVIDIA GameWorks VR beta SDK now from our GameWorks VR developer site.
Q: What is the key difference in working with developers for virtual reality over traditional game development?
A: How NVIDIA works with VR vs. traditional developers isn't all that different. The key difference is that VR games can be much more sensitive to performance, so graphics profiling and optimization become that much more important to delivering the right experience.
Q: What GameWorks VR features are for HMD vs. Game developers?
A: Context Priority, Direct Mode, and Front Render Buffering are for HMD guys. Multi-Res Shading and VR SLI are for the game and app developers.
Q: What is the biggest advantage to using an NVIDIA GPU for VR?
A: It's tough to call out just one. But if forced to pick, I would say our Game Ready drivers. NVIDIA invests an enormous about of time working closely with developers to make sure games work out of the box with our drivers, on the day the game ships. This is incredibly important for VR as the slightest stutter or performance dip can ruin the experience. Our track record of delivering launch day drivers for every major game release will be a big difference for VR games. Of course, having the industry's fastest GPUs and unique VR features like multi-res shading are a nice bonus too!
Q: NVIDIA's first SDK was called VR Direct? What happened to that?
A: GameWorks VR is the new name for VR Direct and offers expanded features and capabilities. As we added more features to our VR SDK, it made sense to consolidate the brand name with our overall GameWorks suite of developer tool and libraries.
Q: Is NVIDIA working with Envelop VR?
A: NVIDIA believes VR is the next major platform in computing, and as such, is talking to a broad range of VR software and hardware players including the guys at Envelop.
Q: What is NVIDIA doing to reach 90 fps goal for both the Vive and CV1?
A: We are building the industry's fastest GPUs optimized for VR with our GeForce GTX 900 GPUs. We are working to provide optimized game settings for VR games with GeForce Experience so that in-game graphics settings are automatically configured to maintain 90 FPS for a user's specific hardware configuration. And we are building GameWorks VR SDK support for features like VR SLI and NVIDIA Multi-Res Shading to help developers get more performance from the graphics hardware.
Q: Is there going to be an advantage for CV1 because NVIDIA has worked with it longer?
A: NVIDIA has been working closely with the major VR headset manufacturers including Oculus and HTC/Valve. Gamers can trust that both headsets will run great on GeForce GTX.
Q: In your internal tests, what are the most GPUs have y'all attempted to run at the same time?
A: We've tested up to 4-way SLI on Titan X. That's a lot of horsepower!
Q: Multi Res Shading (MRS) sounds like a great way to shorten rendering times. Is MRS ever noticeable to the user?
A: When done correctly, no. In our side by side tests, where users were looking for differences, it's effectively undetectable by eye when we reduce the workload by 30%. And once in a while people with a very trained eye can see it at 50%. Ultimately this is a powerful tool we put in the hands of the developer, and allow them to make the right tradeoff for their game.
Q: Last year Oculus introduced Direct Mode into their Windows drivers for the DK2. What are the differences between the GameWorks VR Direct Mode and the Direct Mode in the Oculus drivers?
A: We have developed the new Direct Mode support in collaboration with Oculus and it's designed to work with their upcoming 0.7 SDK. Rather than inserting VR functionality between the OS and the GeForce driver, headset awareness is added directly to the GeForce driver. As a result, the new Direct Mode avoids many of the latency challenges of Extended Mode and significantly improves compatibility.
Q: It is my understanding that front buffer rendering was also possible with the Oculus Direct Mode. Does the front buffer rendering support from NVIDIA have any more added advantages?
A: Similar to Direct Mode, the new implementation is native to the GeForce driver and thus offers a more robust experience.
Q: With GameWorks VR entering the beta phase, will developers still have to apply to get access or will it be available for everyone?
A: The GameWorks VR Beta SDK comes in 2 flavors:
1) An SDK for game and application developers, including VR SLI and Multi-Res Shading
2) An SDK for headset developers, including Context Priority, Direct Mode, and Front Buffer Rendering
For the beta release, we're opening up the SDK for game and app developers. Developers simply sign up for our GameWorks developer program to access the SDK. No NDA. For the SDK for headset developers, HMD developers will still need to be under NDA.
Q: When will Unity and Unreal Engine developers have access to the GameWorks VR features?
A: We are working closely with the major engine developers to get GameWorks VR integrated. We should have some updates here very soon!
Q: What is the minimum NVIDIA card required by GameWorks VR?
A: NVIDIA Multi-Res Shading requires Maxwell cards, so GeForce 900 series and up. The rest of GameWorks VR is supported on GeForce 600 series (Kepler) GPUs and up.
Q: Will users need to install VR-specific drivers to run applications that use the GameWorks VR SDK?
A: No, with today's announcement our publicly available Game Ready driver supports GameWorks VR.
Q: Do you think we will ever see these features supported on Macs?
A: That one is a question for Apple.
Many conservatives have spent the last year pulling their hair out trying to figure out why so many Republican voters support Donald Trump. They've made the case time and again, on issue after issue, that Trump isn't actually a conservative or even a Republican.
Other conservatives—many famous—have supported Trump.
Some of these supporters, or at least facilitators, have made millions defending conservatism's good name. For decades, they've participated in ideological battles over who is and who isn't a true conservative.
During the 2008 and 2012 elections, they spent a lot of time insisting insurgent libertarian Republican Ron Paul wasn't a conservative and didn't belong in the GOP.
I was Ron Paul's official blogger for his 2012 presidential campaign. A great deal of my writing focused on defending Paul from his attackers on the right.
These conservatives blasted Ron Paul for his unorthodox Republican views, particularly on foreign policy. They denounced Paul for opposing the Iraq War and for repeatedly attacking the George W. Bush administration.
The same things Donald Trump does today.
Let's remember some of the high profile conservatives who said Ron Paul was a joke, but embrace Donald Trump.
Ann Coulter
In 2012—when she was avidly supporting Mitt Romney—pundit Ann Coulter said Ron Paul was one of the least conservative candidates in the race, primarily for his foreign policy.
Coulter dismissed Ron Paul's rowdy supporters as being like Justin Bieber fans, but today worries Trump's fans aren't violent enough. She even said Ron Paul's son, Senator Rand Paul, was too “cranky” to be president in 2016, but Trump might be a gift from God.
Bill O'Reilly
During the last election top-rated Fox News host Bill O'Reilly called Ron Paul's foreign policy “dangerous” and said Paul would not be “nominated by the Republican Party simply because President Obama would beat Mr. Paul by a colossal margin– hello, Barry Goldwater.”
At the time some polls showed Ron Paul could beat President Obama head-to-head. Current polling show Donald Trump might be the weakest general election candidate since Barry Goldwater.
O'Reilly said of Trump in January, “The combined Democrat and Republican establishments just may propel a tough-talking political novice into the White House.”
Rush Limbaugh
Rush Limbaugh has said good things about Ron Paul including that he was the most serious fiscal conservative in the race in 2012. Rush has been friendly to his son Senator Rand Paul.
He also said Ron Paul was a dead end.
Limbaugh said Ron Paul's “kookiness” would “destroy” the Republican Party if he became the nominee in 2012. Today, Rush says Trump has a much “bigger upside than downside” if he becomes the nominee (again, current polling shows Trump could be one of the worst general election candidates in modern political history).
Some wonder if Rush is now “cheating on conservatism” with Trump.
Jeffrey Lord
Jeffrey Lord is less famous, but gets a lot of face time on CNN as its resident Trump supporter.
During the 2012 election, Lord penned a nearly 4000-word essay at conservative journal The American Spectator in a piece titled “Ron Paul and the neo-liberal reeducation campaign” (I wrote a rebuttal).
Lord accused Ron Paul of not only being a leftist, but also a racist and said Paul supporters possessed “a tiny flicker of intimidation.”
Mr. Lord does not see any intimidation occurring today among Trump supporters.
Lord wrote in 2011, “When it comes to foreign policy, Ron Paul and his fans are not conservatives” because of Paul's allegedly “isolationist” positions.
“Isolationism” is not an unfamiliar charge to Donald Trump.
***
One could argue—and I did—that Ron Paul was the most conservative candidate running for president in 2008 and 2012 if shrinking government and obeying the Constitution still had any bearing on that label.
Like Trump, Paul believed the Iraq War was a mistake and that we needed secure borders. But very much unlike Trump, Paul never demonized ethnic or religious minorities when advocating these positions. Paul even spoke out against building a wall along our southern border.
Today, Ron Paul speaks out loudly against Trump.
The rampant hypocrisy among Paul-hating, Trump-loving right-wingers on foreign policy and other issues should be clear.
But there's something more troubling.
Ron Paul-style libertarianism was harsh on government but always compassionate toward individuals. Donald Trump-style authoritarianism largely embraces big government and collectively blames immigrants, Muslims and others for America's problems.
What does it say about popular conservative leaders who instinctively rejected an anti-establishment libertarian insurgency in Ron Paul, but embrace a darker, more authoritarian challenge to the status quo in Donald Trump?
What does it say about what these people think conservatism really is?
Britain among first countries to use new definition that includes over-sweeping condemnation of Israel
The government is to formally adopt a definition of what constitutes antisemitism, which includes over-sweeping condemnation of Israel, with Theresa May saying the measure will help efforts to combat hate crime against Jews.
Britain will become one of the first countries to use this definition of antisemitism, as agreed last May at a conference of the Berlin-based International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA), the prime minister will say in London.
A Downing Street statement said the intention of such a definition was to “ensure that culprits will not be able to get away with being antisemitic because the term is ill-defined, or because different organisations or bodies have different interpretations of it”.
New antisemitism definition is justified | Letters Read more
The IHRA's definition reads: “Antisemitism is a certain perception of Jews, which may be expressed as hatred toward Jews. Rhetorical and physical manifestations of antisemitism are directed toward Jewish or non-Jewish individuals and/or their property, toward Jewish community institutions and religious facilities.”
More detailed guidance on this, released by the IHRA in May, said this could include criticisms which target Israel, if this was “conceived as a Jewish collectivity”. It added: “However, criticism of Israel similar to that levelled against any other country cannot be regarded as antisemitic.”
The guidance says it could be considered antisemitic to accuse Jews of being more loyal to Israel or their religion than to their own nations, or to say the existence of Israel is intrinsically racist.
There will be one definition of antisemitism – and anyone guilty of that will be called out on it Theresa May
Concerns about criticism of Israel as a state potentially crossing into overt antisemitism has had particular recent resonance in British politics over recent months, with the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, commissioning a report into the issue in his party.
In October, the vice-chair of the Corbyn-supporting group Momentum, Jackie Walker, was removed from her post in the wake of remarks questioning the need for security at Jewish schools, and about Holocaust Memorial Day.
A series of Jewish MPs have also faced online abuse. In October, a man was jailed for sending antisemitic messages to the Labour MP Luciana Berger. In December, a man was convicted of harassing the same MP with antisemitic rants.
A spokeswoman for Corbyn said he and Labour agreed with the IHRA's definition. She said: “Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour party share the view that language or behaviour that displays hatred towards Jews is antisemitism, and is as repugnant and unacceptable as any other form of racism.”
Jeremy Corbyn accused of incompetence by MPs over antisemitic abuse Read more
According to excerpts of her speech released in advance, May will say: “It is unacceptable that there is antisemitism in this country. It is even worse that incidents are reportedly on the rise. As a government we are making a real difference and adopting this measure is a groundbreaking step.
“It means there will be one definition of antisemitism – in essence, language or behaviour that displays hatred towards Jews because they are Jews – and anyone guilty of that will be called out on it.”
Police forces already use a version of the IHRA definition to help officers decide what could be considered antisemitism.
In a speech last month, the home secretary, Amber Rudd, recommitted the government to providing extra security for Jewish schools, synagogues and other community buildings.
Referring to the threat both from Islamist militancy and from a renewed surge in rightwing extremism, she said: “We take the security of the Jewish community seriously, and we will continue to put in place the strongest possible measures to ensure the safety of this community and all other communities, too.”
Some designers view frameworks as constricting and limiting in their creative efforts. They look at a framework as something they have to bend their work to fit.
And for a lot of designers, that's just not something they want to do. But with the dozens of frameworks available out there, why not look at it the other way around: why not find the framework that fits within your design projects?
To that end, we've compiled 30 of the best design frameworks out there. These frameworks are purely for design (you won't find JavaScript or Ajax frameworks here, which, for the most part, fall more under development frameworks).
There's almost certainly a framework listed here that can be adapted to your particular project, rather than the other way around.
General CSS Frameworks
The CSS frameworks here offer designers a structure going into their projects, so they aren't starting entirely from scratch. Some offer layout guidance, mostly through the use of grids, while others only focus on things like typography, leaving the layout entirely up to you.
1KB CSS Grid
The 1KB CSS Grid is an adaptable grid that can be configured in a number of ways before downloading. You choose the number of columns, the column width, and the gutter width before downloading the files. It's an incredibly easy to understand grid, even for those not familiar with CSS frameworks. It's also a very bare-bones framework, with only the CSS necessary to build the layouts (no extra formatting is included).
YAML
YAML (“Yet Another Multicolumn Layout”) is a CSS framework for creating flexible, floated layouts. It includes design patterns for typography, microformats, forms, and more, as well as full accessibility and web standards compliance. It's also a very stable framework, with most browser bugs patched by YAML. There's also the YAML Builder, which lets you create YAML-based layouts visually.
One of the sample YAML layouts with basic styling options.
Simpl
Simpl is a modular, flexible CSS framework that aims to fill in the gaps of some other CSS frameworks. It's fluid (with the option of static side columns), simple to learn and use, and is nestable (but doesn't require nesting). It includes styles for forms, tables, and other common elements.
The Golden Grid
The Golden Grid is a CSS framework built on the principle of the golden ration or the divine proportion. It's 970px wide, uses a 6/12 grid system, and when compressed is less than 1kb. There are a bunch of great demos, both of the grid and of sample pages built on the grid. There's also a mini tutorial available to help you get started.
An example of a layout created with The Golden Grid.
SenCSs
SenCSs is a framework that offers sensible styling for all the repetitive parts of your CSS files. It doesn't include any kind of layout system, unlike many CSS frameworks, which makes it more versatile for non-standard website designs. It includes styles for a lot of other things though: baseline, fonts, margins, blockquotes, padding, and more.
Elements
Element includes a variety of folders and files that help speed up your web design process. It's a lightweight framework that's easy to use, includes a number of preset classes, a mass reset, and adds icons to external links (which improves both style and usability).
Blueprint CSS
Blueprint is a free CSS framework that includes a CSS reset, a grid that supports complex layouts, styled typography and forms, and plugins for buttons, tabs and sprites. There's also plenty of documentation to get you started, as well as a discussion group and mailing list.
Tripoli
Tripoli is a generic CSS framework that resets all default browser settings. It's made to work with HTML 4 and separates typography from layout styles. It also aims to increase the readability of your websites through better typography. It also works with a number of plugins to extend the generic defaults of the framework.
Content with Style CSS Framework
The Content With Style CSS framework offers half a dozen layouts, including vertical navigation with one content column, horizontal navigation with one content column, vertical navigation with two columns of content, and horizontal navigation with local navigation and one column of content. It orders the source code logically, with the main content coming immediately after the header within the code, regardless of the visual layout of the page.
960 Grid System
The 960 Grid System is probably the most famous CSS framework that's come out in recent years, and has been the inspiration for a number of other frameworks. There are two grids available: a 12-column grid with columns that are 60 pixels wide and a 16-column grid with 40-pixel-wide columns. One big advantage is that these basic grid configurations can be used separately or in tandem. 960 pays focuses on site layout and pays little attention to things like typography (though there are basic provisions in place for them).
Typogridphy
Typogridphy is a CSS framework that focuses heavily on typography within the layout. It's based on the 960 Grid System and has standards-compliant, semantic code. The typography is based on the principle of vertical rhythm, but uses ems rather than pixels.
Emastic
Emastic is a lightweight CSS framework that lets you customize the width of the page using ems, pixels, or percentages. It works in either a fixed or fluid layout, and includes baseline grid typography styles. There's a tutorial available that will teach you how to create layouts with Emastic, too.
Malo
The Malo CSS framework consists of only 8 lines of CSS code. It's flexible and easy to use, with a customizable page width. Malo lets you create layouts made up of two, three, four, or five parts. Nested columns are also allowed.
BlueTrip
BlueTrip is a CSS framework based on a 24-column grid. It includes typography styles, an empty starter stylesheet, a print stylesheet, form styles, and more. There's extensive documentation available, as well as a showcase of sites built on BlueTrip.
1 Line CSS Grid Framework
This is a bit of a different CSS framework, in that it only uses a single line of CSS. Using this single line of CSS, which works on the principles of dividing columns in half, you can create grids with 2, 4, 8, or 16 columns. It's cross-browser compatible, even as far back as IE5.5.
Free WordPress Theme Frameworks
There are a lot of great WP frameworks out there available for free. Some are very basic, with only the most general structure. Others are minimalist themes in themselves, but easily adaptable to other projects. What they all do, though, is simplified the coding process in WP theme development, effectively eliminating a designer's need to deal with PHP or other code.
Reptile
Reptile is a theme framework from WP Bandit that works with child themes (skins). WP Bandit uses it for all of their themes and have made it available for free download. There isn't a whole lot of information on their website other than that it includes a number of helper functions to make it easier for your theme to interact with WP.
Vanilla Theme
Vanilla was built to combine Carrington's “atomic” templates, PHPTAL templates and YUI CSS. It also includes full widgetization, including custom widget controls. Vanilla is used with child themes, so you never need to touch the basic code. It also includes an HTML “minifier” that compresses output to speed up your site.
Whiteboard
Whiteboard is a free WP framework. It includes all the theme files one needs to create a WP theme, including: 404.php, archives.php, categories.php, comments.php, footer.php, functions.php, header.php, index.php, page.php, search.php, searchform.php, sidebar.php and style.css. It also includes pagination for posts and socialization links, and is only 72KB unzipped.
Sandbox
Sandbox is a very basic theme that contains a basic two-column layout with minimal styling. It's fully widget-compatible and has plenty of selectors so it's fully customizable with CSS.
The Buffet Framework
The Buffet Framework uses child themes for customization, and also uses theme extensions for further customization. It's search engine optimized, has support for microformats, is powered by jQuery, and is even packaged with 960gs and Blueprint CSS frameworks. It's released under the GPL v3.
Carrington
Carrington is a free WP theme framework released under the GNU GPL v2. One of Carrington's biggest benefits is the extensive documentation available on the website. There are four basic themes available within the framework: Blog (a traditional blog-style theme), Text (a simple, text-based theme), Mobile (for mobile browsers) and JAM (Just Add Markup, a bare-bones framework). Depending on the level of customization you want, there's almost certainly an option that will work for you.
The Carrington Text theme.
Hybrid
Hybrid is a free theme that includes 8 widgetized areas and 15 custom page templates. It's free and open source and can be used for both personal and commercial projects. It's available in a variety of languages (just download the language pack), including Arabic, Chinese, French, Italian, German, Russian, Spanish and Turkish. Basic documentation is available for free, but for more extensive documentation you'll need to join their Theme Club ($25/year).
Thematic
Thematic is an open source, extensible WP framework with 13 widgetized areas, grid-based layout samples, and styling for popular plugins. Thematic has enough style out of the box to use without developing it any further, but it also makes a perfect parent theme (there are both free and commercial child themes already available for it). It includes a sample Child Theme to speed up your theme development. It's also ready for a number of popular WP plugins, and has a number of easy-to-implement layout options for both two and three column designs.
Premium WordPress Theme Frameworks
Premium WP theme frameworks are much like the free frameworks available, though most have additional functions that aren't available in the free versions. Many of the frameworks below offer option panels that give non-coders almost complete control over the design of their blog, while also being developer-friendly for those who do want to dive into the code.
Ashford
The Ashford WP theme framework is a simple, easy to use framework that includes eight page templates (gallery, blog, topic, author, codex, detail, and tab among them). There are more than 250 possible page variations you can create, and there are four options for how to display your posts (thumbnail, blurb, excerpt, and full). There's a limited free version (that's still pretty powerful) or you can purchase the pro version for $49.
Elemental
Elemental is a premium theme framework from Pro Theme Design. Right out of the box, Elemental has a clean, elegant design that can be used as-is by just setting options in the custom control panel (for things like typography, column size, navigation, etc.) or you can customize it to your heart's content. There are four widgetized areas, custom widgets, animated multi-level dropdown menus, support for Gravatars, image thumbnail resizing and a lot more. The Basic Copy (for one site) is $59.99 and the Multi Copy (for developers) is $149.99.
Thesis
Thesis is a premium WP framework that focuses on flexibility, built-in search engine optimization and fast loading times. The options panels offer a lot of flexibility without having to dive into the code. There's even a layout generator that lets you automatically create 1, 2, and 3-column layouts. The Personal Option (a single site license) is $87 and the Developer's Option (which allows multiple site deployments) is $164.
Nerdist is just one of the popular blogs running on the Thesis framework.
Genesis
Genesis is a premium WP framework from StudioPress. Genesis works on the basis of using child themes to style content without changing the parent theme/framework. It includes a few custom widgets (including one for Twitter, for user profiles, and featured posts), as well as a choice of layout options. It also includes a number of Hooks for further customizations. Genesis is $59.95.
Headway
Headway is a framework specifically for those who don't want to deal with coding. It has a visual editor that claims to let you create all sorts of sites, from standard blogs to ecommerce sites. The configuration panel for Headway is extensive and lets you do everything from inserting scripts without coding to setting permissions and adjusting settings for posts and comments. It's a great theme for anyone who just wants to design and doesn't want to deal with all the back-end stuff. There are two options available: Personal for $87 and Developer for $164.
WP Unlimited
WP Unlimited is another premium WP theme framework that lets you make pretty substantial customizations from right within the options panel. WP Unlimited includes an AdSense Generator for customizing the look and feel or your AdSense ads and for arranging them on your site. It also lets you completely customize the design, and has built-in SEO features. A personal license is $59 and the developer license is $150.
Frugal Theme
Frugal is a highly customizable premium theme framework with more than 600 custom options you can change right from your WP dashboard. You can customize virtually every aspect of Frugal within the options panel. Developers will also find Frugal useful, as there's plenty of room for custom CSS, functions, widgets, and more. Frugal has a variety of license options: Personal Basic for $89, Developer Basic for $169, Frugal MU (Multi-User) for $299, Frugal Unlimited for $399 and Frugal Complete for $499.
Written exclusively for WDD by Cameron Chapman
Do you have a favorite framework that isn't mentioned above? Please let us know in the comments below…
NEW DELHI: Demonetisation and the subsequent push for digitisation has escalated risks relating to cyber crime and India needs to urgently upgrade its defences by setting up a cybersecurity commission on the lines of the Atomic Energy and Space Commissions, according to an IIT Kanpur study shared with Parliament's committee on finance.Noting that the government has initiated a number of programmes to enhance the participation of citizens in the fully digitalised economy, the study said cybersecurity centres set up by the Reserve Bank of India would be insufficient. “While RBI centres often come to IITs such as IIT-K for expert opinion, IITs do not engage in relevant research on cybersecurity,” the study said.Incidents of cyber crime in India are rising sharply, recording an increase of over 100% in 2015 from 2014. The number grew from 71,780 in 2013 to 1.49 lakh in 2014 to 3 lakh in 2015.The study said attacks from the ‘Equation group' — which WikiLeaks reports said was a clandestine CIA and NSA programme — infected India's telecom and military sectors and research institutes.The committee was briefed by Profs Manindra Agrawal and Sandeep Shukla from IIT Kanpur.The study pointed out that since the government was pushing Aadhaar-based financial transactions, securing the Aadhaar database against unauthorised usage must be looked at carefully.It has come to light that certain banks were making hundreds of transactions on the Aadhaar numbers of unsuspecting citizens.Recent revelations about leakage of Aadhaar data and corresponding transaction data are serious concerns as the government is integrating Aadhaar number to various services,” the study said.Post-demonetisation, digital wallets such as PayTM and BHIM gained prominence.However, with increase in online transactions, last year also saw cyberattacks that compromised more than 3 million ATM and debit cards through Hitachi-engineered ATM machine hacking.The experts said a wider net needed to be cast by the Indian banking system and the government to engage cybersecurity experts from top institutes as an advanced layer of protection was missing in most financial institutions.Quoting a report, IIT-K experts said India may need $4 billion investment in the private-public model.In their recommendations, experts said companies must have a chief cybersecurity officer and data systems should function on a need-to-know basis.The experts felt that existing cybersecurity frameworks like CERT-IN was inadequate as there were insufficient inter-disciplinary connections and the government-private sector partnership was neither deep enough nor did it provide the required expertise.
undefined
All Photos: Stephanie Keith For New York Daily News
Just to reiterate, we promise this is not a joke, clickbait, or a Wunderground ripoff article. We leave that kind of stuff to the professionals, but we couldn't help but cringe when we saw New York Daily News post an article simply entitled "Deep House Yoga at Verboten in Brooklyn."
Don't get us wrong. We absolutely love house music, and there's no shame in taking the occasional or even frequent class. It's just something about the name that doesn't sit right with us. Out first question and pretty much only question is this: why does it have to be called Deep House Yoga? Let's face it. You are just begging the trolls or avid dance fans who love a good deep house joke to eat you alive.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Then again, we can safely assume that "Deeper UK garagey chill more minimal not big room or electro or progressive house" was much less marketable. That's pretty much our answer when people ask us what we listen to. We'd rather use 15 or more words to describe our taste in house music then just own up and say "deep house" (get used to the parenthesis) is our jam.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It's like a bad dream or nightmare. Someone asking what you listen to and accidentally saying "deep house" instead of the aforementioned long version. Call us jaded, but maybe we've just heard the term overused a bit too much over the years and now attempt to distance ourselves.
Our second question (turns out we had a second question) is this: what kind of "deep house" are they playing? Are we talking classic Chicago roots deep house like Frankie Knuckles, or is this like new school "deep house" actually really just UK garage sound that rose to mainstream prominence again around 2013 with the expedient rise of artists like Disclosure?
Are they just playing the Deep House Top 100 from Beatport? Wait, is this actually a future house class, which according to the Internet is a combination of EDM and "deep house?" This remains a mystery, but the only sentence in the original article that speaks on what gets played just has us much more confused. New York Daily News states "Sometimes the classes will break out into a spontaneous dance party, while other nights it's a more sedate and meditative techno music experience."
Hold the deep downward facing doggy! Now Deep House Yoga sometimes plays techno? This is just getting more confusing by the second. Are we talking like straight techno purist beats, or is this someone who heard a tech-house beat from a Dirtybird producer once and wasn't sure if it was techno or "deep house?" To be honest, that's something we would be down to try though.
Dirtybird Yoga. Think about it. It's less of yoga and more like shaking your ass at the function while dreaming of BBQ and pizza. That's like a dream come true. What will they think of next? Tropical house yoga maybe? Then again, last time we checked the point of yoga wasn't to fall asleep five minutes in after paying $60 dollars.
Finally, we couldn't help but notice the original article was labeled under the "Health" category. This has us worried. Next thing you know these classes be will on every corner in Los Angeles, packed to the brim with Health Goth fuccbois wearing elevation trainer masks claiming they are "into deep house now." It's all downhill from here.
Follow Magnetic Magazine on Facebook | Twitter
Richie Porte has been forced out of the Tour de Romandie ahead of stage 2 after developing gastroinstestinal problems. According to the BMC team, Porte developed the stomach problems between stages 1 and 2. Related Articles Porte to lead BMC at Criterium du Dauphine, van Garderen for Tour de Suisse
Porte: Short, sharp Criterium du Dauphine stages suit me
Van Garderen: Porte and I are working well together
Porte will race Liege-Bastogne-Liege for third time
Porte looking forward to Tour de Romandie following Mount Etna training camp
"Richie has developed some gastrointestinal problems and a fever overnight and is not fit to start today, particularly given the difficulty of stage 2. He is showing symptoms of a virus and hasn't had an appetite, so it's not in his best interest to line up for a mountain stage with no fuel in the system," BMC's Dr Dario Spinelli said.
The opening stages of the Tour de Romandie have been affected by cold weather and snow, with almost 60 kilometres cut from yesterday's sprint stage. Porte had been in good form of late, with third at Paris-Nice and fourth at the Volta a Catalunya, and recently raced Liege-Bastogne-Liege. He was 37 seconds down on the overall classification following the first two stages.
"Of course, it's disappointing to have to stop, but I trust the medical team's advice that it's the right decision," said Porte.
The team still have other GC leader Tejay van Garderen who is just 11 seconds down on race leader Ion Izagirre. Stage 2 features the first summit finish with the riders heading 170 kilometres from Moudon to Morgins.
Porte's next scheduled race is the Criterium du Dauphiné at the start of June.
Donald Trump, then a presidential candidate, jokes with retired Gen. Michael Flynn as they speak at a rally on Oct. 18, 2016, in Grand Junction, Colo. Flynn resigned Monday as national security adviser. (George Frey/Getty Images)
The timeline below has been updated with more details from White House press secretary Sean Spicer's daily briefing.
Perhaps the most striking thing about Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser is that it didn't come sooner.
As The Washington Post reported late Monday, just hours before Flynn resigned, the White House was told weeks ago that Flynn had misled them about his talks with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
[Trump knew Flynn misled officials on Russia calls for ‘weeks,' White House says]
Yet the situation didn't come to a head until the public disclosure last week of what Flynn says was his faulty recollection of the call — and specifically, the fact that it included talk about sanctions, which Flynn and Vice President Pence had both denied.
Which leads to the question: Was the White House concerned that Flynn had apparently lied to them — or at least done something he shouldn't have and failed to disclose it? Would it ever have taken corrective action if the situation hadn't been made public?
President Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned Feb. 13 after revelations that he had discussed sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. prior to Trump taking office. Here's what you need to know. (Deirdra O'Regan/The Washington Post)
These are all fair questions, especially since the administration had, until late Monday, given no indication that Flynn's job was in jeopardy. Appearing on MSNBC early Monday evening, Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway even said the administration had “full confidence” in Flynn. Yet just minutes later, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump was “evaluating the situation.” Hours later, Flynn resigned.
It's a bit of a complex situation. So it's worth deconstructing with a timeline:
Dec. 29 : Flynn, a former lieutenant general who had been selected as Trump's national security adviser, speaks to Russia's ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak. Despite Flynn's later denial and the White House's later comments, he and Kislyak discuss sanctions and the possibility of relieving them once Trump is president — even as the Obama administration was announcing new sanctions for Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election.
: Flynn, a former lieutenant general who had been selected as Trump's national security adviser, speaks to Russia's ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak. Despite Flynn's later denial and the White House's later comments, he and Kislyak discuss sanctions and the possibility of relieving them once Trump is president — even as the Obama administration was announcing new sanctions for Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election. Jan. 12: For the first time, Flynn's talks with the Russian ambassador are reported by Post columnist David Ignatius. Few details are known, but Ignatius notes that if the two discussed the sanctions, this could violate an obscure law known as the Logan Act, which prohibits unauthorized citizens from dealing in disputes with foreign governments.
For the first time, Flynn's talks with the Russian ambassador are reported by Post columnist David Ignatius. Few details are known, but Ignatius notes that if the two discussed the sanctions, this could violate an obscure law known as the Logan Act, which prohibits unauthorized citizens from dealing in disputes with foreign governments. Jan. 13 : In his first comments on the matter, Spicer says Flynn told him that he had exchanged text messages with Kislyak before they spoke on Dec. 28. (The date was later corrected to Dec. 29.) But Spicer said it was only to discuss logistics for a call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump after Trump was sworn in as president. “That was it, plain and simple,” Spicer said.
: In his first comments on the matter, Spicer says Flynn told him that he had exchanged text messages with Kislyak before they spoke on Dec. 28. (The date was later corrected to Dec. 29.) But Spicer said it was only to discuss logistics for a call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump after Trump was sworn in as president. “That was it, plain and simple,” Spicer said. Jan. 14 : Flynn assures Pence, who was then the vice president-elect, that the two of them didn't discuss sanctions, according to Pence.
: Flynn assures Pence, who was then the vice president-elect, that the two of them didn't discuss sanctions, according to Pence. Jan. 15 : Pence says on the Sunday shows that Flynn and Kislyak didn't discuss sanctions. “I talked to General Flynn yesterday, and the conversations that took place at that time were not in any way related to the new U.S. sanctions against Russia or the expulsion of diplomats,” Pence says on “Fox News Sunday.”
: Pence says on the Sunday shows that Flynn and Kislyak didn't discuss sanctions. “I talked to General Flynn yesterday, and the conversations that took place at that time were not in any way related to the new U.S. sanctions against Russia or the expulsion of diplomats,” Pence says on “Fox News Sunday.” Jan. 26 : The Justice Department, then headed by acting attorney general Sally Yates (whom Trump would later dismiss for not defending his travel ban), informs White House counsel Don McGahn of Flynn's misleading statements. It also warns that they were so egregious that he could open himself up to Russian blackmail, given Russia knew he had mischaracterized the call to his superiors, according to Washington Post reporting. Spicer confirmed the specific date on Tuesday. “The first day that the Department of Justice … sought to notify White House counsel was January 26,” Spicer said. “The president was immediately informed of the situation.” Spicer said the White House didn't believe Flynn had violated the law. None of this was disclosed publicly at the time.
: The Justice Department, then headed by acting attorney general Sally Yates (whom Trump would later dismiss for not defending his travel ban), informs White House counsel Don McGahn of Flynn's misleading statements. It also warns that they were so egregious that he could open himself up to Russian blackmail, given Russia knew he had mischaracterized the call to his superiors, according to Washington Post reporting. Spicer confirmed the specific date on Tuesday. “The first day that the Department of Justice … sought to notify White House counsel was January 26,” Spicer said. “The president was immediately informed of the situation.” Spicer said the White House didn't believe Flynn had violated the law. None of this was disclosed publicly at the time. Feb. 8 : In an interview with The Post that would be published the following day, Flynn categorically denies having discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
: In an interview with The Post that would be published the following day, Flynn categorically denies having discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. Feb. 9 : The Post reports that Flynn did, in fact, discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador. In response, a spokesperson amends Flynn's denial, saying that he “indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up.”
: The Post reports that Flynn did, in fact, discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador. In response, a spokesperson amends Flynn's denial, saying that he “indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up.” Feb. 10 : Trump says in brief comments aboard Air Force One that he is unaware of The Post's report but that he will “look into” it.
: Trump says in brief comments aboard Air Force One that he is unaware of The Post's report but that he will “look into” it. Around 5 p.m. Monday : Conway says the White House has “full confidence” in Flynn and seems to excuse him for having forgotten that he discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
: Conway says the White House has “full confidence” in Flynn and seems to excuse him for having forgotten that he discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. Also around 5 p.m. Monday : Spicer issues a contradictory statement. “The president is evaluating the situation,” he said. “He's speaking to the vice president relative to the conversation the vice president had with Gen. Flynn, and also speaking to various other people about what he considers the single most important subject there is: our national security.”
: Spicer issues a contradictory statement. “The president is evaluating the situation,” he said. “He's speaking to the vice president relative to the conversation the vice president had with Gen. Flynn, and also speaking to various other people about what he considers the single most important subject there is: our national security.” 8 p.m. Monday : The Post reports that the Justice Department had told the White House last month “that Flynn had so mischaracterized his communications with the Russian diplomat that he might be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow.”
: The Post reports that the Justice Department had told the White House last month “that Flynn had so mischaracterized his communications with the Russian diplomat that he might be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow.” Shortly before 11 p.m. Monday : Flynn resigns.
: Flynn resigns. Tuesday morning : Conway says Flynn resigned voluntarily.
: Conway says Flynn resigned voluntarily. Tuesday afternoon: Spicer, again contradicting Conway, says Trump requested the resignation: “Whether or not he actually misled the vice president was the issue, and that was ultimately what led to the president asking for and accepting the resignation of General Flynn. That's it. Pure and simple, it was a matter of trust.”
A few questions on this:
Was the administration planning to take any action based on the Justice Department's late-January news of Flynn having misled them? Trump said he hadn't heard about The Post story on Flynn having misled his administration as recently as Feb. 10. Did the White House counsel really not inform the president about what the Justice Department had said? Or was it perhaps disregarded once Yates, an Obama appointee, was dismissed in a separate matter? Do White House officials truly accept Flynn's contention that he simply forgot about discussing sanctions? Conway's comments Monday suggest they do. But Russian sanctions were one of the biggest stories in U.S. foreign policy at the time. Even if Flynn did truly forget, would it be okay that he discussed something he wasn't supposed to during the phone call?
Much will play out in the hours ahead. For now, though, Flynn's resignation probably won't do anything to tamp down questions about what the White House knew when and just how seriously it was taking the matter.
Share Pinterest
Email
When I hit the junkyard, one thing I always look for is any 1981-1984 Datsun/Nissan Maxima, 200SX, or Z-car. That's because many of those cars came with Nissan's patented Voice Warning system, a feature that gave the car a breathy female voice to tell the driver about open doors, low fuel level, and other areas of concern. Just this month, I found an '84 Nissan Maxima in a California self-serve yard and I grabbed the Voice Warning box for my collection. Why do that? Because this system used an ingenious miniature phonograph record and all-analog control circuitry to make Nissans talk, and it's one of the coolest pieces of hardware you can find in a junkyard.
Six of the phonograph-based Voice Warning boxes from 1982-84 Nissans, plus a solid-state unit from a 1985 Maxima. Photo by Murilee Martin
I have my Row52 junkyard-parts-tracking account set up to let me know when any yards near me have a possible Voice Warning system-equipped Nissan, and over the years I've managed to acquire six of the phonograph-based units plus a single 1985 digital unit (which plugs into the same harness connector but uses chips instead of a phonograph record). I plan to set up an all-Nissan DJ station and do some Voice Warning scratching when I revive my old noise band.
When the key is in the car's ignition switch and the Voice Warning switch is activated, the little record inside the Voice Warning box spins; this record has six parallel grooves, each with a different short message. When the correct inputs are sent to the box (via a complex logic system I haven't yet fully unraveled), the needle drops on the start of the appropriate groove and the message plays. The woman speaks vaguely American-accented English, though with a strange pronunciation of "parking brake" as "bocking brake." I find the way she says "right door is open" oddly compelling. If I had an '82 Maxima, I'd leave the right door open just to hear that message.
Here are some of the cars that yielded Voice Warning boxes for my collection. Photo by Murilee Martin
I have heard that there were Japanese-market appliances of the late 1970s and early 1980s that used this system to issue messages to users, and the size and six-groove nature of the phonograph records in the 1977 Mattel Monday Night Football game suggests that the same technology was used in some toys of the period. Whatever the case, when I see a possible Voice Warning box donor in the junkyard, I check for the telltale control switch on the dash or center console.
Removing the Voice Warning box is not difficult. Photo by Murilee Martin
If you want to get one of these boxes for yourself, it's not too difficult to remove. On the Maxima, look on the left-side kick panel under the dash on the driver's side, remove the three screws, cut the cable, and it's yours. Some junkyard cashiers will assume it's a "car computer" and might try to charge you fat ECM prices, but point out the "Voice Warning" sticker on the box and say it's a warning buzzer.
It's an amazingly compact and durable piece of hardware. Photo by Murilee Martin
When you remove the cover of the Voice Warning box, you see this. There's a motor to drive the phonograph record via a rubber belt, a tiny tonearm with a relay-style coil to push it against the record, and a bit of circuitry to control everything. You'd think that a device with so many delicate moving parts would be flaky in the real world, but every one of my half-dozen 30-plus-year-old phonograph-based Voice Warning boxes can be induced to play at least one alert. Orientation of the box doesn't matter, the extremes of temperature and vibration found in a car don't seem to bother the mechanism (although I'll bet the record will skip if you drive over a big bump while it's playing), and the entire rig is a masterpiece of packaging and design.
The tiny phonograph needle still works after 31 years. Photo by Murilee Martin
In fact, the only one of my Voice Warning boxes that doesn't work is the all-digital one I grabbed from a 1985 Maxima. I suspect that, unlike the phonograph units, it doesn't have its own amplifier and relies on the amplifier in the car's radio, but I won't know for sure until I open it up and/or get an '85 Maxima wiring diagram. Not that I'm all that enthusiastic about the solid-state Voice Warning unit, because I prefer my talking Nissan to have a proper record-player tonearm and needle.
So far, all I've done is bench-test my Voice Warning phonographs like this. Photo by Murilee Martin
The next step is to work on controlling the tonearm and drive motor with joysticks, so I can do some 1980s-DJ-style scratching on a mixer-controlled array of Nissan Voice Alert boxes. For now, I just touch wires together to emulate the conditions in an early-80s Nissan.
Podcasts are hot right now. Yes, the act of downloading and streaming audio files just to listen to people speaking has had a huge resurgence in the past couple of years. More and more people have been subscribing to podcasts and listening to them while they drive to work, or working out at their gym, or just sitting back on the couch.
Today, Google announced that it is joining the podcast trend by launching its own, City Soundtracks, as part of a tie-in to its Google Play Music service. It also seems to be a way for the company to help sell music tracks on Google Play.
The premise of City Soundtracks is that each episode focuses on one artist, and the city they consider their home, as they offer insights on the musical themes that have come out of each location. The artist for each episode also creates a Google Play Music playlist. The first three episodes focus on the cities of Oakland, New Orleans, and Austin. A subscription to Google Play Music is not required to download the City Soundtracks podcast.
Google likely decided to get into the original podcast business as an effort to publicize and get more people to sign up for Google Play Music. There are, obviously, a ton of music streaming services to choose from, so throwing in some original content could allow each service to stand out from the rest.
The current king of music streaming, Spotify, announced earlier this week it had reached the 50 million paying subscriber milestones. It has recently launched a number of original podcasts of its own. Apple Music is going in another direction by launching original streaming TV series. At least two of them have already been announced; a reality competition show, Planet of the Apps, and a stand alone version of Carpool Karaoke, the popular segment of The Late Late Show with James Corden.
If you'd like to give City Soundtracks a listen, check it out at the Google Play link below.
The Pixel is an Arduino Zero compatible a smart display! It features a 32bit 48MHz Arm Cortex M0+ microcontroller with 32K of RAM, a 1.5" 128x128 color OLED screen and a MicroSD slot.
There are many things you can do with a board like this, like to create wearables, attach sensors and display data with text or graphics, and even make simple retro video games!
The Pixel!
Technical Specs
Microcontroller: Atmel ATSAMD21G18 ARM Cortex M0+
Clock speed: 48 MHz
Operating voltage: 3.3V
I/O pin limits: 3.3V, 7 mA
Digital I/O pins: 14, with 12 PWM
Analog input pins: 6, 12-bit ADC channels
Analog output pins: 1, 10-bit DAC
Flash memory: 256 KB
SRAM: 32 KB
Voltage regulator: 3.7V - 5.5V input / 3.3V, 300mA output
PCB Dimensions: 1.8 x 1.8" (46mm x 46mm)
Display : 128x128 16-bit color 1.5" (38mm) OLED w/ SSD1351 driver
Programming
Programming is easy! Like most Arduinos, you simply plug the board into your PC using a MicroUSB cable, select the board you want to program, and hit the upload button in the IDE when you're ready. The Pixel ships with the Arduino/Genuino Zero bootloader installed.
The Pixel is compatible with the Arduino's SPI and SD libraries. Communication with the display and MicroSD card are both handled through the SPI bus, which is broken out on a set of pads for a surface mount header. The ATN pin replaces the reset pin on this header and acts as the CS pin for the MicroSD. Pins 7, 8, and 9 (ORST, ODC, OCS) are also utilized to control the display.
The Pixel is also compatible with Adafruit's graphics library! This library provides functions for blitting images, drawing primitives like lines and circles, and even includes bitmapped font support!
Adafruit's graphics library is fully supported!
Lastly, if you ever need to modify the fuses or bootloader, the Pixel features a standard SWD header that's compatible with the Atmel ICE. Its hybrid surface mount / through hole footprint will allow you to connect the ICE without soldering a header on permanently by inserting a pin header into its ribbon cable like so, and and tilting it in the socket to make contact with the through hole pads:
The Atmel ICE can be used to update the fuses and bootloader, but is NOT required for programming the board normally!
How will the Pixel 2.0 differ from the original?
The Pixel 2.0 will feature several minor modifications which will make it cheaper to manufacture while improving upon the original design.
If you're familiar with the changes I made to the Neutrino 2.0 the changes I'll be making to the Pixel shouldn't come as too much of a surprise.
The shape of the board and the pinout will remain much the same with the exception of the OUT pin which, as with the Neutrino 2.0, will become a second GND pin.
And to reduce the cost to manufacture, I'll be swapping out several components for house parts, and exchanging the power multiplexing circuit that was required for USB OTG with a diode that will still allow for safe and automatic switching from USB power to battery.
I'll also be swapping the crystal for the slightly larger / cheaper one I used on the Neutrino.
These changes won't affect the vast majority of users, and even though some of the parts will be less expensive, that doesn't mean they'll be lower quality! The reset button for example will be getting a nice upgrade to one which is slightly larger and easier to press. And the new 3.3V regulator will be low-noise one made by Texas Instruments which features built-in current limiting!
In addition to the above, the power switch, which was difficult to manipulate and occasionally broke, will be replaced with a slightly larger one which is sturdier and slides more easily!
Open Source Hardware
The Pixel is open source which means I'll make the schematics and PCB layout available, and you'll be free to modify the design as you wish and integrate it into your own boards - without ever needing to pay any royalties or licensing fees!
Music credits:
Virtual Riot - Energy Drink » Download: https://fb.com/RebornTunes
Former labor secretary Tom Perez, a candidate for Democratic National Committee chairman, speaks during a DNC forum last week in Baltimore. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
“We need a turnaround specialist because the Democratic Party needs to transform itself. It needs dramatic culture change.”
And Tom Perez thinks he is the person to do it. The former labor secretary under President Obama is now a leading contender in the crowded field to become the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee. The election is set for the weekend of Feb. 24 in Atlanta.
LISTEN HERE
For more conversations like this, subscribe to “Cape UP” on iTunes or Stitcher.
“The first dimension of culture change … is we have to redefine our mission. It's not simply the election of the president. It is the election of candidates from the school board to the Senate,” Perez said in the latest episode of “Cape Up.” He said that the best way to accomplish this is to make sure the endeavor is “a 12-month enterprise, not just a three-month enterprise before the election.”
President Trump's successful campaign against Hillary Clinton and its message to voters also inform Perez's thinking. “What voters heard was ‘he's feeling my pain, he's feeling my anxiety,' ” said the strong campaign surrogate for Clinton. “And what they heard all too frequently from the Clinton campaign was, ‘Vote for me because he's crazy.' I will stipulate to the accuracy of that statement, but that's not an affirmative message.”
Former labor secretary Tom Perez discusses his candidacy for chair of the Democratic National Committee on the “Cape Up” podcast at The Washington Post on Monday. (Carol Alderman/The Washington Post)
Listen to the podcast to hear what Perez thinks about the post-election concern for the white working class and whether he thinks it's possible for a Democratic Party that plays well in California to also play well in Missouri. Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), another leading candidate for DNC chair, will have his say in next week's episode.
“Cape Up” is Jonathan's weekly podcast talking to key figures behind the news and our culture. Subscribe on iTunes, Stitcher or wherever else you listen to podcasts.
Media organisations have joined forces at a corruption inquiry to fight a suppression order over a controversial chain of emails involving a "very well known person" and a Liberal identity.
The emails, headed "Re Carbon Tax", were suppressed at the Independent Commission Against Corruption on Thursday after questions were raised about whether publishing the documents would breach parliamentary privilege.
Megan Latham presides over ICAC. Credit:Nick Moir
Robert Newlinds, SC, the barrister for NSW Liberal Senator and former party president Arthur Sinodinos, wrote to the ICAC to alert the commission to the potential breach.
"The letter we wrote simply said that we were somewhat perturbed that there may be a breach by counsel assisting [Geoffrey Watson, SC] and the commission of the federal Parliamentary Privileges Act," Mr Newlinds told the hearing on Thursday afternoon.
4:14 PM MONDAY: Just found this while going through police reports looking for the newest ones published with narratives:
A 17-year-old girl showed up in a hospital emergency room on Saturday afternoon with a gunshot wound. East Precinct police were dispatched. They talked to the victim's boyfriend, who they found “pacing outside the emergency room.” The report says he told them it happened in his car at 27th SW and SW Cambridge [map]. He and his girlfriend were in the car with friends of his; one friend, he said, had a gun and while saying “something similar to ‘we're going to be brothers for life',” racked the slide on his pistol, and it fired, going through the front passenger seat and through the girl's chest. They drove to the hospital. Police talked to the girl just before she was taken into surgery and reported that “she made statements consistent with the gunshot being accidental.” They found a bullet hole, bullet, and blood in the car, which was impounded. Police later met with the man whose gun fired; he was arrested and booked into the King County Jail for investigation of assault.
ADDED 9:54 AM TUESDAY: We now have the probable-cause document from the 18-year-old suspect's bail hearing Monday afternoon. He is a Rainier Valley resident and was released on personal recognizance. The document says that he told police a different story about the gunshot – that he got into the car, noticed a gun on the floor, picked it up with the intent of throwing it out the window, and that, he said, was when it went off. He said he then gave it to his brother, who also was in the car, and told him to get rid of it, adding that he doesn't know what happened to the gun. He has no criminal record in online statewide files.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- Despite fans' thoughts to the contrary, the Denver Broncos got almost exactly what they expected in the opening frenzy of free agency.
They expected defensive end Malik Jackson to get the kind of offer they wouldn't match. He did, six years, $85.5 million worth from the Jacksonville Jaguars.
The Broncos were not willing to offer Brock Osweiler the type of money the Texans guaranteed. Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports
They expected linebacker Danny Trevathan to venture into the open market -- general manager John Elway said at the scouting combine Trevathan would be headed elsewhere. He signed a four-year deal with Chicago.
The Broncos even expected, if it came down to money, including guaranteed money, quarterback Brock Osweiler would be behind center in somebody else's offense. And he got $7 million more in guaranteed money from the Houston Texans than the Broncos were offering. Both sides, unintentional or not, then said a stony-faced goodbye as they parted ways.
Osweiler -- having just spent four years on a team that won four division titles, made two Super Bowl trips and just won Super Bowl 50 -- said the Texans gave him the “best opportunity to be successful." Elway said the Broncos wanted “players who want to be Denver Broncos and want to be here."
The Broncos added an offensive lineman in Donald Stephenson and shortly after Osweiler's exit, they traded a seventh-round conditional pick to the Philadelphia Eagles to acquire quarterback Mark Sanchez.
Oh, and Peyton Manning retired.
It was an emotional roller-coaster, Rome-is-burning type of week for some of the team's faithful because of the departures in free agency. But inside the team's suburban Denver complex -- once Manning's retirement was official -- things have gone about how the team's decision-makers believed they would.
The Broncos did think they had what Elway termed “a competitive offer" on the table for Osweiler. But the Broncos did not have as much overall, per year or guaranteed money, as the Texans. And the lure of returning to the Super Bowl winner with nine defensive starters back from the league's No. 1 defense wasn't enough to make up the difference.
The Broncos did carve out just over $3 million worth of additional salary-cap room by restructuring DeMarcus Ware's contract. Ware had been scheduled to count $11.67 million against the cap with a roster bonus that was going to be guaranteed this past weekend as well as $3.5 million of his original $7 million base salary. Both sides knew there was a chance Ware would be more of a third-down player in the coming season, as he will turn 34 on July 31. He also missed five games last season with a back injury.
Ware trimmed his base salary and took a $2 million signing/renegotiation bonus instead of the $3 million roster bonus. He has incentives in place to recover the money he surrendered if he has eight sacks ($1.25 million bonus), nine sacks ($2.5 million), 11 sacks ($3 million) or 13 sacks ($3.5 million).
It also means he can continue to be one of the team's most important figures in the locker room, especially given that Ware's locker is roughly five feet from Von Miller's. Miller has made no secret that a big part of the personal and professional growth he had from suspended player to Super Bowl MVP in the span of three seasons coincided with Ware's arrival.
But with the opening flurry of free agency having now passed, it means the Broncos will continue to look around in the second wave in the days and weeks to come, including the potential addition of another veteran quarterback. The Broncos have had talks about a potential trade for Colin Kaepernick and have taken a look at free agent Robert Griffin III.
They also face a decision about running back C.J. Anderson in the coming week. Anderson, who led the team's backs this past season at 4.7 yards per carry, has signed a four-year, $18 million offer sheet from the Miami Dolphins.
The Broncos have until Tuesday to match the offer or let Anderson go to the Dolphins with no compensation in return.
The Broncos are looking to manufacture additional cap space and have talked to representatives of tackle Ryan Clady, whose current contract counts $10.1 million against the cap this coming season. Clady has said he would renegotiate the deal, but to this point they haven't made an agreement.
The Broncos also will look at running backs in the next wave of free agency, especially given that the Broncos essentially told their leading rusher from this past season, Ronnie Hillman (863 yards and seven touchdowns), to go see how much interest there was for him around the league.
Elway has said in the past that “everybody thinks free agency goes just those first two or three days, but it goes all the way until camp and we can find impact players later in free agency, just like you find guys down the board in the draft."
Rhino horns like these being smuggled in Thailand in January have been stolen from National Museum Archives.
Rhino horns like these being smuggled in Thailand in January have been stolen from National Museum Archives.
MASKED RAIDERS HAVE made off with half a million euro worth of rhino heads and horns from a national museum archive.
A security guard was tied up at about 10.40pm last night by three masked men who broke into the National Museum Archive at Balheary Road in Swords, Co Dublin.
The men spent an hour in the building, loading up the rhino heads and horns into a large white van. The security man, who was uninjured, managed to free himself and raise the alarm just after midnight.
Rhino horn is a target of illegal traders, and is a valuable commodity on the black market with its use being sought in some eastern medicine traditions. The load stolen last night has an estimated value of €500,000.
Anyone with information is being asked to contact Swords Garda station on 01 6664700, while gardai are still at the scene in Swords conducting forensic examinations.
Saarland's State Premier, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, said that Turkey's referendum campaigns "put at risk domestic peace." The move comes as the row between Ankara and European countries continues to escalate.
The small western German of Saarland moved on Tuesday to ban all foreign politicians from campaigning in the state.
While the move prohibits all foreign officials from holding campaign rallies, the policy immediately targets Turkish officials. Allies of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan have been rallying in European cities with large Turkish expatriate populations in a bid to harness the Turkish diaspora vote ahead of a controversial referendum vote next month that seeks to expand the President's powers.
"Internal Turkish conflicts have no place in Germany," Saarland's conservative State Premier Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, who faces an election of her own next month, said in a statement. "Election appearances which put at risk domestic peace in our country must be banned."
The State Premier said will she would use "all avenues" to prevent such political rallies. Reports suggest she will use a law that prohibits foreign officials from campaigning "when the peaceful coexistence of Germans and foreigners is threatened."
Advertisement
The debate in Germany over the appearance of Turkish government officials has escalated into Erdoğan waging a war of words. Turkey's President accused several German towns of "Nazi practices" after they opted to block his ministers from campaigning on their soil.
Saarland's ban follows a similar move by the Netherlands on Saturday when Dutch officials barred Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu from promoting the controversial referendum in Rotterdam and withdrew landing permission for his flight into Holland. That incident also intensified into a major diplomatic row.
Merkel hesitant over nationwide ban
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has so far resisted calls to impose a nationwide blanket ban on such campaign rallies. However, Kramp-Karrenbauer said she would not wait on Berlin or Brussels to settle on an official policy and moved to immediately implement her own ban. She said she hoped it would set a precedent "for the EU as a whole."
It is unclear whether Turkish officials had been planning on campaigning in Saarland.
dm/jm (AFP, dpa)
Now live 01:09 mins. DW News | Vox pop: Turkish campaigning
Such was Martina Hingis's excitement at winning her first Wimbledon title in 17 years in the ladies' doubles on Saturday night that she could not get to sleep until 3am – but if anything she was even more dazzling less than 24 hours later than she and the Indian maestro Leander Paes took the mixed doubles crown.
Between them Hingis and Paes have a combined age of 76 but they were far too clever for the crash-bang tennis of the fifth seeds Alexander Peya and Timea Babos as they galloped to a 6-1, 6-1 victory in just 41 minutes.
In the early part of her career, Hingis was known as the Swiss Miss. But that moniker was entirely inappropriate on an evening where she was instrumental in producing one of the most dominant performances on Centre Court of these entire championships. It was so good it could be released as an instructional DVD on how to play mixed doubles tennis.
“My body was hurting here, there and everywhere but the adrenaline got me back out there,” said Hingis, who took the ladies' doubles with her partner Sania Mirza. “So to also bring this title home was incredible.”
As she spoke Paes nodded before adding his own tribute. “Everyone knows what Martina has achieved over the years at Wimbledon. To come out there and do it back to back, the physical and mental effort that it takes to win two titles in the same week, is something really, really special.”
Hingis's story loses nothing in its retelling: she claimed her first ladies' doubles title at Wimbledon in 1996 aged 15, and became the youngest singles' champion in 110 years when she won the title aged 16 years and nine months. But after winning six grand slam titles and nine women's doubles titles she retired at 22 after two ankle surgeries. She returned in 2005 and climbed into the top 10, but was banned for two years in 2007 after testing positive for cocaine. And now she is back again, just two months short of her 35th birthday, as arguably the best women's doubles player in tennis.
And what is even more impressive is that in an era of power tennis, Hingis is a glorious throwback. She strokes the ball rather than throttles it, but her extra-sensory powers of anticipation combined with a mathematician's appreciation of angles makes her absolutely formidable on a doubles court. Her volleying at the net stood up to everything that the muscular Peya, in particular, threw at her.
In mixed doubles the women's serve is the most threatened because it is slower. But while the Hingis serve was the slowest on court, Paes' timing at the net was staggering. Repeatedly Hingis would get a first serve in and the 42-year-old Paes would anticipate the return to put away a winner. As Hingis put it afterwards: “He was striking winners right and left. I was like: OK, if I can just keep up with him a little bit. The chemistry we had was incredible.”
Hingis and Paes broke early and won their first 10 points on serve to race to a 4-1 lead. Another break of serve meant they were 5-1 up in 17 minutes and the first set followed two minutes later.
Paes appears to have got better with age: 12 of his 16 grand slam men's doubles and mixed doubles titles have come in his 30s and 40s, and he became the oldest man to ever win a grand slam title when he and Hingis won the mixed doubles at the Australian Open in January. The hour of yoga she does every day surely helps.
The second set was just as one-sided. Just before halfway through it, there was a particularly telling statistic – Paes and Hingis had won 100% of their second-serve points, while Peya and Babos had managed just 14%. In truth, though, Paes and Hingis dominated everywhere. It seemed entirely appropriate that Paes sealed victory in 41 minutes with a masterful disguised return – and that they celebrated the standing ovation from the crowd by signing tennis balls and hitting them into the stands.
This was Paes' fourth Wimbledon mixed doubles title – with four different partners – while Hingis was claiming her first. Afterwards Paes reflected on another of those wins, with Martina Navratilova in 2003, as he compared what he called “two legends of the game.”
“They're both the two greatest female athletes in the planet that we have had in any sport,” he said. “In tennis Martina Navratilova and Martina Hingis are right at the top. Hingis probably has the best groundstrokes or return of serves I have ever seen. I still learn from her.”
Hingis now has five singles and 11 doubles titles to her name, but she is not finished yet. Afterwards she admitted she wanted to play in the mixed doubles at the Rio Olympics next year – and on this evidence whoever wins the battle between Roger Federer and Stan Wawrinka to play with her will be halfway towards a gold medal.
The woman whose picture was used to create Manti Te'o's fake girlfriend has been identified, but the voice of the woman who had hours of late-night phone calls with the Notre Dame star linebacker has remained silent. Turns out that's because it reportedly was a man.
The lawyer for the man who has been identified as behind the hoax, Ronaiah Tuiasosopo, told the New York Daily News that his client disguised his voice and assumed the identity of Lennay Kekua to try to develop a relationship with Te'o.
Milton Grimes said that Te'o "thought it was a female he was talking with. It was Ronaiah as Lennay."
Te'o appeared on Katie Couric's television show, "Katie," this week to explain his role in the hoax. He also supplied voice mails to the program that he says are from the person whom he thought was Kekua. Although the quality of the recording is not great on all of the clips, the voice does sound feminine.
"It didn't sound like a man," Te'o told Couric during the interview that aired Thursday. "It sounded like a woman. It's incredible that he can make that noise."
Tuiasosopo, 22, has had dramatic training, plays in a Christian band and even auditioned last year for the television show "The Voice."
"Come on, Hollywood does it all the time," Grimes said of his client pretending to be a woman. "People can do that."
Couric asked Te'o what he would say to Tuiasosopo.
"I would just say you hurt me," Te'o said.
Grimes said that Tuiasosopo wasn't trying to hurt Te'o.
"This wasn't a prank to make fun," Grimes said, according to the Daily News. "It was establishing a communication with someone. ... It was a person with a troubled existence trying to reach out and communicate and have a relationship."
According to Te'o, Tuiasosopo called him to confess and apologize shortly before the story broke Jan. 16.
"He didn't say why; he just explained he wanted to help people," Te'o said. "It was his way of helping people."
Grimes wouldn't characterize the type of relationship Tuiasosopo wanted with the Heisman Trophy runner-up.
"I wouldn't describe his issues at this time," he said, according to the newspaper.
One theory for the hoax is that Te'o was trying to cover up a homosexual relationship. Couric asked Te'o if he was gay.
"No, far from it," he said. "Faaaaarrrr from it."
Story highlights Talks set to be held at building on North Korean side of neutral border village
Joint industrial complex at Kaesong closed in May amid increasing tensions
Some $2 billion worth of goods have been produced in Kaesong since operations began in 2005
Pyongyang has agreed to South Korea's offer for working-level talks on reopening the suspended joint industrial complex at Kaesong, the South Korean Unification Ministry said.
The talks are scheduled to be held at 10 a.m. Saturday (9 p.m. Friday ET) at Tongilgak, an administrative building on the North Korean side of the neutral border village of Panmunjom.
Kaesong, which is a bellwether of North-South ties, was closed this spring -- a casualty of increasing tensions between the two Koreas after the North warned that war could erupt.
Each side will have three-member delegations, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency said, citing the Seoul government.
"The agreement came after North Korea, revising its earlier stance, did not insist that South Korean businessmen should be allowed to visit their plants in Kaesong at the same time or ahead of the government contact," Yonhap reported. "South Korea maintained that government contact should precede any visit to Kaesong by South Korean businessmen."
JUST WATCHED Waiting for workers to leave Kaesong Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH Waiting for workers to leave Kaesong 01:27
JUST WATCHED North Korea pulls workers from complex Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korea pulls workers from complex 02:13
JUST WATCHED Report: North Korea launches missiles Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Report: North Korea launches missiles 02:19
JUST WATCHED Kim Jong-un tours coast with $7M yacht Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kim Jong-un tours coast with $7M yacht 01:19
The North wanted the talks to be held at Kaesong and with South Korean businessmen permitted to accompany the delegation, proposals the South rejected.
Seoul's proposal for talks came a day after North Korea invited businessmen from South Korean companies to return to the zone to check on their facilities and equipment.
The talks "were in consideration of the damages to the companies operating in Kaesong after three months of suspension and the beginning of monsoon season," Kim Hyung-suk, South Korea's Unification Ministry spokesman, said in a briefing. "The Kaesong issue can only be resolved through dialogue by government authorities."
The operation was completely shut down in May when the last remaining South Korean workers left the facilities, but work had been winding down for about a month amid heightened tensions. In April, North Korea restricted South Korean workers' access to the zone. Workers had to leave when supplies such as food, water and raw materials were cut off.
The North-South tensions seemed to be easing somewhat after Pyongyang agreed to high-level talks with the South in June. Those talks were called off at the eleventh hour after disagreements over the level of the delegates who would represent each side.
On Wednesday, North Korea also restored the Panmunjom communication hotline with the South, which had been cut off repeatedly over the past four months.
"North Korea is probably feeling an unprecedented level of diplomatic isolation with pressures coming from the international community. It is also fully aware of the value of the Kaesong Industrial Complex, which provides a considerable amount of hard foreign currency," said Kim Tae-woo, former president of the Korea Institute for National Unification.
"But stirring tensions, then going back to dialogue, is part of North Korea's usual tactics. We don't need to attach too much weight to this easing of tension," he added.
North Korea already had barred South Korean workers from entering the complex before May. In 2008, access was restricted after a human rights group distributed propaganda leaflets via balloon into North Korea. South Korean workers were blocked again in 2009 during an annual U.S.-South Korean military drill.
Some $2 billion worth of goods have been produced in Kaesong between initial operations in 2005 and the end of 2012, according to the South Korean Unification Ministry.
The average wage for North Korean workers in Kaesong Industrial Complex is $134 per month, according to the South Korean ministry. North Korean authorities take about 45% of their wages for various taxes.
I can't imagine that it was a lot of fun or very safe. In the south, with a black man – white woman couple, it was practically suicide, and I mean that in a literal sense. The man would run strong risk of being lynched judicially or by mob. My first girlfriend in the early 1970s was black. I lived in Virginia, she in DC, and it would've been worth a beating for me and worse for her if we had been observed being engaged in any PDA, even hand-holding, on the Virginia side of the line. And this was 17 years after Brown v. Board.
She caught a certain amount of static from black people in DC for dating a white guy, but she was a strong willed person and brushed it off. Our parents, who were best friends, were totally cool with it. In fact, in my Jewish family, black was the one acceptable alternative to Jewish as a possible partner. My mom, who was no political activist, but was militantly anti-racist, chose a Black roommate when she went to Ohio State University in Columbus in the mid-1950s, which was a brave and in-your-face decision by both of them.
I think one reason my first girlfriend and I didn't last longer, aside from the fact that we were very young and romances like that blossom and wither quickly, was that we were in fear whenever we were in public in Virginia, and when you're under driving age in an area like that without then good public transportation, getting one party, namely me, to a place where we were physically safe was a problem.
If that was what interracial dating was like on the border of the south in the early 70s, you can imagine what it must've been like in the 1950s.
Rohit Khandelwal Crowned Mr World 2016, Becomes The First Indian To Win The Title!
Rohit Khandelwal Crowned Mr World 2016, Becomes The First Indian To Win The Title!
For the first time in the history of Mr World championship, an Indian has won the title. During a grand ceremony on Tuesday at Southport Theatre, Southport, Rohit Khandelwal, who had earlier won the prestigious Provogue Personal Care Mr India World 2015 went on to win this prestigious title.
Humbled to be the first Asian , Indian to win Mr.world 2016 . Thanks for all the love 😘😘 With @mrworld2014 A photo posted by Rohit Khandelwal (@rohit_khandelwal77) on Jul 19, 2016 at 7:25pm PDT
Rohit, who was dressed in a tuxedo designed by Nivedita Saboo was crowned Mr World, whereas at the 1st runner-up position was Mr Puerto Rico and 2nd runner-up, Mr Mexico.
Twitter
According to a report, there were around 47 participants across the world who were running for this coveted title.
And we are all set for our first performance on the stage #mrworld2016 A photo posted by Rohit Khandelwal (@rohit_khandelwal77) on Jul 19, 2016 at 9:32am PDT
As per reports, Rohit had undergone rigorous physical training to gain optimum levels of fitness without turning bulky. Along with the physical training sessions, he also had to go through various grooming sessions. He was also given special Football and Circuit training to increase his endurance and perform the various physical challenges at the pageant.
Don't Miss 94.6 K SHARES 49.3 K SHARES 64.9 K SHARES 20.1 K SHARES 35.3 K SHARES
After passing every challenge that was a part of this pageant, Khandelwal emerged a clear winner. Apart from the judgement panel, voting via mobile phones was also enabled and this allowed the general public to be a part of the proceedings.
Reacting to the major win, Rohit said, “I still can't believe that I have won the Mr World title. Being the first Indian ever to win this title makes me immensely proud and ecstatic.”
Rohit has received a cash prize of $50,000 along with the coveted title.
The Hill newspaper and Political have articles about how Democrats want to avoid discussing their views on gun control until after the 2018 mid-term elections. From The Hill:
Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer (N.Y.) is urging his colleagues to stay away from gun control in the budget debate despite pressure from activist groups that argue the party needs to take a stand given the string of mass shootings across the country.
Schumer, focused on next year's midterm elections, thinks it is smarter to focus on economics — specifically President Trump's tax plan, which Democrats say is a giveaway to corporations and the rich, and GOP proposals to cut Medicare and Medicaid. . . .
“Democrats need to find courage and learn to speak to the issue,” said Ladd Everitt, director of 1Pulse4America, a gun-violence prevention group created after the Orlando nightclub shooting in 2016. . . .
In next year's midterms, however, Democrats will be defending 10 seats in states won by Trump in last year's election — including West Virginia, Montana and North Dakota, where guns are a big part of the local culture.
Schumer's strategy is based, at least in part, on saving those seats and potentially winning back the Senate majority next year if Republicans falter badly. . . .
[David Saunders, who has advised former Democratic presidential candidates Jim Webb and John Edwards] warned that even though polls might show that various gun control proposals have strong support, the minority of people who oppose them often wield more political clout because they are more motivated.
“The 28 percent that don't want it are single-issue voters and that's why the gun numbers are so deceiving for people,” he said.
Saunders said many of those single-issue voters live in some of the Senate swing states that will determine which party controls the upper chamber in the future. . . .
On Nov. 21, 2008, in the midst of their first season in Oklahoma City, the Thunder were 1-12 after being embarrassed on national television by the New Orleans Hornets. A young roster full of raw talent was stalling.
So general manager Sam Presti made a change. He walked into P.J. Carlesimo's office and fired him, and promoted assistant Scott Brooks on the spot, informing Brooks after the team plane had taken off without Carlesimo on board.
Editor's Picks Wizards' Brooks 'hoping' for warm OKC welcome Wizards coach Scott Brooks said he's hoping for a warm welcome when he returns on Wednesday night to face his former team, the Thunder.
Westbrook now averaging triple-double per game Russell Westbrook is now averaging a triple-double for the Thunder and doing so later in the season than any player has since Oscar Robertson in 1963-64. 1 Related
"Our team needs direction," Brooks said after taking over. "I have clear plans to make this team play with much more energy and passion."
On Wednesday, Brooks, now head coach of Washington, will make his first return to Oklahoma City after being fired a year and a half ago.
Brooks was never really supposed to be the Thunder's coach. Presti had hired Carlesimo only a year earlier and when the decision was made to fire him and promote Brooks, the thinking was to get through the season and find a new coach. But as he did during his 11-year career, Brooks earned his job.
He quickly installed Russell Westbrook as his starting point guard, and while their record dipped to 3-29 -- a mark that remains a touchstone for players and personnel -- the response from the team was clear. The turnaround began on New Year's Eve in 2008, a 107-100 win over the Warriors.
The young Thunder finished the season winning 20 of their final 50, and were competitive almost every night. The final day of the season, Brooks was officially named head coach. The Thunder responded with a 41-point blowout win over the Clippers.
Under Brooks, the Thunder rapidly grew into an NBA power. His first full season they won 50 games and pushed the eventual champion Lakers to six games as Brooks won Coach of the Year. That kicked off a run of three conference finals in four years, including an NBA Finals appearance in 2012.
The Thunder were all about establishing a culture and an identity, and Brooks was determined to help a young roster grow. His message was always energy-centric, and not so much about Xs and Os. It was about learning how to be professional basketball players. How to practice. How to work together. How to get along in a locker room.
And most importantly, how to win.
"Scotty's my guy. He gave me a real shot to be able to do some of the things [I do] and make mistakes and he always had my back in that situation. Especially when I first got here."
He took pride in his ability to foster chemistry, and his Thunder teams reflected his personality. He would routinely put things into scout tapes to try to keep things loose and fun. For example: He spliced in security camera footage of practice facility manager, Johnny Schults, walking backwards while putting the cover on the exterior swimming pool. You can guess what happened.
He embraced mistakes and encouraged his young players to learn through making them -- specifically with Westbrook, who Brooks religiously defended. In many ways, the Russell Westbrook we're watching today is a result of Brooks' dedicated commitment to letting Westbrook figure it out on his own. Brooks was the original #LetWestbrookBeWestbrook apostle.
"Scotty's my guy," Westbrook said Tuesday. "He gave me a real shot to be able to do some of the things [I do] and make mistakes and he always had my back in that situation. Especially when I first got here. He was always the one who had my back through those times, and he's obviously a good coach as well."
Some saw Brooks as an enabler for Westbrook, with his unwillingness to rebuke bad shots and turnovers as a potential undoing for the Thunder. That was one of the primary whispers around Brooks during his tenure: Accountability was an issue, and he had no idea how to rein in Westbrook.
Maybe so, but the results were tangible, and impressive. Westbrook blossomed into one of the league's elites. Durant won an MVP. And despite their blemishes, the Thunder produced five remarkable seasons, with untimely injuries at the center of most of their playoff failings.
Scott Brooks saw firsthand the rapid development of superstars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook. Stephen Dunn/Getty Images
Brooks was fired on April 22, 2015, two weeks after the 2014-15 season ended, a campaign from hell that featured 55 missed games for Kevin Durant, 15 missed by Westbrook and 18 missed by Serge Ibaka. The Thunder failed to make the playoffs on the final day of the season by virtue of a tiebreaker.
When Brooks took over, his vision was for a young roster to grow, develop and improve. But what ultimately got Brooks fired is a failure to do that himself. Anyone that watched the Thunder could see the problems his teams faced. They were predictable, stale and simple. They didn't take full advantage of the talent the roster had. Brooks' solution to most issues was just to play harder.
He was resistant to embrace advanced numbers. He prioritized intangibles and chemistry over data, sticking with veterans like Derek Fisher and Kendrick Perkins, almost to the point of insanity. When the Thunder fell behind 2-1 to the Heat in the Finals, with an obvious matchup issue being a primary culprit, he refused to adjust for fear it would upset the locker room.
Instead, he said they needed to play harder. With the team ranking dead last in assists per game in 2012, and remaining near the bottom the next two seasons, the Thunder worked in the summer of 2014 to reconfigure the offense. Less isolation, more ball and player movement. Injuries derailed a lot of their well-intentioned plans, but the front office saw the issues persisting, with no improvement on the horizon.
And with the most important season of the Thunder's franchise ahead, they pulled the plug on Brooks. It was an excruciating decision for Presti, one he made with no joy, because of the respect and admiration he had for Brooks. He flew to Los Angeles to tell Brooks personally, and began a coaching search shortly after.
Scott Brooks left the Thunder with a head coaching record of 338-207 over seven seasons. Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
The talking points following Brooks' firing centered around "transition" and not reacting to an unknown future, but instead shaping it themselves. Durant would be a free agent in a year and the Thunder wanted to bring in a new coach he could learn and bond with. It seemed to work, with Durant saying during training camp it felt like a "new era" of Thunder basketball. Even with obvious improvement happening, eventually those good vibes ran out and Durant departed.
There was a certain innocence to the Brooks era. It was the best of the Thunder, the up-and-comers with all the talent and all the flaws. Fans continue to have a deep appreciation for Brooks, not just because he was at the heart of the rise of the franchise, but because of his humanity.
"You're not going to find anybody with anything bad to say about that guy," Nick Collison said. "He had a way with people."
When Brooks walks into Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday, he'll face an opposing roster with only seven players he coached, and only two he coached for more than two years. It's a far different franchise than the one he was fired from, with only Westbrook and Collison remaining from the team he coached in the Finals. It'll be another glimpse of days gone by, a reminder of the purity and the promise those young Thunder had.
As Collison said simply: "We had a lot of really good years here."
This image was taken with the Dark Energy Camera. It shows the NGC 1398 galaxy, which is packed with more than 100 million stars and lives in the Fornax cluster, some 65 million light years from Earth.
Scientists have embarked on a quest to map one-eighth of the entire sky looking for clues about dark energy, the mysterious force believed to be responsible for the ever-accelerating expansion of the universe.
The five-year Dark Energy Survey (DES for short) officially began after sunset on Aug. 31, 2013. Its main instrument is the 570-megapixel Dark Energy Camera at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory in the Andes Mountains in Chile.
Though scientists think dark energy comprises 74 percent of the universe, they do not fully understand what it is. Dark energy, for now, is the name given to the force that seems to be working against gravity, causing the expansion of the universe to speed up instead of slow down. [The History & Structure of the Universe (Infographic)]
In each snapshot, the powerful Dark Energy Camera, which was built at Fermilab in Batavia, Ill., will be able to detect light from more than 100,000 galaxies up to 8 billion light-years away. Over five years, scientists expect they will collect color images of 300 million galaxies. They also anticipate that they will discover 4,000 new supernovas, including many that burst onto the scene when the universe was half its current size.
Scientists will be mining those images to chart the history of cosmic expansion, which could reveal new insights about how dark energy works.
"We're looking at this big galaxy map of the universe as a way of finding evidence for dark energy and characterizing its nature with cosmic epoch," Ofer Lahav, of University College London and head of the DES science committee, said in a statement. "An even more challenging goal for DES is to tell if what causes the acceleration of the universe is indeed dark energy, or something entirely different."
The project researchers say they will use four methods to investigate dark energy.
They will count galaxy clusters at different points in time to glean information about the competition between gravity, which pulls mass together to form galaxies, and dark energy, which pushes mass apart.
The scientists will also measure the brightness of supernovas, the explosions of massive stars that have reached the end of their lives. By gauging how far away these distant supernovas are, scientists can better determine how fast the universe has been expanding.
They will measure the shapes of millions of galaxies to reveal how dark energy might interact with gravity to shape dark matter, another elusive component of the universe about which little is known. (Light bends around dark matter, causing some faraway galaxies to appear distorted from scientists' view on Earth.)
Lastly, the team says it will use sound waves to create a large-scale map of the universe's expansion over time. When the universe was very young, the play between matter and light kicked off a series of sound waves that left an impression on how galaxies are distributed throughout the universe. Better data on the shape of this imprint could be used to understand the universe's current and past expansion rates, the researchers say.
Follow Megan Gannon on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @SPACEdotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com.
In Nioh, players will traverse the Warring States Period of Japan as William, a blonde-haired swordsman. His background as a fierce warrior and seasoned knowledge of the blade allows him to survive in the demon-plagued land of the samurai. These demons inhabit a number of dangerous locations and lie in wait in the shadows to ambush unsuspecting victims. Nioh will challenge players in a way that makes every mission and accomplishment feel earned and worthwhile.
Master every fighting style – learn the flow of combat and move with precision. Unleash combinations of attacks and dodges specific to a range of authentic samurai weapons, including polearms, katanas and axes.
Explore a fantastical and dark vision of 16th century Japan – fight alongside and against legendary heroes and villains of the Warring States period.
Face brutal and grotesque enemies – stand alone against skilled samurai and demons known as the Yokai.
All three DLC expansions are included:
"Dragon of the North", "Defiant Honor" and "Bloodshed's End".
The worldwide critically and commercially acclaimed dark fantasy action-RPG Nioh arrives on Steam! Nioh: Complete Edition includes all three DLC expansions for additional new scenarios, new characters, new guardian spirits, and new weapons Odachi and Tonfa.
Troubleshooting:
It has come to our attention that under certain conditions, switching audio devices during gameplay prevents headphones or speakers from being recognized or will cause an error. In the meantime, while we are investigating the issue, if you encounter the issue please exit the game and try switching your audio devices before restarting the game.
CMG and Public Architecture
CMG and Public Architecture presented a plan for the redesign of Waller Creek that the team described "less of a park and more of a living city constitution," i.e. one that's ripe with interesting, ambitious built environments and public gardens.
1) Moon Garden
A series of gardens spring forth along Waller Creek, including a downtown city block illuminated by ambient lighting shimmering against the creek's water and parkland, inspired by Austin's moonlight towers.
2) 12x12 Bridges
The team proposes to have 12 Austin artists put their mark on the 12 bridges that will serve as crossing points along Waller Creek, which would be considered a "light touch" and restorative method.
3) City Deck
An eye-catching geometric boardwalk at the mouth of Lady Bird Lake surrounded by a Floating Garden provides for jumping off points for water activities and habitats for aquatic life.
4) Sabine Street Promenade
A several blocks long promenade shaded by striking crosshatched Urban Canopies will reintroduce pedestrians to this particular downtown area.
5) Urban Farm
A community farm in the heart of downtown with potential partners Urban Roots and Urban Patchwork.
Senate economics references committee chair Labor senator Chris Ketter said the bank was invited to attend the hearing one week prior to the hearing that took place on April 28 but it refused to make any representatives, including chief executive Ian Narev​, available. Commonwealth Bank of Australia chief executive Ian Narev. Credit:James Alcock "The bank's attempt to hide behind the cover of the budget and avoid proper scrutiny is unacceptable," Senator Ketter said. Senator Ketter's comments follow the receipt of a letter from the boss of Australia's biggest bank which has been at the centre of major scandals in recent years involving dodgy financial advice and refusing the life insurance claims of dying people. In the letter, Mr Narev denies he "refused to face scrutiny", instead noting that "only two Labor senators were available to conduct the hearing" and that no Liberal, National, Green and Independent senators were able to attend.
CommInsure is subject to a major investigation by ASIC following an explosive media investigation which found the bank had manipulated medical reports, client files were missing, and legitimate claims were declined. Michael Gill's rheumatoid arthritis insurance claim was rejected by CBA's CommInsure. Credit:Nic Wakler "The release of this letter and subsequent failure of the bank to appear before the public hearing is another atrocious example of a large organisation bullying those who speak out in the public interest," Senator Ketter said. "I take no interest in Mr Narev's recount of events as stated in his letter," Senator Ketter said. Jayne Bradley has multiple sclerosis and has not been paid out by CommInsure. Credit:Louie Douvis
Representatives from ASIC including deputy chairman Peter Kell gave evidence at the CommInsure hearing as did Dr Koh, finance services lawyer and insurance expert John Berrill​, and representatives from the Financial Rights Legal Centre. In his letter to Senator Ketter, Mr Narev said Dr Koh's statements CBA head of wealth management Annabel Spring dismissed his concerns as a few bad apples and CommInsure managing director Helen Troup did not take his concerns seriously were incorrect. Senator Chris Ketter during the public hearing of the Senate Inquiry into Asset Recycling at State Library of New South Wales in February 2015. Credit:Daniel Munoz I take no interest in Mr Narev's recount of events as stated in his letter. Senator Chris Ketter "We reject the accusation that CommInsure has an aim of denying legitimate insurance claims. This accusation does not reflect the culture of our business, or the experience of the vast majority of customers who lodge claims," Mr Narev said, who added the "vast majority" of CBA staff did the right thing.
Dr Koh's lawyer Michael Bates said: "It is denied in the strongest terms that Dr Koh misrepresented any of the conversations he had with senior bank employees." Mr Narev said Dr Koh's testimony he was dismissed because he was a whistleblower was also untrue. Dr Koh has filed a claim for unfair dismissal in the Victorian County Court. Mr Narev said the bank would defend the claim. Mr Bates said the matter would be dealt with in court.
"Dr Koh is in the position he is now in because he refused to look the other way when he was employed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. His credibility cannot be questioned and this will become apparent as as this matter works through the courts. "All of the relevant people, including Mr Ian Narev, Ms Annabel Spring and Ms Helen Troup, amongst others, will have the opportunity to explore the matter in a witness box while under oath, no doubt over a period of days," Mr Bates said. Mr Bates said his firm Leonard and Welch lawyers had recently lodged a formal request with APRA to investigate the bank for breaches of the whistleblower protections in the Life Insurance Act.
THANK YOU to readers who have generously donated. However, I still have a long way to go with my fundraising campaign. Unfortunately (or fortunately), if I don't reach my modest goal by February 7th, this blog will become a subscription e-mail magazine. I will explain how this will work later. The nice thing about a magazine is that it would allow for longer pieces about the issues discussed here. Anyone who donates will receive some number of editions of this magazine, which I hope will include commentary by regular contributors here, whom readers have come to know and appreciate. Please donate today if you'd like to help prevent this change — or let me know if you want to donate but actually prefer the idea of a magazine format. Thank you again for your support.
[thermometer width=70 align=center]
Please follow and like us:
Dark, dense, gluten free chocolate brownie bars topped with three-ingredient, maple sweetened peanut butter fudge.
Here's one for the peanut butter lovers out there. You know who you are, and I am one of you.
It took me a long time to come around to peanut butter and sweet things, for some reason it just didn't appeal. I'm still not a huge fan of actual peanuts and sweet things (snickers, bleurgh) but salty, savoury peanut butter is a whole other story.
I LOVE smooth peanut butter as a rich counterpoint to berry or chocolate flavours, and it's just gorgeous in these chocolate peanut butter fudge bars. Look at these beauties!
Three-ingredient peanut butter fudge
Calling this ‘fudge' might be overstating it a little. There's certainly no cooking or candy thermometers involved. But this simple peanut butter fudge is smooth and creamy, decadent and rich, all things fudge should be.
Melt together peanut butter and coconut oil, sweeten it with a little maple syrup, let it set in the fridge, and voila, you have dairy free, low carb, whole foods fudge. Magic.
Go on and make the peanut butter fudge for a treat all by itself, or whip up a batch of brownies and pour the fudge mixture over the top. I love how it gets down the sides of tin and surrounds the brownie, so when it's cut the edge pieces are definitely the best! You could add extras sprinkled over the wet fudge before it sets too, think cacao nibs, chocolate chips, nuts or seeds. Yum!
Easy vegan chocolate brownie
This isn't a new recipe, it's the same base mixture from my ever popular chocolate and pear brownie, just taken in a new direction. Making this recipe reminded me how much I like that brownie mixture. It's easy, gluten free and makes the most of the natural behaviour of its ingredients. In combination with ground flaxseed (as flax eggs), oat flour helps the brownie set well and gives it a moist, dense texture. It's rich and chocolatey, but not too sweet. I don't think you'd pick this as vegan baking, which is pretty cool.
I grind my own flaxseed and oats with a high speed blender, or you can buy flax meal or oat flour – whatever you prefer.
If you've been considering buying a high speed blender, I say do it. I bought mine last year and while it was a significant investment, for sure, I use it almost every day. It's become a key piece of kitchen equipment that I wouldn't want to do without.
If you have the money for it, the big brands are Vitamix and Blendtec. I didn't have that kind of budget, so went with an Optimum 9400 from Froothie. I love it, there's nothing it hasn't been able to do, and while I haven't tried the others I'm sure it performs to a similar standard. Blender love. Haha. (This post is not sponsored).
Chocolate peanut butter fudge bars Dark, dense, gluten free chocolate brownie bars topped with three-ingredient, maple sweetened peanut butter fudge. 0 from 0 votes Print Pin Prep Time: 10 mins Cook Time: 15 mins Total Time: 25 mins Servings: 16 Calories: 221 kcal Author: Quite Good Food Ingredients For the brownie: 3 tbsp ground flaxseed , (buy it pre-ground or make your own in a high speed blender or coffee grinder)
, 1 cup oat flour , (buy it pre-ground - check label if gluten free - or make your own by grinding oats in a high speed blender)
, 1/2 cup ground almonds , (almond meal)
, 1/2 cup cocoa
1 tsp baking powder , (check label if gluten free)
, Pinch of salt
3/4 cup soy milk , or milk of your choice
, 1/4 cup + 2 tbsp maple syrup
1/4 cup coconut oil , melted if solid
, 1 tsp instant coffee , dissolved in 1 tbsp boiling water
, 1 tsp natural vanilla extract For the peanut butter fudge: 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter
1/2 cup coconut oil
2 tbsp maple syrup Instructions Mix 3 tbsp of ground flaxseed with 6 tbsp of water and set aside for about 15 minutes. It will become thick and gel-like. This mixture is the equivalent of three 'flax eggs' and will act as an egg replacer in the brownie batter.
Preheat oven to 200C (390F) and grease and line a rectangular baking dish. I used an 18x27cm pan (approximately 7x10.5 inches).
Mix dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl: oat flour, ground almonds, cocoa, baking powder and salt.
Add wet ingredients: milk, maple syrup, coconut oil, dissolved coffee, vanilla paste and flax seed gel.
Beat until the mixture is smooth and well combined. If it seems too thick, add 1-2 tbsp more milk.
Pour batter into the pre-prepared baking dish.
Bake for approximately 15 minutes. Once done, the brownie will pull away from the sides of the pan a little and look 'cooked', but a skewer will not come out clean. You want the middle to still be a bit fudgey.
Allow brownie to cool in the tin for about half an hour before adding the peanut butter fudge layer.
To make the peanut butter fudge, melt peanut butter, coconut oil and maple syrup together in a small saucepan. Whisk until smooth and well combined, then pour over the brownie.
Chill in the fridge until completely set. Serve straight from the fridge, as the peanut butter fudge will soften and melt at room temperature. Notes Prep time does not include cooling or chilling time.
Nutrition information is based on 16 bar sized portions, but you could easily cut those in half for 32 serves - which are still a lovely little treat. Nutrition information Calories: 221 kcal | Carbohydrates: 15.6 g | Protein: 4.5 g | Fat: 17.1 g | Saturated Fat: 10.2 g | Cholesterol: 0 mg | Fiber: 2.6 g Tried this recipe? Mention @quitegoodfood or tag #quitegoodfood
Nutrition Facts Chocolate peanut butter fudge bars Amount Per Serving Calories 221 Calories from Fat 154 % Daily Value* Total Fat 17.1g 26% Saturated Fat 10.2g 51% Cholesterol 0mg 0% Total Carbohydrates 15.6g 5% Dietary Fiber 2.6g 10% Protein 4.5g 9% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Sri Lankan test cricket is in the spotlight amid allegations of an attempt to fix a match against the West Indies.
The hits just keep on coming for Sri Lankan cricket.
Their fast bowling coach Anusha Samaranayake has been suspended for two months amid allegations he attempted to fix a test against the West Indies.
The 53-year-old from Colombo has been accused of bringing in a man with no elite level cricketing experience to help the Sri Lankan squad at training sessions. The allegations against Samaranayake are for the first test in Galle in October, which Sri Lanka won by an innings and six runs.
DINUKA LIYANAWATTE / REUTERS It has been suggested that wicketkeeper Kusal Perera (pictured) and spin bowler Rangana Herath were offered money to throw the test match against the West Indies.
It was also suggested that wicketkeeper Kusal Perera, who was sent home from the tour of New Zealand for testing positive for steroid use, and spin bowler Rangana Herath, were offered money to throw the match.
READ MORE:
* Sri Lanka accused of 'scandalous behaviour' in NZ
* Mathews: 'No mercy' for for misconduct on NZ tour
* 'Pitchsiders' turfed from Big Bash League games
* Waugh: All Blacks treatment needed for Windies
Sri Lanka Sport Minister Dayasiri Jayasekera said that the fee offered to the players was 10-million Sri Lanka rupees (NZ$107,445) to manufacture a batting collapse.
Samaranayake introduced net bowler Gayan Vishwajith to the training. He is a controversial character who has been given a lifetime ban from any cricketing grounds in Sri Lanka.
"Sri Lanka Cricket has received several complaints regarding a close acquaintance of Anusha Samaranayake with the main suspect Gayan Vishwajith, who had approached several national players for the alleged illegal activities of match-fixing," said a statement from the country's cricket board.
After Jayasekara's involvement, the police have also taken statements from captain Angelo Mathews and team manager Jeryl Woutersz.
"The aim of the police investigation is not to destroy the good name of the national cricketers but to protect it," Jayasekara told BBC Sinhala.
"We do have clear information that players were offered money to fix matches. All the players have rejected that offer," the minister added.
The International Cricket Council began an investigation following a complaint by Perera.
The news comes after it was revealed last week that Jayasekera promised an investigation into the national cricket team, accusing them of late night drinking and "scandalous behaviour" on their New Zealand tour.
Jayasekera told AFP that he had received photos of players attending all-night parties before matches against the Black Caps. He also told local newspapers he was aware of "serious allegations of misconduct".
Sri Lanka lost the test, one-day and T20 series to New Zealand with Jayasekera suggesting the squad lacked harmony.
"There was scandalous behaviour. They have not only attended drinking parties till three and four in the morning, but there was a lot of tension and friction among members," he told AFP.
"My main concern is the breakdown in discipline. When that is affected, the team naturally performs badly."
Jayasekera said he intended to have skippered Mathews, national team manager Jeryl Woutersz and chief selector Kapila Wijegunawardane attend a "please explain" meeting as talk swirled around the team over their behaviour on tour.
BREAKING: IMMINENT TERROR THREAT AT SOUTHERN US BORDER – Authorities on Alert …Update: Meeting Held in New Mexico
Terror threat at the southern US border.
Authorities have been notified.
FLASHBACK: WSB Actiion 2 News out of Atlanta aired a report back in 2010 on Islamic terrorists sneaking into the US through Mexico.
Border patrol agents picked up 77 Middle Eastern males in one month in June 2004 trying to cross into the US through Mexico.
Farida Goolam Mahamed Ahmed, 48, of South Africa, is taken from the federal courthouse in Houston in this August 20 2004 file photo. (Brett Coomer, AP)
A warning bulletin for an imminent terror attack on the border was issued to federal law enforcement, intelligence and other sources.
Judicial Watch reported:
Islamic terrorist groups are operating in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez and planning to attack the United States with car bombs or other vehicle born improvised explosive devices (VBIED). High-level federal law enforcement, intelligence and other sources have confirmed to Judicial Watch that a warning bulletin for an imminent terrorist attack on the border has been issued. Agents across a number of Homeland Security, Justice and Defense agencies have all been placed on alert and instructed to aggressively work all possible leads and sources concerning this imminent terrorist threat. Specifically, Judicial Watch sources reveal that the militant group Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) is confirmed to now be operating in Juarez, a famously crime-infested narcotics hotbed situated across from El Paso, Texas. Violent crimes are so rampant in Juarez that the U.S. State Department has issued a number of travel warnings for anyone planning to go there. The last one was issued just a few days ago. Intelligence officials have picked up radio talk and chatter indicating that the terrorist groups are going to “carry out an attack on the border,” according to one JW source. “It's coming very soon,” according to this high-level source, who clearly identified the groups planning the plots as “ISIS and Al Qaeda.” An attack is so imminent that the commanding general at Ft. Bliss, the U.S. Army post in El Paso, is being briefed, another source confirms. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) did not respond to multiple inquiries from Judicial Watch, both telephonic and in writing, about this information. The disturbing inside intelligence comes on the heels of news reports revealing that U.S. intelligence has picked up increased chatter among Islamist terror networks approaching the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. While these terrorists reportedly plan their attack just outside the U.S., President Obama admits that “we don't have a strategy yet” to combat ISIS. “I don't want to put the cart before the horse,” the commander-in-chief said this week during a White House press briefing. “I think what I've seen in some of the news reports suggest that folks are getting a little further ahead of what we're at than what we currently are.”
The US Department of State assesses crime as “critical” in Ciudad Juarez. 530 persons were murdered in Ciudad Juarez in 2013. The US State Department also said a threat from international terrorist groups is low and large scale public demonstrations and or labor strikes very rarely occur in Ciudad Juarez or Chihuahua City.
UPDATE: A trusted source from the Dona Ana Sheriffs office in New Mexico confirmed they received the bulletin this morning. Meetings were held and officers were told to be more vigilante.
UPDATE* Breitbart.com has obtained the leaked document. The document shows James O'Keefe crossing the border in a Osama bin Laden mask.
The document was released by the Texas Department of Public Safety and warned that ISIS was actively promoting and encouraging supporters to take advantage of the porous Texas-Mexico border to carry out terrorist attacks against US citizens. The document attributed the increased interest by ISIS to a report done by journalist James O'Keefe. Though the report did not mention O'Keefe by name, it showed images of O'Keefe crossing the porous Texas-Mexico border while wearing an Osama bin Laden mask.
In 1971, Soviet geologists discovered a site near to Derweze, Turkmenistan, that they believed harboured oil. Work drilling the area for its resources began soon after the area was acknowledged. However, all was not as it seemed beneath the surface when they failed to find oil. They quickly realised that they were sitting upon a giant gas crater, which collapsed shortly after work began. Fear spread that the gasses that were emitting from the crater were poisonous.
With this in mind, scientists took the slightly extravagant step of setting the crater on fire. This, they believed, would prevent the gasses from spreading, and then fire should burn out within a week. But, some 44 years later, the fire is still burning.
The Derweze crater has been named The Door To Hell. The 230ft wide pit was given the fitting name by local residents in the village of Derweze due to the searing heat it emits and the red glow that can be seen by the community, with a population of just 350, a few miles away.
Gozel Yazkulieva, a visitor from the Turkmenistan capital Ashgabat, told AFP in 2014: "It takes your breath away. You immediately think of your sins and feel like praying."
The area has become something of a tourist hotspot in recent years. It is estimated that The Door To Hell attracts between 12,000 and 15,000 visitors a year. However, in 2009, the president of Turkmenistan, Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow, ordered that the hole be closed, but this has yet to come to fruition.
In 2013, explorer George Kourounis became the first person to step foot within the burning hole, which is 99ft deep, as he hoped to collect soil samples from the scorching soil in a bid to learn about whether life can survive in such harsh conditions. This would have helped scientists gain a better understanding of potential life on other planets that have similar conditions. Some bacteria were actually found living inside.
Describing his encounter with The Door To Hell, Kourounis told National Geographic: "When you first set eyes on the crater, it's like something out of a science-fiction film. You've got this vast, sprawling desert with almost nothing there, and then there's this gaping, burning pit... The heat coming off of it is scorching. The shimmer from the distortion of it warping the air around it is just amazing to watch, and when you're downwind, you get this blast of heat that is so intense that you can't even look straight into the wind.
"I described it as a coliseum of fire − just everywhere you look it's thousands of these small fires. The sound was like that of a jet engine, this roaring, high-pressure, gas-burning sound. And there was no smoke. It burns very cleanly, so there's nothing to obscure your view. You can just see every little lick of flame. There were a few moments that I just literally had to stop, look around, and drink in the spectacle of where I was."
IRVING, Texas -- With changes on the Dallas Cowboys' coaching staff, it's time to update the tracker.
Rod Marinelli is the defensive coordinator but will continue to work with the defensive line. He'll receive more help from Leon Lett and Ben Bloom.
The changes are in bold.
Head coach: Jason Garrett
Passing game coordinator: Scott Linehan
Offensive coordinator/offensive line coach: Bill Callahan
Defensive coordinator: Rod Marinelli
Assistant head coach/defense: Monte Kiffin
Quarterbacks: Wade Wilson
Running backs: Gary Brown
Wide receivers: Derek Dooley
Tight ends: Mike Pope
Assistant offensive line: Frank Pollack
Offensive quality control/wide receivers: Keith O'Quinn
Offensive assistant: Vacant
Defensive line: Rod Marinelli
Linebackers: Matt Eberflus
Secondary: Jerome Henderson
Defensive assistant/defensive line: Leon Lett
Defensive quality control/defensive line: Ben Bloom
Assistant secondary: Joe Baker
Special teams: Rich Bisaccia
Assistant special teams: Vacant
Strength and conditioning: Mike Woicik
Assistant strength and conditioning: Brett Bech
Assistant strength and conditioning: Kendall Smith
Peter McKnight is an adjunct professor in the School of Criminology at Simon Fraser University.
You're familiar with the popular portrayal of the drug dealer: an evil and insidious grim reaper who visits agony and angst, disease and death upon the community.
But according to a recent series of Globe and Mail articles, the drug dealer has a rather different look: an educated and respectable man or woman in a white coat, a professional healer who doles out dope from the confines of an antiseptic office.
Story continues below advertisement
The Globe's investigation found that in 2015, doctors wrote 53 opioid prescriptions for every 100 people in Canada, and with predictable results. Between 2011 and 2014, spending on drugs to treat opioid addiction rose a whopping 60 per cent, although Alberta, which is experiencing an epidemic of opioid addiction, spends far less on treatment than any other province.
In effect, then, doctors have now found themselves in the awkward position of having to prescribe one drug to solve the problem caused by their prescribing another. And the solution seems obvious: Stop prescribing, or overprescribing, the first drug.
A number of medical organizations, including the Michael G. DeGroote National Pain Centre at McMaster University and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia, have issued guidelines aimed at encouraging or requiring doctors to do just that.
Among other things, the guidelines stress that doctors should assess patients' psychiatric status and risk for opioid addiction before prescribing opioid painkillers or other commonly abused drugs. Furthermore, the guidelines require physicians to inform patients of the benefits of non-drug therapies for chronic pain.
While such guidelines can help solve the problem of opioid overprescription, this solution highlights more, and more serious, problems. To begin with, while it's essential that physicians assess their patients for risk of addiction, most family doctors, and even most psychiatrists, receive very little training in addiction medicine.
Fortunately, addiction is receiving increasing attention in some provinces: Addiction specialist Dr. Keith Ahamad, of the British Columbia Centre for Excellence in HIV-AIDS, notes, for example, that St. Paul's Hospital in Vancouver is now home to the largest addiction medicine fellowship in North America.
Yet medical students are still not required to complete a rotation in addiction medicine, which means you can graduate from medical school knowing next to nothing about addiction. Dr. Ahamad and his colleagues are working to change that, but if doctors don't know anything about addiction, they might not know when their patients have a problem, let alone what to do about it.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
That said, the problem is much bigger than doctors. It's not as though physicians suddenly decided, against all medical wisdom, to hand out drugs like Tic Tacs. Rather, they have been taught to do so. They have been encouraged to do so. And they have been rewarded for doing so.
Sure, we like to tell ourselves that we're an anti-drug society, as we celebrate every draconian law imposed to crack down on illicit drug dealers. But then we run to our doctors and demand a pill for whatever ails us. And we run to the government and demand that it pay for it.
The government responds by funding drug therapy, but not non-pharmaceutical treatments, like cognitive-behavioural therapy, that might make a significant difference in the lives of people suffering from chronic pain. And provincial medical plans reward doctors financially for seeing a lot of patients for short periods of time, which all but precludes the possibility of their doing anything other than writing another prescription.
Opioid overprescription is, therefore, a societal problem, much like addiction itself. And it will require a societal solution. Any effort to solve the problem is certain to fail unless we engage in a thorough rethinking of our approach to prescription drugs, rather than simply relying on doctors to provide a remedy. After all, if doctors are the dealers, then we are the enablers.
Tea Partiers Fight Obama's Culture of Dependence
A Commentary By Michael Barone
"Do you realize," CNN's Susan Roesgen asked a man at the April 15, 2009, tea party in Chicago, "that you're eligible for a $400 credit?" When the man refused to drop his "drop socialism" sign, she went on, "Did you know that the state of Lincoln gets 50 billion out of the stimulus?"
Roesgen is no longer with CNN, and CNN has only about half as many viewers as it did last year. But her questions are revealing. They help us understand that the issue on which our politics has become centered -- the Obama Democrats' vast expansion of the size and scope of government -- is really not just about economics. It is really a battle about culture, a battle between the culture of dependence and the culture of independence.
Probably unknowingly, Roesgen was reflecting the mid-century sociologist Paul Lazarsfeld's dictum that politics is about who gets how much when. If some guy is getting $400, shouldn't he just shut up and collect the money? Shouldn't he be happy that his state government, headed recently by Rod Blagojevich, was getting an extra $50 billion?
But public policy also helps determine the kind of society we are. The Obama Democrats see a society in which ordinary people cannot fend for themselves, where they need to have their incomes supplemented, their health care insurance regulated and guaranteed, their relationships with their employers governed by union leaders. Highly educated mandarins can make better decisions for them than they can make themselves. That is the culture of dependence.
The tea partiers see things differently. They're not looking for lower taxes -- half of tea party supporters, a New York Times survey found, think their taxes are fair. Nor are they financially secure -- half say someone in their household may lose their job in the next year. Two-thirds say the recession has caused some hardship in their lives.
But they recognize, correctly, that the Obama Democrats are trying to permanently enlarge government and increase citizens' dependence on it. And, invoking the language of the Founding Fathers, they believe that this will destroy the culture of independence which has enabled Americans over the past two centuries to make this the most productive and prosperous -- and the most charitably generous -- nation in the world.
Seeing our political divisions as a battle between the culture of dependence and the culture of independence helps to make sense of the divisions seen in the 2008 election. Barack Obama carried voters with incomes under $50,000 and those with incomes over $200,000, and lost those with incomes in between. He won large margins from those who never graduated from high school and from those with graduate school degrees, and barely exceeded 50 percent among those in between.
The top-and-bottom Obama coalition was in effect a coalition of those dependent on government transfers and benefits and those in what David Brooks calls "the educated class," who administer or believe that their kind of people administer those transactions. They are the natural constituency for the culture of dependence.
Interestingly, in the Massachusetts special Senate election, the purported beneficiaries of the culture of dependence -- low-income and low-education voters -- did not turn out in large numbers. In contrast, the administrators of that culture -- affluent secular professionals, public employees, university personnel -- were the one group that turned out in force and voted for the hapless Democratic candidate.
The in-between people on the income and education ladders, it turns out, are a constituency for the culture of independence. Smart conservatives like David Frum, Ross Douthat and Reihan Salam argued in 2009 books that modest-income conservative voters have had stagnant incomes over the last decade and that Republicans should offer them compensatory tax breaks.
That seemed to make sense in the wake of the 2008 election. But it's been undercut by developments since. As Susan Roesgen discovered, tea party supporters are not in the mood to be bought off with $400 tax credits. They have a longer time horizon and can see where the Obama Democrats are trying to take us.
Paul Lazarsfeld saw politics as just a matter of dollars and cents. The tea party movement reminds us of what the Founders taught -- that it has a moral dimension, as well. They risked all in the cause of the culture of independence. The polling evidence suggests that most Americans don't want to leave that behind.
Michael Barone is senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner.
COPYRIGHT 2010 THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER
See Other Political Commentaries
S ee Other Commentaries by Michael Barone
V iews expressed in this column are those of the author, not those of Rasmussen Reports.
Last November astronomer David Nesvorny of the Southwest Research Institute in Colorado added a new character to the tale. Nesvorny, who runs computer simulations to study how the solar system evolved over time, kept encountering the same problem: The four giant gas planets, whose orbits are comfortably far apart from each other today, kept violently jostling with each other in his models of the early solar system. Jupiter would end up tugging on Uranus or Neptune and casting one of them out into interstellar space. Obviously, that never happened. So Nesvorny came up with a clever explanation: He proposed that a fifth gas giant emerged from the planet-birthing cloud 4.5 billion years ago. Suddenly his simulations started matching reality. The outer planets still jockeyed for position, but this time Jupiter spared Uranus and Neptune and ejected the extra planet instead. The loss of the extra world also shifted the orbits of the surviving planets. Jupiter darted toward the sun, while Uranus and Neptune got shoved farther away to the positions they have today. Nesvorny says all this instability could explain the Late Heavy Bombardment , a period when small objects at the edge of the solar system got rounded up and flung toward Earth and the other inner planets.
– Jim Rutherford, President and General Manager of the National Hockey League's Carolina Hurricanes, today announced that the team has agreed to terms with left wing Alexander Semin (SEH-min) on a one-year contract. The deal will pay Semin $7 million for the 2012-13 season.
“We have done a lot of research about Alexander, and discussions about his fit with our team have included people at many different levels of our organization, including players, coaches and staff,” said Rutherford. “What's been clear throughout this process was his commitment to wanting to play in the NHL, and compete against the world's best players.
“Alexander's elite skill level and ability to score from the wing fill an important need on the ice, and we hope that a fresh start in Carolina will serve both Alexander and our team well.”
Semin, 28, completed his seventh NHL season in 2011-12, ranking second among Washington Capitals skaters in goals (21), assists (33) and points (54), and tied for fourth in plus/minus (+9). The Krasnoyarsk, Russia, native earned three goals and one assist (4 points) in 14 Stanley Cup playoff games for the Capitals, as Washington topped Boston in the first round before falling to the New York Rangers in seven games. Following the playoffs, he joined Russia at the 2012 IIHF World Championship, tallying five points (2g, 3a) in three games, including two goals and one assist during Russia's gold-medal game victory.
“I'm very happy to be a Carolina Hurricane,” said Semin. “It's a great fit for me. I look forward to playing with great players, and putting together a winning season.”
Selected by Washington in the first round, 13th overall, of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, Semin (6'2”, 209 lbs.) has totaled 197 goals, 211 assists (408 points) and 450 penalty minutes in 469 career regular-season games with the Capitals. He is one of 18 NHL players to have averaged 30 goals or more per year over the last six seasons, with 187 total goals in that period of time. Semin netted his 197th career goal on April 5 against Florida, moving into fifth place on Washington's all-time goal-scoring list. He has a career plus/minus rating of plus-65, and his plus-92 rating over the last four seasons ranks fifth among all NHL players.
Semin has represented Russia in nine major international competitions, including the 2010 Winter Olympic Games. He helped Russia capture gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 IIHF World Championships, and also won medals at the 2002 U-18 World Junior Championship (silver), 2005 IIHF World Championship (bronze) and 2010 IIHF World Championship (silver). Semin's career statistics are below.
"Regret it all you want, it's too late!"
I'm not exactly sure where Kaiji gets the idea that Kazuya's shift was 90% from strong to weak, but Kaiji's been in plenty of these kinds of scenarios in the past, so maybe he's taking his own experiences when he's made a last-minute change and projecting them onto Kazuya? Or maybe it's more from how Kazuya was acting while he did it. Either way, that's not really the main point. The point is that Kaiji thinks Kazuya will fold no matter what if he raises based on the fact that he had such a hard time deciding on a card that he switched over, last-minute. I wouldn't be so quick to make that conclusion; all that means is that Kazuya had pretty good reasons to play either card and he was swaying back and forth between two moves. It's still possible that he played a card that he wants to raise with, be it a bluff with his DOWN card or a power play with his UP.
As for Kazuya's switch being acting, that seems kind of far-fetched. Doing something like playing a card with your left hand is so small that Kazuya wouldn't even be sure if Kaiji would even notice it. It's impossible to tell what Kaiji would take away from it, too, whether he'd read it as going from weak to strong or from strong to weak all depends on what expectations he already has.
See you again next week, where every casual Kaiji fan's worst nightmare will make a reappearance!
Merry Christmas, boys and girls! And boy do we have a present for you... it's ONE NEW CHAPTER OF KAIJI!! What? Why not 2? Well... last time Tambur had to evacuate from a fire, and this time it was Crump that had an accident. As he was driving down the road, the icy conditions caused him to veer off course and crash into the woods! He was forced to leave his car and the laptop containing the cleans for 206 behind and walk back to civilization, on the worst day possible! The forces of nature themselves seem to be against us in our double release schedule, but no catastrophe will be too much to stop us from delivering you at least one chapter per week!! ...I hope.Thanks anyway to Crump for cleaning this chapter, and to Tambur for typesetting it!
State Legitimacy as Status Quo Bias
The Behavioral Economics of Democratic Decline and Why Letting a Thousand Nations Bloom Can Solve it
by guest blogger
It's an old yarn to point out that there seems to be something mystical, religious, ‘irrational' about the allegiance of many to the modern State. Herbert Spencer wrote of the “divine right of Parliaments,” Randolph Bourne scorned Americans' “pure filial mysticism.”
The increasingly popular work in ‘behavioral economics' has studied the ‘irrational' foundations of economic decisions: in other words, the degree to which people's actual decisions deviate from the predictions of ‘rational-choice' models traditionally used in social science. Behavioral economics is widely co-opted as a wholesale criticism of markets, but few bother mentioning that many of its findings equally apply to political decisions. (A notable exception is Bryan Caplan's wonderful book Myth of the Rational Voter).
One of the strongest findings in behavioral economics (and a favorite of ‘libertarian' paternalists) is a bundle of irrationalities termed “status quo bias.” This bias, put simply, is the tendency — as the difficulty of making a decision increases — for people to opt for the ‘default'.
Behavioral economists find that merely shifting the phrasing of a questionnaire from a ‘neutral framing' (no default option) to a ‘status quo' framing (an arbitrarily chosen default option with the possibility to switch) yields a significant preference for the ‘default' option. This finding is corroborated in various ‘field experiments.' For example, when choosing a bundle of stocks to invest in for their retirement, people are quite likely to choose whichever bundle was the ‘default' option. Behavioral economists call this “framing effects”, when the mere structure of the decision (i.e. the presence of a default) biases a choice.
Behavioral scholars argue that this bias arises from the cognitive failings of human beings: our ‘bounded rationality' is not without its costs.
People prove themselves as ‘risk averse' in these experiments; they will forsake uncertain future gains for the status quo because it is difficult to understand the probabilities and possibilities of the outcomes. In the case of the retirement example: as it becomes more difficult to compare stock bundles, their future returns, and their risks — people are significantly more likely to opt for the status quo option. Unless people have a strong emotional attachment to an alternative, they will be prone to the status quo bias of the ‘frame' even in the presence of ‘rationally' obtainable gains from switching.
But of course all political decisions, whether votes or a penchant for revolution, are likewise made with an implicit framing – the status quo or ‘default' institutional arrangement under which a person has lived.
If one accepts that imagining and evaluating the costs and benefits of alternative political arrangements is difficult (‘cognitively costly') it becomes clear that preferences for political institutions likely suffer from framing effects, leading to status quo bias. Unless a person has a particular reason for strongly favoring an alternative arrangement, they are significantly more likely to opt for the status quo. If a person has any emotional attachments to the status quo or even merely has difficulty imagining the outcomes of an alternative, they will also opt for the status quo.
Where does this leave modern democracy? Consider Mancur Olson's theory of democratic State growth. Olson's dynamic, familiar to many Thousand Nations readers, is that the inexorable logic of democracy tends, over time, to bring ever-greater redistribution to concentrated interests from the dispersed whole. This growing ‘capture' of the economy leads to societies like today's economically unstable, stagnating Western democracies.
But Olson's process is as psychological as it is economic. The end of democratic State growth is one of tremendous uncertainty. The economic patterns of society become ‘fuzzy,' as distribution is severed from its natural, procedural pattern (factor payments) to methods captured by organized interests and prone to the vicissitudes of political bargaining (subsidies, rents, regulations).
One's own position in the overall ‘churn' becomes difficult to decipher. As explained by political philosopher Anthony de Jasay, if any citizen's net position
can be ascertained, [it] will be submerged under large flows of gross gains and gross losses impinging on much the same people… Not all can, let alone will, see through this and recognize their net position, if indeed a net position has objective meaning. Since economic policy causes prices and factor incomes to be other than what they would be in a policyless capitalist state, and since it may in any case be inherently impossible to “know” the ultimate incidence of the total set of directives, incentives, prohibitions, taxes, tariffs, etc. in force, a subject need not be stupid to be mistaken about where the churning around him really leaves him.
The behavioral outcome of this uncertainty, in the words of de Jasay, is “false consciousness,” “illusions,” and “downright mistakes by both the state and its subjects.” The mounting ‘cognitive costs' of deciphering the interventionist mire become prohibitive and citizens become behaviorally irrational.
Political scientists have shown the costs of status quo bias in simple acts of political reform. Even mutually beneficial reforms like free-trade, which also has broad support by economists, will fail a popular vote in the presence of uncertainty as to the gains and losses to individual voters themselves. In the words of two game theorists, “uncertainty regarding the identities of gainers and losers can prevent an efficiency-enhancing reform from being adopted, even in cases in which reform would prove quite popular after the fact.” People opt instead for the seeming certainty of the status quo.
Thus we end with the disheartening spectacle that democracies contain both the economic incentives to stagnate and the psychological effects to reinforce allegiance to these same declining regimes. The Public Choice logic of Mancur Olson meets the biases of the behavioralists.
Fortunately Olson explains that his destructive process can be turned back. But unfortunately, this typically requires a massive exogenous shock to the system, like a natural disaster or the widespread destruction of a nation like Japan and Germany during World War II.
However, projects like Free Cities and Seasteading potentially provide a run-around past ‘Olsonian Shock Therapy,' while achieving the same end. The phrase “one Hong Kong is worth 1000 policy papers” has a behavioral foundation. A Free City within the bounds of a society captured by Olsonian interests massively lowers the cognitive costs of imagining and calculating the cost and benefits of alternative institutions. The alternative is not far away: it's inhabited by people much like the onlooking citizen of the host nation. Likewise, a Free City or a Seastead offer the spectacle of an ‘uncaptured' society, where members are rationally opting-in to the arrangement based on the clear benefits to themselves. They are psychological laboratories to escape the ‘churn' and to imagine a better life outside the bounds of demosclerosis.
The arguments of Public Choice have behavioral foundations, rendering the prospect for internal reform of many societies even more unlikely. While societies are increasingly captured by special interests, the psychological costs of considering alternative governance become prohibitively high. States crowd out the decentralized institutions that demonstrate the benefits of pluralism in one's daily life. States also obscure the cost/benefit analysis of allegiance to a given political system through continuous and ever-growing acts of intervention.
People thus become wedded to the ‘status quo': addicted to often self-defeating redistribution and ‘risk averse' to challenging the structure itself. But to break this vicious cycle, we need not wait for tragedies like bombs and earthquakes: we need only to tip the world towards letting a thousand nations bloom. A few good seeds can swing the behavioral scales in our favor.
Shrinking food is a growing trend. Everything is being downsized into one or two bite meals. Lasagna, Quiches, Pies, Cakes and even Hotdogs have all been miniaturized. Anything tiny weeny is just so cute. Just like when you see a little baby and you say “Ahh you're so cute I wanna eat you!” Maybe with foods we have the same instinct.
I happen to LOVE minis. A display of an assortment of minis looks so pretty and appetizing. You can just grab one and pop it into your mouth, causing no mess and no need for utensils. My favorite part is that you can eat a variety of different foods in one meal. I have such a hard time ordering at a restaurant because I always want to try everything.
My Husband on the other hand HATES minis. A couple of years ago we went to the yearly Food and Wine event at the Herzog Winery. They had all these delicacies along with their wine. Hundreds of people attended the event, and they served a variety of these mini foods; Mini tacos, mini sliders, mini ravioli, even mini terrines. Of course my girlfriends and I were so excited to taste all the different foods, and wines. As we waited in line to taste the food, Daniel was complaining how pissed he was to wait in a line for a cherry sized piece of meat. The only thing that night that wasn't mini, was his appetite.
The minis phenomenon originated from White Castle. They started to make mini hamburgers as an effort to make a low-cost product. Minis have come along way, as they are now the “upscale” way to eat. They are more expensive because they are more difficult to make due to time consumption.
I would love to hear your thoughts regarding the mini food craze…
In a food processor pulse cilantro, parsley, garlic, scallions, jalapeno and lemon about 10 times. Slowly add the oil and pulse 5 times. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Poke the steak a few time with a fork, and rub 3/4 of the Chimichurri sauce all over the steaks. Refrigerate and let it marinate for at least an hour.
In a pan heat 1 tablespoon oil on a medium high heat. Place steaks in the pan and cook for 3 min on each side. To make the pin wheel, cut the steak in a long strip and roll it into a pin wheel. Poke a wooden stick through to hold.
Mini Hamburger Buns
How cute are these Quail eggs??? They were seriously impossible to find. I was going to order them on Amazon, but then I found them at a specialty food store called Plum Market in West Bloomfield. They get deliveries on Monday and are sold out by Wednesday. I put them on hold and rushed to get them. 🙂
Spread the reserved Chimichurri sauce on each bun than top with the steak and fried egg.
The mini Steaks would DEFINATELY not do it for daniel, so I just left the Rib Eye whole. I do not want to hear Daniel complaining that HUNNY SHRUNK THE FOOD!
In a pan bring the vegetable stock and 1 tbsp oil to a boil.
Slowly add in the polenta, it will thicken so keep stirring for 3 minutes.
Transfer the polenta to a lightly oiled tray lined with parchment paper. Then place another lightly oiled piece of parchment on top.Using a another tray press down on the polenta to ensure an even surface. Refrigerate for 3-6 hours allowing the polenta to firm.
Cut the polenta into 1.5cm x 10cm strips.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees and bake for 25 to 30. They should come out crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
STEAK SLIDERS
Ingredients
1/4 cup fresh cilantro
1/4 tbsp fresh parsley
2 garlic cloves
2 scallions
1/2 Jalapeno
1 tbsp freshly squeezed lemon juice
3 tbsp Canola oil
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
2 lbs skirt steak/rib eye
12 mini hamburger buns
12 Quail Eggs fried (sunny side up)
Instructions
In a food processor pulse cilantro, parsley, garlic, scallions, jalapeno and lemon about 10 times. Slowly add the oil and pulse 5 times. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Poke the steak a few time with a fork, and rub 3/4 of the Chimichurri sauce all over the steaks. Refrigerate and let it marinate for at least an hour. In a pan heat 1 tablespoon oil on a medium high heat. Place steaks in the pan and cook for 3 min on each side. Spread the reserved Chimichurri sauce on each bun than top with the steak and fried egg. BAKED POLENTA FRIES Ingredients 1 cup Polenta
3 cups Vegetable broth (I strain 3 cups of broth from my Hearty Vegetable Soup Recipe)
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
Black pepper to taste Instructions In a pan bring the vegetable stock and 1 tbsp to a boil. Slowly add in the polenta, it will thicken quickly so keep stirring for 3 minutes. Transfer the polenta to a lightly oiled tray lined with parchment paper. Then place another lightly oiled piece of parchment on top. Using a another tray press down on the polenta to ensure an even surface. Refrigerate for 3-6 hours allowing the polenta to firm. Cut the polenta into 1.5cm x 10cm strips. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees and bake for 25 to 30. They should come out crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The Kosher Connection, an informal group of creative kosher food bloggers from all around the world, proudly present our monthly kosher recipe challenge. Each month we will present you with recipes on a different theme from all the kosher food bloggers. This month is Miniatures! Follow our recipes on Twitter with #KosherRecipes. Please click on the link below, thanks.
Advertisements
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
On any given day, Immigration and Customs Enforcement keeps at least 34,000 immigrants locked up while they wait for their cases to be heard in immigration court. Many of these detainees are incarcerated not because they are dangerous or likely to skip their court dates, but because ICE must meet an arbitrary quota set by Congress. This quota, which is often referred to as the “detention-bed mandate,” is a disgrace and should be eliminated. Ad Policy
The quota is written into the federal law that appropriates funding for ICE. Congress requires the agency to “maintain a level of not less than 34,000 detention beds” at any given time. The quota was first enacted in 2007, and it appears yet again in the 2015 appropriations bill currently pending in the House of Representatives.
The quota is unprecedented. No other federal or state agency is required by law to detain a specific number of people without any regard to whether the quota makes sense from a law-enforcement perspective. Indeed, the quota is so excessive that it has been criticized by the very immigration authorities charged with enforcing it. At a congressional hearing in April 2013, then–Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano argued that ICE should be detaining people “according to public-safety threats, level of offense…ot an arbitrary bed number.”
For the 2015 fiscal year, the Department of Homeland Security has asked Congress to lower the quota to 30,539 beds. But even that number is too high: immigration detainees have not been convicted of any crime, and many are eventually released and allowed to stay in this country. They should not be languishing for months—sometimes even years—in detention facilities. Detainees who are considered a flight risk can be outfitted instead with electronic ankle bracelets, which are a cheaper and more humane means of ensuring that they will show up for their hearings. Incarceration should be reserved for threats to public safety or national security, as determined by the DHS. Congress should not be setting a quota at all.
The persistence of this detainee quota is less surprising in light of the fact that for-profit private prisons hold more than half of all immigration detainees. When I was the district attorney of Manhattan, my goal was to lower our case load by reducing crime. But private-prison companies have no incentive to keep immigrants out of detention, because these companies get paid per bed. Even a small reduction in the quota would be a hit to their bottom line. That is why they have poured money into campaign contributions and lobbying efforts. One private-prison company, for instance, spent more than $13 million between 2005 and 2013 on lobbying.
Immigrant detention has become a huge business. It costs a staggering $2 billion a year to incarcerate enough people to satisfy the quota—a figure that represents approximately 40 percent of ICE's $5.3 billion budget for fiscal year 2014. Put another way, the cost of the quota is equal to the entire annual budget of the Drug Enforcement Administration.
As a policy matter, spending so much money on detaining immigrants is foolish because detention does nothing to reduce the number of people who flee to the United States in search of a better life. People are less likely to leave their own country when they see its economy improving and their quality of life rising. Indeed, a significant portion of the $3.7 billion that President Obama recently requested for detention facilities and border police to counter the flow of unaccompanied children from Central America—as well as some of the $2 billion that goes to detain immigrants—could be used more intelligently on resources to support and improve life in struggling countries like El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. We must strike a better balance between spending on necessary border security and on equally essential aid to these countries.
I have been trying hard to raise awareness of the detainee quota because, as I've discovered, many people do not even know that it exists. Because of this fact, the quota has so far managed to avoid public outrage and continue in existence, thanks mainly to the money and efforts of self-interested private-prison operators and right-wing advocates of treating immigrants harshly.
However, the public's blissful ignorance regarding the quota does not excuse Congress from doing the right thing and getting rid of it. Eliminating the detention-bed mandate would not require expert draftsmanship or lengthy hearings: the House and Senate could simply hold an up-or-down vote on whether to strip it from the 2015 appropriations bill.
Until Congress ends the detainee quota, law enforcement should simply ignore it. There are serious doubts about the legality and constitutionality of forcing ICE to detain 34,000 people irrespective of whether the agency believes that it can justify each detention. All three branches of government are responsible for interpreting and upholding the Constitution, including the executive branch. This means that DHS officials, lawyers and immigration judges have both the legal and moral obligation to avoid enforcing the detainee quota.
"It's a free country."
That's a popular saying—and true in many ways. But for a free country, America does ban a lot of things that are perfectly peaceful and consensual. Why is that?
Here are some things you can't do in most states of the union: rent your body to someone for sex, sell your kidney, take recreational drugs. The list goes on. I'll discuss American prohibitions tonight at 8 and 11 p.m. Eastern time (and again on Friday at 10) on my Fox Business program.
The prohibitionists say their rules are necessary for either the public's or the particular individual's own good. I'm skeptical. I think of what Albert Camus said: "The welfare of humanity is always the alibi of tyrants." Prohibition is force. I prefer persuasion. Government force has nasty unintended consequences.
I would think that our experience with alcohol prohibition would have taught America a lesson. Nearly everyone agrees it was a disaster. It didn't stop people from drinking, but it created new and vicious strains of organized crime. Drug prohibition does that now.
The prohibitionists claim that today's drugs are far more dangerous than alcohol.
But is that true? Or is much of what you think you know ... wrong?
I believed the Drug Enforcement Administration's claim that drugs like crack and meth routinely addict people on first use.
But Jacob Sullum, who wrote Saying Yes, says, "If you look at the government's own data about patterns of drug use, it clearly is not true."
The data is remarkable: 8.5 million Americans have tried crack, but there are only 359,000 regular users. (The government defines "regular use" as using a drug at least once in the past 30 days.) More than 12 million tried meth, but only 314,000 still take it. The story is similar for heroin. Most people who try these "instantly additive drugs" do not get "hopelessly addicted." They give them up on their own.
As Sullum puts it: "The vast majority of people who use illegal drugs do not become heavy users, do not become addicts; it does not disrupt their lives. In fact, I would argue it enhances their lives. How do we know that? Because they use it."
But on the news, we constantly see people whose lives have been destroyed by drugs. Sullum says: "When you have prohibition, the most visible users are the ones who are most antisocial, most screwed up. They're the ones who come to the attention of the police. ... People who present themselves as experts on drug use because they come into contact with all these addicts have a very skewed perspective because they are seeing a biased sample. The people who are well adjusted, responsible users are invisible."
My prohibition show will also touch on prostitution. I want ratings—I admit it. Former prosecutor Wendy Murphy says prostitution is "sexual slavery."
I think calling it slavery is an insult to those who've suffered real slavery. Slavery is force. Prostitution is consensual. On my show, I'll let a former "sex worker" and the prosecutor fight it out.
The prohibitionists also ban the sale of human organs. You aren't allowed to sell a kidney to someone who will die without one. Sally Satel, a physician who is the recipient of a kidney and the author of When Altruism Isn't Enough, says, "Altruism ... is a beautiful virtue, but tomorrow at this time 13 people will be dead because they didn't get a kidney."
In a free country, we're consenting adults should be able to do whatever we want with our bodies as long as we don't hurt anyone else. People who don't like what we do have every right to complain about our behavior, to boycott, to picket, to embarrass us. Bless the critics. They make us better people by getting us to think about what's moral. Let them mock and shame. But shaming is one thing -- government force is another. Prohibition means we empower the state to send out people with guns to force people to do what the majority says is moral. That's not right.
And it doesn't even work.
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network. He's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth, Lies, and Downright Stupidity. To find out more about John Stossel, visit his site at johnstossel.com.
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS, INC.
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Accenture is now 50% transitioned to The New of cloud and digital services. But the Trump administration's failure to deliver on public sector reform is taking a toll.
Wall Street is a fickle beast. Earlier in the week Oracle's market valluation soared to an all-time high of $200 billion on the back of analyst perception that the firm had passed a cloud tipping point.
Yesterday Accenture turned in good numbers and announced that over half of its business now comes from digital and cloud – and saw its market cap tumble!
Net revenue rose to $8.87 billion from $8.43 billion in the third quarter ended 31 May, but net income fell to $669.5 million from $897.2 million a year earlier. In addition, Wall Street was deflated by cautionary sales outlook from the consulting and outsourcing giant, particularly in relation to the US healthcare market.
CEO Pierre Nanterne remains committed to the transition to The New – Accenture-speak for cloud and digital, as well as security services:
Our ascension to these new high growth areas, the differentiation of our capabilities in the market, and the diversity of our business have enabled us to continue to gain significant market share. The need to go digital remains a top priority for clients and we are investing aggressively to drive innovation and deliver digital transformation.
It's all about expanding the Accenture footprint and the addressable C-suite audience, explains Nanterme:
Given the depth and breadth of all services, it is our ambition to increase the coverage of the leaders we might serve with clients from the CEO, the CFO, the COO, the CIO, now the Chief Digital Officer with the launch of Accenture Digital. There are new leaders under this terminology and we want to be the top choice for the newly appointed CDOs which should be a quite natural act. We have all the business in the different parts of the business. So if I am looking at Accenture, we have now settled with the five businesses. We have in these businesses all the activities such as analytics, interactive, mobility, cloud, security.
A case in point is around digital marketing, he says, pointing to the work of Accenture Interactive to deliver improved customer experience:
As an illustration with Carnival, the cruise operator we are helping develop a new platform using wearable technology, the Internet of Things (IoT) and analytics to transform the guest experience with intelligent customerization. Carnival will be able to anticipate every passengers preferences, likes, and needs.
The IoT on a wider scale is also seen a growth opportunity, he adds:
Increasingly the work we do is enabled more and more by new IT including automation, robotics, and intelligent platforms. We are helping a global healthcare company embrace digital across its entire enterprise, ultimately using Accenture myWizard, our intelligence automation platform to improve application quality and productivity. We are working with the US Transportation Security Administration to modernize the enterprise applications using Agile and DevOps software development.
He adds:
We are working extremely hard as you know at Accenture on robotic automation and bringing intelligent capabilities to significantly improve our productivity especially where we have large-scale operations so with technology and in operations…Clearly the big game on this is to accelerate our investments in robotic automation and intelligent services.
The trick here is to make sure that Accenture gets into the game at the earliest possible stage. The firm has seen its early digital shift pay off. Can the same trick be pulled off in IoT and robotics? Nanterme argues:
As with all services, you have a kind of maturity curve where you are starting with more pioneering strategy, consulting-rich programs, kind of prototyping in the early phase of the maturity curve. What we see is now all these New capabilities – interactivity, mobility, identity, cloud, security – soon come into traffic, Artificial Intelliegence, Blockchain, Immersive Reality and certainly in the near future quantum computing. All of these New capabilities are getting more mature, are driving bigger programs, and as we are moving from small prototyping to bigger programs, suddenly it is expanding in several service lines from strategy to consulting., but as well to technology and to operations. This business is maturing very well at Accenture with a positive effect in all our five businesses if you will and indeed we see bigger deals which is a sign of the market maturing.
Trump and Brexit
All that's to come. For the moment, Accenture's ‘traditional' public sector business is a victim of the new regime in Washington where the Trump administration is talking up reform, but hasn't yet delivered on the detail. This is creating a log-jam, says Nanterme:
There is an expectation that indeed the new administration will launch critical reforms in order to boost the business and economy growth. And [of] this economic reform probably I would say the ones which are the most important [are] the healthcare reform, the tax reform, the trade reform and anything linked to the infrastructure investments. All of these four were the ones supposed to indeed unleash more growth for the business so the business could invest and drive more growth. And by driving more growth and driving more investment we would have a positive impact. The fact of the matter is that we [haven't seen] this to be honest. Three months ago…we believed that these four reforms would happen reasonably rapidly in the US. And the fact of the matter is they are not yet being announced or executed. So we are in this zone where the business is still waiting, it's still positive but waiting for these reforms to happen, to invest and [this] has a negative effect
To counter this, Nanterme sees less uncertainty in Europe, despite the onset of Brexit-negotiations and potential upheaval in other major economies:
We have a good prospect that probably Germany might re-elect Angela Merkel so it's a poll of stability. I guess, the election of Emmanuel Macron in France has been recognized and celebrated by the market, because he is pro-European which has created a very positive impact around whether Europe will disappear or not. I think Germany and France are being extraordinary for business, recreating a very solid coalition. The Brexit thing is moving at its pace but we know it is going to happen. So it's not an uncertainty. The uncertainty is what exactly [it will be] – is it going to be hard, soft, gentle?
My take
It's interesting that it's the US public sector reforms that are proving a pain for Accenture, particularly around healthcare, rather than Brexit-induced uncertainties in Europe. Nanterme is right to highlight the 50% of revenues now coming from The New. That's no mean ahievement for a 44 year old company that ten years ago was associated with big ticket outsourcing and never-ending ERP implementations.
Image credit - Accenture
VANCOUVER (The News Desk) — Showing visible signs of strain and frustration only 20 minutes into a Thursday morning lecture, UBC economics professor Joseph Pringle struggled to explain what money is to students in his 300-level economics class on monetary theory.
“Who can tell me about the last time they used money to pay for something? Anyone?” Pringle asked his students.
“Okay. Let's imagine that you have $500. No? Too abstract? Okay then, let's imagine that you have a steady source of income. Income — like from a job. No?”
Sources reported that Pringle was unable to think of a single example of money that students could understand.
“Money? Like, these rectangular pieces of paper that I'm holding? No?” said an agitated Pringle, throwing $10 bills at his class.
Some of Pringle's students said that while they understood the concept of money in the abstract, they had not yet grasped its real-world implications.
“What is money? Where does it come from? What does it look like? I'm not entirely sure at the moment,” said third-year economics student Greta Hook. ♦
If you liked this, like our Facebook page!
The number of Chinese researchers making a list of the most highly cited authors worldwide has gone up by more than a third in just a year.
According to the latest edition of the Highly Cited Researchers List, produced by Clarivate Analytics, China now ranks behind only the US and UK in terms of the countries with the most entries in the annual publication.
The list features more than 3,000 researchers, in 21 fields, who produced a “notable” number of highly cited papers in Clarivate's Web of Science database over the period 2005-2015.
Authors are selected on the basis of “consistent production” of highly cited papers – defined as those that rank in the top 1 per cent by citations for field and publication year – to allow early career researchers to be considered as much as established names.
Researchers from the US continue to be the most represented in the list, with almost half of all the entries being affiliated with organisations, including research institutes and universities, in the nation.
In total, the US had more than 1,600 entries, a 13 per cent increase on last year, with the UK second, being responsible for almost 350 entries. However, China is gaining fast: its representation in the list has jumped 34 per cent compared with last year, giving it almost 240 entries.
In the category of engineering, a subject that China has been heavily focusing on for research, the country has the most entries with 51, way ahead of the US on 26. It is also second only to the US for representation in some fields, including computer science and materials science.
David Pendlebury, a senior citation analyst at Clarivate Analytics, said that China's rise in publication output was a well-known trend but “what we are now seeing is [its] increasing presence among most cited authors and papers, especially in the physical sciences”.
“China's output of materials science papers is now more than twice that of the US, and it is capturing a greater and greater share of top cited papers in the field. In some fields China has not only caught up, but it is now powering ahead.”
In terms of institutions in China, the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS) is most represented, with 45 entries on the list. The institution also comes fourth in the world behind Harvard University in top spot (109 entries), Stanford University (64 entries) in second and Germany's Max Planck Society (47) in third.
Meanwhile, Clarivate also released its latest list of researchers who, in recent years, have published multiple papers that have been rapidly accumulating citations, known as “Hot Papers”.
The current list features 21 researchers who, since 2014, have each published at least 14 Hot Papers, according to citations data running up until the end of last year.
Clarivate says that two “dominant” research themes have emerged in recent editions for this list: cancer genomics and the development of solar power using the mineral perovskite.
Sharing top spot for researchers with the most Hot Papers are Michael Grätzel, professor of physical chemistry at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, and Henry Snaith, professor of physics at the University of Oxford, who both appear as authors on separate batches of 29 papers on perovskite solar cells.
Both academics are also among 147 authors in the Highly Cited Researchers List who appear across more than one field, with Professor Grätzel authoring highly cited papers in four separate fields and Professor Snaith in three.
Scientists with most multiple ‘Hot Papers'
Name Institution Field Number of Hot Papers Michael Grätzel École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne Materials 29 Henry J. Snaith University of Oxford Physics/Materials 29 Eric S. Lander Broad Institute Genomics 21 Gad Getz Broad Institute Genomics 21 Mohammad K. Nazeeruddin École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne Materials 20 Stacey B. Gabriel Broad Institute Genomics 20 Sam Stranks University of Cambridge Materials 17 Peng Shi University of Adelaide Systems and Control Theory 17 Ahmedin Jemal American Cancer Society Epidemiology 16 Caroline Robert Institut Gustave-Roussy Dermatology/Oncology 16 Kuo-Chen Chou Gordon Life Science Institute Genetics/Bioinformatics 16
Source: Clarivate Analytics
simon.baker@timeshighereducation.com
Boston shocked the NBA landscape twice within a two-week period last summer, first dealing Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce to Brooklyn, and then hiring Brad Stevens seemingly out of nowhere as Doc Rivers's replacement. No one seemed to even know Stevens was a candidate, or that the Celtics were interested. Boston broke the news itself, a rarity in the Twitter age, even though Butler University's website jumped the gun by a few minutes with a press announcement nobody noticed.
Stevens is already an improbable Coach of the Year candidate, having guided an allegedly tanking squad to the top of the Atlantic Division (don't laugh) behind a stingy defense thriving despite lacking any rim protection. Stevens spent some time with Grantland on Tuesday as the Celtics prepared for the Pierce/KG reunion in Brooklyn.
Was there a “Come to Jesus” talk with Jordan Crawford? Did you sit him down and tell him how he'd have to play in order to save and prolong his NBA career? There must have been a frank conversation.
I never had it.
Really?
It was more about talking collectively about: “What do we all do well?” And then thinking about what our teammates on the floor do well, and how we all can make them better at what they do. There are very few guys in the NBA who don't have things they don't do well. Some of the better players don't have very many, but everybody is here because they have a strength. So you just try to find your strengths and soar with them.
[Crawford] has done a good job of recognizing his strengths and recognizing his teammates' strengths.
There was really no conversation? Did he pipe up and tell you he could play this distributor role?
The only thing I wanted to make sure he knew from my standpoint was that it's a fresh start — that we believe in him. I had seen him be almost unstoppable in college [at Xavier], in a game I coached against him. I knew he was a tough shot-maker. The other thing I knew was, he's not scared of the moment. I watched him play us, but also watched him play Kansas State [in the 2010 tournament] from the front row, because we were gonna play the winner. And he made huge shots. And in the NCAA tournament, in that tense of an atmosphere, that takes a lot of guts.
I've been told to ask you to identify the funniest thing Crawford has said to you this season.
[Laughs.] He hasn't been a comedian! He's been pretty serious.
I didn't mean to say he hasn't been serious! He's just a funny dude.
He's received us really well. I can't think of anything funny that he's said — at least to me.
Going from a 35-second shot clock to a 24-second clock …
Much different. All it means is that you have to get into your stuff sooner.
That's what I was curious about: How much different is it, really? Is a college possession just a longer NBA possession, with time and flexibility to add a few more counters and actions in at the end? Or is there something qualitatively different about what you can do?
There's a chance for an extra counter [in college] if you start quickly, or you can take the other approach, and do action after action, and finally into the main action.
Like, 20 seconds of misdirection and decoy stuff?
More misdirection. And you can't do that here. We had a continuity at Butler that might take 24 seconds every time. And you can't do that, obviously. You have to get to your action quicker. And you have to put your guys in a position right away to have success. And these guys have done a great job of finding those spots. Our offense has gotten better in the last eight games.
I noticed a recent uptick.
Thankfully. [Laughs.]
What has changed?
It's a little bit of the guys, they understand each other better. They are playing confidently, and they should be. They've earned that. And that's about it. The scheme is nothing to write home about. The guys have embraced it and are doing it well.
I've noticed you own a lot of green ties.
Ha!
Did you have a lot of green ties before? Do they come with this job? Do they just appear on your desk?
Let's put it this way: I haven't bought one.
So the team buys them!
It's not them! It's not the Celtics. Some come in the mail, somebody delivers it. Actually, that's not true: I bought one for the press conference. But that was because we were flown to Boston on July 4, and we needed a green tie. But other that, we haven't bought one.
Which Celtics legend were you most nervous-slash-excited to meet?
I've met them, and it's probably not fair to single out one. The one I've spent the most time with, that I just thoroughly enjoy, is Tommy Heinsohn. His insights are really, really good. He's not just the analyst around us. He's a former player, former coach, a deep-thinking guy.
His, umm, announcing style must clash with your clear-headed, analytic approach to basketball, though, right?
I don't know about his announcing style. I know this: I love his passion for the Celtics, and I love the way he speaks positively about all of our guys.
That's certainly true.
He started that with me, from day one. So that's not just when he's doing the analyst stuff.
What's the highest-level math class you ever took? I mean, did you take AP Calculus in high school?
I must have.
I'm always curious about people portrayed as math guys or stats guys.
That's all been overhyped and overrated. I do think in numbers. My mind works that way. I was an [economics] major. I'm not sure I could tell you which line is supply and which one is demand right now. That was 15 years ago. But I never took, like, the college-level junior year math.
I mean, people ask me if I'm a “math guy” because I used advanced stats. I got a 3 on the AP Calc exam in high school and never took a high-level math class again.
Yeah, yeah. That's the way I am. But that is the way my mind works.
You've made one massive change from how Doc Rivers coached. On his Boston teams, the big man guarding screeners on pick-and-rolls would jump out aggressively on those plays — really attack the point guard above the 3-point arc. You're having the big guys on this team drop back more consistently than almost any team in the league. Have you always been a “drop” guy? Or is it just something you thought would fit this team?
I've never dropped in my life. Thirteen straight years of hard showing and blitzing.
What changed?
Looking at what I thought would be most effective long term, in large part because of study, and because of hiring a guy like [lead assistant] Ron Adams, and listening to what he thought was the best bet for our team. That was really hard for me. You're coming into a new situation, and you're not coaching what you're comfortable with. It's a double whammy. But Ron is really good at it, and [assistants] Jamie [Young] and Jay [Larranaga] have been here. Walter [McCarty] has been here in the NBA as a coach and a player. The more we looked at it, and the more we looked at our team, we just thought it was a good thing. Our guards can get into the ball, and our bigs are really bright on the back line covering for one another.
You mentioned studies. What did you look at, and what did you see that wasn't Boston-centric?
I was more interested in what's Boston-centric. It's not perfect. We have to be able to blitz, or show, when we need to. But it has been good for us so far.
Adam Silver said the other day he's interested in the idea of eliminating divisions. You guys currently lead the Atlantic Division, which isn't a very good division right now. Do you support the idea of scrapping them?
I have no idea, because I haven't been in it long enough. But I think that, like anything else, you're gonna have years when things are up, and [years when] things are down. But that doesn't mean 22 games, that we're all fully defined yet, either. That's one of the things we try to talk to our guys about: Just because somebody has an expectation for you, that doesn't mean you have to live up to it — good or bad. You have to get as good as you can be.
Jared Sullinger is shooting 3s now …
I like it.
Was that an organizational decision? Did he push for it? Did you? Danny Ainge?
I've always been a guy that if you can shoot 3s, you need to shoot 3s. It extends the defense, especially when you've got a guy that can play an undersize 5 roles. There are times when he's not going to be able to score as easily on the block, simply because of length. And so, his versatility will become facing up and shooting 3s. I saw him play in high school and in open gym, and I remember calling Thad [Matta, current Ohio State coach, former Butler coach] on the way home and saying, “I never knew he could shoot like that.” And that was five or six years ago. And now he's still shooting like that.
The traditionalists grumble at that kind of thing. I think Mike Gorman, your play-by-play guy, needed some winning over. Tommy won him over, I think. Tommy is all gung ho about it now.
I understand that. I'd like to play inside-out first, too.
And you are, right?
We're trying.
I mean, you're near the top of the league in total post-ups.
And [Brandon] Bass is posting up three times as much as he has in the past. At the end of the day, we have to use all of our strengths.
Analytics folks say the post-up, or at least a post-up shot, is a low-efficiency play. But there's a way to reconcile that, right?
There are two ways to get inside-out: driving or posting.
In other words: The post-up is more a vehicle for passing and other shots, rather than necessarily for a post-up shot itself?
It's a vehicle for playing inside-out. That's right.
Have you looked at any information from the SportVU data-tracking cameras yet?
I have not. I get reports on it sometimes from Drew [Cannon, Stevens's longtime analytics guy] and [Boston assistant GM] Mike [Zarren].
Have you learned anything you didn't already know?
Nothing that I've thought was impactful in coaching a team yet. I'm sure there will be, but to me, I haven't found anything that has wowed me yet.
How is practice at this level different from the college level?
We've practiced eight times since the start of the season, so a lot less.
But that's schedule- and travel-related. Are the practices themselves any different? Longer or shorter? More or less physical?
The practice length is the same, and the way we go about practice is very, very similar. It's the way I've always done it at Butler. I've always tapered back once the season started.
Jeff Green's passing numbers, until the last few games, have been disappointing. The Thunder thought he'd develop into a very good passer, but when I watch you guys, he just doesn't seem to read the floor well. Is that something you see him improving?
Yeah. One of the things we're trying to do is have him play more in the pick-and-roll than he has in the past. And you have to realize, this is a guy who has played the majority of his life at [power forward], and he's playing [small forward] almost exclusively. And that transition is a lot harder than going [small forward] to [power forward].
Alex Semin's signing with the Habs came as a surprise to many (myself included), but in many ways he is exactly the kind of player the Montreal Canadiens have been looking for. Not only does he have a terrific track record as a top-six scorer at even strength (excluding his dreadful 2014-15 season), but he also possesses the right-handed one-timer from the low slot which has been the main missing ingredient on the Habs' powerplay. Combined with his puck possession bona fides and an underrated ability to play on the penalty kill, and it is hard to see how the Habs could have gone wrong by offering Semin a one-year, 1.1 million dollar contract.
However, it would be foolish to assume that Semin would fit in seamlessly with the team, and that he would assuredly score 20-25 goals next season. If we look beyond his supposed work ethic issues and ignore the assumption that all Russian players are "enigmatic," we are still left with some very legitimate concerns on whether Semin can become a key contributor for the Habs in 2015-16.
I've gone back and looked at every single goal Alex Semin scored during his career-best 2009-10 season (when he got 40 with the Washington Capitals), and his 22-goal year with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2013-14. I decided to give him a mulligan for last year's six-goal performance, but comparing 2010 and 2014 should give a fair idea of the effect of age on Semin's effectiveness.
In short, what we have here is a great offensive player who is no longer in his prime years, and who will have to rely on accommodating teammates and coaches to make the most of his scoring talent.
1) The Neutral-Zone Weave
First, the bad news. 2010 Semin was one of the most explosive offensive players in the world, playing under a run-and-gun system which allowed him to carry the puck, weave through defenders and unleash his shot at will. 2014 Semin, on the other hand, was a much more predictable player.
Looking at the tape, the biggest difference we notice is that Semin is no longer much of a scoring threat from the right side of the ice. Despite technically playing right-wing, Semin is really much more of a left-winger from the red-line out. Instead of sticking to his side of the ice, the Russian prefers to gather the puck somewhere near his zone, pick up speed through the neutral zone and use the entire width of the ice.
This does two things: 1) it forces opposing defenders to switch coverage, potentially opening up holes which he can exploit later, and 2) it allows Semin to enter the offensive zone with speed, control of the puck, and a better shooting angle.
In 2013-14, Semin scored 14 of his goals off the rush, with a wrist shot. Only two of them came on the right side of the ice.
Most of the goals kind of looked like this:
The video above isn't a perfect example, since the penalty-killers pretty much gave up the blueline and allowed Semin to take his time with the puck. At even strength, he'll have to do the Semin Weave between the red line and the blue line. But you can already see the pattern - he has his head up, finds open ice, and gets himself in a good spot to use his wrist shot. He's not definitely not going to pass.
For a skilled player like Semin, the neutral-zone weave is a great way to create a quality scoring chance. But here we run into the main costs of doing business with him, something that will inevitably get him into trouble with teammates, coaches and fans during his stint in Montreal.
a) Semin will turn the puck over, sometimes.
b) Semin will go offside, a lot.
If at some point his coaches decide that using the whole width of the ice is not worth the risk (I think it almost always is), they might forbid him from using the left side on zone entries and/or demote him to a bottom-six role alongside players like Torrey Mitchell, Dale Weise, Devante Smith-Pelley or Michael Bournival who prefer to play a strictly north-south game. Doing so would be a mistake, as it would only serve to exacerbate the two problems. Also, he'll probably finish the season with six goals, again.
At even-strength, getting him with the right players and allowing him to play to his strengths will go a long way. Pairing him with a responsible and well-rounded centerman like Lars Eller and a creative, like-minded scorer like Max Pacioretty may yield dividends.
2) Powerplay Fit
In 2013-14, Carolina had one of the worst powerplay units in the entire NHL. Semin finished second on the team with six PP goals (Jeff Skinner had 11). He scored four of his six powerplay goals on one-timers from the left side of the ice. The other goals were off wrist shots, also from the left side of the ice.
I've written in the past about why having an extra right-handed forward is so critical to the Canadiens' 1-3-1 powerplay, so I won't repeat myself much here. But one thing Semin has, that P.A. Parenteau never had, is a hard, accurate one-timer from the left side of the ice. Not only is the shot technically flawless, Semin's positioning also increases the probability that his shot will find the back of the net.
But there's a problem. Under Michel Therrien, the Habs have never used four forwards on the powerplay for an extended period of time. Semin has never been much of a grinder in his prime years, and in 2013-14 he scored zero goals off rebounds or deflections. Brendan Gallagher is a more effective net-front presence than Semin, and putting the Russian in the middle of traffic would be doing his skillset a disservice anyway. So he won't bump off a forward on the first unit, and letting that shot release go to waste on 30 seconds' worth of second-wave duty would be a shame.
Ideally, Semin would supplant Jeff Petry on the first powerplay unit. In the 1-3-1 formation, Alex Galchenyuk would be the playmaker below the goal line, Semin is the pure shooter on the left sideboard, Gallagher is the "hole guy" in the middle of the slot, Pacioretty is a shooting/passing option on the right sideboard, and P.K. Subban would hold the fort and offer another right-handed one-timer option from the top of the point.
If the coaching staff goes with the above five-man group for the first unit, it would allow them to roll David Desharnais, Zack Kassian, Tomas Plekanec, Andrei Markov and Nathan Beaulieu on the second unit. The great thing about this setup, is that they could be coached to do the exact same thing as the first unit, but mirrored. Markov and Plekanec would shoot off the lateral feeds, and the opposing defense would face a tall task in flipping their defensive coverage depending on who is on the ice.
But of course, first the coaches would have to get Semin on the ice and let him play to his strengths. And that's half the battle.
Jack Han is the Video & Analytics Coordinator for the McGill Martlet Hockey team. He also writes occasionally about the NHL for Habs Eyes on the Prize. You can find him on Twitter or on the ice at McConnell Arena.
Who would have thought that Henry VIII had a maternal uncle whom he loved very much. He once said that Arthur had the kindest heart of anyone he knew.
Arthur Plantagenet was Elizabeth of York's illegitimate half-brother. His mother was Elizabeth Lucie or Lucy or possibly Wayte. Thomas More describes her as a naïve girl who believed Edward IV's blandishments. There were other mistresses and other children. History has not provided a clear list of which children belong to which mother or how long Edward's various relationships lasted or indeed whether he was pre-contracted to any of them before his marriage to Elizabeth Woodville.
In any event, young Arthur was born in Calais and is mentioned in an exchequer account of 1477 – assuming that Edward didn't have any other natural male sons kicking around Calais at that time, and then vanishes into historical mist and fog for a time or, depending upon which source you read, is brought up in Edward IV's court. He emerges after the difficulties of 1483-1485 in Elizabeth of York's household. On her death he moved into Henry VII's household. He then appears to have been inherited by his half-nephew in 1509. He became an ‘esquire of the king's bodyguard,' and was apparently much loved by Henry – a dangerous position to hold as poor Arthur came to recognize.
In 1511 he married Elizabeth Dudley the widow of Henry VII's tax collector. The position of husband having fallen vacant because young Henry VIII had executed his father's two foremost tax collectors in a move guaranteed to win friends and influence people. Elizabeth also happened to be the daughter of Edward Grey, Viscount Lisle (who just happened to be the younger brother of John Grey of Groby who was married to Elizabeth Woodville prior to his death at the Second Battle of St Albans in 1461- making for a very complicated family tree.) Now would probably also be a good time to mention the fact that Elizabeth Grey is Robert Dudley's granny – which just makes things even more incestuous when you consider Elizabeth I's interested in that young man.
Back to Arthur: he turns up in the records on 8 February 1513 having obtained protection from his creditors- he seems to have been frequently troubled by there being too much month for his money- on the proviso of going to sea with an expedition to Brittany. The ship in which he sailed had a nasty accident with a rock and he was saved from death by something close to a miracle. Understandably he took himself off on a holy pilgrimage to Walsingham to give thanks for his safe return from the sea.
His experience didn't stop him from returning to Europe where he joined his nephew on his European military adventure culminating in the Battle of the Spurs which was more of a skirmish than a battle whilst the real action was taking place at home on the English Scottish Border – the Battle of Flodden.
By the following year Arthur, who was in Henry's good books, was Sheriff of Hampshire and a captain on the vice-admiral's vessel, the Trinity Sovereign. He turns up at the Field of the Cloth of Gold and was one of the king's carvers. He also seems to have played an important role in the life of young Henry Fitzroy, Henry VIII's natural son by Bessie Blount. In 1524 he became a Knight of the Garter. As is the way of these things he became a widower and remarried in 1528 to Honor Basset née Grenville.
On March 24 1538 he was made Deputy of Calais and then things started to go very wrong. In addition to personal debt; there were the shifting sands of the king's religious preferences and the faith of the locals; keeping Calais's garrison fed and watered; keeping the local elite happy- and they frequently weren't very happy and spent a lot of time trying to stab him in the back; keeping Cromwell informed as well as providing him with a new pet dog (no I'm not making that up – it's all there in Arthur's letters) and then there was keeping his wife happy and ensuring his children received an appropriate education. Ultimately things did not go well – there were simply too many plates to keep spinning. Arthur was summoned back to London in 1540 and sent to the Tower whilst his wife and daughters were kept under house arrest in Calais.
Rumour had it that it was Honor who was the traitor rather than her unfortunate spouse – whatever the case it seems to be agreed by Bishop Foxe (who didn't like her- suspecting that she was a closet Catholic) and another chronicler that she lost her senses and never fully recovered them as a consequence of Arthur's arrest and imprisonment.
Unfortunately for Arthur there was a plot. His chaplain, Gregory Botolph had come up with the idea of handing Calais over to the Pope in the person of Cardinal Pole, who was of course, a Plantagenet and Arthur's cousin. Margaret Pole, Countess of Salisbury styled Arthur ‘cousin' in her correspondence a fact which Henry VIII must have been aware. By now the Tudor monarch was ageing and vicious. Being a Plantagenet had become exceedingly dangerous to one's health as Margaret Pole was to discover. Botolph managed to evade capture even though an act of attainder was passed against him. He evaded the king's wrath, unlike his fellow conspirators – Edmund Brindholme, Clement Philpot and Adam Damplip- who presumably paid the full price for their treason – though I need to find confirmation of that.
There was no direct evidence against Arthur. So naturally he was released? Er, actually – no, he wasn't. Arthur remained a prisoner in the Tower until 1542. It seems unfair that Arthur should have been rounded up as a consequence of Botolph's misdemeanours as Arthur had spent considerable time and effort trying to get his chaplain a living, first in Lowestoft and then in Kettlebarston in Suffolk as demonstrated in his various letters. It seems even more unfair that Arthur who had served the Tudors most loyally should have been so poorly treated. At the beginning of Henry VIII's reign a family member could be looked upon with warmth, especially one who could never make a claim on the throne because of his illegitimacy but by 1540 Henry VIII had contemplated forwarding the claims of his own illegitimate son so the bar-sinister wasn't the protection it had once been. Arthur languished in the Tower – Cromwell fell, Katherine Howard was married and discarded, her various lovers executed along with the erstwhile queen.
In March 1541 Honor Plantagenet, Lady Lisle and her daughters were released. Their jewels were returned to them and £900 made available to cover their debts and transport them wherever they wanted. Honor ultimately returned to her home county of Cornwall where she died in 1566.
Arthur remained in the Tower, although he was allowed to walk upon the ramparts. According to one story Arthur saw his nephew sailing along the Thames in the royal barge, shouted and waved at him reminding henry that he'd locked his uncle up and left him there. As you might expect, this is anecdotal and not back by any concrete evidence. Arthur must have thought that things were looking up when his collar of the Garter was restored to him. Two months later Henry VIII sent him a diamond ring via the person of his secretary Sir Thomas Wriothesley– Arthur was possibly so overwhelmed by relief “immoderate joy” was the way that Holinshed phrased it that he had a heart attack. He died in the Tower, of old age rather than a sharp pain in the neck, and was buried there, leaving his wife distraught with grief whilst he himself became a footnote in Ambassador Marillac's letter to Francis I. “Lord Lisle, formerly deputy of Calais, being out of trouble and his Order, honour and goods restored, died a few days afterwards.” (4 March 1542)
Papers were seized in Lisle's house at the time of his arrest – 3,000 of them. They were mainly letters to him and his wife, ranging in date between 1533 and 1540, from ambassadors, princes, governors of French and Flemish frontier towns: he knew them through his role of courtier, politician and Deputy of Calais. There were letters to and from friends and agents in England; including one which suggests that sending Anne Boleyn a pet monkey wasn't one of Arthur's better ideas. There was also letters between him and his wife during visits of one or the other to England. Thomas Cromwell complained about Arthur's letter writing. He said that Arthur wrote trivia that was of no political interest what-so-ever and to please get a grip on his meanderings. Of course, so far as historians are concerned they couldn't disagree more. The Lisle Letters are one of the most important collection of Tudor documents that we have available to us. They can be purchased in six volumes or one abridged selection.
As an aside it is worth noting that Arthur's daughter Frances was an ancestress of George Monck who famously, or infamously depending on your viewpoint, fought on both sides of the English Civil War
‘Henry VIII: March 1542, 1-10', in Letters and Papers, Foreign and Domestic, Henry VIII, Volume 17, 1542, ed. James Gairdner and R H Brodie (London, 1900), pp. 62-71 http://www.british-history.ac.uk/letters-papers-hen8/vol17/pp62-71 [accessed 18 January 2016].
Notes and Queries (1926) CLI (aug21): 129-130. doi: 10.1093/nq/CLI.aug21.129.
Plantagenet Ancestry: A Study In Colonial And Medieval Families, 2nd Edition
Fueling the Western paralysis in dealing with radical Islam is the late 20th century doctrine of multiculturalism.
Multiculturalism is one of those buzzwords that does not mean what it should. The ancient and generic Western study of many cultures is not multiculturalism. Rather, the trendy term promotes non-Western cultures to a status equal with or superior to Western culture largely to fulfill contemporary political agendas.
On college campuses, multiculturalism not so much manifests itself in the worthy interest in Chinese literature, Persian history, or hieroglyphics, but rather has become a more therapeutic exercise of exaggerating Western sins while ignoring non-Western pathologies to attract those who see themselves in some way as not part of the dominant culture.
It is a deductive ideology that starts with a premise of Western fault and then makes evidence fit the paradigm. It is ironic that only Western culture is self-critical and since antiquity far more interested than other civilizations in empirically investigating the culture of the other. It is no accident that Europeans and Americans take on their own racism, sexism, and tribalism in a way that is not true of China, Nigeria or Mexico. Parody, satire, and caricature are not Chinese, African, or Arab words.
A multicultural approach to the conquest of Mexico usually does not investigate the tragedy of the collision between 16th-century imperial Spain and the Aztec Empire. More often it renders the conquest as melodrama between a mostly noble indigenous people slaughtered by a mostly toxic European Christian culture, acting true to its imperialistic and colonialist traditions and values.
In other words, there is little attention given to Aztec imperialism, colonialism, slavery, human sacrifice, and cannibalism, but rather a great deal of emphasis on Aztec sophisticated time-reckoning, monumental building skills, and social stratification. To explain the miraculous defeat of the huge Mexican empire by a few rag-tag, greedy conquistadors, discussion would not entail the innate savagery of the Aztecs that drove neighboring indigenous tribes to ally themselves with Cortés. Much less would multiculturalism dare ask why the Aztecs did not deploy an expeditionary force to Barcelona, or outfit their soldiers with metal breastplates, harquebuses, and steel swords, or at least equip their defenders with artillery, crossbows, and mines.
For the multiculturalist, the sins of the non-West are mostly ignored or attributed to Western influence, while those of the West are peculiar to Western civilization. In terms of the challenge of radical Islam, multiculturalism manifests itself in the abstract with the notion that Islamists are simply the fundamentalist counterparts to any other religion. Islamic extremists are no different from Christian extremists, as the isolated examples of David Koresh or the Rev. Jim Jones are cited ad nauseam as the morally and numerically equivalent bookends to thousands of radical Islamic terrorist acts that plague the world each month. We are not to assess other religions by any absolute standard, given that such judgmentalism would inevitably be prejudiced by endemic Western privilege. There is nothing in the Sermon on the Mount that differs much from what is found in the Koran. And on and on and on.
"Anekdote zur Senkung der Arbeitsmoral" ("Anecdote concerning the Lowering of Productivity" in Leila Vennewitz' translation[1]) is a short story by Heinrich Böll about an encounter between an enterprising tourist and a small fisherman, in which the tourist suggests how the fisherman can improve his life.[2] It was written for a May Day programme on the Norddeutscher Rundfunk in 1963, and is considered one of the best stories written by Heinrich Böll.[3]
Plot [ edit ]
The story is set in an unnamed harbor on the west coast of Europe.[1] A smartly-dressed enterprising tourist is taking photographs when he notices a shabbily dressed local fisherman taking a nap in his fishing boat. The tourist is disappointed with the fisherman's apparently lazy attitude towards his work, so he approaches the fisherman and asks him why he is lying around instead of catching fish. The fisherman explains that he went fishing in the morning, and the small catch would be sufficient for the next two days.
The tourist tells him that if he goes out to catch fish multiple times a day, he would be able to buy a motor in less than a year, a second boat in less than two years, and so on. The tourist further explains that one day, the fisherman could even build a small cold storage plant, later a pickling factory, fly around in a helicopter, build a fish restaurant, and export lobster directly to Paris without a middleman.
The nonchalant fisherman asks, "Then what?"
The tourist enthusiastically continues, "Then, without a care in the world, you could sit here in the harbor, doze in the sun, and look at the glorious sea."
"But I'm already doing that", says the fisherman.
The enlightened tourist walks away pensively, with no trace of pity for the fisherman, only a little envy.
Popularity [ edit ]
The story, with its several adaptions, has been circulated widely on the Internet, and has been quoted in many books and scholarly papers.[4][5] In one of the most popular versions, the tourist is an American (an MBA from Harvard in some versions), and the fisherman is Mexican.[6][7]
The story is also part of the syllabi of several universities.[8][9] It is often quoted in texts that discuss the relationship between money and happiness, and has been included in textbooks teaching the German language.[10]
See also [ edit ]
Pyrrhus and Cineas, a philosophical essay by Simone de Beauvoir, which features a similar conversation: Cineas asks Pyrrhus why he doesn't rest now instead of going through all the trouble of conquering empires, when his ultimate plan is to rest after the final conquest. The anecdote originally appeared in Parallel Lives by Plutarch
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
I guess its time for another rant but I'm very tired of the attitude many men have in Western Countries regarding Feminism. If you're a man wishing and hoping that women will get the gist of our issues and will put a halt to the Jihad they are putting on men then I have one suggestion for you all.
Bring a chair.
Folks, we need to get real about the situation, as ugly as it may look to us. To be blunt, women kind WILL NOT put a halt on the attack they have put on us UNTIL it no longer serves their benefit. Well, let me put it another way. They won't stop giving men the gears until doing so serves to their detriment. I know what you're saying, that if you speak enough about our very real and easily seen issues, that women by and large will see what they are doing and stop the unfairness they are pushing in society, right?
Yes, I know that there are women who have seen the light and are assisting in the revocation of feminism, but sadly it seems that they are the exception rather than the rule when it comes to common sense in regards to the situation!! I'm glad that they see where this whole situation will lead us, but sadly I think that while logic brought them over to our side, it may be lost on many of our sisters who will sadly have to learn the hard way rather than hear us out.
Heck, if we tell many women the truth and share with them the reality in regards to the Misandry Bubble, they will see the fallacies, which they chase so vociferously and we hope they will call off their misandrous tirade. The truth was shared in a post I had made over a year ago in regards to the situation at hand. As a Canadian and a Torontonian, I'm pleased that the Maple Leafs are doing well this shortened season. However I'm not holding my breath until this season passes and we see how they perform in the future. Just as I'm anxious about the Leafs, I'm telling any man reading this post that they need to be just as anxious about any woman they believe will take up the cause for Men's Rights!!
The reason why the Leafs have been perennially CRAP up until this time is due to one fact even after all these years. That human beings will work harder to keep from LOSING something than to gain ANYTHING. Bluntly, we will bust our @$$es to avoid pain than we will to gain pleasure.
Write that down in your notebooks everyone, this is a major factor in human thought process that I'm sharing with you!!!
As I have posted before, the Toronto Maple Leafs, a professional sports team, has been crap for decades due to the fact that whether they win or lose, they are the most profitable sports team in the NHL. Most teams have to worry about the win and loss column affecting their bottom line. The Leafs, for whatever reason, do not and this affects their choices on and off the ice. This is the very same reason why women by and large care little to nothing about the plight of men. Whether we men keep quiet or scream in the streets, this affects their general lifestyle VERY little so why would many women care?
I know this is hard to hear, it was a very hard lesson for me to accept myself, but it doesn't make it any less true!!!
This is the main reason why ‘talking' to most women about our issues simply devolves into a shouting/shaming match between two forces who aren't listening to the other. Whether this happens online on in person matters little, women do not care for the sole reason as their livelihood is unaffected by our differing viewpoint!! This is also the reason why even after all this time that Feminism really hasn't budged after everything we MRA's have found out and made public to many unsuspecting men.
The reality; you have to hit ‘em where it hurts otherwise you are simply a gnat buzzing by the cow's @$$ before it takes it's tail and swats you. Kate Harding didn't ‘join the team' until the situation forced her hand. Some feminist websites didn't drop their obvious leanings until it didn't serve their purpose to continue in that vein.
If we want more women to join our ranks and realize the issues behind feminism, then we have to show them how continuing their present course will only serve to undermine their own interests. The bottom line is that we are spinning our wheels if we think otherwise.
Omnipitron
Advertisements
Politics
Every other story about Obama's union pals and government employees demanding waivers from the health-care disaster they supported pale in comparison to this one. ObamaCare is all about expanding the power of the Internal Revenue Service – that's the only promise it has actually kept, the only part of the 11,000-page program that's actually working the way it was supposed to. The IRS became as important to health care as any doctor or hospital when ObamaCare was passed, because they are its enforcement arm, and like all central planning schemes, there's a huge amount of enforcing to be done.
And IRS employees want no part of the program they'll be enforcing on everyone else. They know better than to get involved in this train wreck. They like their existing plan, and unlike you, they think they should be able to keep their plan. All that's left now is for the “navigators” hired to shepherd confused Americans through the paperwork maze to unionize and demand a waiver from ObamaCare. I'm not sure if that's sarcasm or prophecy.
From the Washington Examiner:
National Taxpayer Employee Union officials are urging members to write their congressional representatives in opposition to receiving coverage through President Obama's health care law. The union leaders are providing members with a form letter to send to the congressmen that says “I am very concerned about legislation that has been introduced by Congressman Dave Camp to push federal employees out of the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and into the insurance exchanges established under the Affordable Care Act.” The NTEU represents 150,000 federal employees overall, including most of the nearly 100,000 IRS workers.
This is actually fallout from a previous embarrassing “no ObamaCare for us!” spectacle, in which congressional representatives began moaning that they can't possibly retain the gigantic imperial retinue of staffers they deserve, if they have to start managing their offices under the same terms they cheerfully imposed upon private-sector businesses. Rep. Dave Camp (R-MI), chair of the House Ways and Means Committee, introduced a bill that would push every federal worker into the ObamaCare exchanges, the same way Barack Obama is trying to shove every American into the public exchanges. That's where you end up when your employer realizes Obama is offering him cash-money incentives to kill your health care plan, as well as cut your hours back to part-time, if possible.
As ObamaCare gadfly Avik Roy observed at Forbes, there is a melancholy aspect to Camp's legislation, because the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program “has long been considered a model for market-based reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs.”
In the FEHBP, employees get to choose amongst a wide variety of plans offered by private insurers. The employer–the government–then subsidizes about three-fourths of the cost to the employee. The employee can choose a more generous or expensive plan if he wants, but he has to pay for a portion of the difference in price, and vice versa. As a result of this approach, FEHBP plans have organically evolved to contain the benefits and financial features that consumers want. By contrast, any minor change to Medicare requires an act of Congress.
Roy generally agrees with the principle of “ObamaCare for all, or ObamaCare for none” but wishes FEHBP could be kept alive as a model for true reform. “Indeed, if Obamacare had allowed Americans to participate in the same system that federal employees enjoy, it would have been a much better law,” he writes.
I take his point, but really, if ObamaCare is not repealed soon, there's no point in keeping any superior market-based model programs alive. The ObamaCare death spiral will involve progressively less market choice, as insurance plans continue to disappear, doctors contract their practices, and even hospitals go belly-up (something the Medicare trustees anticipate will begin happening around 2019.) The secret true purpose of ObamaCare is to wipe out private insurance and pave the way for single-payer socialized medicine, which is why every story about the disintegration of the President's scheme includes another group of Americans forced into the public exchanges. The longer this goes on, the less interest anyone at the controls of this train wreck will have in “market-based reforms.” There's no reason to let a few privileged public employees enjoy superior insurance benefits to preserve a museum of What Could Have Been.
I suspect Rep. Camp's resolve will only be strengthened by the news that IRS employees want one of those priceless ObamaCare waivers that most of us can only dream about. “If the Obamacare exchanges are good enough for the hardworking Americans and small businesses the law claims to help, then they should be good enough for the president, vice president, Congress and federal employees,” a spokeswoman said of the Congressman's initiative. That goes double for the government employees who will collecting all those trans-Constitutional “tax penalties” from the rest of us. You want out of this nightmare, IRS employees? I don't blame you a bit. Join the ObamaCare repeal movement.
Twitter has suspended The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi news website, from their platforms, joining a list of technology companies that have refused to host the site.
When The Hill attempted to view the Daily Stormer's Twitter account on Wednesday just after noon, it was no longer accessible.
"The Twitter Rules prohibit violent threats, harassment, hateful conduct, and multiple account abuse, and we will take action on accounts violating those policies," a company spokesperson told The Hill via email, regarding the Daily Stormer's suspension. The spokesperson noted that they could not comment on individual accounts.
ADVERTISEMENT
Facebook confirmed to The Hill on Wednesday that it had also been deleting links to the Daily Stormer's site from its platform.
On Tuesday, GoDaddy said it would stop hosting the Daily Stormer's domain after the white supremacist site published an article mocking Heather Heyer, the woman killed while protesting against a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va. The site said that such content was a violation of its terms of service.
The Daily Stormer briefly found a new home using Google's web hosting services but was quickly banned by the company. The Daily Stormer then resorted to establishing a .onion website only accessible on the dark web.
On Wednesday morning, the site announced on Twitter that it would now be hosted by a Russian domain hosting service, allowing users to again access it with mainstream web browsers like Google Chrome and Firefox.
A leaked draft of a House bill to replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) was published Friday by Politico, and it reveals that Republicans are moving towards slashing subsidies and ending the Medicaid expansion—moves that are vastly out of step with the opinions of the American public.
The draft (pdf) reveals that Republicans are hoping to "take down the foundation of Obamacare, including the unpopular individual mandate, subsidies based on people's income, and all of the law's taxes. It would significantly roll back Medicaid spending and give states money to create high risk pools for some people with pre-existing conditions. Some elements would be effective right away; others not until 2020," per Politico's Paul Demko.
The bill would also eradicate the Medicaid expansion that some states enacted when the ACA was first passed in 2010. This means that states that took advantage of federal funds to expand Medicaid would no longer have access to such funds.
Echoing state-level GOP attempts to withhold funds from Planned Parenthood, the law also appears to explicitly ban federal funding for the women's health organization, Business Insider notes: "Under the bill, no funding from the federal government given to the states could be given to any organization that 'provides abortions' except in the cases of rape, incest, or the life of the mother."
Moreover, the legislation would help private insurance companies profit even more than they already do, as it gives in to insurers' desires to force elderly people to pay more for healthcare. It would "charge older customers up to five times as much as their younger counterparts," Demko notes.
"The proposal also includes penalties for individuals who fail to maintain coverage continuously," writes Demko. "If their coverage lapses and they decide to re-enroll, they would have to pay a 30 percent boost in premiums for a year."
[block:block=30]
And instead of subsidies based on income to help low-income people afford costly premiums, the law would give tax credits based on age. A person under 30 would receive a tax credit of $2,000, while someone over 60 would receive double that amount. "A related document notes that HHS Secretary Tom Price wants the subsidies to be slightly less generous for most age groups," Demko reports.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The subsidies will be funded by capping "the tax exemption for employer sponsored insurance at the 90th percentile of current premiums," Demko notes, a plan similar to the proposed "Cadillac tax" pushed by President Barack Obama and opposed by unions and progressives nationwide.
Overall, the plan would cover fewer people than Obamacare—contrary to President Donald Trump's promises. "We're going to have insurance for everybody," Trump told the Washington Post just last month. "There was a philosophy in some circles that if you can't pay for it, you don't get it. That's not going to happen to us."
In fact, the draft demonstrates that the Republican party is woefully out of step with public opinion when it comes to healthcare. The disparity was particularly noticeable as it was released on the same day as polls that showed support for the ACA has never been higher.
A Kaiser Family Foundation poll discovered that a stunning 84 percent of respondents want to keep the Medicaid expansion, and a Pew Research Center poll also revealed majority approval for the ACA for the first time in the law's history. Earlier this week, a Politico poll also found support for the ACA growing.
The Affordable Care Act (aka "Obamacare") has never been more popular with the public than it is right nowhttps://t.co/ZponXpIZGF pic.twitter.com/GVZxzNVL1n — Conrad Hackett (@conradhackett) February 24, 2017
The swelling support for the ACA has coincided with the looming fulfillment of the Republican Party's long-touted promise to repeal and replace the law.
The disparities between the GOP's plans and public sentiment, which has fueled tensions at Republican politicians' town halls across the country, could also add urgency to "Hands Off Our Healthcare" rallies in support of publicly-funded healthcare happening nationwide Saturday.
Interested in fighting back against the GOP plan to dismantle health care? Find a rally near you here.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Second Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Brunei Lim Jock Seng have signed an agreement on the exemption of visa regime for holders of ordinary passports, a Sputnik correspondent reported.
DA NANG (Vietnam) (Sputnik) — "It will be a very good thing that our citizens will be able to travel to each other without formalities… It is important for our relations," Sergey Lavrov said at their bilateral meeting in Vietnam's Da Nang.
In 2016, Russia and Brunei agreed to step up work on the creation of a joint investment fund as well as on cooperation in the areas of energy and defense. The Sultan of Brunei Hassanal Bolkiah noted that these steps would facilitate the implementation of an agreement on easing the visa regime and promote the development of tourism between the two countries.
Lavrov himself has a busy schedule on Wednesday: bilateral talks with his counterparts from New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Brunei. Russia and Brunei signed a treaty on visa-free travel on the sidelines of APEC ministerial meetings. pic.twitter.com/TXro0vJmcM — Denis Bolotsky (@BolotskySputnik) November 8, 2017
© REUTERS / Sputnik/Alexei Druzhinin, Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court Trump Says May Meet Putin at APEC Leaders' Meeting in Vietnam
From November 6-11, the Vietnamese coastal city of Da Nang is hosting the APEC Economic Leaders' Wee k, bringing together high-level delegations from the APEC member states. The Economic Leaders' Week is considered to be one of the main events of Vietnam's APEC 2017 presidency that sums up its efforts throughout the whole year.
APEC is a trade bloc, and according to 2015 data its member nations account for approximately 59 percent of the world's GDP and 49 percent of world trade. Established in 1989, APEC includes 21 members — namely Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Peru, the Philippines, Russia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam.
The 2017 APEC Economic Leaders' Week began on Monday and is expected to last through Saturday.
He watched Arsenal and Chelsea in the Premier League this weekend
Four English clubs - two in the top flight - are in talks with the
Jordanian billionaire Hasan Abdullah Ismaik is planning to add another club to his expanding empire after opening talks with two Premier League clubs.
Ismaik, who owns a 60 per cent stake in 1860 Munich, wants to buy into English football after becoming frustrated with attempts to gain voting control at his struggling German second division club.
The construction magnate, named on the Forbes rich list last year with a personal wealth estimated at more than $2billion, is in talks with four English clubs — two in the Premier League and two in the Championship.
Jordanian billionaire Hasan Abdullah Ismaik was at Arsenal on Monday (right) and wants to invest in England
WHERE TOP-FLIGHT OWNERS ARE FROM England (8) Crystal Palace (Steve Parish), Everton (Bill Kenwright), Newcastle (Mike Ashley), Norwich (Delia Smith & Michael Wynn-Jones — England/Wales), Stoke (Coates family), Tottenham (Joe Lewis), West Brom (Jeremy Peace), West Ham (David Sullivan & David Gold) USA (5) Arsenal (Stan Kroenke), Aston Villa (Randy Lerner), Liverpool (John W Henry) Man Utd (Glazer family), Sunderland (Ellis Short). Russia (2) Bournemouth (Maxim Demin), Chelsea (Roman Abramovich). Wales (1) Swansea (Morgan family) Italy (1) Watford (Gino Pozzo). Switzerland (1) Southampton (Katharina Liebherr). Thailand (1) Leicester (Srivaddhanaprabha family). UAE (1) Man City (Sheik Mansour).
Ismaik has become frustrated with the ownership structure at 1860 Munich and is preparing to buy big in the Premier League.
He was in London this week and told Sportsmail: ‘The difficulties we are facing in Germany mean we are kind of regretting not coming to the UK and we think we should now come and buy a club here and invest in a country where football is so entertaining and passionate.
‘English football is full of big teams with big histories and with an incredible league and great support from the federation for the small teams and investors.
‘There are also the rules that encourage and help investors and give them a hand so that they can make their clubs successful. It might take a month, it might take three years but we are considering investing in a club in England.'
Ismaik saved 1860 Munich from insolvency in 2011, but his voting rights are restricted because of the rules governing teams in Germany. He can only have 49 per cent of the voting rights and there are many people involved in the decision-making process at the club.
Ismaik is ready to pull out and make a play for a club in England after failing to persuade the German authorities to change the rules.
The Jordanian watched the Gunners take a big step in the title race by beating Manchester City
Ismaik was also at Chelsea's game against Sunderland, when the home side bounced back with a 3-1win
He watched Chelsea beat Sunderland on Saturday and Arsenal beat Manchester City on Monday and added: ‘When you think about football you think about the emotion and the culture of football, the fans and the experience of being at the stadium and having fun and the history also.
‘Being somewhere that has all those things is something we want. We want to also be somewhere we are given more respect. We want to own a club where we can move forward, as a team.
‘But, most of all, when you invest in football you want to have fun. It is very healthy to invest in the UK.'
The billionaire owns 60 per cent of German second-tier side 1860 Munich, but wants to expand into England
Is it over? It sounds like it might be over. Kim Davis's fifteen thirty too many minutes of fame might have finally run out. From NBC:
Lawyers for Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis say the marriage licenses issued by her office are binding — and no further action is required by a federal judge to change them. “Marriage licenses are being issued in Rowan County, which [Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear] and Kentucky attorney general have approved as valid, which are recognized by the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and which are deemed acceptable by the couples who received them,” her lawyers said in court filings Tuesday.
A month ago, these same lawyers were fairly adamant that marriage licenses issued while she was in jail, which did not include her signature, were “void,” and vowed to fight them in court. The ACLU had also expressed concerns that the licenses issued by Davis's office after she left court had been illegally altered, and would be vulnerable to court challenges down the road. But now that Davis has gotten her national exposure, meeting with the Pope and martyr award; and now that Liberty Counsel has gotten their national exposure and slate of new clients, they are all willing to give up the fight for their right to discriminate. This, after they had promised to never give up — ever — because doing so would amount to a sinful capitulation to the forces of evil against God's word.
Remember how worried Davis was about “losing her voice” as a Christian activist in a government office? Well, she just gave it up willingly.
So Kim Davis has, in effect conceded that it isn't a Hell-worthy sin for her to preside over an office that issues marriage licenses to same-sex couples. She can keep her job, and gays and lesbians can keep their marriages, and news outlets don't have to send national correspondents to Rowan County, Kentucky every other week.
Throughout this entire process, Kim Davis has had a very simple choice to make: do her job, or resign. She has chosen to do her job, which is great.
An apology for the dignity, time and energy she took from the same-sex couples in her jurisdiction would be nice.
R.I.P. Canadian Comedian and Actor Rick Ducommun
Published Jun 19, 2015
Saskatchewan-born, Vancouver-based comedian and actor Rick Ducommun has passed away due complications from diabetes.In addition to his stand-up career, which saw him release an HBO special in 1989, Ducommun acted in some iconic movies from the '80s and '90s. These include roles in The 'Burbs, Groundhog Day, Gremlins 2: The New Batch, Spaceballs and Little Monsters.Along with his career in entertainment, Ducommun spent his childhood as an avid skateboarder. That passion inspired him to start the iconic Skull Skates company with his brother, Peter Ducommun, in 1978.Ducommun's exact age is not clear — IMDb says he was 58 years old, while the CBC reports him as passing away at 62. He is survived by four children, his ex-wife, two brothers, a sister and his father.
Here in Chicago, the snow is FINALLY starting to melt and I think the spell that was cast by Queen Elsa has been broken. The Disney Frozen movie has made quite an impression on my young girls. A few months ago, my daughter knew she wanted this theme for her 5th birthday party. My daughter favorite character from the movie was Elsa, the Ice Queen. She built her own ice castle and here is the edible version that I created.
The towers come to a sharp point and I used ice cream sugar cones and thin pretzel rods. The tip of the ice cream cones were cut, so the pretzel rod would sit tightly in the top. One tower was trimmed off a bit to make it shorter. I dipped them in white chocolate candy melts, sprinkled them with blue sugar and added a few snowflake sprinkles here and there. I also dipped some small pretzel twists to create a balcony.
I made two layers of cake using a 12″ round pan and two layers using a 6″ round pan. Alternating yellow cake mix and devil's food. Will admit, I love Betty Crocker's boxed cake mixes! I think I had used 4 box mixes, since I was alternating flavors – made a few cupcakes and had a lot of leftover cake. One cupcake came in handy because it elevated the tallest tower perfectly!
Like I said, I love to use boxed cake mixes because they always turn out moist and delicious. However, I DO like to make homemade icing and filling. This cake was frosted using a French Vanilla Icing, which I posted before. It holds up great for constructing a towering cake! The homemade filling was delicious and easy – love it because it is not too sweet.
Strawberry Cream Filling
1 lb. fresh strawberries, washed and diced
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup sugar
1 cup heavy cream
3 tablespoons cornstarch
In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring strawberries, water and sugar to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until a sauce forms. Add heavy cream and whisk in cornstarch one tablespoon at a time. Whisk constantly for approximately 8 minutes until thickened. Remove from heat and cool. Chill before filling a cake.
The cake was pretty simple to assemble. I alternated the cake layers starting with chocolate, than yellow and they were each separated by the Strawberry Cream Filling. The entire cake was iced with the French Vanilla Icing. The chocolate covered cones were placed on top using an upside-down cupcake to elevate the back tower. In front of the 6 inch layers, I placed a Disney Elsa figurine surrounded by the chocolate dipped pretzels which created her balcony. Then placed a few snowflake sprinkles around the sides of the cake and sprinkled white sugar sprinkles on top like glistening snow.
The birthday girl's eyes lit up with a smile from ear to ear when she opened the refrigerator in the morning! She sure was happy and super excited about her party. More party ideas to come…stay tuned!
Advertisements
Trump on the Wall, which deserve each other. Reuters photo.
Given Our National Disgrace's blindly idiotic love of walls, it was only a matter of time before he turned up on an infamous one: Israel's Apartheid Wall. This week, the Trumpster - who once famously claimed, "Walls work - just ask Israel" - appeared twice on the wall in the occupied West Bank that daily afflicts Palestinians, offering an opportunity for new selfies and a bittersweet sliver of comic relief. The new images were a gift from Australian street artist Lushsux - not Banksy as initially rumored, though he worked with him on last year's "Dismaland" - who often trolls celebrities but periodically visits political issues. In an earlier sardonic video titled "What's Up, Palestine," Lushsux filmed piles of garbage before zooming to the Apartheid Wall, where he's scrawled, "Open Borders For Israel."
In one of this week's new images mirroring Trump's farcical visit to the Western Wall, he leans intimately into the wall, with a thought bubble promising, "I'm going to build you a brother." In another, he hugs an IDF watchtower as heart-shaped emojis issue from him alongside the wall's usual angry signs of protest and anguish. Like his lunatic claim that "this beautiful, impenetrable wall will be constructed," both images pay tribute to Trump's persistent belief in stupid, ill-informed, entirely unvetted solutions to complex problems - a belief horribly clear in this week's leaked transcripts of his cringeworthy conversations with Mexican and Australian leaders. Again, he summons the fabulous success of apartheid-torn, internationally despised Israel - "You know, you look at Israel" - to convince Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto of his wisdom in all things. Real quote: "Bibi says the wall works." Oy. Artists and resisters, have at him.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Loving us some colonial totalitarianism. Reuters photo
Meanwhile, on the Palestinian side. AFP/Getty Image
8438 · 1416 comments
In light of some insane comments I've seen regarding the recent Chicago torture, this needs to be said.
923 · 42 comments
Awkward moment during monthly meeting yesterday. I have to remember not everyone uses Reddit.
15.0k · 824 comments
This has been my last 3 days.
452 · 73 comments
Yeah, this is a new low for me.
2388 · 16 comments
Ouch. Ouch. Ouch.
954 · 42 comments
4/20
4108 · 24 comments
As a potty mouth, I'm really ducking appreciate this.
10.2k · 292 comments
I think he was trying to motivate us...
3907 · 136 comments
My coworkers were discussing weight loss, something I have a lot of experience with. This twisted logic...
260 · 31 comments
Kohl's knows it, the cashier knows it, no point in me saying it other than my own satisfaction.
COMMERCE CITY, Colo. — The 2016 battleground map may soon have one less state on it.
With a clear lead in the polls, demographic advantages and a rival who is out of sync with local GOP leaders, Hillary Clinton is beginning to put some distance between her campaign and Donald Trump, raising the prospect that Colorado, a pivotal swing state, is too far gone for Trump to catch up.
Story Continued Below
No one close to the Clinton team is ready to say the state's nine electoral votes are in their column. But with just over three months until Election Day, Clinton and her allies are showing outward signs of self-assurance here by all but cutting Colorado out of their recent ad buys.
For Trump, it's a worrisome sign of a narrowing electoral path to victory. At the outset of the election cycle, the GOP nominee already confronted what appeared to be a Democratic advantage in the Electoral College. The potential loss of a key Western swing state leaves even less margin for error in November, increasing the urgency of winning the big prizes of Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida.
“There are a couple things that would make any supporter of Hillary feel confident; one is that a significant part of the Republican Party in Colorado is a family values party, and they've always had some difficulty accepting Donald Trump as the party's candidate,” said Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper. “That's been exaggerated because one of the other key parts of the Republican identity in Colorado is our very close relationship with the military,” he said, referring to Trump's recent scrap with the parents of a soldier killed in 2004. “In the last week or two, some of Mr. Trump's comments have been deeply troubling to many people who, before, would never consider not voting for the Republican candidate."
With Clinton set to campaign in Las Vegas on Thursday after her Colorado campaigning and fundraising swing, some Democrats also see a similar story playing out in Nevada — another Western battleground state where Clinton leads Trump, though by a narrower margin in the public polling. As in Colorado, the campaign in Nevada is focused on mobilization, as opposed to persuasion, at this point.
“Colorado has a significant and growing Latino population, and Trump has done everything he possibly can to draw Latino voters into the waiting arms of Democrats," said Republican pollster Whit Ayres, who worked for Marco Rubio's presidential campaign. "The same is true in Nevada. So it's not surprising that Hillary Clinton looks reasonably strong there — I don't know if he can [win Colorado]. Maybe not attack a Gold Star mother while she's grieving?”
While the Trump campaign has dispatched running mate Mike Pence to both Colorado and Nevada this week to generate enthusiasm for the ticket, the math is straightforward, explained Nevada's most recent Democratic governor, Bob Miller.
“There's about 75,000 more registered Democrats than Republicans,” he said. "If they show up, she should win."
It's not just the considerable Hispanic population that has Clinton forces feeling confident in Colorado, where the POLITICO Battleground States polling average has her up 8 points on Trump — the largest margin in any battleground state, except Michigan, where Clinton leads by 10.
The state boasts a massive college presence — with more millennials than any other battleground state — and a more highly educated electorate as well. Although national Republican candidates traditionally win college-educated voters, Clinton has been outperforming other national Democrats in that regard, lending her extra strength in Colorado.
“I'm inclined to believe that she's probably going to easily lock up the West sometime over the next month or so," said pollster Patrick Murray, whose Monmouth University poll has surveyed Colorado and Nevada in recent weeks. "Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico will be for her, and she might even have a stronger position in Arizona than she might otherwise."
Still, her campaign itself is typically careful not to get out over its skis — despite the fact that Clinton has led every public poll in Colorado this year — insisting that it doesn't yet view Colorado as a done deal. “We're encouraged by the demographics and support that we're seeing, but we're definitely treating Colorado as a battleground state,” said Clinton's battleground states director, Meg Ansara.
Trump's camp contends that the sunny reading of the Colorado landscape from Democrats is a fundamental misunderstanding of the Republican nominee's appeal.
“They stopped spending money here; I don't think they're confident about Colorado at all. Clinton is here to shore up her base; she would not be here if she was confident,” said Trump state director Patrick Davis. “The demographics that she's referring to are from 2008 and 2012. This is a completely different electorate. Donald Trump has completely reorganized the electorate. Her math is wrong. He is attracting people who have not voted in a general election in the last 10 years, bringing them back to politics."
"Much like Ronald Reagan created a new coalition in 1980, we don't know what it looks like, and Hillary Clinton certainly doesn't know what it looks like,” he added, insisting, “We're going to win Colorado."
But Clinton's campaign has had a robust, coordinated campaign running with the Colorado Democratic Party for months, including 14 field offices and dozens of organizers. Their focus, said Ansara and others familiar with the campaign's local efforts, has been to register and re-register voters, and to educate them about a new Colorado program that permits them to vote by mail.
Clinton has visited the state multiple times in the general election, and both campaign manager Robby Mook and former President Bill Clinton are scheduled back here for fundraisers over the next two weeks, according to invitations obtained by POLITICO.
Trump, meanwhile, has opened four offices and hired a dozen people on the ground in the past two days, said Davis. But the nominee has gotten little buy-in from local Republican leaders, who largely rejected him in the primary against Ted Cruz. Sen. Cory Gardner and Rep. Mike Coffman have been actively distancing themselves from Trump, with Coffman going so far as to run an ad featuring families and minorities that leans into immigration reform and proclaims, “He's not like other Republicans."
Mike Coffman Ad - 'Country First' poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201608/2629/1155968404_5069968837001_5069940912001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true
While long-shot GOP Senate candidate Darryl Glenn has appeared with Trump, Glenn has yet to get any support from Senate Republicans' campaign arm — meaning Trump's efforts here are the only significant national Republican presence aside from the handful of organizers hired by the Republican National Committee. People familiar with the Trump operation's theories say he is hoping to compete in organized labor-heavy areas where Gardner overperformed in 2014, though local politicos are skeptical that would make up for the expected wide losses in populous suburban Jefferson and Arapahoe counties near Denver.
“It's premature to be overly confident,” said Hickenlooper, shortly before introducing Clinton at her rally here Wednesday. “But each of these things gives you an additional measure of confidence."
That explains why the Clinton campaign has stopped its broadcast advertising in Colorado temporarily (while keeping a national cable and Olympics-pegged buy on air), and why her super PAC Priorities USA Action cut two weeks' worth of ad time here. Now, with Priorities regularly polling stretch states like Arizona, Indiana, Georgia and Missouri, the group is actively considering expanding the map in the wake of such optimism, with a particular eye on states with Senate races, said a source familiar with the big-money group's thinking.
Members of the audience wait for Hillary Clinton to speak at Adams City High School in Commerce City, Colorado on Aug. 3.' | AP Photo
Trump's prospects are more favorable in Nevada, where's there's more of a libertarian strain in the rural parts of the state and he trails Clinton by just 2 points. Still, as in Colorado, Trump's team has had a hard time working with state Republicans; Trump has never appeared with Gov. Brian Sandoval. For her part, Clinton is appearing with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Rep. Dina Titus and Senate candidate Catherine Cortez Masto on Thursday in Las Vegas.
And, in a state that's hard to poll, local officials say the public surveys consistently underrepresent the Hispanic vote that Trump has alienated and that Clinton is working hard to register and mobilize.
“My district is part of the [Las Vegas] Valley, with a very high Hispanic population, so we are seeing tremendous efforts to turn that demographic out, and I am seeing nothing from the Trump folks,” said Titus. "You saw how the convention highlighted Hispanics from Nevada — we had several Dreamers from the stage talking about immigration, and [the campaign has] been here for over a year. I, meanwhile, haven't seen much evidence of Trump events."
It's that group of Hispanics that Democrats believe will help them carry the West, forcing Trump to thread the Electoral College needle.
“When you have gone out of your way to antagonize the Hispanic community, and when you've threatened to deport a number of Hispanics comparable to the population of Ohio, it is eminently predictable that you will do worse than Mitt Romney's 27 percent among Hispanics,” said Ayres, the Republican pollster. “Consequently, any state with a significant and growing population — not just Colorado and Nevada, but Florida and North Carolina and maybe Arizona — will be a lot more difficult for you."
Transcript for Family Mounts Rescue Mission to Help Police Find Kidnapped Woman
Next tonight the story of a family leaping into action. A woman was kidnapped, missing for two days in louisiana. Relatives were afraid the police search was taking too long. Time was running out. So they mounted a rescue mission onir own. Abc's steve osunsami tells us what happened next. Reporter: This was the moment of relief when the family of 29-year-old bethany arceneaux found and rescued her from a violent ex-boyfriend who was holding her hostage. He was about to kill her. He wasn't going to stick around and wait for it to happen. Reporter: She had been missing for days of the the police search was getting nowhere so they searched too. Her aunts and sisters posted fliers with her photo. Her brothers and cousins got their guns and searched the woods. They were checking out this abandoned home in louisiana when they heard her scream. He told her as soon as they kick the door in I'm going to kill you. Reporter: They say scott thomas started stabbing her when they broke in and then one of them shot him dead. Police had their guns drawn in this vacant house on anderson road. Reporter: By the time police arrived it was over. For now even the district attorney says he won't charge the family. In this case they saved the girl from dying and unfortunately the assailant died. Reporter: Like so many abused women arceneaux kept filing police reports and she kept getting released on bond. In june she filed for this restraining order saying he choked me until the point i couldn't breathe. These orders of protection are often no stronger than the paper they're written on. At least half areiolated by the same people they're meant to stop. The arceneauxs say they did what they had to do. Steve osunsami, abc news, atlanta.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The opening of the first ever Season in Gears of War 4 is on the way! A Season is a period of time (usually a few months) where you can earn your rank through placement matches, and then go up (or down) based on performance. At the end of a Season, your rank will be reset and you'll have to earn your Skill Rating through another set of placement matches and improving your skill over time. We're still determining the optimal length for each Season - we'll share more close to the launch of Season 1.
So what's all this hard work for? Brand-new rewards! Depending on your tier rating, you'll earn parts of new weapon skin sets themed on the various Ranks in the game – Bronze, Silver, Gold, Onyx and Diamond.
With the launch of Seasons on the way, we'll also be introducing an updated skill based algorithm into Gears of War 4 to further improve the quality of our Ranking System. This updated version of our Skill Ratings should improve the accuracy of your Tier Placements, and take more of your Skill over time into account. When this system goes live, you may find your initial placement Tier is higher or lower than expected compared to Season 0. This is actually a more accurate representation of your skill (and performance in your placement matches) so brace for potential changes!
We're still locking down the details, including a launch date for Seasons, so look out for more information on Season Rewards in the coming weeks ahead. And keep grinding for that next rank – your Season 0 placements will also earn you rewards!
PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Jul 22, 2015) - Tesla ( NASDAQ : TSLA) announces that it will post its financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2015, after market close on Wednesday, August 5, 2015. At that time, Tesla will issue a brief advisory release containing a link to the Q2 2015 Shareholder Letter, available on the company website. Tesla management will hold a live question & answer webcast at 2:30pm Pacific Time (5:30pm Eastern Time) to discuss the Company's financial and business results and outlook.
What: Tesla Q2 2015 Financial Results and Q&A Webcast
When: Wednesday, August 5, 2015
Time: 2:30pm Pacific Time / 5:30pm Eastern Time
Shareholder Letter: http://ir.teslamotors.com
Webcast: http://ir.teslamotors.com (live and replay)
Approximately two hours after the Q&A session, an archived version of the webcast will be available on the Company's website.
For additional information, please visit ir.teslamotors.com.
Melbourne artist Aaron Tyler redesigns Australia's banknotes with Steve Irwin, Dame Edna and John Farnham
Updated
A Melbourne artist has redesigned Australia's banknotes, replacing the iconic faces of AB "Banjo" Paterson and Sir Henry Parkes with the likes of Steve Irwin, Dame Edna and Karl Stefanovic.
In a post on his website, Aaron Tyler said the faces of Australia's notes "were relevant once, but they don't strike a chord with modern Australia".
"[Money is] the foundation and fabric that holds society and civilisation together. If someone's face is stamped on that money, it's a pretty big deal, right? So why don't we know who's on ours?" he said.
"We see them every day, but most Australians don't even know who the people on our banknotes are.
"The time is right for a facelift. The time is right for STRAYA CASH."
His reimagined notes feature Aussie staples like meat pies, the Wiggles, a BBQ, Channel Nine presenter Stefanovic, Cathy Freeman and John Farnham, complete with mullet.
The clear plastic security windows on the notes also are changed, replacing windmills, the Southern Cross, and a lyrebird with the VB logo, a BBQ, and a prawn.
Tyler said it was a difficult process to narrow down who would take pride of place on the notes.
"I started with a list of about 100," he told the ABC.
"It's kind of a combination of people and things that I like, and felt that others would instantly recognise and identify with as an Australian.
"Plus, a couple purely to polarise and create discussion. You can probably figure out who they were.
"I knew I'd never be able to please everyone. There were plenty more icons that I simply couldn't fit in."
Despite his humorous take, the artist said while doing research on the project, he had found many people did not know who was actually on Australia's notes.
"I have discovered that it isn't only young people who don't know who the people are, it's older people too," he said.
"A wider discussion about whom the people are, and recognising their contributions to Australia would be a good idea.
"I had no clue who they were, but while working on this project I've discovered they did some incredible things that shouldn't be forgotten."
We asked you who you would put on the banknotes, if you could redesign them.
Here are some of your suggestions:
Topics: arts-and-entertainment, australia
First posted
A California state lawmaker pulled his proposed legislation that would have made it illegal to publish “false or deceptive statements” on elections after critics said it would be “disastrous for free speech.”
The first hearing for Assembly Bill 1104, “The California Political Cyberfraud Abatement Act,” was planned for Tuesday, but was canceled at the 11th hour at the request of the author, California Assemblyman Ed Chau (D-Monterey Park).
Under the proposed legislation, it would be unlawful to knowingly and willingly publish or circulate on the Internet a “false or deceptive statement designed to influence the vote” on either a ballot measure or political candidate.
Read more
In his analysis of the bill, Chau says the proposal would expand The Golden State's political cyberfraud law to “provide protections to candidate campaigns in addition to the current law protections for ballot measures.”
“This bill is an important step forward in the fight against 'fake news' and deceptive campaign tactics,” Chau, who heads the California Privacy and Consumer Protection Committee, said.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), a digital-rights advocacy group, wrote a critical review of the bill, saying it was “so obviously unconstitutional, we had to double-check that it was real.”
The EFF argued the bill would violate free speech rights, making it illegal to “be wrong on the internet.” Anyone who made the “slightest hint of hyperbole, exaggeration, poetic license, or common error” on a candidate or ballot measure would be violating the law, according to the civil liberties advocate.
They also note that the bill does not leave room for satire or parody, meaning The Onion would be considered illegal under the bill. Even quoting or retweeting an incorrect statement would be illegal.
“At a time when political leaders are promoting ‘alternative facts' and branding unflattering reporting as ‘fake news,' we don't think it's a good idea to give the government more power to punish speech,” said Dave Maas, an investigative researcher for the EFF.
NT crocodile products industry gets boost, as over 250 pulled from Darwin waterways in 2015
Updated
As the NT Government announces plans to expand the crocodile products industry, the tally for captures around the Top End area shows there is no shortage of the deadly animal, even near Darwin CBD.
KEY POINTS: NT Govt aims to boost crocodile products industry to $50 million annually
Plan aims to cut regulatory red tape and provide "certainty around quotas"
Under plan, twice as many animals and 40 per cent more eggs can be taken from the wild
NT rangers removed 290 saltwater crocodiles from waterways in 2015
Northern Territory rangers removed 290 saltwater crocodiles from waterways in 2015.
That total is three more than last year, but short of the record set in 2012 of 318 removals.
The biggest crocodile removed was 4.38 metres long and trapped near Daly River - the community which was evacuated on Boxing Day due to flooding.
A total of 252 crocs were found in the Darwin area.
Crocodiles, while usually found in rivers and creeks, are sometimes seen cruising the coastline near the city, menacing people, dogs and recreational fishers.
A kite surfer was attacked off Darwin's Casuarina beach in May, surviving repeated lunges by the 2.5-metre animal.
Crocodiles, once routinely shot, have been a protected species in the NT since 1971, when it is estimated there were about 3,000 mature adults in the Territory.
Since then numbers have exploded, with current estimates at over 100,000 animals, and the average size of animals increasing, according to the Government.
Public calls for a cull of the animals peaked after the high-profile attack on 11-year-old Briony Goodsell in 2009, but were resisted by government.
Crocs considered problem animals are trapped and taken to a crocodile farm or destroyed.
Signage warning of the dangers of the animal dot the coastline, creeks and rivers, with a campaign urging people to be "crocwise" regularly airing on television and radio.
Despite this, people still fall prey to the ambush predator, which are known to wait and learn the behaviour of their quarry.
A coroner's report into the horrific deaths of two men in separate crocodile attacks in 2014 found Territorians were still too complacent around waterways and called for the safety message to be refocussed.
Plan to double croc products industry
Crocodiles raised in captivity are best for the fashion industry, which prizes unblemished skins and includes shoes, bags, belts, jewellery, entire skins and other fashion items.
Fiercely territorial wild crocodiles are simply too battle-scarred.
Eggs are harvested from the wild or from crocodile nests in captivity.
The croc products industry, currently estimated at at being worth $25 million, is hoped double to $50 million in four years, with the NT Government releasing its Saltwater Crocodile Wildlife Trade Management Plan 2016-2020 (WTMP), which follows its Crocodile Farming Industry Strategic Plan 2015-2021, released late last year.
Willem Westra van Holthe, NT Minister for Land Resource Management, described the WTMP as an "important step for industry, providing certainty around quotas and continuous trade".
"The WTMP supports the growth of industry by allowing an annual harvest ceiling of 90,000 viable eggs and 1,200 animals. This represents a 40 per cent increase for eggs and a 100 per cent rise for animals over the previous five-year plan limit," Mr Westra van Holthe said.
"A sustainable harvest is a key component of the WTMP, supported by a robust scientific population model and ongoing monitoring of crocodile populations in major Territory river systems.
"The Country Liberals (CLP) government has also ensured the new WTMP reduces the regulatory burden on the Territory crocodile industry by streamlining regulation requirements including the introduction of a 10-year enterprise permit for farms," he said.
Giovanna Webb, owner of Crocodylus Park and a CLP candidate at the 2016 election for the suburban seat of Casuarina, said the WTMP would boost Indigenous employment.
"This annual harvest ceiling increase means we can produce more products which will in turn open up many more job opportunities for Indigenous people right across the Territory," Ms Webb said.
"Industry also welcomes the move by government to reduce red tape and regulation; it means we can spend more time growing the success of our Territory trade industry."
Under the new plan, from 2016-2020, the number of saltwater crocodiles that can be harvested from the wild will double, to 1,200.
The number of eggs cans that can be harvested from the wild each year will go to 90,000 to "help push growth of the industry", the Government said.
Mr Westra Van Holthe said the increase in egg harvest numbers would not impact on the crocodile population.
"The number of eggs being taken and those animals taken from the wild haven't impacted on wild crocodile numbers, and we've deliberately adopted a very conservative approach to make sure we're getting that formula right," he said.
Natasha Fyles, Labor's spokesman for Lands and Planning, questioned whether rangers had the resources to properly monitor harvesting.
"It is critical to the Territory's international reputation that any harvesting of crocodiles from the wild is based on solid science, not just economic opportunity," she said.
"The key issue here is the capacity of hard-working wildlife rangers to properly monitor and regulate the 100 per cent increase in the taking of crocodiles from the wild - and the Government has been silent on that."
In early 2015, talk of introducing crocodile hunting safaris in the Northern Territory, seen by some as a way to boost Indigenous employment and commerce, was quashed by Environment Minister Greg Hunt in June.
Topics: crocodile, fashion, animal-attacks, darwin-0800
First posted
Riot police fire water cannon to disperse protesters mourning Berkin Elvan's death in Istanbul, March 11. AP photo, Emrah GÜREL
Police also cracked down on a demonstration on Istanbul's İstiklal Avenue after refusing protesters' demand to read a statement in Taksim Square. According to daily Hürriyet, hundreds of protesters were detained in the demonstrations overnight, including 97 in Istanbul, 51 in Ankara, around 100 in İzmir, 36 in Bursa and 21 in Mersin.Here is a roundup of this evening's protests across the country:A vigil is being held in front of the cemevi in the Okmeydanı neighborhood in Istanbul where Berkin Elvan's body was brought after an autopsy March 11. Elvan will be interred in Feriköy cemetery on March 12.At least 45 protesters have been detained in demonstrations held in Istanbul, according to media reports.A physically disabled man dances in front of the police barricade in İstiklal Avenue, Istanbul, in a show of protest against the crackdown.- After Finance Minister Mehmet Şimşek, EU Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu becomes the second top government official to publicly express his condolences to Berkin Elvan's family. Earlier today, Şimşek tweeted the following statement: "We have lost our dear Berkin Elvan. Our sorrow is great. I wish God's grace will be upon him and I wish patience for his family. Rest in peace."- An electoral poster depicting Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is set on fire and used as a barricade in Ankara. (Photo source: Twitter)Some 1,500 protesters have demonstrated at Sınırsızlık (Infinity) Sq. in the southwestern town Muğla. Police intervened with tear gas when a group attempted to march on the ruling AKP's local headquarters. Some 22 people have been detained, according to Doğan News Agency.Clashes in Kadıköy, Istanbul, continue, as some 2,000 protesters refuse to disperse in the face of a police intervention near Bahariye Avenue, Hürriyet Daily News editor Stefan Martens reports from the scene.Intense tear gas against protesters has also disrupted normal public life in various Turkish cities. In Ankara, tear gas was fired near a bus stop and inside a metro station (Photos: Peter Nut)...while a teargas canister fell down into a bar in Taksim, Istanbul. (Photo source: Twitter):- A woman who fainted on İstiklal Ave. was nearly crushed by an armored police vehicle, Doğan News Agency reported. The woman was saved at the last moment as her friends screamed in fear.More protests are being staged in the Thracian and western coastal towns of Tekirdağ, Edirne, Çanakkale and Çeşme.An electronic billboard in the western city of Eskişehir, whose mayor is from the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), features Berkin Elvan: "We won't forget you," the billboard reads.- Demonstrations and vigils for Berkin Elvan are also being held abroad, including Paris, Berlin, London, Stockholm and Rotterdam. In Paris' Place de la République, mourners hold a vigil in front of a portrait of Berkin Elvan made with candles.A police water cannon (TOMA) in the southern city of Mersin has hit two women who were crossing the road while police were intervening against a group protester, Doğan News Agency reported. One woman was seriously injured and transferred to hospital after sustaining a head injury, the report said. Eleven protesters were detained and four officers injured during the police crackdown in the city.Police continue to intervene against protests in the Taksim, Beşiktaş and Feriköy neighborhoods of Istanbul.Police used tear gas and water cannon to prevent some 1,000 protesters in Kadıköy from marching to the local headquarters of the ruling AKP. Following the intervention, a group of protesters turned a public bus into a barricade. Police continue to resort to tear gas in order to keep the protesters away from the bull statue, a symbol of Fenerbahçe football team based in the district, which in on the road that leads to the AKP headquarters. "Because of the teargas in the air, it's hard to breath," Hürriyet Daily News editor Stefan Martens reports.
21:21 - During the crackdown against the protesting ODTÜ students in Ankara, police used FN-303 riot gun with an ammunition that is classified as “lethal” in several European countries, daily Hürriyet reports.
near the Harbiye side of Gezi Park
Another photo shot today during the protests in the Middle Eastern Technical University's (ODTÜ) campus in Ankara, a police officer is seen using tear gas even after falling on the ground.
19:28 -
19:10 - Clashes reportedly intensify in Adana...
19:09 - In Istanbul, police reportedly announce that they will let the protesters give a press statement in Istiklal Ave., but they will not allow them to march to Taksim Sq.
19:08 - Protesters gather in the southern town of Antalya's Cumhuriyet Sq.
19:00 - People start gathering in Istanbul's Asian neighborhood of Kadıköy, one of the potential hotspots in tonight's protests.
18:56 - Protesters in the the western town of Sakarya carry banners accusing the ruling AKP government of "murdering" Berkin Elvan.
18:51 - Large crowds start to gather in the western Anatolian city of Eskişehir, where Gezi protester Ali İsmail Korkmaz was killed, as reported by journalist Tuğba Tekerek.
18:45 - Main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) deputy Aylin Nazlıaka tweets that citizens in Ankara are talking with the police in an attempt to stop the intervention. "Enough. We are in mourning,” the protesters say, according to Nazlıaka.
18:41 - In the western city of Denizli some protesters hurl fireworks at the police.
18:35 - Police start using tear gas in Ankara's Kızılay Square, along with water cannon.
18:19 - Protesters march in the southeastern metropolis Diyarbakır with banners reading "For Berkin Elvan."
18:17 - Crowds start gathering in Istanbul's iconic in Taksim Sq., heart of last year's protests.
18:12 - Another demonstrations is held in Trabzon, further east in the Black Sea coast and considered one of the strongholds of ruling AKP.
18:11 - Protesters in the southern metropolis Adana, start gathering at Atatürk Park for a planned demonstration.
18:09 - Over 1,000 people reportedly march in the Black Sea city of Samsun, chanting "Murderer Tayyip (Erdoğan)."
18:05 - Supported by armored vehicles, police move to disperse protesters gathered in Ankara's Kızılay Sq. in the first intervention in tonight's planned demonstrations across Turkey.
17:28 - Protesters in the eastern province of Tunceli (Dersim) are marching with torches toward the provincial office of the ruling AKP.
to the iconic Taksim Sq (Photo: Reuters / Osman Orsal).Clashes reportedly intensify in Adana...In Istanbul, police reportedly announce that they will let the protesters give a press statement in Istiklal Ave., but they will not allow them to march to Taksim Sq.Protesters gather in the southern town of Antalya's Cumhuriyet Sq.People start gathering in Istanbul's Asian neighborhood of Kadıköy, one of the potential hotspots in tonight's protests.Protesters in the the western town of Sakarya carry banners accusing the ruling AKP government of "murdering" Berkin Elvan.Large crowds start to gather in the western Anatolian city of Eskişehir, where Gezi protester Ali İsmail Korkmaz was killed, as reported by journalist Tuğba Tekerek.Main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) deputy Aylin Nazlıaka tweets that citizens in Ankara are talking with the police in an attempt to stop the intervention. "Enough. We are in mourning,” the protesters say, according to Nazlıaka.In the western city of Denizli some protesters hurl fireworks at the police.Police start using tear gas in Ankara's Kızılay Square, along with water cannon.Protesters march in the southeastern metropolis Diyarbakır with banners reading "For Berkin Elvan."Crowds start gathering in Istanbul's iconic in Taksim Sq., heart of last year's protests.Another demonstrations are held in Trabzon, further east in the Black Sea coast and considered one of the strongholds of ruling AKP.Protesters in the southern metropolis Adana, start gathering at Atatürk Park for a planned demonstration.Over 1,000 people reportedly march in the Black Sea city of Samsun, chanting "Murderer Tayyip (Erdoğan)."Supported by armored vehicles, police move to disperse protesters gathered in Ankara's Kızılay Sq. in the first intervention in tonight's planned demonstrations across Turkey.Protesters in the eastern province of Tunceli (Dersim) are marching with torches toward the provincial office of the ruling AKP.
Police temporarily retreat in Kadıköy as some protesters reportedly hurl fireworks.An intervention starts in Istanbul's Kadıköy neighborhood, with police using intense water cannon and tear gas against protesters, Hürriyet Daily News editor Stefan Martens reports from the scene. Around 5,000 protesters had gathered earlier near the iconic bull statue in Bahariye.Police are also using tear gas and water cannon against protesters who gathered in front of the Divan Hotel. The hotel became famous after sheltering demonstrators during the repeated police crackdowns last summer.Tens of thousands of people keep protesting the Turkish government in several cities. Police have intervened in Taksim (Istanbul), Ankara, İzmir, Adana, Antalya, Denizli, Kocaeli and Mersin, according to Doğan News Agency reporters on the ground.Demonstrations in Istanbul's Kadıköy and Bakırköy neighborhoods, as well as those in other cities such as Eskişehir, Zonguldak, Uşak, Giresun, Samsun, Bolu and Konya have seen no police intervention so far.In one of two striking images which are being shared online today, the victims of the Gezi Park protests are pictured together, showing at which age they were killed.The police intervention continues in the side streets around Istiklal Ave. No significant police presence is yet reported in Kadıköy on the Asian side, where protesters chant slogans "We're all Berkin. You cannot eliminate us by killing us" and "Berkin Elvan is immortal."One protester in Adana is reportedly injured due to the effects of tear gas.Police start intervening with more intensity, resorting to tear gas. Meanwhile, crowds swell in Istanbul's Kadıköy and Bakırköy neighborhoods.Some protesters attend the demonstrations with "bloody" bread, symbolizing the Berkin Elvan's death (Photo via daily Hürriyet editor Banu Tuna).Hundreds of protesters march in the southern city Mersin.A TOMA vehicle occasionally fires pressurized water at protesters from Istanbul's pedestrian Istiklal Ave. in an effort to prevent them from marching
Boca Raton is making moves to help out the LGBT community.
The Faulk Center for Counseling in Boca Raton has started a new support group for LGBT individuals looking to build a supportive community in Boca and surrounding areas.
“Our community saw that there was a need and we took action,” Alison Rubin, the Faulk Center Development and Marketing manager said in a phone call. “This is a support group that doesn't discriminate against anybody. This is not a counseling group — this is a support group.”
The group is facilitated by three psychologist counselors.
“Mental health services are provided by graduate students pursuing master's degrees or doctoral degrees in psychology, social work or mental health counseling, as well as clinical volunteers who hold advanced degrees in a mental health field” reads the Faulk Center about page. “All graduate students and volunteers are supervised by the Center's staff of licensed psychologists.”
According to Rubin, the Faulk Center has never turned away a patient in 43 years. The center strives to be a safe space for anyone who needs it, and they have now created a designated space for anyone who specifically seek support on LGBT issues.
“I've read that the community suffers a high rate of depression and we want to be there to help as best we can,” Rubin said. “I think that hopefully there will be a great response to this opportunity.”
The group is for LGBT individuals and allies 18 years and older, and is currently meeting every Friday from 11:45 am to 1:15 p.m. Coffee is served in the first 15 minutes of the meeting.
Anyone interested in attending needs to call 561-483-5300 before attending their first session.
“At the Faulk Center for Counseling, we provide a warm, accepting and confidential environment where people who are dealing with life's problems are helped to make changes or to cope more efficiently with things that they cannot change.”
For people seeking individual counseling, counselors are available per appointment.
The Faulk Center was founded in 1973 by Dr. Elizabeth H. Faulk, and since then has provided counseling services to people of all ages. In 1970 Faulk founded the Elizabeth H. Faulk Foundation, a nonprofit with the goal of providing “free and low-cost psychological and mental health consultation services to the needy.”
Visit FaulkCenterForCounseling.org for more information.
Highland chieftain Lord Mungo Murray wearing belted plaid, around 1680. The history of the kilt stretches back to at least the end of the 16th century. The kilt first appeared as the belted plaid or great kilt, a full length garment whose upper half could be worn as a cloak draped over the shoulder, or brought up over the head as a hood. The small kilt or walking kilt (similar to the 'modern' kilt) did not develop until the late 17th or early 18th century, and is essentially the bottom half of the great kilt. The word kilt comes from the Scots word kilt meaning to tuck up the clothes around the body, although the 11th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica (vol. 15, p. 798) says the word is Scandinavian in origin. The Scots word derives from the Old Norse kjalta (meaning lap, fold of a gathered skirt).[1] Contents
The great kilt Edit
Highland soldier in 1744, an early picture of a Government Tartan great kilt, with the plaid being used to protect the musket lock from rain and wind. The Breacan an Fhéilidh (belted plaid) or Feileadh Mòr (great plaid) is likely to have evolved over the course of the 16th century from the earlier 'brat' or woollen cloak (also known as a plaid) which was worn over a tunic. This earlier cloak or brat may have been plain in colour or in various check or tartan designs, depending on the wealth of the wearer; this earlier fashion of clothing had not changed significantly from that worn by Celtic warriors in Roman times.[2] Over the course of the 16th century, with the increasing availability of wool, the cloak had grown to such a size that it began to be gathered up and belted. The belted plaid was originally a length of thick woollen cloth made up from two loom widths sewn together to give a total width of 54 to 60 inches, and up to 7 yards (6.4 m) in length. This garment, also known as the great kilt, was gathered up into pleats and secured by a wide belt. Plaids with beltloops were in use by the 1700s. A surviving men's belted plaid from 1822 has belt loops sewn inside it at each pattern repeat, such that it can be unpleated entirely into a blanket, or rapidly pleated with a drawstring belt (with a second belt worn outside, to flatten the pleats, as in the portrait of Lord Mungo Murray above).[3] The upper half could be worn as a cloak draped over the left shoulder, hung down over the belt and gathered up at the front, or brought up over the shoulders or head for protection against weather. It was worn over a léine (a full-sleeved garment stopping below the waist) and could also serve as a camping blanket. A description from 1746 states: The garb is certainly very loose, and fits men inured to it to go through great fatigues, to make very quick marches, to bear out against the inclemency of the weather, to wade through rivers, and shelter in huts, woods, and rocks upon occasion; which men dressed in the low country garb could not possibly endure.[4] For battle it was customary to take off the kilt beforehand and set it aside, the Highland charge being made wearing only the léine or war shirt. The exact age of the great kilt is still under debate. Earlier carvings or illustrations prior to the 16th century appearing to show the kilt may show the léine croich, a knee-length shirt of leather, linen or canvas, heavily pleated and sometimes quilted as protection. The earliest written source that definitely describes the belted plaid or great kilt comes from 1594.[2] The great kilt is mostly associated with the Scottish highlands, but was also used in poor lowland rural areas. Widespread use of this type of kilt continued into the 19th century, and some still wear it today.
The small kilt or walking kilt Edit
Sometime in the late 17th or early 18th century the fèileadh beag (the small kilt), or filibeg, or philabeg, using a single width of cloth worn hanging down below the belt came into use, becoming popular throughout the Highlands and northern Lowlands by 1746, although the great kilt or belted plaid continued to be worn. The small kilt or philibeg is a development of the great kilt, being essentially the bottom half of the great kilt. A letter written by Ivan Baillie in 1768 and published in the Edinburgh Magazine in March 1785 states that the garment people would recognize as a kilt today was invented in the 1720s by Thomas Rawlinson, a Quaker from Lancashire. After the Jacobite campaign of 1715 the government opened the Highlands to outside exploitation, and Rawlinson went into partnership with Ian MacDonnell, chief of the MacDonnells of Glengarry to manufacture charcoal from the forests near Inverness and smelt iron ore there. The belted plaid worn by the Highlanders he employed was too "cumbrous and unwieldy" for this work, so, together with the tailor of the regiment stationed at Inverness, Rawlinson produced a kilt which consisted of the lower half of the belted plaid worn as a "distinct garment with pleats already sewn". He wore it himself, as did his business partner, whose clansmen then followed suit. It has been suggested that there is evidence of Highlanders wearing only the bottom part of the belted plaid before this,[2] possibly as early as the 1690s,[2] but Rawlinson's is the earliest documented example with sewn-in pleats, a distinctive feature of the kilt worn today. The tailored kilt was adopted by the Highland regiments of the British Army, and the military kilt and its formalised accessories passed into civilian usage during the early 19th century and has remained popular ever since.[2] The earliest extant example of a tailored kilt is from 1792 (currently in the possession of the Scottish Tartans Authority).[6]
Proscription and revival of the kilt Edit
Military use Edit
Notes Edit
References Edit
UberSex. UberSex/Reddit Imagine a world in which Uber, the popular car-booking service, and Tinder, everyone's favourite dating app, combined to give users a bit more of a comprehensive experience.
That is the idea behind "UberSex." The joke is that passengers would be able to request a driver of their choice to pick them up — then take them to a place perhaps best left to the imagination.
"UberSex matches you with drivers that sync their Tinder accounts," the app says.
It's not clear who made the mock-up but the person behind it uses this man's LinkedIn profile. His CV says he works for Lyft, a rival car-booking app..
The whole thing is almost certainly a joke. Although it's got its own Twitter feed and YouTube promotion, it's unlikely to be arriving any time soon.
Twitter/UberSex
When we asked Uber about the idea, a spokesperson said the company "would not comment."
Still, it's sparked some interest on Reddit over the last few hours. On the Uber subreddit, one user posted: "Uber went down for me earlier today. When it came back online I had a notification that "uberSex" was being rolled out here in Los Angeles," which was met by suggestions that it's probably a prank.
And on Tinder's Reddit discussion board, there's also been a discussion going on about UberSex, along with an image of what the app extension looks like. One user claims that Uber has launched the drive and sex service in beta. Again, however, people believe the move to be a joke.
Whoever came up with the idea has gone to considerable lengths here. Mocking up an app image would've taken a bit of time to design, and producing the YouTube video is also a fair bit of effort:
The story seems to unravel, though, when you click on the dedicated website, ubersexapp.com,which is displayed below the YouTube post. It goes to a LinkedIn profile:
LinkedIn
If you scroll down Jantzn May's page, you'll find that he/she is a driver for Lyft — a rival app known for its pink moustaches.
LinkedIn
We reached out to Lyft to see if it knew anything about UberSex, but have not heard anything back yet. May did not respond to a request for comment at press time.
Space nerds are a hopeful bunch. Every year before the State of the Union address, they work themselves into a tizzy, batting around rumors like party balloons: Some Big Space Thing might be mentioned!
The President's speech on Tuesday, though technically not a State-of-the-Union address, was preceded by the obligatory rumor, and did in fact include a nod to space. Here's the relevant passage, which came late in the speech:
On our 100th anniversary, in 1876, citizens from across our nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America's centennial. At that celebration, the country's builders and artists and inventors showed off their creations. Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time. Remington unveiled the first typewriter. An early attempt was made at electric light. Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen. Imagine the wonders our country could know in America's 250th year. Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people. Cures to illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope. American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream.
“Distant worlds” could mean pretty much anything, and no other information was given. So if it's hard facts you want, stop reading now. Here goes some shameless speculation:
First, a general rule of thumb about space politics, at least in this century: Democrats Are For Mars, Republicans Are For The Moon. Conservatives like the prospect of lunar commerce and the potential military value of lunar “high ground.” Liberals are drawn to visions of Mars colonies staffed by multicultural crews, doing science.
More concretely, there is evidence that the new administration is interested in a return to the moon, or the vicinity of the moon. And such a plan could have bipartisan support. Barring a huge boost in NASA's budget, it's really the only practical near-term (within a decade) goal for government astronauts, considering that the Obama administration's asteroid rendezvous never got any political traction.
So it will be no surprise if NASA once again looks moonward. When, though? Trump's mention of 1876 may be a hint. The year 2026 will mark the nation's 250th birthday, and space spectaculars are often timed for significant anniversaries, from Laika (the 40th anniversary of the October Revolution) to the Viking landing on Mars during the U.S. bicentennial year.
Nine years is enough time to start setting up lunar infrastructure, possibly even land an astronaut or two, although that would require a more ambitious and faster-paced program than NASA has managed in years. A new administration looking to make its mark may push the agency to do just that.
So there you have it. We're going to land people on the moon (note the President's use of the term “footprints”) in 2026. Remember that you heard it here first, and that it was nothing but a guess.
Rob Swire is back from the doctor, and his first tweet surprised all of us.
Hearing restored, finally. PSA: if you enjoy being able to hear, e-cigs / vaping is a really fucking bad idea — Rob Swire (@rob_swire) July 6, 2015
Followers were left wondering what he meant, or how vaping could possibly lead to hearing loss, for at least a few minutes. Apparently, the chemical propylene glycol, which is used as a solvent in some juices, is ototoxic – meaning toxic to the cochlea or auditory nerve. This has been a known effect since at least 1980 when applied directly to the ear (e.g., via ear drops), but its use in inhalants hasn't been documented as of yet.
The only reason there's not more info out there about PG when inhaled is that the research hasn't been done / e-cigs are relatively new — Rob Swire (@rob_swire) July 6, 2015
But take it from someone who has just lost all hearing in his left ear for the past 4 days: fuck propylene glycol and everyone that sells it — Rob Swire (@rob_swire) July 6, 2015
As a rule of thumb, it might be more wise to switch to a more vegetable glycerin based juice than PG in the future. Hearing loss is no trivial matter and can often end up as a permanent affliction.
However, keep in mind that research has not been done on the effects of smoking/inhaling propylene glycol. Until research is conducted, it cannot be conclusively stated that the PG was 100% at fault. Many people are already attributing his sudden loss of hearing to standing by studio monitors on tour, or possibly an allergic reaction. Both causes are unlikely, as studio monitors are a mainstay of all upper-tier producers, and would likely affect more than just a couple in every hundred if that were the case; similarly, PG is used in a vast array of products, including cosmetics and food, and has never been found to cause hearing loss except in the case of direct application.
Not saying anyone needs to panic, just…if you need your ears to work / earn money, tread carefully 🙂 Wouldn't wish that shit on anyone — Rob Swire (@rob_swire) July 6, 2015
If you already have tinnitus, be more cautious, as other users have already documented some trouble.
Obviously, anecdotal evidence will arise. Keep in mind that until these effects are studied in a controlled environment, there can be no way to analyze the true effects of PG vs VG or vaping in general.
Rob Swire would like the research to go forward, though.
How's this: if any decent university audiology dept. is interested in studying links between e-cigs/vapes and propylene-glycol-induced… — Rob Swire (@rob_swire) July 7, 2015
…hearing loss, I'd be willing to fund the research. Will need proof and proposal etc. Tweet @ me or contact http://t.co/w2zO8pSSLR — Rob Swire (@rob_swire) July 7, 2015
Again, the most important point to take away from this is that research on propylene glycol in inhalants has not been conducted. Keep using PG if you'd like, no one is going to stop you. But if you have a career in music, you might want to be a bit cautious anyway.
On another note, looks like we'll be seeing some more Knife Party material soon. Sure took them long enough.
Recreational drone users in Canada face new restrictions on where and when they can fly their remote-controlled devices, under new rules being announced today by Transportation Minister Marc Garneau.
The rules, which are effective immediately, mean recreational users will face a fine of up to $3,000 if drones weighing more than 250 grams are caught flying:
Higher than 90 metres.
Within 75 metres of buildings, vehicles, vessels, animals or people.
More than 500 metres away from the user.
At night, in clouds or somewhere you can't see it.
Within nine kilometres of somewhere aircraft take off or land, or a forest fire.
Without your name, address and phone number marked on the drone itself.
Over forest fires, emergency response scenes or controlled airspace.
Some of those rules existed only as guidelines before the announcement, Garneau said, with no specific penalties for breaking them.
RCMP Chief Supt. Brian Stubbs said at the announcement at Toronto's downtown Billy Bishop Airport that police could really only penalize someone using a drone dangerously if they broke a section of the Criminal Code, such as criminal negligence or mischief.
"These regulations will give us a [less harsh] way to manage these types of calls," he said.
"Of course discretion is a part of this as well too. Police officers have the discretion just to educate, perhaps, an operator of a drone, all the way to [using] the Criminal Code."
Transport Canada says anyone who sees someone flying a drone illegally should call 911.
The new rules do not apply to people flying at sites and events sanctioned by the Model Aeronautics Association of Canada, a national model aircraft association Garneau said has an excellent safety record.
More incidents being reported
Garneau pointed out that people who use drones for commercial, academic or research reasons already have to get a special certificate, and most fly them safely.
But he added that Transport Canada has noticed a large increase in the number of reported safety incidents involving drones in the last three years: 41 in 2014, 85 in 2015 and 148 last year.
"I believe that we have to strike the right balance between encouraging the drone industry, but doing it responsibly," he said.
Transport Minister Marc Garneau describes a number of interim measures for drone operations in Canada, describing the possibility of a crash between a drone and an airplane as a 'nightmare scenario'. 2:38
He said an overhaul of Canada's regulations for all unmanned aircraft is coming in June, but there's an urgent need to do something now on an interim basis.
"When it comes to safety, I don't think anything is overkill," said Garneau in response to a reporter's question.
"I have read almost on a daily basis reports from pilots coming into airports, on the flight path, and reporting seeing a drone off the wing."
Effect on urban users?
In a statement, the Ottawa International Airport Authority called this a "necessary and welcome move."
"As drones grow in popularity, we need to work closely together to ensure that our skies remain safe for aviation activity while keeping communities safe from collateral harm," said Mark Laroche, the airport authority's president and CEO.
Others wondered where drone users in cities would have left to fly.
New drone rule banning use within 9km of where aircraft take off should mean no drones anywhere in <a href="https://twitter.com/CityOfVictoria">@CityOfVictoria</a> due to float planes. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/yyj?src=hash">#yyj</a> <a href="https://t.co/HIyEz0LxcV">https://t.co/HIyEz0LxcV</a> —@GregorCraigie
The proposed recreational drone rules would effectively ban drones everywhere in Toronto, except Scarborough. <a href="https://twitter.com/amkfoote">@amkfoote</a> <a href="https://t.co/tv6r6q8C1y">pic.twitter.com/tv6r6q8C1y</a> —@johnbowman
Much of Halifax just became a no-drone zone... <a href="https://t.co/EY2995XENn">https://t.co/EY2995XENn</a> —@Brett_CBC
"There are places where drones can be used, I would encourage people to contact the Model [Aeronautics] Association of Canada or to find an area that is more remote," Garneau said.
"We've had too many incidents of drones landing near people, landing on cars and they pose a hazard. If they're over 250 grams they can cause serious damage, including killing people."
No one can accuse the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, known as SIGAR, of sugarcoating the truth.
The investigating body published its quarterly report for Congress Wednesday, looking at a variety of United States-funded programs and projects, and this line just about sums it up: “poor planning, shoddy construction, mechanical failures, and inadequate oversight.”
Afghanistan is the biggest reconstruction project the US has ever undertaken, consuming more than $104 billion so far.
“Adjusted for inflation, US appropriations for the reconstruction of Afghanistan exceed the funds committed to the Marshall Plan, the US aid program that delivered billions of dollars between 1948 and 1952 to help 16 European countries recover in the aftermath of World War II.”
Has it been worth it? Judge for yourself.
1. The $1.57-billion firetrap
(AFP/Getty Images)
Trust the US Army Corps of Engineers to look on the bright side, even when it turns out that they had spent $1.57 billion on substandard facilities for the Afghan military.
The problem is a polyurethane foam insulation that does not meet minimal requirements. The USACE acknowledged that 1,600 out of 2,000 buildings have “an increased risk in the event of a fire,” but urged SIGAR not to worry.
“The typical occupant populations for these facilities are young, fit Afghan soldiers and recruits who have the physical ability to make a hasty retreat during a developing situation,” a senior USACE official explained in a memorandum issued last January.
In other words, they can jump out a window or something.
Sounds like a good idea — except that some of the affected buildings were barracks, where soldiers might be asleep, and medical clinics, where not all occupants might be able to run.
Oh, but the substandard facilities also included fire stations.
2. Contracts for the Taliban?
(AFP/Getty Images)
The US Army has decided that classified information sufficient to have a person targeted and killed is not enough to bar that person from receiving US government contracts.
John Sopko, the special inspector general himself, is clearly irritated by this.
“It is troubling that our government can and does use classified information to arrest, detain, and even kill individuals linked to the insurgency in Afghanistan, but apparently the same classified information cannot be used to deny these same individuals their rights to contract work with the US government,” he writes in an introduction to the latest report.
Sopko's been fighting this battle for a while.
“As I have pointed out in our last five quarterly reports, [this] is not only legally wrong, but contrary to sound policy and national security goals,” he writes.
It is also nuts, but Sopko can't really say that. He comes close, though.
“I continue to urge the secretary of defense and Congress to change this misguided policy and impose common sense on the Army's suspension and debarment program.”
3. The $7.6-billion heroin subsidy
(AFP/Getty Images)
At least agriculture is booming. According to the report, “Afghan farmers are growing more poppy today than ever before, and in 2013 the value of that opium and its derivatives was estimated at $3 billion, or the equivalent of 15 percent of Afghanistan's GDP, representing a substantial increase from 2012.”
Not only is production rising, but marketing is going well, too.
“Afghan heroin is increasingly reaching new markets, such as Oceania and South West Asia, that had been traditionally supplied from South East Asia.”
Sounds like a Chamber of Commerce report, doesn't it? Oh, wait; a flourishing heroin industry is not exactly what we were aiming for.
The US has put $7.6 billion into counternarcotics efforts in Afghanistan, which seems only to have stimulated growth.
“For the third consecutive year, Afghanistan, already the world's largest producer and cultivator of opium poppies, saw an increase in the area under cultivation (from 154,000 hectares in 2012 to 209,000 hectares in 2013) — a 36 percent increase.”
4. The Afghan Local Police: The foxes guarding the henhouse?
(AFP/Getty Images)
It sounded like such a good idea. The Afghan Local Police, or ALP, was designed to “strengthen local governance by training local Afghans in rural areas to defend their communities against insurgents and other illegally armed groups.”
So far, the US has put $214 million into this local force, and in general the program has been a success.
“According to an independent assessment released last quarter, public perceptions of ALP's value to community security were overall very positive,” says the report.
There is a fairly big “but,” however: “Unpaid ALP units were accused of predatory behavior, corruption and criminality,” SIGAR says.
One example of such unattractive conduct came in eastern Afghanistan, where an ALP unit “cut the power lines from Kabul to eastern Laghman and Nangahar Provinces in retaliation for not being paid for three months."
This, advises SIGAR, “could be a sign of the turmoil to come if the Afghan government cannot meet payrolls.”
5. Where have all the rifles gone?
(AFP/Getty Images)
Over the past decade or so, the US Defense Department has provided more than 747,000 weapons and auxiliary equipment to the Afghan National Security Forces valued at approximately $626 million.
That's a lot of guns. Too many, in fact: “SIGAR found that, as of November 2013, more than 112,000 weapons provided to the ANA and ANP exceed requirements.” It was referring to the Afghan National Army and National Police, respectively.
So what will Afghan security forces do with all those excess rifles, pistols, machine guns, and grenade launchers? Since Afghanistan is located in a very volatile region, with concerns about weapons falling into the wrong hands always a concern, there must be an ironclad system for keeping track, right?
“As for weapons provided to the ANP, there is no standardized or automated system to account for them. Instead, the ANP uses a combination of hard-copy documents, handwritten records, and some Microsoft Excel spreadsheets to maintain inventory records.”
6. The Afghan Army: All guns, no butter
(AFP/Getty Images)
The Afghan National Security Forces are the crowning achievement of the 13-year reconstruction. US combat troops will be gone by the end of this year, and the burden for defending the country against the insurgency will fall primarily on Afghans themselves.
This, says Gen. Joseph Dunford, NATO commander in Afghanistan, could be a disaster.
“I'm not confident that if we were to leave at the end of 2014, that those forces would be sustainable,” the SIGAR report quotes him as saying. “There are some significant capability gaps that have to be addressed in order for the Afghans to be able to do things that we have heretofore been doing for them.”
One of the main things we've been doing for them is giving them money. The bulk of reconstruction money — $62 billion since 2002 — has gone to the military.
According to SIGAR, an independent assessment by the Center for Naval Analyses has calculated that Afghanistan will need “a total security force of about 373,400 personnel … in the likely 2015–2018 security environment.” Less, they caution, “would increase the risk of instability.”
The problem is, Afghanistan simply cannot afford it. The military would consume the entire Afghan budget three times over, leaving nothing for infrastructure or social services.
“Even if the Afghan government dedicated all of its domestic revenue toward sustaining the Afghan army and police, it still could only pay for about a third of the associated costs,” writes SIGAR. “All other costs — those required to pay civil servants and to operate and maintain roads, schools, hospitals, and other non military infrastructure and programs — would have to be funded by international donors or abandoned.”
This, SIGAR adds, would be “unwise, even if it were possible.”
7. Corruption
(AFP/Getty Images)
The elephant in any room when talking about Afghanistan is the pervasive, massive, barefaced corruption that permeates almost every facet of life.
According to the former commander of NATO in Afghanistan, Gen. John Allen, corruption is the biggest threat to Afghanistan's future — worse than the Taliban.
There has been a lot of talk about fighting corruption. In 2008, the Afghan president created a special institution to deal with the problem, the High Office for Oversight and Anti-Corruption (HOOAC).
HOOAC is a fairly unappealing acronym, sounding more like a throat-clearing mechanism than a fully functioning body. It lives up to its name, according to SIGAR:
"The State Department and the US Agency for International Development “have reported previously that the High Office of Oversight and Anticorruption is dysfunctional, ineffective, and politicized … neither [the State Department nor the Department of Justice] engaged with the HOO during this quarter.”
So, with more than $104 billion in reconstruction efforts at stake, what is the United States doing about corruption?
SIGAR is succinct:
“There is no comprehensive US strategy or guidance on combating corruption.”
So much for Afghanistan reconstruction.
| by Stefan Novakovic |
Continuing our annual Growth to Watch For series, we continue west from our Entertainment District and Southwest Toronto coverage into South Etobicoke, bringing you an overview of the developments set to make an impact on the area in 2016. While much of Toronto's development continues to be clustered in and around the Downtown core, Etobicoke's lakeside skyline is experiencing fast-paced growth in its own right, with a significant number of projects—some of which are among the tallest in the city—currently underway.
Our coverage of the area is divided into three sections, beginning with an overview of the projects which should complete this year, followed by projects where it will be see construction start or continue through the year, and we will finish up with a preview of proposed and approved projects in the area that we may see activity on later this year.
2016 Completions
With much of Etobicoke's high-rise construction activity clustered near the Lake, the Humber Bay Shores and Lake Shore Boulevard corridor are set to see a wealth of projects completed in 2016. Overlooking Mimico Creek just north of Lake Shore Boulevard, The Times Group's Key West kicks off our coverage in Etobicoke's east end, with the 44-storey Burka Architects-designed tower now in the closing stages of construction. With the building now topped off and 90% of the cladding installed, the project is already shaping up aesthetically, with precast concrete piers emphasizing the vertical amidst the surrounding cluster of towers.
Key West in December 2015, image by Craig White
South and east of Key West, a number of projects along Lake Shore Boulevard are also set to complete this year. At 2151 Lake Shore, Mattamy/Monarch and Biddington's Lago At the Waterfront is set to top off and begin occupancy within the year. Designed by Graziani + Corazza, the 49-storey skyscraper is already making a notable impact on Etobicoke's Humber Bay skyline with balconies sporting alternating light and dark tints every four floors to the top.
Lago at the Waterfront in December 2015, image by Craig White
Immediately east of Lago facing the Bay, the 14-storey Riva del Lago sister project is also expected to make major progress over the coming months, with the boutique condominium (also designed by G+C for Mattamy/Monarch and Biddington) set to top off mid-year, and nearing completion by the end of 2016. With much of Etobicoke's waterfront undergoing a dramatic influx of high-rise density, the comparatively scaled down Riva del Lago offers a more intimate alternative to many of the area's more imposing skyscrapers.
Lago and Riva del Lago (l-r) in December 2015, image by Craig White
Moving southwest, Jade Waterfront Condos is a close neighbour to the Lago siblings, with Phantom Development's 41-storey tower topped off and entering the closing stages of construction. With balcony glass partway through installation, Quadrangle Architects' wave-inspired design aesthetic is already evident on the short sides of the tower, underscoring the project's proximity to the water.
Jade Waterfront Condos in December 2015, image by Craig White
Continuing along Lake Shore Boulevard, the cluster of towers near Mimico Creek and Humber Bay Park gives way to more intimate and less development-heavy streetscapes through Mimico and New Toronto. At Lake Shore and Kipling, however, Humber College's Lakeshore Campus is set to see a number of its ambitious expansion projects completed this year. The Moriyama & Teshima-designed Welcome Centre targets a late 2016 opening, with the building set to become a marquee showcase for the growing campus.
The Welcome Centre under construction, image courtesy of Humber College
Humber's new Athletic Centre is also scheduled to complete late this year, and also features a modern Moriyama & Teshima design. Located directly on Lake Shore Boulevard, the 24,00 square foot facility will be equipped with extensive cardio and weight equipment, group fitness studios, and change rooms/showers. Both buildings target LEED Silver certification.
The Athletic Centre under construction in early 2016, image courtesy of Humber College
Located on the grounds and within the renovated buildings of the former Lakeshore Psychiatric Hospital, the campus will also see the last of the historic cottages—known as Building G—restored to become the College's Centre for Entrepeneurship, housing meeting spaces and group study areas. In addition to a complete restoration of the existing property, the project will also see a new wing added to the cottage. Like the above developments, the Centre for Entrepeneurship targets a 2016 opening.
Building G as it appears in early 2016, image courtesy of Humber College
Further west along Lake Shore Boulevard, the first phase of Minto, Kilmer, and Diamond Corp's Minto Long Branch is set to be completed this year. The Giannone Petricone and Guthrie Muscovitch Architects-designed retail and condominium development will include suburban-style street-level retail along Lake Shore, as well as a total of 501 residential units. The project takes its name from one of the three former towns of Etobicoke's south end; Mimico, New Toronto, and Long Branch.
Part of the retail portion of Minto Long Branch, image by UT Forum contributor salsa
More Construction
While 2016 is poised to see many of Etobicoke's more prominent developments completed, some of the area's largest ongoing projects target a later completion date, while a number of newer developments are expected to launch construction later in the year.
Once again moving east to west, our starting point near the mouth of Mimico Creek will see some of Etobicoke's tallest projects make construction progress this year. At 2147 and 2143 Lake Shore Boulevard West, The Conservatory Group's Waterways (below) and Cove at Waterways towers are set to make major progress this year, though neither of the Richmond Architects-designed buildings will be completed by the end of 2016.
A rendering of the 56-storey Waterways tower, courtesy of The Conservatory Group
While the excavation pit for both phases has been dug at the same time, the 16-storey Cove at Waterways (below) is already considered under construction—and could top off by the end of the year—but its 56-storey sibling is set to see actual construction launch at a later date. The towers will join what is quickly becoming Etobicoke's tallest residential cluster.
The site for Cove at Waterways, image courtesy of UT Forum contributor drum118
Moving southwest again, Empire's Eau du Soleil Condos is the tallest project currently under construction outside of Toronto's Downtown core. Eau du Soleil's two Richmond Architects and Zeidler Partnership Architects-designed towers will rise to heights of 66 and 49 storeys. Following last year's groundbreaking, the development's huge excavation pit is now close to completion.
The site for Eau du Soleil in late 2015, image by UT Forum contributor Keyz
A short distance from Eau du Soleil, The Onni Group's 46-storey Westlake Encore is further along with some of the garage levels now being formed, and the tower should be most of the way to its final height by the end of the year. The Page + Steele / IBI Group-designed development is set to reach the sloping grade in the coming few months. With the site already surrounded by a tall cluster of towers, the project seems a natural fit for the area, which less than a decade ago was still occupied by parking lots and low-rise industrial buildings.
Westlake Encore in late December 2015, image by UT Forum contributor drum118
Moving west into Mimico Village, Stanton's On The GO Mimico—located on Royal York Road a kilometre north of Lake Shore—will see construction continue throughout the year. Designed by McCallum Sather Architects, the 27-storey development markets itself as a convenient option for commuters to Downtown Toronto, with the tower located (as the name implies) right at the Mimico GO Station.
A rendering of On the GO Mimico, image courtesy of Stanton Renaissance
Continuing to the northwest, the second phase of The Remington Group's IQ Condos is currently underway on The Queensway, with a pair of 24-storey towers set to rise above their 12-storey phase one neighbours. With construction reaching grade at the end of 2015, the Richmond Architects-designed project is expected to top off by the end of the year, but complete in 2017.
The site for IQ phase 2 seen in front of IQ phase 1 in December 2015, image by UT Forum Contributor Jasonzed
Rounding off the year's expected construction progress, the ongoing expansion of western Etobicoke's Sherway Gardens Mall will continue throughout the year, with a number of major retailers scheduled to open in 2016, including Saks Fifth Avenue on February 25. The continued Dialog Architects-led expansion follows the opening of the Cadillac Fairview mall's new Northwest wing in September, and the debut of John McEwan's new art installation at the end of last year. Construction will continue at the mall into 2017 with the addition of a new Nordstrom.
The new Sherway interior in December 2015, image by Craig White
Future Growth to Watch For
In the longer-term future, south Etobicoke will to continue to be re-shaped by an influx new developments. Some of the projects in the works for the area include the approved third phase of IQ Condos, the low-rise commercial components on Lake Shore Boulevard through Humber Bay Shores, including at the Ocean Club development. Across Lake Shore in this area is the huge question mark of the Mondelez Lands, where the old Mr. Christie's cookies factory was, and where we await news on what could be a huge redevelopment proposal here. In addition, the current status of proposed developments at 1926 Lake Shore West, 2313 Lake Shore West, and 42 Park Lawn Road, is not precisely known, though these projects could move forward in the coming years. The City is also preparing a new Sherway Area Master Plan to direct redevelopment of the area around the growing mall, including its parking lots.
Our Growth to Watch For series will continue with more overviews of Toronto's development hotspots, with a look at the growth within reach of the Bloor end of the Bloor Danforth subway line coming up next. In the meantime, make sure to check out the dataBase files and Forum threads for each of the projects mentioned for more information. Want to share your thoughts on development in these neighbourhoods? Leave a comment at the bottom of the page, or join in on the discussion in one of our associated Forum threads.
Dana Daqqaq, a bartender at Pub Sharqi, in Damascus, Syria. "People are tired of war and just want to live a normal life, so they go out, they socialize," she told Reuters. Omar Sanadiki/Reuters
The Syrian civil war has been raging for more than four years, and while millions of refugees have fled the country, there are many young Syrians who are just trying to live normal lives. In Damascus' Old City, just a mile away from the war's front lines, young Syrians have started going to bars and clubs in an effort to experience normality. This is not something you would have seen two years ago — many of these bars have opened just over the past couple of months.
Below, take a look at what nightlife is like in Damascus' Old City, as captured by Reuters photographer Omar Sanadiki:
Breakside Brewery has fine-tuned Vienna Coffee Beer into a new winter draft-only seasonal released two-ways, with different coffees. Try both this Saturday at Velo Cult in Portland and the brewpub with a release party, bicycle pub crawl, discounted beers, live music and free donuts.
Breakside is releasing two versions of Vienna Coffee Beer simultaneously, each with a different cold brew concentrate from Stumptown. Both versions will be draft-only and be available through December. Each has it's own distinct coffee flavor and it's encouraged to try them side-by-side. The two versions are Vienna Coffee Beer with:
Ethiopian Nano Challa Coffee – experimental coffee beer made with European kilned malts, fermented at cool temperatures, and dosed with cold Ethiopian Nano Challa toddy from Stumptown Coffee.
OG Cold Brew – Classic blend of Latin America beans that Stumptown uses in their super popular bottled Cold Brew Coffee.
​
Vienna Coffee Beer Release Party
Saturday, December 12th 10am-3pm @ Velo Cult
1969 NE 42nd Ave, Portland, OR 97213
http://velocult.com
To celebrate this caffeinated release to warm your bones and get your blood pumping we will be holding a release party at Velo Cult bike bar that begins with coffee, beer and FREE DONUTS (while they last) from Coco Donuts ! After enjoying both versions of the beer (pints will be $5) and getting some sugar and carbs in we will head out on a leisurely morning ride to Breakside's Dekum brewpub at 10:30am.
Breakside's flagship woodlawn brewpub will have $1 off pints of both versions of Vienna Coffee Beer when the bike ride arrives. At about Noon we will gather the riders back up to leave Breakside's pub on NE Dekum to circle back to Velo Cult for lunch at 1pm with more beers and music from Bullets & Belles
10am Beer & Donuts @ Velo Cult
1030am Morning Bike Ride to Breakside Brewpub
11pm $1 off Vienna Coffee Beer pints at Breakside
1pm Party back at Velo Cult with live music from Bullets & Belles
This article was originally posted on swombat.com in December 2010.
This question pops up regularly on Hacker News. What will kill Facebook? Before that, it was “What will kill Google?” There was no Hacker News before that, but if there had been, it would have been “What will kill Microsoft?”
Often, the question is asked with a combination of rage and envy. The questioner doesn't like Facebook, they want it dead, and they wouldn't mind if they were the one who came up with something that killed it. Aren't entrepreneurs charming?
However, the question is fundamentally flawed. It's the wrong question. It leads nowhere. The only company that can kill Facebook is Facebook. Here's why.
Undead Facebook
First of all, let's assume that right this minute there is a startup which is just like Facebook 5 years ago. Let's call it Smashbook. Let's further assume that Smashbook is going to do to Facebook what Facebook did to MySpace. We don't know how it might do that, and we don't care. We just care that this is the Facebook Killer.
What then?
Take a look at the top 100 sites. What do you find at position 51? MySpace. Wait a minute, didn't MySpace get “killed” by Facebook? They sure did, and Smashbook will have exactly the same effect on Facebook. It will drop from position 2 to position 10. Maybe. After a few years.
In other words, even if a Facebook killer was out today and ripped Facebook a new one, it would still take many years for this to be noticed by Facebook, and it would take decades before it finally did kill Facebook.
Ok, but how to kill it?
Is it even possible for Smashbook to exist? The evidence of Facebook killing MySpace would point to ‘yes', but this is not so clear. When Facebook came on the scene, MySpace already had many issues. Due to MySpace's design and its demographic, large groups of people were simply not interested in joining MySpace, and so MySpace already carried the baggage that would eventually cause it to get trampled by Facebook.
Facebook, on the other hand, doesn't have any such flaws. You might say that privacy is Facebook's flaw – Diaspora and others are certainly betting on that – but, unlike design and demographics, privacy is not something that most people care about. The odd geek will get angry and leave Facebook, but for most, privacy is of no interest.
In this, Facebook is similar to Google: it has utterly dominated its market and has such a lead over its potential competitors that no one can catch it. Facebook is as unkillable as Google.
So how unkillable is Google?
To see whether Google can be killed, let's look at the previous “unsinkable” title-holder: Microsoft.
Microsoft is far from dead (and probably will never die), but it has made a very good attempt on its own life in the last decade. With Windows Vista, Microsoft did what it could do commit suicide on its flagship product. Six years of delays, bugs, driver support issues, usability issues, and so on – Vista had them all. And yet even that didn't work. Microsoft's revenues barely took a hit. Like any company of this size, it will take decades for it to kill itself, and it will have countless chances to avoid death along the way (and probably will successfully take one of them).
No company is really “killing” Microsoft. What may be killing Microsoft is its own failure to adapt and evolve with the times. What will eventually kill Microsoft's current cash cow is the slow but inescapable disappearance of the Windows/Office monopoly, to be replaced by “the cloud”, whatever form it eventually takes.
Google, similarly, will be killed not by a competitor rising out of nowhere, but by falling into irrelevance. This will take many, many years, and Google will have many chances to jump onto whatever the next wave of relevance is.
So, back to the beginning.
What will kill Facebook?
As I said at the beginning, this question is flawed. Facebook, like Google and Microsoft before it, has risen on a giant wave, that of social networks. As an entrepreneur, thinking about “killing Facebook” is unproductive. You won't kill Facebook. No one will.
The right question to ask, instead, is:
What will be the next giant wave?
If you can figure that out, and execute the right business to catch that wave, and beat every other business who sees it too, and end up king of the hill at the top of the next wave, then you will have beaten Facebook in the only way which is meaningfully possible. Chances are, when you get there, you won't care much about how to kill Facebook, or any other mega-company.
Thoughts from 2017
The points of this article are still true. The latest darling to kill is Apple, and many are predicting its demise. I joined in that, with a caveat1. The caveat is partly informed from the views in this article. You can't “kill” giants like Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, etc – you can only wait for them to fail to catch every single important wave of change. Eventually all things die, but category dominators like these companies take a ridiculously long time to die.
This is strange. Why are conservatives more hostile to Muslims and Islam today than they were in the terrifying aftermath of 9/11? And why have American Muslims, who in 2000 mostly voted Republican, apparently replaced gays and feminists as the right's chief culture-war foe?
For half a century, cultural conservatives have vowed to protect America against threats from domestic insurgencies: black militancy, feminism, the gay-rights movement. But those insurgencies involved large and restive groups. Muslims, by contrast, make up only 1 percent of the U.S. population. And they are not restive. Yes, a tiny share sympathizes with Salafi groups like the Islamic State, or ISIS. But unlike the civil-rights, abortion-rights, and gay-rights activists of eras past, American Muslims are not seeking to transform American culture and law. They are not marching in the streets. For the most part, they constitute a small, well-educated, culturally conservative minority that wants little more from the government than to be left alone.
Muslims have become the right's greatest cultural enemy in large part because they are what remains after the ideological collapse of the “war on terror.” After September 11, George W. Bush outlined an epic, generational struggle—a successor to World War II and the Cold War—to make the Middle East democratic and pro-American. “In our grief and anger,” he told a joint session of Congress nine days after the attacks, “we have found our mission and our moment.”
For a time, that mission directed the right's energies outward. Most conservatives (along with many liberals) supported Bush's efforts to occupy and transform Afghanistan and Iraq. Undergirding these efforts lay a deep confidence in the power of American arms, the size of America's bank account, and the universal relevance of American democracy.
Since Bush's second term, however, when both the Afghan and Iraq Wars went dramatically south, that confidence has collapsed. Today, most conservatives credit Bush for the success of the Iraq surge, but they no longer propose large deployments of American troops to the Middle East, and they no longer believe America can spend limitlessly abroad. And especially since the failed Arab Spring, they no longer proclaim the necessity—or even the desirability—of Arab democracy. Whereas the Bush administration once pressured Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak to hold free elections, prominent conservatives now praise his successor, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, for having led a coup to overturn their results.
But if conservatives no longer believe they can transform the Middle East, they still greatly fear terrorism by Muslims. A 2014 poll by the Pew Research Center found that Republicans were 31 percentage points more likely than Democrats to be “very concerned” about the threat of “Islamic extremism” around the world. The result is a mismatch between conservative anxieties and conservative methods. Although most conservatives are happy to bomb ISIS, the American right has lost its appetite for a vast overseas struggle against jihadist terror. Instead of tempering their view of the threat, conservatives have domesticated it. By reconceiving the Islamist danger as a largely domestic problem, conservatives can now fight it ferociously without having to invade any other countries.
A California transit agency is ratcheting up pressure on President Trump to unblock federal funding for an electrification project, which suffered a major setback last week after its grant money was put on hold.
In a petition to the White House, Caltrain is urging the administration to reverse course on its decision to halt $647 million worth of grant money for the transit agency until at least the fiscal 2018 budget. California officials say the delay could have a major impact on the economy and jobs in the region.
“You have said infrastructure and jobs will be a keystone of your administration. When you spoke with Silicon Valley leaders you praised their innovation and said ‘anything we can do to help this go along, we're going to be there for you,'” the petition says.
“Shovel-ready transportation projects would put Americans to work in good manufacturing and infrastructure jobs. Caltrain Electrification would support over 9,600 Americans, not only in California, but in states including Utah, Virginia, and Pennsylvania.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The transit agency planned to use the money to pay for a large chunk of its $2 billion plan to electrify a portion of commuter rail that runs between San Francisco and San Jose. The efforts would also eventually benefit a high-speed rail project in the state, which has been a lightning rod among Republicans.
Last week, the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) decided to pump the brakes on Caltrain's electrification funding pending “additional time to complete review of this significant commitment of federal resources.”
The move follows directly on the heels of a letter from 14 California Republicans, who pleaded with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to block the federal grants and argued that the money would be wasted.
GOP lawmakers have blasted California's high-speed railway project linking the state's two metropolitan hubs after federal officials concluded that the rail line is likely to cost taxpayers far more than was initially projected.
“We think providing additional funding at this time ... would be an irresponsible use of taxpayer dollars,” the Republicans wrote in their letter to Chao.
The letter was spearheaded by Rep. Jeff Denham (R-Calif.), who chairs the House Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee that oversees railroads.
The fight over the proposed 800 miles of high-speed rail has long pitted California Republicans, who say the project is a government boondoggle, against Gov. Jerry Brown (D), who sees it as a cornerstone to his legacy and who has emerged as one of Trump's most vocal and biting critics.
The Obama administration provided billions in grant funding for the effort through the 2009 stimulus package and an omnibus appropriations measure in 2010. California voters also approved a nearly $10 billion bond to fund the project in 2008.
But since the high-speed rail system was first proposed, costs have ballooned, from about $33 billion to more than $60 billion.
-Reid Wilson contributed to this report
Last night, I spotted a tweet from simms22 linking to a video of the Honeycomb boot animation on a CM7ed Nexus S. This morning I awoke to a tweet from him with a link to download it. Update: about an hour ago, simms notified me that the original animation is the work of XDA member zul8er, and tnpapadakos then released an updated (fixed) version.
I think this is the first time I've ever seen his pretend pervertedness actually pan out.
And indeed, sexy it is. For those who missed the boot animation the first go-round, we were impressed the when we saw it earlier this month on the XOOM, and it looks just as good scaled down. See for yourself:
The best part? It's not really just limited to the Nexus S... or even CM7, apparently. I've successfully put it on my EVO, and at least one person has reported putting it on their stock (rooted) ROM. Even better, installation is dead simple. Before I say how, though, the usual disclaimers: this has not been thoroughly tested. I haven't seen anyone other than myself flash it on a device other than the Nexus S, meaning I can only confirm this works on the EVO and Nexus S. I can't confirm which ROMs this does and doesn't work on, aside from CM7 and stock Nexus S see the update below. With all that said, I will say this doesn't strike me as a very risky mod (you're just manually overwriting bootanimation.zip), and if you back up the original beforehand, there shouldn't be much to worry about.
Obviously, this requires root, and some sort of SuperUser-enabled file explorer - Root Explorer works well, although I know there is a free alternative out there. To install:
instructions...
download the boot animation. using root explorer, copy this bootanimation.zip to the /system/media/ folder. yes, copy over the one thats already there. then just reboot. YOU are doing this to your phone, not me. DO NOT FLASH THIS, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.as i didnt flash it so im not sure that you can.
i do not know who made this but thank you very much. and many thanks to Avetny for passing this to me. [sic] [Source: XDA-Developers (simms22)]
Once again, I'll say this is very easy, but there is some risk involved. If you give it a shot, please let us know what device and ROM you're using and how it went. I'll update the post if/as needed based on any feedback we receive via the comments.
Want to give your CM7 device an even bigger injection of Honeycomb? Try out the Honeybread theme - I've been using it since the first alpha release, and it started out great and has only improved since.
[Source: simms22
Veronica Sam, a member of the Tohono O'odham nation in Arizona, rests next to a statuette of Saint Francis Javier in Magdalena de Kino, Mexico, on Oct. 4. (Matthew Corbisiero/AP)
For 75 miles, a swath of the Sonoran Desert in Arizona — specked with mountains and tall saguaros — straddles the border with Mexico. It is the Tohono O'odham Nation, a Native American reservation the size of Connecticut that for thousands of years extended south into Sonora, Mexico.
Border Patrol agents and a steel-post fence already make it difficult for the O'odham people to freely cross the border to visit relatives and traditional sacred sites in Mexico. But building a border wall, which President-elect Donald Trump has planned to do, would cement that division even further.
In light of Trump's presidential win, Tohono O'odham Nation tribal leaders said they would refuse to support building a border wall on their land.
“Over my dead body will a wall be built,” Verlon Jose, the tribe's vice chairman, said in an interview with local radio station KJZZ. Jose said he invites Trump to visit the reservation to see why a physical border wall would not be a good idea for the tribe or the country.
Without the tribe's support, Trump could be forced to accept a 75-mile-wide gap in his wall.
Federal law requires the Bureau of Land Management to consult with tribal governments before making any changes to land use, as the Huffington Post noted. Trump's only option for building a wall on the land would be through a stand-alone bill in Congress that would have to condemn the land and remove it from the trust for the Tohono O'odham nation, which is recognized by law as an autonomous tribal government.
Amy Juan, an O'odham tribe member and co-founder of the Tohono O'odham Hemajkam Rights Network, said a border wall would be “devastating,” not only for the tribe but for the animals, wildlife and water that flows across the border. It would make it even harder for tribe members to visit and care for burial sites in Mexico.
“The effects would be bigger than ourselves,” Juan said in an interview with The Washington Post. “As a people, as a community, it would be a literal separation from our home. Half of the traditional lands of our people lie in Mexico.”
Today, 28,000 members occupy Tohono O'odham land in southwestern Arizona, according to the tribe's website. Nine O'odham communities in Mexico lie directly south of the 2.8 million-acre Tohono O'odham Nation. Much of the land is separated only by the border.
Tohono O'odham Nation Reservation (Google Maps)
Traditional Tohono O'odham land once extended south to Sonora, Mexico, north past Phoenix, west to the Gulf of California and east to the San Pedro River. But through the Gadsden Purchase of 1853, the land became divided between the United States and Mexico.
Decades ago, only a three-strand, barbed-wire fence existed on the border, and tribe members could cross easily into and out of the United States. But after the 2006 Secure Fence Act, which aimed to line the border with additional barriers, waist-high metal posts were built, the Arizona Daily Star reported. O'odham tribe members became accustomed to seeing Border Patrol checkpoints on their land and agents driving through it.
Some in the O'odham community initially welcomed the checkpoints as a way to address the drug cartels crossing the border illegally, but many in the O'odham community are now protesting what they see as a “militarization” of their home, Juan said.
“It really creates a culture of fear,” Juan said.
[A journey along the border offers an up-close view into what it would take to complete a wall]
Like all Americans, tribe members must produce passports and border identification cards each time they enter the United States. According to the tribe's website, Border Patrol has on numerous occasions detained and deported members of the Tohono O'odham Nation for crossing the border, “practicing migratory traditions essential to their religion, economy and culture,” the website read.
U.S. Customs has also prevented tribe members from transporting raw materials and goods, and has confiscated cultural and religious items such as feathers, pine leaves or sweet grass. These items are “essential for their spirituality, economy and traditional culture,” the website wrote.
Members no longer feel they can hunt on the reservation without triggering Border Patrol scrutiny, the Arizona Daily Star reported.
Juan, a high school teacher on the reservation, said she recently asked students to tell her the first thing that came to mind when they thought of the border. The students mentioned words like “harassment,” “checkpoints,” and “identity,” Juan said. She said it hurts her to see young people “questioned about who they are.”
“They don't know what it's like to not have Border Patrol, they don't know what it's like to not have to go through checkpoints,” she said.
Adding to concerns on the reservation, the Department of Homeland Security has proposed building 15 permanent, fixed towers along the border for 24-hour surveillance, Juan said. Community members like Juan are worried about the cultural and environmental impacts of such towers.
She said she also fears that a Trump presidency could lead to further militarization of her community. Juan is, however, encouraged that her tribal leaders — who are often fairly passive about dealing with the Department of Homeland Security — are taking a stand against the wall.
“We can now continue with our work with a little more hope and support,” she said.
Jose, the tribe's vice chairman, said the Tohono O'odham Nation had always hoped to work with whoever would be elected president. But it was still too early to tell exactly how Trump's administration would affect the tribe, he said.
“I do wish to work together with people so we can truly protect the homeland of this place they call the United States of America,” Jose told KJZZ. “Not only for our people but for the American people.”
Juan said she hopes the dialogue about the wall sheds light on the history and plight of her people, in a similar way that the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe protests have captured the nation's attention.
“We were here before America was America,” Juan said. “We have always been here, before these lines were drawn, before these borders were created.”
“We are the roots of America,” she added.
More from Morning Mix:
Despite Trump's threat to cut federal funding, mayors pledge to protect undocumented immigrants
U-Va. students, faculty ‘deeply offended' by university president quoting Thomas Jefferson, the school's founder
Safety pins: Solidarity symbol or emblem of ‘white guilt'?
Around 400 Languages Of Indian Sub-Continent May Die Out In 50 Years, Says Linguistic Survey
August 4, 2017 | By Sikh Siyasat Bureau
New Delhi: According to the latest survey conducted by People's Linguistic Survey of India (PSLI) more than half of the languages spoken by habitats of the Indian sub-continent may die out over the next 50 years, calling for a concerted effort to preserve the tongues spoken by the endangered tribal communities.
As reported by the media the People's Linguistic Survey of India (PSLI) raised the alarm during the launch of the latest 11 volumes in its planned 50 volume surveys of the sub-continent's languages. India's people speak as many as 780 different languages, the PSLI reportedly said.
“At least 400 Indian languages are at the risk of dying in coming 50 years,” reads the quote from the statement of GN Devy, the chairman of PSLI.
”Each time a language is lost, the corresponding culture is killed, adding that sub-continent had already lost 250 languages in last five decades.”
It is believed that the scholars and students at PSLI documents regional languages in order to conserve cultural heritage and diversity.
Most at risk are marginal tribal communities whose children receive no education or, if they do go to school, are taught in one of 22 officially recognised languages in India's constitution, notes India Today.
“Maithili, which is spoken in the eastern state of Bihar, is at least 1,000 years old. Similarly there are several old languages which are surviving somehow in India, but we are hardly passing them on,” reads the statement of political psychologist Ashis Nandy published in The Tribune (TT).
Furthermore, GN Devy stated that the PSLI will start work on a project to document about 6,000 living languages spoken around the world. The report is scheduled to come out by 2025.
Tweet
Related Topics: Endangered Languages, Endangering Regional Language, Languages of The Sub-Continenet and the Process of Indian Nation Building
The French interior minister last year rubbished the idea promoted by Cameron today that France might tear up their agreement with Britain on border controls if we left the EU. Bernard Cazeneuve said:
“Calling for the border with the English to be opened is not a responsible solution. It would send a signal to people smugglers and would lead migrants to flow to Calais in far greater numbers. A humanitarian disaster would ensue. It is a foolhardy path, and one the government will not pursue. On the contrary, we're going to make the border even more watertight to dissuade smugglers and migrants, respect international rules and reduce the pressure on Calais.”
On Wato, Liam Fox demolished the idea that the French would end arrangements with Britain, accusing Cameron and Damian Green of “misquoting” the French interior minister. Looking at the verbatim quote from Cazeneuve, it would certainly appear the PM and fellow Inners are not reasonably representing the position of their French counterparts…
Subscribers to AT&T U-Verse and Verizon FiOS in the New York area will soon be able to view some of their favorite New York sports teams, including the New York Giants, Knicks, Rangers and Islanders, in high definition.
On Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission told Cablevision that it has 30 days to make the HD feeds of its MSG and MSG+ channels available to the two upstart pay TV companies, which compete against Cablevision in the market.
"The commission has concluded that HD programming is growing in significance to consumers and that consumers do not consider the standard definition version of a particular channel to be an adequate substitute for the HD version," the FCC said in its order.
The ruling is just the latest twist in a feud between Cablevision and other pay TV providers that dates back to 2009, when AT&T and Verizon separately filed against Cablevision for withholding its HD sports content, which the two companies considered vital programming.
While Cablevision provided its standard definition programming, it considered its HD content off-limits. It refused to comply with a January 2010 FCC ruling in which the commission said it had to provide the HD channels, and appealed the FCC's decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington. A year later, the court ruled in favor of the FCC, paving the way for Thursday's order.
"The FCC's decision means that Cablevision no longer can withhold popular programming, such as HD sports programming, from its competitors. We look forward to bringing our customers this 'must-have' content, and enhancing AT&T's U-Verse service to better compete against the cable companies," Bob Quinn, who leads AT&T's federal regulatory group, said in a statement.
True to form, Cablevision isn't taking the FCC's decision lying down, and it will try the courts again. In a statement, it said, "The data clearly demonstrates that there has been no competitive harm to the nation's two largest phone companies as a result of not having two HD channels they already receive in SD. . . . Instead of competing on the merits in the marketplace, Verizon and AT&T are manipulating federal law to gain an unfair advantage and we have every intention of pursuing relief in the courts."
Columbus actor and children's theater educator Ron Anderson died early Wednesday morning in Columbus Hospice House, surrounded by his wife, Debbie, and close friends.
He was 64.
For nearly two years, Anderson, beloved by the community, especially the thousands of children who have come through the Springer Theater Academy, has battled cancer in a very public way. On Oct. 1, 2014, he was diagnosed with inoperable Stage 4 pancreatic cancer and doctors told him he had about 12 months to live.
In those two years, he has spoken to dozens of churches and civic groups. He even returned to the Springer Opera House stage in December to star with his longtime friend and boss Paul Pierce in “A Tuna Christmas,” a play the two of them have perfected over the last 14 years. Anderson was not in the play, a farce about Christmastime in a small town, the year before because of his illness.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Ledger-Enquirer
Anderson used his illness as a life lesson, said Jens Rasmussen, an actor who met Anderson at First Stage Academy in Milwaukee.
“From the beginning of his illness, I felt like he had written a new lesson plan,” Rasmussen said Wednesday inside the Springer, as students and friends gathered to comfort each other. “That new plan was ‘How to teach people to die.'”
And Anderson taught that lesson with great passion and urgency.
In early May, Anderson, despite a chemotherapy treatment the previous day, went to A.J. McClung Memorial Stadium for the American Cancer Society Relay for Life. There he was met by some of his former Springer Theatre Academy students.
He thanked them for giving up their Friday night to support a worthy cause, something bigger than them.
“There are things worth fighting against,” he told the children, mostly teenagers. “You fight against prejudice. You fight against bias. There are things on the outside you fight, and cancer and chemotherapy are two of those things.”
But that wasn't Anderson's only point. He talked about the struggle and fight within.
“The biggest fight is on the inside,” he told them. “Once you win that fight, all the other fights are easy.”
Anderson's saying to his students was, “Life skills through stage skills.”
Abbey Crowley, a 16-year-old junior at Brookstone School, is one of those students Anderson has touched.
“I am a person addicted to structure, so naturally when Ron asked me about my plans for the future, I would articulate an exactly calculated plan,” Crowley said. “Ron responded, ‘That's all good stuff, but life is an improv. Planning is what you do before life actually starts.' Plans change, expectations can be wrong, and there is no map. Ron was a comedic reminder that that is OK.”
She said Anderson's impact on those he taught cannot be measured.
“He personally impacted thousands of individuals on a one-to-one basis,” she said. “It is no wonder that our community is hurt and suffering. But it is important to remember that this is an indicator not only of Ron's impact, but of his incontestable legacy that cannot fade.”
The play Anderson selected for the Theatre Academy to perform in the summer of 2014, just before he was diagnosed, was a preview of what was to come. That summer the students presented the classic “Charlotte's Web.”
“That's a tough play,” said Sally Baker, who took over the Theatre Academy when Anderson retired last year. “There is a scene where Charlotte dies. We talked about what to do with that scene and how to present it. Ron finally said, ‘Death is part of life and they have to learn that.'”
Anderson's cancer journey began about two months after that show, when he was diagnosed.
As word of Anderson entering hospice spread on social media in the last three days, many of those students responded with online tributes, posting photos of them hugging “Mr. Ron,” and emotional tributes of how he touched their lives.
Theresa Garcia Robertson and her seven siblings were all touched by Anderson and the theater academy. She was one of the friends with him when he passed away.
“Ron Anderson saved me from myself,” she said. “He loved me. For me. He encouraged me. He told me hard things. He gave me tough love. He made me feel like I could conquer the world. He taught me that plans are overrated. He taught me to trust myself. He taught me how to focus, how to enthusiastically be, to always strive to improve, to be a team player, and to be the most outstanding version of myself. In every part of my life, I have sought his advice and council. We haven't always agreed, but he never once judged me or my choices.”
And he did that with countless students and children, many of them in that awkward stage of life.
“He has this knack for making you feel as if you are the most important person in the room,” Robertson said. “He is a builder of confidence, of courage, and of the ability to fail with pride... at least you tried.”
Anderson, a Macon native and University of Georgia graduate with a degree in English, came back to his home state from Milwaukee in 1996. He was running a successful children's theater academy there when his college buddy Pierce offered him a job building a similar program in Columbus.
At the time, Anderson was offered an annual salary of $22,000 and a challenge — birth and grow the Springer Theatre Academy. There were four employees at the Springer Opera House 19 years ago. Today there are 20, and the academy has been a big part of that growth. “I would say that $22,000 was a wise investment,” Pierce said.
Asked how many children Anderson had taught over the years, Baker paused.
“Maybe 8,000 to 10,000 — and that is conservative,” she said. “But it is more than that. Those that have taught or been in the academy, have gone out and started other programs — they are in Pennsylvania; Athens, Ga.; Texas; Orlando; Omaha; and Virginia.”
Anderson has been spending his time focusing on what is important. He has given a number of speeches about his illness and his attitude combating cancer. He has become one of the faces of cancer survival in a community that seems to have more than its fair share of the disease.
Anderson spoke to the local Rotary clubs, using his love of baseball to encourage those dealing with tough times to stay in the batter's box and to keep swinging.
In November, Anderson gave the Thanksgiving testimony at First Baptist Church in downtown Columbus. The scripture that led into the testimony was Psalm 126:5: “Those who sow with tears will reap with songs of joy.”
“So, I'm working on a new plan — one without a timeline,” he said. “It sort of comes down to this: Live every day fully, focus on what's important. That's it, that's the whole ballgame. And I don't have a bucket list. I guess I should get one — people keep asking me — but I really don't. It's kind of an overrated idea, if you think about it.”
Ron's personal biography describes his life this way: “Among the jobs Ron has worked over the years while trying to make a living in theatre are pizza delivery guy, construction worker, college teacher, bartender, mime, saw mill worker, janitor, carpenter, stilt walker, fry cook at a ski lodge, factory worker, middle school teacher, ice cream truck driver, singing telegram deliverer, snow plow operator and baker of communion wafers.”
It was the making of those communion wafers in Wisconsin that would help prepare Ron and Debbie for their life as a family. One of the employees of that small company was a man with a form of autism. This was before Ron and Debbie had their only child, Max, who is autistic.
“Things happen in your life that prepare you for the things you need to be prepared for,” Anderson said recently.
Anderson is survived by his wife, Debbie, and his son, Max.
A public celebration of Anderson's life will be held Saturday at 2:30 p.m. at the Springer Opera House in Columbus.
Hao Li is an assistant professor at USC who has been collaborating with Oculus Research on facial tracking while wearing a virtual reality head-mounted display. They presented their initial prototype and research paper “Facial Performance Sensing Head-Mounted Display” at SIGGRAPH 2015. Hao says this prototype proved that it's possible to extrapolate occluded facial expressions with a combination of strain sensors and machine learning algorithms. They are now moving forward on the next iteration prototypes that should be with more consumer-ready prototypes. I previously covered Hao's research in my write-up on my interview with Martin Breidt. Hao says that eye gaze is really crucial to having a successful social interaction in VR, and so it's very probable that Oculus is working on integrating eye tracking in future consumer headsets. Hao talks about some of the next steps in his facial tracking research, and he's really optimistic about the metaverse given how his research is helping facilitate the future of telepresence and social VR applications.
Listen
http://voicesofvr.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Voices-of-VR-234-Hao-Li1.mp3
Become a Patron! Support The Voices of VR Podcast Patreon
Theme music: “Fatality” by Tigoolio
Subscribe to the Voices of VR podcast.
It looks like the long legal saga for a defunct game studio is coming to an end. It started with a defaulted loan payment, then quickly escalated to a full scale FBI investigation. 38 Studios got into hot water and controversy after their collapse in 2012 because the company had received a $75 million loan from the taxpayers of Rhode Island. It was founded in 2006 by Curt Schilling, a pitcher for the Red Sox. It was named after his jersey number. The game they were known for making was Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning. Four years after the fallout, authorities were ready to deliver an answer.
They held a press conference to make the announcement. Steven O'Donnell is a Colonel for the Rhode Island State Police, and he was joined by Attorney General Peter Kilmartin in order to deliver the results of the investigation. After years of scrutiny, they announced that no evidence of criminal wrongdoing was revealed. Kilmartin defended his decision by saying they can't go through with indictment based on emotions alone. They aren't going to publish the details of this investigation, as charges could still be field if more information came to light.
According to the explanation given in the PDF released by the Rhode Island Court:
“the quantity and quality of the evidence of any criminal activity fell short of what would be necessary to prove any allegation beyond a reasonable doubt and as such the Rules of Professional Conduct precluded even offering a criminal charge for grand jury consideration.”
The local media has scrutinized the Governor for backing down on their campaign promise for an independent investigation.
The evolution of Gov's plans on calling for independent 38 Studios investigation. 2014/2015. No plans for one now. pic.twitter.com/HiAha6p46F — Perry Russom (@PerryRussom) July 29, 2016
Out of 100 interviews carried out, it became clear that the deal between the studio and Rhode Island was flawed, but their overall findings were insufficient to move forward on.
Green, 29, has spent his entire NHL career with the Washington Capitals, picking up 360 points (113-247-360) in 575 career games. He has totaled 345 points (110-235-345) since the start of the 2007-08 season, making him the NHL's second-highest scoring defenseman in that span behind only Chicago's Duncan Keith. A two-time NHL First-Team All-Star, Green led all NHL defenseman in points in 2009 and 2010 and has led all defensemen in goals on four occasions (2008, 2009, 2010 and 2013). He scored a career-high 31 goals during the 2008-09 campaign and is the only defenseman to reach the 30-goal plateau since Kevin Hatcher did so with Washington in 1992-93. The 10-year NHL veteran was a back-to-back Norris Trophy runner-up as the NHL's best defenseman after setting a then-career high with 73 points (31-42-73) in 2008-09 and besting that total in 2009-10 with 76 points (19-57-76).
In 2014-15, he appeared in 72 games for the Capitals, finishing fifth on the team with 45 points (10-35-45). He led the club with a plus-15 rating and ranked among team leaders with 10 goals (T9th), 35 assists (3rd), 17 power-play points (3rd), 159 shots on goal (3rd) and 19:06 average time on ice (6th). He also appeared in 14 postseason games and has produced 35 points (9-26-35) in 71 career NHL playoff games. Green was drafted by Washington in the first round (29th overall) of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft with a selection that originally belonged to the Red Wings before it was traded to the Capitals in the deal that brought Robert Lang to Detroit.
The Calgary, Alberta, native has represented Canada twice on the international circuit, most recently helping his country capture a silver medal at the 2008 IIHF World Championship, where he totaled 12 points (4-8-12) in nine games en route to being named to the all-tournament team. He was also a member of Canada's gold-medal winning IIHF Under-18 World Championship team in 2003.
Prior to turning professional, the 6-foot-1, 207-lb., blueliner skated in 267 games in the Western Hockey League for the Saskatoon Blades, tallying 172 points (37-135-172) and 324 penalty minutes. He led all WHL defensemen in points with 66 (14-52-66) in 2004-05 and was a WHL First-Team All-Star. During his first two professional campaigns, he split time between Washington and the AHL-affiliate Hershey Bears. Green totaled 51 points (12-39-51) in 68 regular-season games with Hershey and added 34 points (10-24-34) in 40 postseason games. He was a 2006 Calder Cup champion with the Bears and was named to the AHL All-Rookie Team after leading all defensemen in scoring.
Kedarnath (Uttarakhand): Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday laid the foundation stones of five reconstruction projects in Kedarnath and hit out at the Congress, saying he was not allowed to carry out redevelopment work after the 2013 deluge when he was Gujarat chief minister.
Offering prayers at the Kedarnath shrine, a day before it closes for the winters, he said his visit to the Himalayan temple had strengthened his resolve to serve the nation. Serving people was true service of the lord, the prime minister said after offering ‘rudrabhiskek' at the high altitude shrine dedicated to Lord Shiva.
As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi said he had offered to take the responsibility of reconstructing areas surrounding the temple when the tragedy had struck in 2013, killing thousands of people. People from different states had perished and he could not stop himself from rushing to the state after the disaster, he said.
“I expressed my wish to carry out reconstruction work at Kedarnath to the then chief minister of the state who agreed in principle. In my excitement I shared the development with the media and within an hour TV channels flashed it, causing a storm in New Delhi. They (UPA government) viewed the development with a kind of alarm as they thought the Gujarat chief minister will now reach Kedarnath and mounted pressure on the then state government not to agree to my request."
The then chief minister had no choice but to issue a statement saying it did not need the help of the Gujarat government, Modi said. “I went back disappointed. But perhaps Baba (Lord Shiva) had decided that the responsibility of doing reconstruction work at Kedarnath should be assigned to no one else but to Baba's son," he said.
The chief minister at the time was Vijay Bahuguna, who was with the Congress but is now with the BJP. Modi, who had visited the shrine in May this year, laid the foundation stones of five major reconstruction projects at Kedarpuri. These include improved facilities for devotees, construction of retaining walls and ghats at the Mandakini and Saraswati rivers, an approach road to the shrine and reconstructing Adi Guru Shankaracharya's tomb which was devastated in 2013.
He described the projects as ambitious and expensive but said there would be no dearth of funds to ensure that they are completed in a time-bound manner. The prime minister said he would invite the corporate sector to join hands to develop a grander Kedarnath.
Asking people to make Uttarakhand a favourite destination for tourists, he said the state should aspire to become an Organic State by 2022, when India marks 75 years of independence. “Blessings from Kedarnath will lead us to fulfil the aspirations of every Indian citizen in 2022," he added.
“Our endeavour is to harness the youthful vigour and water of the mountain state for its all round development... development is gaining ground in Uttarakhand." Work on the Chardham road project had begun, he said.
The prime minister also got nostalgic remembering his days in Garurchatti near Kedarnath before he entered politics. “Some acquaintances I met today reminded me of my time spent in Garurchatti. They were important moments of my life. I wanted to settle down permanently in this soil and spend all my life at Baba's feet. But Baba perhaps willed it differently.
“He perhaps did not want me to spend all my life at the feet of just one Baba and sent me out to serve 125 crore people of the country as their service is the true service of God," he said. Modi had last visited Kedarnath in May when the portals of the Himalayan shrine were reopened for devotees after remaining closed for six months for the winters.
Black Wall Street: The True Story
If anyone truly believes that the last April attack on the federal building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma was the most tragic bombing ever to take place on United States soil, as the media has been widely reporting, they're wrong -- plain and simple. That's because an even deadlier bomb occurred in that same state nearly 75 years ago. Many people in high places would like to forget that it ever happened.
Searching under the heading of "riots," "Oklahoma" and "Tulsa" in current editions of the World Book Encyclopedia, there is conspicuously no mention whatsoever of the Tulsa race riot of 1921, and this omission is by no means a surprise, or a rare case. The fact is, one would also be hard-pressed to find documentation of the incident, let alone and accurate accounting of it, in any other "scholarly" reference or American history book.
That's precisely the point that noted author, publisher and orator Ron Wallace, a Tulsa native, sought to make nearly five years ago when he began researching this riot, one of the worst incidents of violence ever visited upon people of African descent. Ultimately joined on the project by colleague Jay Wilson of Los Angeles, the duo found and compiled indisputable evidence of what they now describe as "a Black holocaust in America."
The date was June 1, 1921, when "Black Wall Street," the name fittingly given to one of the most affluent all-Black communities in America, was bombed from the air and burned to the ground by mobs of envious whites. In a period spanning fewer than 12 hours, a once thriving 36-Black business district in northern Tulsa lay smoldering--a model community destroyed, and a major African-American economic movement resoundingly defused.
The night's carnage left some 3,000 African Americans dead, and over 600 successful businesses lost. Among these were 21 churches, 21 restaurants, 30 grocery stores and two movie theaters, plus a hospital, a bank, a post office, libraries, schools, law offices, a half dozen private airplanes and even a bus system. As could have been expected the impetus behind it all was the infamous Ku Klux Klan, working in consort with ranking city officials, and many other sympathizers.
In their self-published book, Black Wallstreet: A Lost Dream, and its companion video documentary, Black Wallstreet: A Black Holocaust in America!, the authors have chronicled for the very first time in the words of area historians and elderly survivors what really happened there on that fateful summer day in 1921 and why it happened. Wallace similarly explained to me why this bloody event from the turn of the century seems to have had a recurring effect that is being felt in predominately Black neighborhoods even to this day.
The best description of Black Wallstreet, or Little Africa as it was also known, would be likened it to a mini-Beverly Hills. It was the golden door of the Black community during the early 1900s, and it proved that African Americans had successful infrastructure. That's what Black Wallstreet was all about.
The dollar circulated 36 to 100 times, sometimes taking a year for currency to leave the community. Now in 1995, a dollar leaves the Black community in 15-minutes. As far as resources, there were Ph.D.'s residing in Little Africa, Black attorneys and doctors. One doctor was Dr. Berry who owned the bus system. His average income was $500 a day, a hefty pocket change in 1910.
During that era, physicians owned medical schools. There were also pawn shops everywhere, brothels, jewelry stores, 21 churches, 21 restaurants and two movie theaters. It was a time when the entire state of Oklahoma had only two airports, yet six Blacks owned their own planes. It was a very fascinating community.
The area encompassed over 600 businesses and 36 square blocks with a population of 15,000 African Americans. And when the lower-economic Europeans looked over and saw what the Black community created, many of them were jealous. When the average student went to school on Black Wallstreet, he wore a suit and tie because of the morals and respect they were taught at a young age.
The mainstay of the community was to educate every child. Nepotism was the one word they believed in. And that's what we need to get back to in 1995. The main thoroughfare was Greenwood Avenue, and it was intersected by Archer and Pine Streets. From the first letters in each of those three names, you get G.A.P., and that's where the renowned R and B music group the Gap Band got its name. They're from Tulsa.
Black Wallstreet was a prime example of the typical Black community in America that did businesses, but it was in an unusual location. You see, at the time, Oklahoma was set aside to be a Black and Indian state. There were over 28 Black townships there. One third of the people who traveled in the terrifying "Trail of Tears" along side the Indians between 1830 to 1842 were Black people.
The citizens of this proposed Indian and Black state chose a Black governor, a treasurer from Kansas named McDade. But the Ku Klux Klan said that if he assumed office that they would kill him within 48 hours. A lot of Blacks owned farmland, and many of them had gone into the oil business. The community was so tight and wealthy because they traded dollars hand-to-hand, and because they were dependent upon one another as a result of the Jim Crow laws.
It was not unusual that if a resident's home accidentally burned down, it could be rebuilt within a few weeks by neighbors. This was the type of scenario that was going on day- to-day on Black Wallstreet. When Blacks intermarried into the Indian culture, some of them received their promised '40 acres and a mule' and with that came whatever oil was later found on the properties.
Just to show you how wealthy a lot of Black people were, there was a banker in the neighboring town who had a wife named California Taylor. Her father owned the largest cotton gin west of the Mississippi [River]. When California shopped, she would take a cruise to Paris every three months to have her clothes made.
There was also a man named Mason in nearby Wagner County who had the largest potato farm west of the Mississippi. When he harvested, he would fill 100 boxcars a day. Another brother not far away had the same thing with a spinach farm. The typical family then was five children or more, though the typical farm family would have 10 kids or more who made up the nucleus of the labor.
On Black Wallstreet, a lot of global business was conducted. The community flourished from the early 1900s until June 1, 1921. That's when the largest massacre of non-military Americans in the history of this country took place, and it was lead by the Ku Klux Klan. Imagine walking out of your front door and seeing 1,500 homes being burned. It must have been amazing.
Survivors we interviewed think that the whole thing was planned because during the time that all of this was going on, white families with their children stood around the borders of their community and watched the massacre, the looting and everything--much in the same manner they would watch a lynching.
In my lectures I ask people if they understand where the word "picnic" comes from. It was typical to have a picnic on a Friday evening in Oklahoma. The word was short for "pick a nigger" to lynch. They would lynch a Black male and cut off body parts as souvenirs. This went on every weekend in this country, and it was all across the county. That's where the term really came from.
By Suzanne Venker
It doesn't roll off the tongue well, does it? Asking where all the good women have gone. Asking where all the good men have gone feels fine. Normal. Slightly caustic, maybe, but still: benign. But asking where all the good women have gone sounds downright blasphemous.
Why is that? If the sexual revolution truly leveled the playing field and women are finally men's equals, why should asking women to examine their behavior feel any different than asking men to examine theirs?
And yet it does. That's because the playing field wasn't leveled at all. It was tilted so far in women's favor that women have become untouchable. Superior, even. When it comes to gender relations, the implication is clear: men are losers, and women are the prize.
If we were honest with ourselves, we'd admit that men take a huge beating today. Professors, journalists, writers and producers emasculate men every chance they get. On television sitcoms, only reruns portray men as strong, capable and necessary. The rest treat them as buffoons. Even commercials paint a portrait of the idiot husband whose wife is smarter and more capable than he.
Then there's my favorite group: feminists. Feminists mill about on college campuses, spreading their anti-male bias every chance they get. Feminist authors are even worse. They write thousands of words about male and female relations, and they all allude to the same question: Are men even necessary?
If you want a good marriage, it doesn't just happen. You have to be willing to create it! Find out how in Suzanne Venker's “How to Choose a Husband and Make Peace With Marriage,” and get “The War on Men” too!
Some of the male mockery (which is really reverse sexism) is supposed to be tongue-in-cheek. But it isn't funny. The relentless browbeating of the American male is having an effect. According to Pew Research Center, the share of men ages 18 to 34 who say having a successful marriage is one of the most important things in their lives has dropped six percentage points since 1997 – from 35 percent to 29 percent.
The journalists at The Atlantic have been the ringleaders for this message. In 2010, Hanna Rosin wrote an article (which eventually became a book) in response to the fact that women have become the majority of the workforce for the first time in U.S. history. Women, she says, are changing with the times – while men are lagging behind. They're incapable or unwilling to bend in the right direction.
Bend over is more like it.
Rosin says women are more successful than men at meeting work and family demands. If men want to join the 21st century, she adds, they should purge their masculinity and adopt female traits. This conclusion fits perfectly with feminists' longtime goal. As third-wave feminist activist Amy Richards notes, “Feminism is about deflating our dependence on masculinity.” Translation: America doesn't need men – we only need women.
It may be chic to think of men as unnecessary, but this foolish approach to gender relations – tongue-in-cheek or otherwise – serves no one. You can't disempower one sex to empower the other. It doesn't work that way. It doesn't matter how empowered, liberated or successful women are, men and women need each other.
That men have not asked, at least publicly, where all the good women have gone speaks volumes. Perhaps chivalry isn't dead but merely dormant, because what I hear from men is that they want to love women, but that women have changed. Where, they wonder, are the soft, feminine creatures that used to care about men and treat them with respect?
They're gone. Today's women are the daughters of committed feminists. They've been raised to shut off their girly side to prove something to themselves and the world. That behavior may work well in the marketplace, but it'll kill a romance before it even gets off the ground.
That brings us to this question: Is it really that hard to find a good man today? Or could it be just as hard to find a good woman? It may be blasphemous to ask this question.
But that doesn't mean it shouldn't be asked.
Choosing the right husband is the single most important decision you'll ever make in your lifetime. But it's only Step 1! Suzanne Venker will show you “How to Choose a Husband and Make Peace With Marriage.”
Media who would like to interview “How to Choose a Husband” author Suzanne Venker, contact [email protected]
Suzanne Venker is an author and speaker. Her new book, “How to Choose a Husband and Make Peace with Marriage,” will be available Feb. 5, 2013. Also available at WND is her new Kindle single, “The War on Men.” You can find Suzanne at SuzanneVenker.com.
I actually plan on this post quite some time ago. Its been lying quietly in my draft box. Not making a sound.
Why? Because I really have no idea how to start as I myself, was not in the stand to write about it, until the recent 3 to 4 months. I think I have better "qualification" to write about it as I am doing it right now.
When someone asks you what is the important things in your life, what would you say?
I've been asking this around (among my friends), and I received various answers.
As you can guess, the very common ones.
Family..
Friends...
Love..
Career..
Money..
Pet..
Some even told me his car.. her clothes.. (i can't agree, but that's what seems to be important to them, so no comment)
Of course the above said are important in my life too. My family, friends, love.. I can't say that career and money is not important, because in fact, they are. But compare to family, friends and love, they are least important in my ranking.
Besides that, there's one thing which is very very important in life but surprisingly only very very few of them, told me that as an answer. Actually, I should not be surprise because I used to neglect it too. Yes, its HEALTH .
Health is the foundation, the base of everything. Without it, you can't be with family, without health you can't enjoy with friends; without health, all material things are just nothing. NO matter how loaded you are, how pretty or handsome you are, how capable you are.. you are just a sick man, a patient. Nothing else.
If you read my at me .. at the part below my neck. I hate that! so that results in.. I never workout. And I thought I can live without it, since I'm young and seems to be "healthy". Health is the foundation, the base of everything. Without it, you can't be with family, without health you can't enjoy with friends; without health, all material things are just nothing. NO matter how loaded you are, how pretty or handsome you are, how capable you are.. you are just a sick man, a patient. Nothing else.If you read my resolution for 2013 (read it here if you have not) , you will know. I never exercise for my whole life. Yea, my whole life. I simply hate it because I don't like to sweat, I don't like to be exposed under the sun because I really am TAN enough that people always thinks that I'm Malay, Thai, Vietnamese, Philippines, Indons.. =_=''.. and I hate running because it makes me looks ugly and people will just stare... I hate that! so that results in.. I never workout. And I thought I can live without it, since I'm young and seems to be "healthy".
But things always go the other way round as you wish; things changes when you grow older. I am 28-to-be this year. No longer the young lady that can hang around, party all night long without being tired, and still stay fresh the next day. If I ever do that now, what you get the next day will be a zombie, not Audrey.
I had some health issue when I was 24. I never had whole body checkup before, so that time it suddenly hits me that maybe I should get it done. so I went. And that's the time I found out that I am actually not as healthy as I think I am. It wasn't cancer, if it was, I might not be typing this right now. lol.
In fact, what I had was said to be common among female. But I was only 24, not married, no kids, doc said it shouldn't be that huge. At the end, I spent lots of money that time to get it cured. Ever since then, I become more conscious of my diet. Cut down on fast food, junkie, sugar and etc. I cut down, not quit. It's hard to quit. I think the most excellent effort I did and I am proud of, is drinking more water. I don't drink much water previously because I am lazy to go to the washroom like every half an hour or so. But now, I am proud to say I drink at least 2.5 to 3 litres of water (just water) a day. I am happy that I actually manage to do it until now still doing it. But back then, I still did not exercise. I really hate it.
Only until the very recent months back, around end of August 2012 I started to gym. Starting, I am reluctant to go. Because I really don't like the feeling whereby all the men looking at me when I run on the treadmill. I feel like I'm being rape honestly. So, unless my friend is going or I will not go. But, things gone better after a few visits. I care less of the others and focus more on my workout. I think maybe It's because I really feel good after gym that's why, I can't be bother how people stares or look at me. Haha.
I gym more often now, twice a week if I can. Frankly speaking, I never thought that exercise can make one feel so good. I feel fresher after workout, I sleep better at night, I wake up feeling good in the morning, I can be more focus on things and sorts. And as a bonus, I slim down, healthily. Its an all-in-one deal! It only brings you good and advantage, no cons! I am glad that I started my gym and workout before it is too late. I am not extremely healthy now, but it gets better. Prevention is better than cure, that's why it is really important to take good care of yourself. Not for anyone's sake, but your own.
Now, let me show you my gym gear. Its all.. presents.. (I'm a lucky girl, I know.. *^o^*) and I truly appreciate it and really thankful.
#Sports Bra from #Sports Bra from Sugoi
#Top from The North Face . It's really super super comfortable. Got it for SGD 27 after discount! worth it!
Both of these are from Runninglab Funan Singapore.
#Walkman W262 from Sony (Mine is an exclusive privilege piece as its the one and only one in the world, hehe)
Oh ya, not forgetting my new swimsuit. I'm gonna learn swimming! very soon... =p
#swimsuit from #swimsuit from TYR @ warehouse price. That's all from me. for now. hehe
Previously, I just simply put on any T-shirt and shorts, and shoe to gym. It's not even a running shoe which is really not a wise decision, don't do that as you will injure yourself. Get a proper gear. Proper doesn't mean branded. Branded ones sometimes don't even deliver the value as good as a normal piece. Go for the functions and values, unless you can afford it, that's your choice.
So My dear readers, If a 27 years-no-exercise lady can do it, its impossible for you not to do it. Start taking care of your health, watch your diet and exercising now. Come'on, let's stay healthy and happy together!
Have a great Holiday tomorrow to readers from Malaysia!!
Unrivalled control of a robotic arm has been achieved using a paralysed woman's thoughts, a US study says.
Jan Scheuermann, who is 53 and paralysed from the neck down, was able to deftly grasp and move a variety of objects just like a normal arm.
Brain implants were used to control the robotic arm, in the study reported in the Lancet medical journal.
Experts in the field said it was an "unprecedented performance" and a "remarkable achievement".
Jan was diagnosed with spinocerebellar degeneration 13 years ago and progressively lost control of her body. She is now unable to move her arms or legs.
Robo-arm
She was implanted with two sensors - each four millimetres by four millimetres - in the motor cortex of her brain.
I don't know how to say it any other way, [the movement is] way better than anything that's been demonstrated before Prof Andrew Schwartz, University of Pittsburgh
A hundred tiny needles on each sensor pick up the electrical activity from about 200 individual brain cells.
"The way that neurons communicate with each other is by how fast they fire pulses, it's a little bit akin to listening to a Geiger counter click, and it's that property that we lock onto," said Professor Andrew Schwartz from the University of Pittsburgh.
The pulses of electricity in the brain are then translated into commands to move the arm, which bends at the elbow, wrist and could grab an object.
Jan was able to control the arm after the second day of training and over a period of 14 weeks became increasing skilful.
The report said she gained "co-ordination, skill and speed almost similar to that of an able-bodied person" by the end of the study.
Prof Schwartz told the BBC that movements this good had not been achieved before.
"They're fluid and they're way better, I don't know how to say it any other way, they're way better than anything that's been demonstrated before.
"I think it really is convincing evidence that this technology is going to be therapeutic for spinal cord injured people.
"They are doing tasks already that would be beneficial in their daily lives and I think that's fairly conclusive at this point."
Image caption The arm was controlled by thought
Sense of touch
The field of harnessing a healthy brain to overcome a damaged body is advancing rapidly.
Earlier this year, Cathy Hutchinson used a robotic arm to serve herself a drink for the first time since her stroke 15 years before.
In both studies the results were achieved inside a laboratory so are of little help in the home.
Researchers are now trying to mount the arm on Jan's wheelchair so she will be able to use it in her everyday life.
There are also attempts to give sensation to the prosthetic arms to restore a sense of touch.
In a review researchers Gregoire Courtine, Silvesto Micera, Jack DiGiovanna and Jose del Millan described the control of the arm as "highly intuitive and probably responsible for the unprecedented performance of the brain-machine interface".
They added that the system was a "remarkable technological and biomedical achievement" and that such designs were getting closer to a point which "might soon become revolutionary treatment models" for paralysed patients.
(Adds further comment, background)
NOVO-OGARYOVO, Russia, Feb 4 (Reuters) - Russia's top oil producer Rosneft is basing its budget for this year on an average oil price of $50 per barrel, the company's Chief Executive Officer Igor Sechin said on Wednesday.
“For 2015, we are using a conservative scenario - an average oil price of oil at $50 (per barrel),” Sechin said at a meeting with President Vladimir Putin to which journalists were invited.
“This will confidently allow us to implement our investment programme.”
He added that Rosneft's hydrocarbon proven and probable reserves stood at 129 billion barrels as of the end of 2014 and that the company saw its hydrocarbon production last year rising by 4.6 percent to 252 million tonnes of oil equivalent.
Oil production last year came to 205 million tonnes, he said.
Sechin also said that Rosneft sold some $93 billion on the domestic foreign exchange market last year.
“This is our contribution to the stabilisation of the forex (market) of the country,” Sechin said.
The Russian rouble lost more than 40 percent last year, most of it in the second half of the year, suffering from a rapid decline in oil prices and sanctions imposed on Russia for its role in the Ukraine crisis.
Late last year, many Russian companies were accumulating foreign currencies until in December, the Russian government ordered exporters to bring their foreign exchange reserves down.
Sechin also said that Rosneft had transferred three trillion roubles ($44.58 billion) to the federal budget last year.
“We will continue this trend in 2015,” he told Putin. ($1 = 67.2975 roubles) (Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya; Writing by Lidia Kelly; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
The Islamic State has released a new online magazine urging adherents to carry out more so-called lone-wolf attacks globally.
Targets for attacks include businessmen on their way to work, young people playing sports in the park and even “the street vendor selling flowers to those passing by.” A photo from what appears to be a British market vendor selling flowers has a caption beneath it that reads “Even the blood of a merry crusader citizen selling flowers to passersby.”
Jihadis are urged to strike such soft targets with no special precedence to attack soldiers or policemen, but rather to strike terror into the hearts of all disbelievers.
Rumiyah is a reference to an Islamic prophecy that foretells the downfall of Rome following the collapse of Constantinople which fell in the Muslim conquest of 1415 and calls for the targeting of all non-Muslims.
The magazine features recently-killed Abu Mohammed Al Adnani on the front cover with a foreword arguing that contrary to the West's belief, the Islamic State dream does not die with the death of its leaders.
A four page eulogy for Abu Mansur Al Muhajir, a dead Australian jihadist of Lebanese descent, urges Islamic State attacks in Australia.
Sign up for daily Foreign Desk updates By signing up, you agree to receive emails from The Foreign Desk.
In a chilling essay entitled “The Kafir's blood is Halal for you. So shed it,” the magazine cites references from the Koran and early Islamic scholars that the war against the non-believer is not limited to the ‘enemy' fighting “frontline operations.” Rather “he has also ordered that they be slain wherever they may be – on or off the battlefield.”
At the conclusion of the article, Muslims who live in “Dar al-Kufr” (literally land of disbelievers) are told that shedding “the blood of the disbelievers is halal (permissible) and killing them is a form of worship to Allah, the Lord, King, and God of mankind.”
Analysis.
The 38-page magazine appears to be a significant new publication by the Islamic State who has simultaneously released the publication in seven languages, including English, French, German, Russian and Turkish.
It would appear that ISIS is also attempting to raise its scope against the West by reminding its followers to target all non-believers.
Several attacks in recent months across Europe, notably in France, Germany and last week in Denmark have seen police and law enforcement as the target, and the Islamic State seems to be reminding jihadis their focus should be on non-believers.
Urgent:
Support Obama's Gun Ban Plan? Vote in Poll
Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa says he wants explanations from the Justice Department after an inspector's general report found “hostile, racist and inappropriate” behavior by officials within the agency's Civil Rights Division.Grassley said he wants to know why employees found to have misbehaved stillhave a job, The Washington Times reported.The report from Inspector General Michael Horowitz stemmed from the Civil Rights Division dropping a complaint of voter harassment against the New Black Panther Party and the subsequent charges that the move was racially motivated.The report, released earlier this week, is critical of the atmosphere in the Voting Rights section of the division, which is headed by Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez, who is expected to be nominated by President Barack Obama to head the Labor Department.Grassley said the report affirms his belief that there is “an inherent culture of harassment against conservatives in the Civil Rights Division,” The Times reported.The report said the Voting Rights section was polarized over the issue of whether laws enacted to protect minorities should be used when whites are faced with improper voting procedures.Divisions over the issue prompted some career employees to send hostile andmocking emails to their fellow workers on the other side of the voting rights interpretation, the report said.“Future hiring within the Civil Rights Division needs to value intellectual diversity to put to rest any perception that employment is based on politics,” Grassley said.
Updated MPEG LA – the patent pool organization that handles licensing for the H.264 video codec – is collecting patents for what can only be described as an attack on the competing VP8 codec. Last year, Google open sourced VP8 under a royalty-free license, hoping to create a completely free and open standard for HTML5 web video.
Just after Google open sourced the codec and rolled it into a new web media format known as WebM, MPEG LA chief executive Larry Horn said the organization was looking into a patent-pool license for VP8 and WebM. On Thursday, the organization made an official call to patent holders, asking them to submit patents they believe are essential to Google's codec.
In an email to The Register, MPEG LA said that it is up to patent holders to decide if they wish to build a patent pool for VP8. "The VP8 patent call means that we plan to facilitate a discussion among companies that own patents essential to VP8 to determine if they want to create a patent pool license," the organization said. "While the purpose of the patent call is to begin creating a VP8 license, it is the decision of the patent owners whether or not a license for VP8 will be offered."
Asked if it has discussed the issue with Google, the organization said: "MPEG LA's call for patents is open to anyone with essential VP8 patents including Google, if they should have any."
Google, according to a statement sent to The Reg, is unmoved. "MPEG LA has alluded to a VP8 pool since WebM launched - this is nothing new," the statement reads. "The web succeeds with open, community-developed innovation, and the WebM Project brings the same principles to web video.
"The vast majority of the industry supports free and open development, and we're in the process of forming a broad coalition of hardware and software companies who commit to not assert any IP claims against WebM. We are firmly committed to the project and establishing an open codec for HTML5 video.” The WebM license says that if you use the technology, you can't make patent claims against it.
When we asked MPEG LA if it anticipated a court case, it said that in creating a patent pool license, it is actually hoping to reduced that possibility. "Patent owners are the ones who decide whether to enforce patents. MPEG LA facilitates creation of a pool license that would reduce that likelihood. If beneficial, the availability of such license would help avoid the infringement actions by giving users the opportunity to be licensed under essential patents."
Google acquired the VP8 codec early last year when it purchased video compression outfit On2 Technologies in a deal valued at $124.6m dollars, and it was widely expected that the web giant would open source the codec as a way of countering the patented H.264. In May, at the its annual developer conference, Google did just that, saying it wished to create a web video standard unencumbered by licensing fees.
Mozilla and Opera immediately embraced the effort. The stable versions of Google Chrome, Mozilla's Firefox, and Opera now include the codec for use with the fledgling HTML5 video tag, and though Chrome initially offered the royalty-saddled H.264 as well, Google dropped H.264 last month in the hopes of speeding the adoption of WebM.
Google continues to use Adobe Flash – which handles video with H.264 – on YouTube. But the world's largest video-sharing site also offers HTML5 support, and for the past several months, it has encoded new videos with WebM. To a certain extent, Google is playing both sides of the issue. It still needs Flash on YouTube – the HTML5 standard doesn't do everything Google needs it to do – but in the long run, the company prefers a web that handles all video with HTML5 and WebM.
Microsoft and Apple do not. Both are part of MPEG LA's H.264 patent pool, and both include H.264 in their browsers. Before the arrival of WebM, Apple said it preferred H.264 due to the "uncertain patent landscape" of Ogg Theora – an open source WebM predecessor – and Ogg's lack of hardware support, and Microsoft indicated it feels much the same way, saying the intellectual property rights of Ogg and other codecs were "less clear". In a private email that was made very public, Apple chief executive Steve Jobs even said that unnamed people were putting together a patent pool to "go after" Ogg Theora.
After the launch of WebM, when we asked if VP8 was vulnerable to patent attack, Google product manager Mike Jazayeri said the company is confident that the codec is on solid ground. "We have done a pretty through analysis of VP8 and On2 Technologies prior to the acquisition and since then, and we are very confident with the technology and that's why we're open sourcing," he said.
The same day, Internet Explorer general manager Dean Hachamovitch published a blog post that confirmed Microsoft's commitment to H.264, but he said that IE9 would allow VP8 playback if users installed the codec on their own. "We are strongly committed to making sure that in IE9 you can safely view all types of content in all widely used formats," he said. "When it comes to video and HTML5, we're all in. In its HTML5 support, IE9 will support playback of H.264 video as well as VP8 video when the user has installed a VP8 codec on Windows."
Adobe has committed to offering WebM as well as H.264 with Flash. But it has not said when this will happen.
In its call for patents related to VP8, MPEG LA set an initial deadline of March 18. Presumably, MPEG-LA intends to create a patent pool for VP8 and begin charging license fees for its use. In other words, we're in for quite a fight. ®
Update: This story has been updated with comment from Google and MPEG LA.
The digital advertising supply chain has gotten more complicated, and that's provided a major opportunity to European websites that offer access to pirated content. Nearly half the advertising found on sites that offer pirated content comes from mainstream brands, according to a new study commissioned by the European Observatory on Infringements of Intellectual Property Rights.
The organization examined more than 180,000 ads that appeared on more than 1,400 pages of sites that are known repositories of links, torrents or direct hosts of pirated films, music or television shows, or links to sporting events. It found that 46 percent of the ads that appeared on those sites came from legitimate brands, including many owned by some of the biggest ad spenders on the planet; 46 of the top 100 advertisers by global ad spend were represented in the ads at least once.
The rest were categorized as “high risk” ads, which were fewer ads than pop-ups or ad units designed to dupe site visitors into installing malware. All told, the report, which was released this month, concluded that these sites are able to earn up to $5.8 million apiece by selling ads; it did not list a projected overall revenue total.
While companies like BitTorrent have tried to frame themselves as an attractive media purchase for brands looking to court younger consumers, most advertisers try to steer clear of advertising on these sites, which — in addition to illegally offering content made by media companies with which those advertisers have relationships — are often packed with harmful links that can compromise users' computers.
In many cases, their ads wind up on these sites anyway. Digital advertising has moved past the days when brands or ad agencies purchased ad inventory directly from media outlets, evolving instead into a marketplace where ads targeting specific types of consumers are dynamically inserted into available slots all over the internet by sophisticated, automated intermediaries.
This glut of middlemen has compromised the digital ad supply chain, often leading to brands not knowing where their digital ads wind up. This problem has become so widespread that dozens of marketers — including Unilever, Johnson & Johnson and Walmart, as well as advertising agencies such as Starcom Mediavest Group, ZenithOptimedia Group and Horizon Media — pledged this past December to take steps to reduce the likelihood that their ads would wind up on sites or platforms allowing people to download pirated content.
As in most industries, there are good and bad actors. The intellectual property organization's research found that just 25 intermediaries were responsible for placing nearly three-quarters of the legitimate ads found on these sites. Its report did not list any of the companies by name.
“The entire digital ad ecosystem has a role to play,” the report states.
Windscreen washers at Christchurch intersections could be fined up to $20,000 after violent incidents prompted police to crack down on the practice.
Sergeant Greg Hume said motorists had made a "large number" of complaints about young windscreen washers damaging their vehicles or intimidating them in the last year.
Hume recalled a businessman was attacked by two or three windscreen washers at the Moorhouse Ave/Barbadoes St intersection about a month ago, after the man confronted a washer who had smashed his car's side window.
Thefts of squeegees from petrol stations was an ongoing issue.
In May, a petrol station manager said 20 squeegees had been stolen from his premises over four weeks.
Hume said the thefts showed a lack of empathy on part of offenders, as it affected petrol stations' ability to offer quality customer service.
A 16-year old had been referred to Police Youth Services for stealing two squeegees from the same service station twice, he said.
Since Monday, police have informed windscreen washers they faced fines of up to $20,000 under the Christchurch City Council's public places bylaw if they worked without a council-issued commercial licence.
Windscreen washers have been an increasing nuisance at the Linwood Ave/Buckleys Rd, Moorhouse Ave/Barbadoes St, Moorhouse Ave/Madras St, Avonside Dr/Stanmore Rd and Aldwins/Ferry roads intersections.
Hume said he had "no doubt" youth gangs were the main culprits, and expressed concern turf wars over intersections could develop if the practice continued.
He encouraged motorists to report windscreen washers to the police.
Hume said police had been recording washers' details during the "warning phase", which would continue for about a month to give the washers an opportunity to avoid prosecution.
However, teens aged 14-16 had received court summons for returning to their squeegees hours after being warned to relinquish them, Hume said.
Council policy team leader Claire Bryant said both council and police had sought legal advice on how to thwart windscreen washers after complaints began escalating about a year ago.
Both Hume and Bryant said the apparent profitability had sparked increased numbers to give it a try.
Bryant said the council would continue to support police in their efforts to curb the practice, which posed a health and safety risk to washers, and a nuisance to motorists by disrupting vehicle flow.
Last year, Auckland police and council compliance officers began a crack-down on windscreen washers at the intersection of Great South Rd and Cavendish Drive, confiscating squeegees and fining offenders under Auckland Council's public safety and nuisance bylaw.
Last month, Auckland Council gave Counties Manukau police authority to trespass people at the intersection of Bairds and East Tamaki roads in Otara, after receiving almost 100 complaints about windscreen washers at the intersection in the past year.
Sergeant Jonathan Milne said "Operation Wash Up" had resulted in a drastic decrease in windscreen washing at the intersection over the past month.
The operation would be extended to other areas of Counties Manukau.
* Comments are now closed on this article.
With an aggressive update programme predicted for the F1 2017 campaign given the introduction of the new technical regulations, Abiteboul suggested during yesterday's Renault RS17 launch that smaller-budget teams like Force India and Haas would find themselves outspent.
"I think this season will also be an arms race, and I really feel for the teams who are under-resourced," he said.
"I believe that most of the car build budget of a Force India will be gone by now, just to cope with the new regulations."
Mallya, speaking a day later during Force India's 2017 car launch at Silverstone, insisted Abiteboul's concerns were unfounded.
"I read an article this morning that Cyril Abiteboul of Renault said that poor teams such as Force India were going to suffer in this arms race. Well, good luck to him," Mallya proclaimed on stage.
"He might have to eat his words. It's not the amount of arms you have, it's the quality of your weaponry."
Force India achieved its best-ever result in Formula 1 with a fourth-place finish in the 2016 constructors' standings - and, despite the strength and the budget of rivals who remain ahead, Mallya insisted the team was only interested in improving on that result.
"If we did not dream big, we would not have finished fourth in the world championship last year," he said. "To be in the company of Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari is a huge accomplishment in itself.
"We will always dream big, we have never ever had conversations, even in private, that we are not going to break into the top three. That is certainly going to be our objective. We will give it our best shot."
Talking about the new rules and their affect on the balance of power among F1 teams, Mallya said: "The 2017 regulations have meant that everybody has to start with a clean slate, I don't think we will know the pecking order, or likely pecking order, before the test in Barcelona.
"I know we have to continue to develop the car right through the 2017 season, there is no stopping because we are starting from scratch, all teams will be doing the same – we have planned for it and we are very excited."
Additional reporting by Jonathan Noble
A priceless toy collection stored away in the last place you'd expect.
An indoor cemetery where visitors are surrounded by 90-thousand souls.
A suburban thrift store that was- until now- one of Oregon's best kept secrets
If you're heading to Portland, Fight Club author Chuck Palahniuk has three spots you must visit, beginning with the Kidd Toy Museum. It's a museum that celebrates childhood by a man who didn't have much of one.
“It is I believe the second largest toy museum in the world,” says Palahniuk. “It's all behind these blank concrete walls on a fairly industrial street and the whole thing was put together by a man who made his fortune selling auto parts. For decades he bid against people like the DuPonts because the DuPont Toy Museum is so powerful.
Our next stop is the Portland Memorial Mausoleum.An indoor cemetery spread out across eight levels. Some dark as night. Others as light as libraries.
“It's acres and miles of underground and above ground,
completely controlled death. It's fantastic!” says Palahniuk.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
“It's like being trapped inside an Escher painting because you become instantly confused and lost and disoriented in this fantastic city of death. So you've got to do that!”
Palahniuk's final stop might remind you of Value Village.
“Down on Hwy 99 south of Portland, before Oregon City is an enormous thrift store called the Red White and Blue.And people who love the Red White and Blue will hate the fact that I'm talking about it because it is such a well-kept secret, but the Red White and Blue is a place where you can get fantastic vintage stuff and junk store prices.”
While you're there Palahniuk suggests dining at Wilfs, a restaurant with red velvet furniture located at the train station.
Evening is your guide to Seattle and the Pacific Northwest. Watch it weeknights at 7:30 on KING 5 TV or streaming live on KING5.com. Connect with Evening via Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or email: eveningtips@king5.com.
Copyright 2016 KING
Earlier today, I tried to navigate to my router's dashboard using the Google Chrome browser, but was greeted by the message you see above. I've grown accustomed to getting SSL errors when accessing my router's dashboard; however, they usually look something like this:
Unlike the old error, the new error simply states, “…Chrome will not load the page until it can establish a secure connection…” The old error page gave people the option to “Proceed anyway.”
This is obviously a problem. Because of the way my router handles SSL connections to its dashboard, waiting a few minutes and reloading the page or connecting from a different network won't make any difference at all. I will always get an SSL error. Additionally, it's pretty concerning that Google is now determining which sites are safe for people to visit and which aren't, with no clear way to override Google's decision.
Luckily, there's a solution: simply type proceed BADIDEA (updated 2/2016) whenever you encounter this error, and Google will go on to load the site. It's a very big inconvenience, and I'm not currently too happy about it, but right now it's the only solution. Hopefully, Google will implement a better way of doing this soon (like, maybe just bring the old page back?), but for now, this will have to do.
Zampa gets run-out, breaks bat
Australia limited-overs duo Adam Zampa and Mitch Marsh have each been charged and fined following incidents in their respective KFC Big Bash matches last night.
Melbourne Stars leg-spinner Zampa was fined $2000 by Cricket Australia after breaking his bat following his dismissal against Melbourne Renegades.
Quick Single: Broad's Aussie welcome ... with an expiry date
Zampa was run-out late in the Stars' unsuccessful run chase and reacted by slamming his bat into the MCG turf as he walked off the ground, only to see it snap at the handle.
"Zampa was reported for breaching CA's Code of Conduct Article 2.1.2 – Abuse of cricket equipment or clothing, ground equipment or fixtures and fittings during a match – a level 1 offence," a CA statement read.
Renegades prevail in bizarre Melbourne derby
"As per the CA Code of Conduct procedure, the Match Referee, Steve Bernard, considered the umpires' written report, and offered a proposed sanction of a reprimand and $2,000 fine.
"Zampa accepted the sanction and no hearing was required."
Marsh was also in hot water after questioning the square leg umpire regarding a possible waist-high no-ball that wasn't given as he batted late in the Scorchers' innings.
Marsh wants 'no-ball' after six
The Australia allrounder played a decisive hand with 44 not out but also received a $2500 fine, despite deciding to contest the charge.
Quick Single: Clinical Scorchers crush winless Thunder
"Marsh was reported for breaching CA's Code of Conduct Article 2.1.3 – Showing dissent at an Umpire's decision during a match – a level 1 offence," a CA statement read.
"As per the CA Code of Conduct procedure, the Match Referee, Daryl Harper, considered the umpires' written report, and offered a proposed sanction of a $2,500.
Mitch Marsh's cameo powers Scorchers
"Marsh elected to contest the charge and the Match Referee conducted a hearing at the ground.
"After considering all parties reasoning, the match referee upheld the original decision of guilty and the sanction of a $2,500 fine."
The Scorchers sit atop the BBL table with three wins from four, while the Stars are in fifth spot with one win from two matches.
Last month, a national lab issued a set of colorful maps that reveal America's resources in renewable energy. Broken down into the major forms -- solar, wind, biomass and geothermal -- they are an indispensable guide for regions trying to figure out their energy mix, and a fascinating lens through which to view our natural resources.
They are best viewed side by side, and so I recently created a webpage that takes these National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) maps and compares them with one click. You'll want to open it in a second page and have it handy as you read this.
Solar Photovoltaic: When it comes to the best regions for solar photovoltaic -- turning the Sun's radiating photons directly into electricity -- a vivid sunburn covers inland Southern California, southern Nevada, and generous portions of Arizona and New Mexico.
Concentrated Solar: Concentrated solar works by using mirrors to bounce sunlight onto a central point, and uses the resulting heat to generate steam. This approach creates prodigious amounts of electricity but is rendered ineffective if a cloud blocks the sun. For this reason, it's the ideal solution in a zone of Southern California and Nevada where months go by with hardly a cloud in the sky.
Wind: Note the belt of purple that traverses the Great Plains states, from Texas through Kansas and Nebraska and up through the Dakotas. This resource is the reason that Iowa gets 20 percent of its energy from wind, and why wind-energy tax credits are a hot issue in the presidential race.
When one looks offshore, the resource is everywhere.
The wind blows on average eight meters or a more second all along the Atlantic Coast from South Carolina up through Maine, which explains why projects such as the Atlantic Wind Connection have momentum. Strong winds also flow across all of the Great Lakes and along the shorelines of Alaska, Hawaii, and the entire Pacific Coast. The most ferocious winds of all are in the deeper waters of Maine, at the border of California and Oregon, around Hawaii and in the Aleutian Islands, where the wind typically blows faster than 10.5 meters an hour. Also, look what a great energy source Texas has offshore of Corpus Christi.
Biomass: Biomass is the leftovers from agriculture, forestry, milling and food that can be converted to fuel. As the map shows, not every part of the country is equally endowed.
Fortunately, lots of fuel material can be found in Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi and Alabama -- states that lack strong sun or wind (except for hurricanes, of course). Excess greenery is also a potential fuel source in the Upper Midwest from eastern North Dakota through Minnesota, Iowa and Illinois, which are near the winds off the Great Lakes but otherwise lack sources of renewable energy.
Areas of solid green (and not just in politics) can be found in Oregon and Washington, Northern California, some inland counties of Southern California, and the two farthest corners of the Eastern Seaboard -- the state of Maine and the counties of Florida bordering the Everglades.
Geothermal: The West wins once again when it comes to geothermal resources, or hot rocks lying a few thousand feet underground that can be injected with water to create steam. By a large margin, the most accessible heat is in Nevada, Eastern Oregon and Idaho and Utah and Colorado, with significant pockets in New Mexico, Arizona, and California.
These maps don't tell the whole story. NREL simultaneously issued another report, "U.S. Renewable Energy Technical Potentials: a GIS Analysis," that takes the raw resources and examines where they are actually practical, based on factors like topography and land-use laws. By that measure, what is the state most promising for almost every sort of renewable energy? Texas.
Special thanks to Code With Me DC and especially Danny DeBelius for teaching me the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to put the maps page together.
What do you find interesting about these maps? Share your findings in the comments.
was 45 when he returned to India after spending 21 years in Discounting the three years that he spent as a student in London, his life had been divided exactly half and half between the land of his birth and
"I was born in India", he was to say "but made in "
We should know, in our 'Make in India' times, how important it was for Gandhi and for India that he was "made" in South Africa. We should know, too, what it was that went into that "making".
"You sent to us a lawyer", said, addressing India and Indians, "we returned to you a Mahatma".
Gandhi became what he became in the country of his adoption, not just because he was hurled out of a train one traumatic morning in Pietermaritzburg but because he came to meet, to get to know and to work with, in terms of exhilarating camaraderie and challenging colleagueship, in that distant land, a cross-section of the people of India. Had he lived and worked as a suburban lawyer in Bombay, he would have co-existed with their prototypes, rubbed shoulders with them indifferently on buses and trains, lived 'back to back' with them. But in South Africa, the dislocation, dispossession, disempowerment of immigrant life placed him in the eye of a growing storm. He saw in indenture, injustice. He saw in voicelessness, slavery, in votelessness, serfdom. He saw in racial discrimination, the very antithesis of what as a student in London he had come to value as Victorian England's political high-ground. But in this very 'hell' of adversities, Gandhi saw an enormous chance for Indians to rise above their circumstances, above the 'hollows' and the 'deeps'.
In the response to his appeal for political action, he saw in his fellow Indians extraordinary guts, unexpected stamina and above all, a readiness that he had not known in himself for sacrifice. He also saw that riven by caste and religious divisions and distrust, the Indian South African was being unjust to himself and to his fellow Indians. Would he, could he rise above the injustices heaped on him and the injustices he heaped on himself and his kind?
The answer he found from among the men and women he worked with was a resounding 'Yes!'. More, he also found bursts of solidarity - inter-caste, inter-religious, inter-language - among them. He found, in other words, not just the need but the scope for what has become a cliche - Indian pluralism.
Gandhi had been 'hired' by a Muslim firm, Dada Abdulla Seth's. He lodged, for various times, with a Parsi family, 'Parsee' Rustomji's. He, his wife and children, became part of a Hindu Tamil family - Tambi Naidoo's. He appeared in court for every segment of Indian society, charging nothing from the poor, charging the rich heftily.
Did he get to know, get to feel with and for the Africans of South Africa, for their future as the true 'owners' of South Africa? He did not, not nearly as well as he could and should have. A century after he left South Africa, this valid criticism is made by Gandhi's critics in India and elsewhere very trenchantly but very comfortably from the vantage of political evolution. But we should hear Mandela on the subject. The greatest South African, and father of that nation in freedom, has educated us on Gandhi's political and personal colleagueship with John Dube, the first President of the African Congress.
Did Gandhi become a complete human being, a flawless leader, author of a perfect blueprint for India's greatness? No, he did not. He has been criticised, with validity but not without malice, for being a domineering husband, a unilateral householder, a very self-willed leader. But on what basis? That of his own self-excoriating writings, his own self-criticism.
The Gandhi who returned to India on January 9, 1915, as one 'made' in South Africa, was still as fallible as any, as evolving, as 'in the making', as anyone in his mid-40s. But he was almost complete in two roles - that of a satyagrahi with two major disciplined, non-violent 'mass' campaigns under his Gujarati 'belt', and that of what he called himself in his 'Farewell Letter' to Indians in South Africa - a girmitya, 'the community's indentured labourer'.
He saw India's ills beyond political servitude to Britain - her self-inflicted woes, sectarian distrust among her people, casteism, the urban-rural divide, economic disparities, sloth, squalor, superstition, and a proclivity to violence, physical, verbal, emotional. He came determined to labour for their removal. Within the very first week of his landing in Bombay, he met the foremost political leader of the time, Lokamanya Tilak, his political mentor Gopal Krishna Gokhale, the 'GOM of India' Dadabhai Naoroji, the liberal leader Srinivasa Sastri, his future political counter-point Mohammed Ali Jinnah and the Governor of Bombay and a future Governor General, Lord Willingdon. And saw a play - a rare occurrence for him - on the life of the Great Renunciate and spiritual inspiration for India's future Constitution-maker, Babasaheb Ambedkar - in 'Buddhadeva'.
Gandhi's indentured labour for a secular and egalitarian India, committed to non-violence and human dignity began thus, this week, a hundred years ago.
That India clamours to go beyond a nationalism that benumbs its pains with the fantasy of past 'greatness' and the fiction of future glory in super-powerism.
The author, Mahatma Gandhi's grandson, is former governor of West Bengal. He also served as the Indian high commissioner in South Africa
Now she is much more pessimistic, especially about the economy's long-term prospects. Although she is pleased that the Affordable Care Act survived Republican efforts to repeal it, the gridlock has led her to believe that Mr. Trump will never get a big infrastructure spending package through Congress.
“I am losing hope that we will make those much-needed investments over the next few years,” said Ms. Boushey, executive director of the liberal Center for Equitable Growth.
The University of Michigan researchers have their own way of measuring the gulf between the two viewpoints and how quickly it has flipped.
Among Republicans, the Michigan consumer expectations index was at 61.1 in October, the kind of reading typically reported in the depths of a recession. Confident that Mrs. Clinton would win, Democrats registered a 95.4 reading, close to the highs reached when her husband was in office in the late 1990s and the economy was soaring.
By March, the positions were reversed, with an even more extreme split. Republicans' expectations had soared to 122.5, equivalent to levels registered in boom times. As for Democrats, they were even more pessimistic than Republicans had been in October.
As at the voting booth, the split in perceptions could have real-world consequences. If behavior tracks the recession-era sentiment among Democrats, who account for 32 percent of respondents in the survey, prophecies could quickly become self-fulfilling by affecting spending and investing decisions.
“If one-third of the population cut their consumer spending by 5 percent, you get a recession,” said Alan Blinder, a Princeton economist who served in the Clinton administration and advised Al Gore and Hillary Clinton on economic policy during their Democratic presidential campaigns. “I don't think it will happen, but it's not beyond the realm of the possible.”
The developer of Ad Infinitum, now called StrixLab, has released a new update for the game following a recent update that confirmed the game was still in development.
Ad Infinitum is a survival horror game set during World War 1. The first teaser for the game was released last year and showed off a rather menacing looking ghost-like creature in the trenches of a battlefield. You can watch the teaser by following the link.
The new screenshots and GIFs of the game give us our best look at Ad Infinitum yet, showing off a war-torn World War 1 battlefield. Details are light on Ad Infinitum so far, but we'll be reaching out to the developers soon to learn more about the game.
Check out the screenshots for the game below and let us know what you think of them in the comments section. Stay tuned for further updates on Ad Infinitum as we have them by following OnlySP on Facebook and Twitter.
The game currently does not have a release date and the only confirmed platform is PC, but the developers would like to bring the game to the PS4 at some point.
https://twitter.com/strix_lab/status/744131729653374976
BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) – The Serbian soccer association fired national team coach Slavoljub Muslin on Monday despite his team's qualification for the World Cup.
The FSS said Muslin will leave by ''mutual agreement.'' It thanked him for ''good cooperation and results'' and named former Schalke defender Mladen Krstajic as interim coach.
After eight years of failing to make it to a major championship, Serbia qualified for next year's World Cup for the second time since becoming an independent nation in 2006.
Serbian soccer officials have criticized Muslin for his team selection, defensive tactics and for failing to bring in young players, especially talented Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic.
''We parted ways because we don't think alike on how the team should look for the World Cup in Russia,'' Muslin was quoted as saying by Serbian media.
The 64-year-old Muslin took over the national team in 2016 after coaching mostly French, Belgian and Russian clubs.
Mitsuyasu Maeno (前野 光保, Maeno Mitsuyasu, c.1947[1] – March 23, 1976) was a Japanese actor who appeared in roman porno films. He died in a suicide attack on Yoshio Kodama, a multi-millionaire right-wing leader and leading figure in the Lockheed bribery scandals.[2] Contents
Background Edit
Acting career Edit
Maeno had difficulty in getting work in film, and began appearing in softcore pornographic films because of the better money.[9] By 1976, more than two-thirds of Japan's films were in the pink film genre in which Maeno appeared.[12] Nikkatsu, Japan's oldest studio, had been specializing in these softcore pink films since late 1971,[13] and by the time of his death he had appeared in about twenty of the company's roman porno films.[6] He had most recently appeared in his best-known role, Nikkatsu's Tokyo Emmanuelle (1976), for which he received screen billing.[14] In this film he made love to the popular actress Kumi Taguchi while flying a plane.[6] The film was the half-Caucasian Taguchi's debut for Nikkatsu, having appeared previously in films for Toei, including Tokyo Deep Throat (1975).[15] Tokyo Emmanuelle later became the first of Nikkatsu's roman pornos to be distributed in Britain.[16] Maeno was also an amateur pilot, and was registered at the Taiyo Flying Club.[7] According to flight instructor Kiyoshi Yagi, Maeno had told him before the attack that he intended to crash his plane into Kodama's home.[7]
The Lockheed Scandal Edit
In early 1976, Japan was scandalized by news of the Lockheed bribery scandals, and the involvement of the highest levels of Japanese political power, including Yoshio Kodama.[10] Kodama had been confined to his house since suffering a stroke in 1975.[17] He was accused of accepting more than seven million dollars from the Lockheed Corporation to bribe Japanese officials to facilitate sales of their airplanes.[7] Mitsuyasu Maeno, disillusioned by a man he had previously respected, told friends that he believed Kodama had betrayed the right-wing and the samurai code which he espoused.[18] The extreme brand of nationalism to which Kodama and Maeno adhered had generally remained hidden from public eye until Kodama's exposure in the Lockheed scandal.[8] Calling Kodama a "shameful person", he considered the lobbyist's acceptance of money from Lockheed to be a national disgrace.[6]
The attack Edit
In early March 1976, Maeno flew around Kodama's neighborhood in Setagaya, gaining knowledge of the area in preparation for an attack.[2] On the morning of March 23, 1976, Maeno arrived in the western suburbs of Tokyo at Chofu Airport with two friends. All three were dressed in the uniforms of kamikaze pilots, and Maeno informed airport officials that they were renting two planes for a kamikaze segment of a film.[2] The flight was to prepare publicity for a planned film on the suicide bombers.[4] Before 9:00 a.m., the actor posed in his uniform, with white scarf, rising-sun images on his sleeve, and a headband[4] in front of the Piper Cherokee plane he had rented.[6] Maeno in one plane, and his two companions in the other; the three flew around Tokyo for a period of about one hour.[2] Maeno then told his friends that he had business in Setagaya – Kodama's neighborhood.[4] The other plane, with the cameraman on board, accompanied Maeno on the flight to Kodama's residence.[19] Maeno flew low over Kodama's home, circling twice before diving into the building.[2] An amateur radio operator reported that at 9:50 a.m. he heard Maeno call out "JA3551" – the number of his plane – and then saying emotionally, "Sorry I haven't replied for a long time. Long live the Emperor! (天皇陛下万歳, Tennō heika banzai!)," after which the transmission suddenly ceased.[19] Maeno hit the second floor veranda of the home and died in the crash.[4] The crash caused a fire, which started on the second floor of the home,[3] and two servants were injured in the attack.[3] Kodama was resting in another part of the building when Maeno attacked.[19] He was not harmed in the attack and was carried from his home in a blanket.[3] Kodama's yakuza bodyguards then went quickly to work to stop the fire.[2] Angered, the guards attacked reporters who arrived on the scene. The reporters later complained that police had warned them not to "excite the young men."[2] When news of the attack became known, a group of approximately twenty right-wing demonstrators arrived on the scene and clashed with the police in front of Kodama's home.[3] At first fearing a conspiracy, police later confirmed that Maeno had acted on his own.[2]
Reaction Edit
Maeno's suicide flight inspired a variety of reactions in Japan. According to an Associated Press article, many Japanese felt some sympathy with Maeno's actions because of the shame associated with the Lockheed scandal. The scandal had shown an unsavory side of Japanese politics to the world, and there was a sense of frustration that the high-ranking politicians who had dealt with Kodama would never be revealed or brought to justice.[8] Many, however, also equally rejected the ideological motives behind Maeno's attack. An editorial in the Mainichi Shimbun asked the question, "Is it imaginable that a young German, not a wartime officer, would commit suicide in a Nazi uniform, shouting 'Heil Hitler!'? Coming more than 30 years after the end of World War II, Maeno's kamikaze flight revived the ghost the Japanese wanted to forget."[8] Keiichi Ito, the director-general for training of the Japan Self-Defense Forces, said that Maeno's act was tainted by self-serving motives, not in self-sacrifice for the country.[18] Ito, who was a surviving member of the tokkōtai, or kamikaze units, said "Maeno was performing an egotistical, grandstand play to win publicity, not unlike Mishima's suicide. Both were showing off to the world."[18] Nevertheless, Ito commended Maeno's technique in the attack. Commenting that, if Maeno's intent had been to kill Kodama, he could not have known where he would be located within the house. Ito said the bombing was, "very skillful, I give him the highest marks on that score."[18] Lockheed scandal historian David Boulton writes that the attack on one of the leading figures by a pornographic actor, "aptly summed up the obscenity of it all."[9]
Aftermath Edit
Kodama was unharmed in the attack and went to trial in June 1977.[9] The trial was postponed. Before it had been concluded, on January 17, 1984, Kodama suffered another stroke and died peacefully. Shortly before his death, the right-wing leader had expressed the view that he was being punished for taking money from Lockheed, a company that had built aircraft to fight Japan during World War II.[10] In the years after his death, Maeno's Roman Porno appearances attracted a cult following among enthusiasts of the genre.[9] Nearly three decades after his death, Maeno's career as an actor received a posthumous recognition through his best-known film appearance, in Chilean writer Antonio Skármeta's 2003 novel, The Dancer and the Thief. In the novel, lead character, Ángel, meets his love interest in front of a Japanese cinema.[20] The poster advertising Tokyo Emmanuelle and its cast, including Maeno's name, misspelled as "Mitsuyaso Mainu", becomes a point of connection between the two.[21]
References Edit
Buy Photo Endless used syringes, packing and empty heroin bags carpet the embankment along the Conrail train tracks in the "Badlands," also known as Philadelphia's West Kensington neighborhood. Heroin users congregate here to shoot the drug openly. (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNAL, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Two people are dead after nearly two dozen people overdosed in Sussex County over a three-day period this weekend.
Since 1 a.m. Thursday, 20 people were given naloxone for heroin overdoses in Sussex County, according to Jill Fredel, director of communications at Delaware Department of Health and Social Services. Of the 20 cases, 15 occurred in western Sussex County.
The outbreak claimed the lives of two Seaford men. The most recent was a man believed to be in his 40s. His death was preceded by the death of a man believed to be in his 50s on Friday. Both men's names and ages have not been released by DHSS, pending notification of next of kin, Fredel said.
During the same time, Kent County and New Castle County accounted for eight suspected drug overdoses, she said.
RELATED:Where Delaware gets its heroin
Patrolman 1st Class Christopher Story with the Laurel Police Department wouldn't say if a "bad batch" of the drug was going around in Sussex County. Though he did say police agencies in the area are actively trying to determine the cause of the overdose spike.
“At this time, we don't know if these are all the same stamps linked to the overdoses,” he said. “We are still trying to identify.” Most heroin bags (or wax baggies) are marked with a “personal stamp,” to reflect the dealer or the area.
He did say there has been an increase in calls over police dispatch this past weekend related to overdoses.
Beginning Thursday, emergency crews responded to seven reported overdoses in a 24-hour period in the Seaford and Laurel areas.
Last month, four fatal overdoses hit New Castle County in five hours.
Buy Photo An officer with the New Castle County Police department's MET (Mobile Enforcement Team) starts counting out five bundles of heroin marked Jaguar that was taken from a dealer during a traffic violation stop on North Broom Street near Lancaster Pike in Wilmington. (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Fredel stressed the importance of treatment for those battling the addiction epidemic. The Department of Health and Social Services offers a 24/7 Crisis Helpline at (800) 345-6785 in Sussex and Kent counties, or (800) 652-2929 in New Castle County for people seeking drug treatment. Additionally, there are two drug addiction treatment centers in Delaware, in New Castle and southern Kent counties.
“If someone calls us and says ‘I've been on heroin for months, or years …' we will work with them to first get them to a detox (center) and then into a residential treatment facility,” she said.
Anyone who witnesses an overdose is asked to call 911. Under Delaware's 911/Good Samaritan Law, people who call 911 to report an overdose, cannot be arrested for low-level drug crimes.
Michael Barbieri, director of the Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health, alerted treatment providers statewide of the surge in overdoses in western Sussex. Hospitals and urgent care centers were notified of the increase by the Division of Public Health's Emergency Medical Services, which oversees the state's paramedic service.
“This spike in overdoses is alarming,” said Dr. Kara Odom Walker, cabinet secretary for DHSS and a family physician. “Even one use of heroin or another opioid can end a life.”
The National Prescription Drug Takeback Day on April 29 will give Delawareans a safe way to dispose of prescription drugs at local police departments and other participating agencies. The goal is to both rid homes of addictive medications and educate citizens on the potential for misuse of these drugs.
In a high percentage of cases, Fredel said discarded prescription painkillers kept in homes are “sometimes the gateway, unfortunately, for people to experiment with heroin down the road.”
“We want to get the medication out of people's houses … purses … medicine cabinets … drawers and just give people a safe way of disposing of them,” she said.
The statewide effort run in conjunction with Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), has resulted in the collection of more than 60,000 pounds of medication, Fredel added.
“The way Delaware comes out of the heroin epidemic is restricting people from getting addicted in the first place,” Fredel said.
Additionally, multiple police departments and select Walgreens are accepting unused or expired medication. A full list of drop-off locations in Delaware can be found on the Drug Enforcement Agency's website: deadiversion.usdoj.gov.
DHSS reports in 2016, 308 people died from overdoses in Delaware, almost triple the number who died in traffic accidents.
In 2015, a total of 228 people died from overdoses in Delaware, six more than the 222 overdoses deaths reported in 2014.
On Friday, Sgt. Richard D. Bratz, director of the Public Information Office for the Delaware State Police, reported that as a result of the spike in heroin overdoses, the Sussex County Drug Unit is actively investigating and seeking information on any of the drug overdoses.
Police ask anyone with information to contact Sgt. M. Dawson of the Sussex County Drug Unit at (302) 752-3815.
Prevention, treatment and recovery information and resources in Delaware and nearby states also are available on DHSS' www.HelpIsHereDE.com website.
STORY:Police: Woman sold heroin from Bear-area home
Contact Alonzo Small at (302) 324-2856 or asmall@delawareonline.com. Follow him on Twitter @P_AlonzoSmall.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2paOLcg
Advertisement
A vast collection of early photographs of Jerusalem and the Holy Land has been sold for almost £1 MILLION in one of the 'most memorable' sales of travel images.
The stunning collection, which is made up of more than 1,000 black and white images, date back as far as 1840 when photography was still in its infancy.
It consisted of some of Jerusalem's most historic landmarks including Mount Zion, the Al-Aqsa Mosque and Jewish cemetery.
This is one of the 1,000 black and white photographs which formed part of the £1 million collection of images of Jerusalem from the 1850s
The collection, which was sold by Sotheby's was assembled over a period of 25 years by a man with an interest in the area
The collection features some of the earliest photographs ever taken of the Holy Land from the mid 19th century
The photographs, which straddle genres and subject matter, give an extraordinary glimpse into the lives of people living in the region during the 19th Century.
It includes photos of Bedouins, Muslim worshippers, mosques and monuments as well as stunning landscapes.
The collection had been assembled over 25 years by a gentleman who wanted to assemble the finest example of photographs taken in one of the most politically, culturally and religiously important areas of the world.
Described as being of 'great historical significance', the collection was auctioned off by Sotheby's at its Travel, Atlases, Maps and Natural History sale in London.
The auction house had given the photographs a lower estimate of £300,000 - but a tense battle between two anonymous phone bidders resulted in it selling for £960,000.
Richard Fattorini, travel books specialist at Sotheby's, today described it as 'one of the most memorable' auctions he had been involved in.
He said: 'It was a tremendous price but the people involved in bidding recognised there were some great treasures taken by some of the most celebrated photographers.
According to Sotheby's who sold the photographs, there are more images taken every two minutes now than during the entire 19th century
This image of the Wailing Wall from 1870 is believed to be one of the earliest photographs of Jewish people praying at the location
According to Sotheby's, the entire collection was expected to sell for approximately £300,000 but two bidders trebled the hammer price
This image overlooking the Sea of Galilee was taken in the 1860s and is one of the first ever recorded images from the area
This is a photograph by the acclaimed pioneering photographer George Bridges who had nine images in the collection
'Every two minutes more photographs are taken around the world than there were in the whole of the 19th Century.
'Photographs from this period are rare and this was the largest single collection of photographs to appear at auction
'I imagine there are some libraries and institutions around the world with collections but this has to be the finest in private hands.
'There is a strong demand for early travel images and for this lot there was global interest.'
The collection included nine original photographs from George Bridges, who was among the earliest photographers to use William Fox Talbot's calotype process for taking pictures. This meant he could create a negative that could be turned into multiple prints.
There were also photographs taken in surrounding areas including Egypt, Lebanon and Syria.
Richard added: 'The owner had assembled them over 25 years, buying them at auctions around the world.
'There was global interest and at the start there were five people bidding..
'The sale went on for between five and ten minutes with two telephone bidders, bidding against each other in £50,000 increments. It was tense and there was a great sense of drama.
'There is a strong demand for early travel images and this was among the record prices.
'To have sold a collection like this was a great privilege and it is one of the most memorable sales I have been involved in during my 16 years at Sotheby's.'
The collection, which was assembled over a quarter of a century attracted five bidders who quickly increased the price of the images
In May 2000 I began a post-doctoral position in the Mathematics Department at Kansas State University. Shortly after I arrived I learned of a conference for homeschoolers to be held in Wichita, the state's largest city. Since that was a short drive from my home, and since anything related to public education in Kansas had relevance to my new job, I decided, on a whim, to attend.
You might recall that Kansas was then embroiled in a battle over state science standards. A politically conservative school board had made a number of changes to existing standards, including the virtual elimination of evolution and the Big Bang. This was very much on the mind of my fellow conference attendees, most of whom were homeschooling for specifically religious reasons. The conference keynoters all hailed form Answers in Genesis, an advocacy group that endorses creationism.
As a politically liberal mathematician who accepted the scientific consensus on evolution, this was all new to me. Curious to learn more, I struck up conversations with other audience members and participated in Q&A sessions whenever I could. The Wichita conference became the first of many that I attended over the next decade. This immersion in the creationist subculture taught me a few things about America's hostility to evolution.
Some of what I learned was predictable. Though my conversation partners typically spoke with great confidence on a variety of scientific topics, it was rare that they really understood much about the theory they so despised. For me this problem was especially acute when they discussed mathematics. I lost track of how many times folks would tell me that probability theory refuted evolution, and then defend their view with absurd calculations bearing no resemblance to reality. If you are possessed of even a rudimentary understanding of basic science, then you quickly realize the extent to which they have neglected their homework.
Also unsurprising was the insularity I found. For many of the people I met, evangelical Christianity represented a tiny island of righteousness adrift in a sea of secular evil. At virtually every conference one or more speakers would warn of the seductions of "the world's" wisdom, which is to say the world outside of their own tiny enclave. As they saw it, evolution was just one tool among many in the arsenal of God's enemies.
But I also learned some things that surprised me. On many occasions I asked people the blunt question, "What do you find so objectionable about evolution?" Never once did anyone reply, "It is contrary to the Bible." Conflicts with Scripture were certainly an issue, and these concerns arose almost inevitably if the conversation persisted long enough. They were never the paramount concern, however. It is not as though they thought evolution was an intriguing idea, but felt honor bound to reject it because the Bible forced them to. Instead, they flatly despised evolution, usually for reasons having nothing to do with the Bible.
They were horrified, for example, by the savagery and waste entailed by the evolutionary process. You can imagine how it looks to them to suggest that a God of love and justice, who declares his creation to be "very good," would employ a method of creation which rewards any behavior, no matter how cruel or sadistic, so long as it inserts your genes into the next generation.
And what are we to make of humanity's significance in Darwin's world? Tradition teaches we are the pinnacle of creation, unique among the animals for being created in God's image. Science tells a different story, one in which we are just an incidental, unintended byproduct of a lengthy evolutionary process. It is logically possible these stories are just two facets of the same reality, but there appears to be serious tension here nonetheless. Nor should we ignore the pernicious effect of evolution on the traditional argument from design. To accept evolution is to accept that if we are the result of a divine plan, it is one that was set in motion billions of years ago. For many, such a God is simply too far away.
Many Christians have resolved these issues to their own satisfaction. The literature defending "theistic evolution" is large and erudite. I can understand, though, why so many people are not impressed with such efforts. Too often the arguments therein just seem hollow, ad hoc or even desperate. They seem like so much armchair philosophy, as though the writer thinks the task of reconciliation is accomplished when a logically possible scenario containing both God and evolution, no matter how implausible, is produced. More than anything else, my time with the creationists has shown me that the task of reconciling science with faith is far more difficult than is sometimes pretended.
If, indeed, it can be accomplished at all.
Margaret Thatcher blocked plans to strip a paedophile diplomat of his knighthood, according to confidential Government papers published for the first time today.
The then Prime Minister allowed Sir Peter Hayman to keep his knighthood even though she knew he was a member of the Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE) and had recently been convicted of gross indecency with another man in a public toilet.
Foreign Office files obtained by this newspaper under Freedom of Information laws show that Mrs Thatcher chose to warn Sir Peter – who died in 1992 – about his future conduct rather than strip him of the knighthood.
Margaret Thatcher blocked plans to strip paedophile diplomat Sir Peter Hayman (right) of his knighthood, according to confidential Government papers published for the first time today
On July 11, 1984, Sir Robin Butler – her principal private secretary – told the Foreign Office: ‘I am writing to confirm that the Prime Minister agrees that Sir Peter Hayman should be warned that if there were any repetition of the offence for which he has recently been convicted and fined, there should be no alternative but that he should be stripped of his honours, but that no such recommendation should be put forward at the present time.'
Details of Mrs Thatcher's intervention come just two months after The Mail on Sunday revealed that she approved a knighthood for the late Sir Cyril Smith – even though she knew police had investigated him over allegations of child sex abuse.
And in 2013 it emerged that she had tried to secure a knighthood for the disgraced DJ Jimmy Savile, even though civil servants regarded him as a ‘strange personality'.
At the time of Sir Robin's letter, Mrs Thatcher would have been aware of both Sir Peter's recent conviction and his links to PIE.
Sir Peter Hayman and Lady Hayman at Uxmore House, their home in Checkendon. They posed for pictures at the front door, but refused to answer questions concerning the child pornography case
In 1981 Tory MP Geoffrey Dickens had used parliamentary privilege to brand the retired diplomat a paedophile in the House of Commons. He was responding to the revelation that in 1978 the then retired Sir Peter, a father of two and former High Commissioner to Canada, had left paedophilia-related material on a bus.
The Foreign Office papers show there was strong support for stripping him of all of his honours – but suggest that Mrs Thatcher may have resisted because she wanted to avoid dragging the Queen into a scandal.
On June 27, 1984, Sir Antony Acland – the Permanent Under Secretary at the Foreign Office – told then Foreign Secretary Sir Geoffrey Howe that the calls for action would be difficult to ignore. He said that those high up in the Order of St Michael and St George – an order of chivalry – felt that ‘officers of the Order should recommend that he be stripped, since to do nothing might offend Members of the Order, and possibly members of the public.
‘The Dean of St Paul's also took the view, because of his anxiety to protect children, although Sir Peter was not convicted of any charge in this respect.'
But he warned that stripping Sir Peter of his honours could prove problematic. ‘The matter is further complicated since Sir Peter holds the CVO – the Queen's personal order,' Sir Antony said.
Details of Mrs Thatcher's intervention come just two months after The Mail on Sunday revealed that she approved a knighthood for the late Sir Cyril Smith
He added that if he were stripped of the knighthood, ‘he would have to lose the CVO and MBE also, so the Queen is to some extent already involved'.
In the papers, Sir Peter expresses shame for his actions and reveals he is being supported by his wife Rosemary and a psychiatrist.
On July 25, 1984, he wrote to a Whitehall official: ‘Let me repeat once again how bitterly ashamed I am for what I have done.' He added: ‘Rosemary wants me to say how greatly she too appreciated all that you have said and all that you have done.'
The oil products tanker Taiko Maru collided with passenger ferry Asakaze No 5 at Hakodate Harbor, Japan. The ferry, carrying 30 passengers on board, was leaving the port en route to Aomori, but crossed route of the tanker and both ships collided. The both skippers succeeded to maneuver correctly in last minuted and reversed engines, but it was too late to avoid collision. The oil products tanker Taiko Maru hit with the bow the ferry's starboard, but fortunately at slow speed and did not cause sufficient damages. The accident was reported to the local authorities and after short inspection, the both vessels were released to return in operations.
There were no injured people on board of the both vessels during the collision. The local authorities started investigation for the responsibility of the accident. According to witness evidences, the accident was described just a touch and did not cause damages of the both vessels. There is no report about oil leaks and water pollution. However, the local authorities, ordered both vessels to be inspected at the next port of call.
The oil products tanker Taiko Maru (IMO: 9251119) has overall length of 75.50 m, moulded beam of 12.00 m and maximum draft of 4.00 m. The deadweight of the vessel is 2,118 DWT and the gross tonnage is 749 GRT. The tanker was built in 2001 by Murakami Hide Shipbuilding in Imabari, Japan. The owner and operator of the oil products tanker is local company Taiyo Kisen.
The ferry Asakaze No 5 (IMO: 9178692) is operating on regular route between Aomori and Hakodate. The vessel has overall length of 100.00 m, moulded beam of 15.00 m and maximum draft of 3.50 m. The deadweight of the vessel is 1,379 DWT and the gross tonnage is 1,958 GRT. The ferry was built in 1998 by Tamanishi Shipbuilding and Iron Works in their shipyard in Ishinomaki, Japan. The ferry Asakaze No 5 is operating under the flag of Japan and is managed by the local company Kita Nippon Kaiun.
Everyone showers love on New York Comic Con — hardly a surprise, since the organizers wrote the tweets themselves
Carlo Allegri / Reuters Makeup artists Kamila Wysocka and Alexis Jackson from Florida point at another costumed person as they eat dinner in their zombie makeup at ComicCon in New York, October 10, 2013.
Launched in 2006, New York Comic Con has grown to attract an annual crowd of over a hundred thousand fans of comics, video games and movies. And as if that hype wasn't enough, organizers decided this year to use attendees' Twitter accounts to send out promo messages without their knowledge.
Shortly after doors opened to the convention on Thursday, hundreds of pre-written tweets were sent out from the handles of unassuming visitors.
Brian Crecente, co-founder and news editor at Polygon, wrote to TIME explaining how he noticed his account had gone renegade after queries from followers. After a brief browse, he found more than 500 similar tweets from other fans, press and professionals.
“It appears that when attendees went online to pre-activate the RFID chip in their convention badge, they were given the option to link their badge with their Twitter account,” Crecente writes, adding of his own registration process: “I assumed it was something that would allow me to more easily tweet on my own.”
https://twitter.com/crecenteb/status/388405166158147584
Polygon has contacted New York Comic Con and Twitter officials for a comment, but has yet to receive a response.
× 1 of 2 Expand Photos by Mic Smith Teeing off Ricky Wysocki winds up for a tee shot on Hole 5 at Winthrop Gold. × 2 of 2 Expand Photos by Mic Smith Waiting their turn Ricky Wysocki greets fans and signs discs after Sunday's championship round. Prev Next
Hole 15 at Winthrop Gold, the Rock Hill Course where the Professional Disc Golf Association holds its national championship, is a tough par four with a dogleg-left fairway and a hole that sits in a thicket of dense trees.
It requires players to throw their tee shots low and straight through two “mandos” (what disc golfers call mandatory obstacles), while threading the needle of a yellow-roped hazard on the right and a red-roped O.B. (out-of-bounds marker) on the left.
During the second round of the 2015 U.S. Disc Golf Championship, local favorite Ricky Wysocki, one of the world's best players, went left on 15, his thin driver disc barely staying inbounds as it bounced into the underbrush beneath a magnolia tree. For his second shot, he bent down on one knee and tried a roller, a difficult toss that would turn the disc on its side and force it to arc on the ground toward the target. At first, the shot looked perfect. But then, everyone in the gallery started to wince as the disc careened into a basketball-sized rock.
Wysocki shook his head and almost slammed his hand down on the turf before regaining his composure. Things, after all, were tense. He was playing in a group that consisted of the number-one player in the world, Paul “McBeast” McBeth, and 12-time world champion Ken “The Champ” Climo. The pressure was on the 22-year-old Wysocki to win his first national championship on his home turf. But to stay competitive during the four-day tournament, he couldn't afford many botched throws.
“Just like any sport, if you're winning the tournament or doing really well, people are out to get you,” Wysocki says after the round. “Me and Paul McBeth, we've battled a lot recently in the majors. I've gotten second multiple times in a row the past few years, so that has to be a rivalry. We're always competing.”
'Golf is golf'
If all this seems a little overdramatic for a sport that consists of young guys throwing Frisbees at trees, think again. For starters, the objects these well-paid professionals are hurling are properly called discs. They are lighter and smaller than Frisbees, and it takes a perfect throw to land one in the chain-link baskets that serve as targets. Second, when you think about it, isn't traditional golf just people trying to hit a small, white ball into a cup? Why shouldn't professional disc golfers take their version of the sport seriously?
“We love golf,” says Jonathan Poole, the team manager for Innova Discs, the tournament's sponsor. “It's just a different set of tools, but it feels very similar. We don't want people to look down at us like skiers look down at snowboarders. We're still bringing people to the mountain. And, what's more, we've had 15 percent growth every year since 1983, which speaks to disc golf being more than a fad.”
Like their PGA counterparts, PDGA professionals use much of the same vocabulary, though they're more likely to say “he flicks a birdie,” rather than “he shoots a birdie.”
They have drivers, the skinniest discs in their bags; mid-range discs, which are like irons; and putters, which are the heaviest and have the fattest rim and the easiest grip.
And while professional disc golfers are more likely to sport tattoos than PGA golfers, they also have sponsors, the names of which are printed on their shirts and bags. Disc golfers arrive at tournaments a week early to practice, and some even have caddies to carry backpacks full of discs. They travel all over the world, and they have legions of loyal fans who cheer on every shot and beg for autographs.
“And the mental game is almost the exact same,” Wysocki says. “Golf is golf.”
No home-field advantage
Quiet, respectful, humble, focused—it's a style Wysocki perfected while playing as a high school kid in Medina, Ohio, where he grew up across the street from the popular Roscoe Ewing disc golf course.
He practiced every day, for two hours a day, and soon joined the professional tour, winning Rookie of the Year in 2011 and then Player of the Year the following season. When Wysocki was 18, his family moved to Fort Mill, a turn of events that allowed him to play year-round on the Winthrop University course, where a large lake and rolling hills make for challenging disc golf even when it's not set up with the tournament's restrictive out-of-bounds ropes.
Now with 73 professional wins, including two majors and more than $165,000 in tournament earnings to his name, “Socki-Bomb,” as he's affectionately known on tour, has seen more of the world than most people see in a life-time. Disc golf has taken him all across the U.S. and to Australia, Canada, Finland and Sweden, where the sport is extremely popular. Last year, he signed a sponsorship deal with a Swedish company, Latitude 64.
“I love traveling,” he says. “I've adapted my lifestyle to it. I like to play new courses, but I also like to check out parts of the country with local food or local hot spots.”
Heading into the 2015 national championship, Wysocki was one of the favorites to win, but nobody could call his familiarity with the course a home-field advantage. Disc golf is just too unpredictable, and Winthrop Gold is always a challenge.
“I'm not too often at home, but when I am, I like to come out here and play,” Wysocki says. “It's a great place to practice. This course, especially, it brings out all the shots. You have to use every shot in your bag playing this course, because you're going to get in so many different lies.”
‘A very nerve-racking hole'
On the final day of the 2015 tournament, the weather turned cold and rainy, but hundreds of diehard fans still lined the fairways, watching as rivals Wysocki and McBeth battled it out, the lead seesawing between them over six holes—a birdie here, answered by a bogey there.
On the 16th hole, Wysocki sidearmed a beautiful drive that left him with an easy birdie putt, which he made, but McBeth saved par with a 45-footer that left them tied going into the infamous Hole 17.
Hole 17 at Winthrop Gold is an island-like par 3 upon which you either land your drive with precision or go out of bounds. If you go O.B., you must tee off again with a one-stroke penalty.
“My least favorite hole has got to be 17, coming down the stretch,” Wysocki says. “You've got to make sure you get that tee shot in, and that's a big game changer if you don't. It's a very nerve-racking hole.”
Wysocki teed off first in front of the home crowd. Here was his chance, finally, to capture the major he'd always wanted.
The disc cut through the wind and rain. For a moment, it looked like his disc would land close enough for a makeable birdie, and Wysocki would climb the hill on 18 and wave his hand to the crowd like he does whenever he makes a great shot.
For a moment, it looked as if he might raise the trophy above his head, hug his family and pick up the $8,000 winner's check.
But then he heard the crowd gasp. The disc had bounced on the green and skidded into Winthrop Lake. The weather suddenly seemed a bit colder, a bit windier. His second tee shot also looked good until it wedged itself into the stack of hay bales that guard the island—another out of bounds.
The collapse—not quite the equivalent of Jean Van de Velde's triple-bogey demise at the 1999 British Open, but still heart-wrenching—ensured that Wysocki would finish second to Paul McBeth, who went on to win his fifth and final major of the year—the first accomplishment of its kind in the sport.
For many in the crowd, the moment was bittersweet. No one wants to see someone win at another's breakdown, especially for the hometown kid, but history was being made in Rock Hill.
“You really have to look at it from the historical significance of having Paul McBeth win the Grand Slam,” Poole says. “That has never happened in more than three decades of tournament disc golf. Who knows how long before it happens again? So, for the U.S. championship, for Winthrop University, for Rock Hill, for South Carolina—that's something that we have. That'll always be part of our history.”
Although frustrated and searching for answers, Wysocki took the long view as well.
“I had the lead for most of the round, and I'm going to take that into next year,” he says. “I've been right there for every major, and that's all I can do—just put myself in contention.”
Unexpected Discovery:
Gigantic Skeleton Found Under Odessos Fortress Wall In Bulgaria 19 March, 2015 Share this story: Follow us:
Follow @messagetoeagle MessageToEagle.com - Bulgarian archaeologists have discovered a gigantic man�s skeleton during rescue excavations of the ancient Greek and Roman city of Odessos in the downtown of the Black Sea city of Varna. The human skeleton has been found in a grave partly located under the fortress wall of Odessos, which is being excavated by archaeologists from the Varna Museum of Archaeology. The skeleton is dated back to the late 4th century or the early 5th century AD, according to Dr. Valeri Yotov leading the rescue excavations of Varna�s ancient city of Odessos.
Click on image to enlarge
Most of the upper body part of the skeleton found in Varna was lying under the newly discovered fortress wall of ancient Odessos. Photo: TV grab from Nova TV
A tall man�s skeleton buried in a construction ditch partly under the fortress wall of the ancient city of Odessos has been discovered in the downtown of Bulgaria�s Varna. Photo: TV grab from Nova TV
It has been found near the St. Nikolay Church, just 20 meters away from the site where a 5th century earthen jar was discovered in January 2015 by construction workers during water supply and sewer rehabilitation, an event that triggered the rescue excavations of the so-called Varna Largo, the passenger zone on the central Knyaz Boris I Boulevard,' according to source. Last week, the Varna archaeologists found a previously unknown part of the Odessos fortress wall as well as part of another earthen jar and a hand mill from the late Antiquity.
A hand mill from the late Antiquity, unearthed about 20 meters from St. Nikolay Church, where the gigantic skeleton was found.
A 5th century earthen jar, discovered in January 2015 almost in the same place.
�As we started to uncover the ancient fortress wall, we started asking ourselves a lot of questions, and, of course, we had to keep digging to reach the wall�s foundations. That�s how we stumbled upon the skeleton,� explains Yotov, as cited by Varna Utre.
The working hypothesis of the Varna archaeologists is that the skeleton belongs to a man who died during the construction of the fortress wall of ancient Odessos, and that his remains were laid in a pit originally dug up as a construction ditch for the wall foundations which was also �utilized� as a grave.
The man�s death might have been caused by a work-related accident or a different type of occurrence at the time the wall was being erected, according to Yotov.
MessageToEagle.com
Follow MessageToEagle.com for the latest news on Facebook and Twitter ! Recommend this article:
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
The American market for single-family homes continued to wobble, with prices declining again in November, nearly six years after they began to fall, a private report showed on Tuesday.
Single-family house prices in a group of 20 metropolitan areas tracked by the Standard & Poor's Case-Shiller composite index fell by close to 0.7 percent from October, and were down by 3.7 percent from November 2010, worse than the 3.4 percent annual decline seen in October.
Photo
Average home prices were back down to levels last seen in mid-2003, the index showed.
Housing has played a dominant role in the country's economic sluggishness, as homeowners have struggled with foreclosures or mortgage burdens that far exceed the values of their homes. Hundreds of thousands of construction workers and other real estate-related employees have been thrown out of work and are still struggling to cobble together incomes.
The 28-county metropolitan Atlanta region continued to stand out as the worst performer in the index, with home prices tumbling close to 12 percent from the previous November. In addition to Atlanta, home prices in Las Vegas, Seattle and Tampa all hit new lows in November.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Of the 20 cities traced by the index, home prices fell in 19 in November; only Phoenix had higher prices from the month before. On an annual basis, only Detroit and Washington experienced price rises.
Photo
“Despite continued low interest rates and better real G.D.P. growth in the fourth quarter, home prices continue to fall,” David Blitzer, chairman of the index committee at Standard & Poor's, said in a statement.
As previously reported by Lion's Roar, Larung Gar, the largest Tibetan Buddhist institute in the world, situated in southwestern China's Sichuan province, was recently threatened with demolitions by the Chinese government. Now, a date has been set.
Demolitions at Larung Gar Buddhist Academy will reportedly begin July 25th following China's demands to demolish 50 percent of residences at the monastery.
According to Radio Free Asia (RFA), monastic leaders at the Academy are requesting residents remain calm and avoid interfering or protesting the demolitions, for fear of repercussions from the Chinese government.
The planned demolitions aim to reduce the monastery's population, which is estimated at over 10,000 people, to a maximum of 5,000, displacing over half the monks and nuns currently living there.
An anonymous source told the RFA that the demolition crews will consist of Chinese soldiers and workers.
“It will begin with the nuns' dwellings, as nine of those areas have been marked for action,” the source said.
Speculations arose that China's demands stemmed from concerns for the monastery's growing population and subsequent fire risks, but the only direct reason provided has been that the community is in need of “ideological guidance.” According to Free Tibet, Larung Gar has previously been subjected to forced demolitions and evictions since it was founded in 1980.
A petition on change.org is still active and collecting signatures to stop the demolitions and evictions at Larung Gar.
In a post on his Twitter feed, Adam Levine, lead singer of pop rock band Maroon 5, commanded Fox News to stop playing its music on air, writing: "Dear Fox News, don't play our music on your evil f****** channel ever again. Thank you." From the post: Indeed, on the October 17 edition of Fox News' early morning show, Fox & Friends, Fox played an excerpt from the 2004 Maroon 5 hit "She Will Be Loved" from the band's album Songs About Jane. The song can be heard playing as co-host Steve Doocy teases a story about a cheerleader who fell into a swimming pool at the Pan Am Games in Mexico. As the song is playing, text on the top-left corner of the screen reads: " 'She Will Be Loved' Maroon 5." The show then went to commercial. Rolling Stone reported today that "[w]hen reached by Rolling Stone, Levine's representative declined to comment."
Levine has previously lashed out at Fox. In August, Out Magazine reported Levine's criticism of the top-rated Fox program American Idol for allegedly talking contestant Adam Lambert out of coming out publicly during the show's run:
"What's always pissed me off about Idol is wanting to mask that, for that to go unspoken. C'mon. You can't be publicly gay? At this point? On a singing competition? Give me a break. You can't hide basic components of these people's lives. The fact that The Voice didn't have any qualms about being completely open about it is a great thing."
Levine called Fox "immature" in a November 2009 tweet and the "most poisonous network on earth" in August 2010. In that latter tweet, he added: "I think I need a shower."
Fox isn't the only network Levine has lambasted on Twitter. Before MTV's Video Music Awards in August, he accused the channel of caring about music only "one day a year."
Jury selected in Zaevion Dobson murder trial Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Richard Williams, Christopher Bassett and Kipling Colbert (L to R) appeared in court on Friday. (Source: Knoxville Police Department) [ + - ] Video
Top Stories Judge denies change of venue for defendants in Zaevion Dobson trial
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) - A jury has been selected for three men going to trial Monday for the murder of Zaevion Dobson.
The jury consists of six women and six men, along with four alternates who are three men and one woman. Opening statements are set to begin on Tuesday.
It's been nearly two years since the Knoxville teen died shielding his friends from gunfire.
Richard Williams III, Kipling Colbert Jr. and Christopher Bassett are charged with first degree murder.
Dobson died on a Lonsdale porch as he tried to protect two girls.
In November, a judge ruled the trial would take place in Knoxville after the defense argued it would be impossible for the men to receive a fair trial.
The judge ruled that local and state coverage ruling the proceedings was no different than other high-profile coverage.
Richard B. Hoover: Fossils of cyanobacteria found in meteorites Journal of Cosmology
In what's sure to rekindle the debate over the question of life beyond Earth, a scientist at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center says he has fossil evidence of bacterial life inside of a rare class of meteorites .
Writing in the March edition of the Journal of Cosmology, Richard B. Hoover argues that an examination of a collection of 9 meteorites - called CI1 carbonaceous meteorites - contain "indigenous fossils" of bacterial life.
"The complex filaments found embedded in the CI1 carbonaceous meteorites represent the remains of indigenous microfossils of cyanobacteria," according to Hoover.
That matter-of-fact sentence also underscores the shout-out-loud implication that the detection of fossils of cyanobacteria in the CI1 meteorites raises the possibility of life on comets. And Hoover does not shy away from offering that very conclusion.
Skeptics will doubtless weigh in soon with questions. Still, Hoover's proposition may have stirred more controversy several years ago. More recently, though, some scientists have suggested that meteors and comets slamming into the Earth brought with them the very integuments of life, including water and a host of complex organic chemicals.
If he's right, Hoover may have evidence to support that theory. He argues that the complex filaments he found embedded in the meteors are micro-fossils of extraterrestrial life forms that existed on the meteorites a long time ago prior to the meteorites' entry into the Earth's atmosphere.
"This finding has direct implications to the distribution of life in the Cosmos and the possibility of microbial life on in liquid water regimes of cometary nuclei as the travel within the orbit of Mars and in icy moons with liquid water oceans such as Europa and Enceladus," he writes.
In an accompanying comment, Rudy Schild, the journal's editor-in-chief and a member of the Harvard-Smithsonian's Center for Astrophysics, announced that the publication has sent out a "general invitation" to more than 5000 scientists to review the paper.
"We believe the best way to advance science, is to promote debate and discussion," he wrote.
For the first time in its history, Denmark has charged a woman with terrorism. The morbid debut involves a 16-year-old Danish girl, who converted to Islam and intended to blow up a historic Jewish school.
© AFP 2018 / JOSEPH EID Pillaged Syrian Artefacts for Sale in Denmark
The girl was arrested in January 2016 for possessing explosives. Later it emerged that the explosive TATP (which is also known as acetone peroxide and was used in the November 2015 Paris attacks) was meant to be used in an attack against two schools in Denmark, Danish Radio reported.
Due to the delicate nature of the case and the amount of sensitive information, much of the data in the so-called "Kundby case" (named after the village where the girl was arrested) has been withheld from the public. The court hearings are being held behind "double-locked" doors.
Last Friday, the Copenhagen Public Prosecutor's Office announced that the 16-year-old girl has been charged with an attempted terror attack for her plans to bomb the private Jewish school Carolineskolen in Copenhagen together with her own school, Sydskolen in Fårevejle. The girl was reportedly far along with her preparations to make a bomb. She was also planning a test explosion, which constituted solid grounds for terrorism charges. The trial will begin in April, and the 16-year-old is facing a minimum four-year sentence.
"This case says something about what we are fighting against: that the disease of jihadism and extremism is something that can affect anyone," Conservatives spokesman and renowned critic of radical Islam Naser Khader, who recently made headlines after confessing a female relative had sworn allegiance to Daesh (ISIS/ISIL), told Danish Radio. "A girl of Viking background, who did not live in a ghetto area, has been recruited to carry out an act of terrorism. This is all very serious," he added.
In the same announcement issued by the Prosecutor's Office, a 25-year-old man who had previously been arrested in connection with the case was released without any charges filed against him, despite having reportedly fought alongside extremists in Syria and being previously described as a "friend" of the girl.
The girl, who was only 15 at the time of her arrest, was described as a recent convert to Islam. One of her neighbors told the Danish tabloid newspaper BT that she aspired to convert fellow Danes to her newly-found religion as well.
According to Danish TV channel TV2, the girl's profile on the social media indicated that she was a member of a Facebook group for Danish supporters of Hizb ut-Tahrir, which is a radical Islamist organization openly supporting the establishment of a hardline caliphate. Previously, Hizb ut-Tahrir, which has been the focal point of many controversies, was banned from using municipal premises.
Carolineskolen is a private Jewish school in Copenhagen, where in addition to the usual curriculum, students also receive instruction in Hebrew. The school was founded in 1802 and claims to be one of the oldest functioning Jewish schools in the world. Previously, the school has repeatedly been targeted by anti-Semites, who smashed windows and sprayed its walls with ethnic slurs.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Updated at 5:30 p.m. with comments from superintendent — After almost a decade without accreditation from the state of Missouri, the Riverview Gardens School District in north St. Louis County will be reclassified as provisionally accredited effective Jan. 4.
The state board of education voted Friday for the classification upgrade to take effect on the first day of Riverview Gardens' second semester on the recommendation of the Missouri Department of Education.
Riverview was last provisionally accredited in 2007.
Citing complex curriculum, a positive school climate and consistent leadership, assistant education commissioner Chris Neale said the department of education had concluded “despite any opinions to the contrary” Riverview Gardens “had significantly improved” and met state standards.
After approving Riverview's provisional accreditation, state board member Mike Jones of St. Louis said “there is a myth that you can't educate low-income children of color in public schools. And when I think about what Riverview Gardens has done, when I think about the Herculean effort of St. Louis Public Schools has made in the last few years, when I think about Maplewood and the extraordinary improvement of Jennings over the last four years , it makes a lie out of that myth.”
State board member Vic Lenz of St. Louis County echoed Neale and the head of Riverview Garden's SAB in saying Superintendent Scott Spurgeon was the key to turning the district around.
“You had a board that put a leader in place, and that leader knew what was going on, and that leader knows what's going on in every building,” Lenz said. “They're focused on what needed to be done, and everyone knew their job with that. And they made it happen.”
Spurgeon, meanwhile, gave credit to the “tenacity and perseverance” of Riverview Garden's students, parents and staff, as well as the district's partners and community.
“All of their hard work to stay focused through all the obstacles we have faced over the past three years and achieve our goal of regaining district accreditation has been more than amazing,” Spurgeon said in a statement. “We could have just thrown in the towel for any number of reasons, but that's not who we are. Every action reveals our character. I could not be more thankful to each person who has played a role in our great success. It has truly been a team effort.”
On the recommendation of the department of education, the state board tabled discussion of upgrading St. Louis Public Schools' classification until January.
Transfer plan
Noting that state education officials had received a number of letters from parents of students who had transferred out of Riverview into other school districts under the state law allowing transfers when districts are unaccredited, Neale said he understood why the parents asked for Riverview to remain unaccredited.
“I don't blame the parents who wish their students to be stable in their current environment,” Neale said, “But I'm very pleased to announce to you this morning that all 22 educational entities that are receiving the 436 students have agreed at a minimum to keep them through second semester. That is a tremendous accomplishment. It exceeds the boundaries of the law.”
Riverview Gardens earlier initiated arrangements for the districts receiving their transfer students to keep teaching them at a lower cost until they reached a natural stopping point.
Neale said most of the 22 districts agreed to keep the transfer students for up to three years.
“I think it's fair for the department to express its appreciation all around to those leaders on both sides of the line because they made tremendous and sometimes very courageous student-centered decisions,” Neale said. He added that he recommended Riverview receive its accreditation upgrade at the start of the second semester since all of the districts with Riverview transfer students had agreed to keep them through at least the end of the school year and Riverview had agreed to continue paying for transportation to Kirkwood and Mehlville through June.
Riverview Gardens School District spokesperson Melanie Powell-Robinson told St. Louis Public Radio that Kirkwood and Mehlville have both fully agreed to Riverview's plan, and will continue to teach the transfer students enrolled in their schools until most reach a natural transition; up to three or four years.
As the districts where Riverview provided transportation, Kirkwood and Mehlville received many of the district's transfer students. Powell-Robinson said Ferguson-Florissant, which also teaches many Riverview transfer students, has agreed to accept all of the students through the end of the school year and allow high school juniors to graduate from Ferguson-Florissant next year.
Follow Camille on Twitter: @cmpcamille.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 13, 2017, 3:53 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 13, 2017, 6:13 PM GMT By Dartunorro Clark
President Donald Trump has tapped Alex Azar, a former pharmaceutical industry executive and official in the George W. Bush administration, to be the next health and human services secretary, the president announced in a tweet on Monday.
Azar, 50, was the president of Lilly USA, the biggest affiliate of the pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly and Co., before stepping down in January.
"He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!" the president said of Azar Monday.
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 13, 2017
Azar, if confirmed, would replace Tom Price, who resigned in September following public outcry over his use of private jets to conduct government business, costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
As a veteran of the department he hopes to lead, Azar would oversee the regulation of the industry he helped to lead for a decade and be the key point person in the administration's effort to overhaul Obamacare as well as the president's crusade to crack down on drug and insurance companies.
Azar once credited his time with HHS — serving first as the department's general counsel from 2001 to 2005, then deputy secretary until joining Eli Lilly in 2007 — as helping him discover his passion.
"I realized I had found my life's calling: to help people around the world live longer, healthier, and happier lives," he told Yale Law School, his alma mater, in an un-dated profile.
For the first two years at Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly, Azar was a senior vice president in charge of the company's global communications and government affairs, before becoming president of Lilly USA in 2012. After leaving Eli Lilly, he started a pharmaceutical consulting firm called Seraphim Strategies.
Azar has been a harsh critic of Obamacare, saying it was "circling the drain" in an appearance on Fox Business this past May.
“Obamacare plans are following the laws of economics," he said on the network. "If you're running an insurance company, you have to be able to make money. To make money, you have to be able to predict risk. The Obamacare system has made it impossible to predict risk.”
Azar has also advocated turning Medicaid into a block grant program for the states as well as overhauling Obamacare's Medicaid expansion component by letting the private sector run it.
“I'm not one to say many good things about Obamacare, but one of the nice things in it is it does give a tremendous amount of authority to the secretary of HHS,” Azar told Bloomberg TV in June. “There are still changes that can be made to make it work a little better than it has been.”
Azar, who supported Jeb Bush during the 2016 presidential campaign, donated $2,700 to the Trump Victory Fund, which coordinates with the Republican National Committee and state parties, after Trump became the nominee in 2016.
If confirmed, the former pharmaceutical executive could also be tasked with cracking down on the drug industry, which Trump has repeatedly promised to take on over rising costs.
"The drug companies, frankly, are getting away with murder," Trump said in a Cabinet meeting this year.
Azar has blamed insurers for high prices, telling an audience at an industry conference in May, “When the patient is going into the pharmacy, they're getting the sticker, they're getting the list price."
“We have a problem,” he added. “Patients are paying too much for drugs."
Ben Wakana, the executive director of the advocacy group Patients For Affordable Drugs, said in a statement the group is concerned that Trump selected a drug industry insider to lead the department.
“To have a former drug company executive nominated as HHS Secretary adds to our concern that this administration may continue to disappoint through its lack of action on skyrocketing drug prices," Wakana said. “But actions speak louder than words. Mr. Azar is well-qualified and has the chance to stand up for patients because he knows exactly how our drug pricing system is broken. If he wants to take meaningful action to lower drug prices, we want to help him.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisc., praised Trump's pick, calling Azar "an experienced and highly capable leader who knows what it takes to tackle big challenges in health care," in a tweet on Monday.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said Azar's confirmation would be a referendum on Obamacare and "the Trump administration's repeated efforts to sabotage our health care system and raise premiums on millions of Americans."
"It's time to turn over a new leaf at HHS," Schumer said in a statement. "The next Secretary must demonstrate a commitment to lowering premiums, and not sabotaging the Affordable Care Act and our health care system with reckless actions that hurt families."
By Jim Motavalli · October 24, 2013
In unity there is strength. That's the idea behind a new eight-state coalition that is aiming to put 3.3 million zero emission cars on the road by 2025. The group, which announced its plans on Thursday, includes plug-in hybrids (which aren't strictly zero emission) in its head count.
The eight states signing the cooperative agreement are California, Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont. If you guessed they are all states that follow California's emissions rules, you'd be right.
The Action Plan
According to Stanley Young, a spokesman for the powerful California Air Resources (CARB), “Eight California emission states are standing up and putting forward an action plan that will make it easier to own and operate electric cars. They're making a decided effort to make it work, and paving the way for the successful introduction of zero emission vehicles.”
The governors (whose states represent 23 percent of the U.S. auto market, and host 6,700 public EV chargers between them) said they would:
Work on building codes to make it easier to get electric vehicle chargers installed;
Put EVs in their public fleets;
Arrange for financial incentives “where appropriate.”
That's good because some of these states, including Massachusetts and Connecticut, do not yet provide impressive EV subsidies. Massachusetts has only programs for municipal fleets, and Connecticut provides no tax benefits for consumer buyers (though charging stations are incentivized). And both these states have virtual Democratic monopolies—they don't have President Obama's problems in getting legislation passed.
Land of Steady Habits
Connecticut State Senator Bob Duffy points out that tax breaks aren't popular in his state—the only existing one benefits families with kids in college. And rebates appear to be a non-starter politically. “The feeling was we had to get our own financial house in order before we could do something like that,” Duffy said. New York has powerful programs for electric trucks, and $2 million for EVs—but they're still accepting proposals as to how to spend the money.
One of the better programs (outside of California, which just refunded its $2,500 EV rebate) is in Maryland, which has both EV and charger tax credits. They cover up to 20 percent of the cost of an EVSE and up to $1,000 per EV. Oregon also likes chargers, with rebates that cover 25 percent of the cost of a home unit (up to $750) and 35 percent of the cost of a business charger.
Three Cheers for ZEVs
Mark Cooper of the Consumer Federation of America, a big EV booster, likes the new coalition. "U.S. automakers failed to ride the wave of the ‘hybrid revolution' in the 1990s, and that failure proved to be a costly one," he said. “U.S. automakers need to be at the leading edge of technological innovation to succeed in the increasingly competitive global auto industry...The ZEV program will give U.S. automakers a leg up in their most important market.”
Coincidentally, the eight-state consortium was announced around the same time as the release of a Union of Concerned Scientists "backgrounder" that aims to combat ignorance about EVs. It points out that sales of plug ins are up significantly over last year, and that 59,000 were sold by the end of August in the U.S.—surpassing sales for all of 2012. And in California, sales are double last year's rate, and represent 29 percent of all plug-in sales. Go California, which is leading the new coalition by example.
The ingredients have always been there: the self-satisfied chortling, the suit jacket and jeans, the awkward exchanges with other humans. But now, Stein has gone full Partridge – and it's given us some of the funniest TV of the year
In Rick Stein's latest culinary adventure he embarks on a series of long weekends in locations his website describes as “a quick hop, skip and a jump from just about anywhere in the UK.” We've already joined his gustatory romps in Berlin, Reykjavik, Vienna, Bordeaux and Bologna and, this autumn, Stein takes us to Lisbon, Copenhagen, Cadiz, Thessaloniki and Palermo.
Something has happened with this series, Rick Stein's Long Weekends. Something quite special. Stein, forever on the edge of his salmon gingham Blue Harbour shirt collar of going full Alan Partridge, has gone full Alan Partridge.
The ingredients have always been there: the crossness at things he can't quite grasp (hotel door keys, furniture, pens), the self-satisfied chortling, the suit jackets and jeans, the shoulder bags, the grumpiness about us small-minded people back home with our lazy palates, the talking-just-a-little-too-long-ness, the pained exchanges with waiting staff. Now, the dish has been served piping hot. Meet Rick 2.0: the original nomad.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest So pleased with himself … Stein bumps into the Tuna Feminina all-girls band in Lisbon. Photograph: BBC/Denhams/Arezoo Farahzad
We can make the case with Stein's Long Weekend in Copenhagen alone – so far not just the highlight of the series for this fan, but the funniest hour of television broadcast in 2016.
“Hey Rick, where are we going this weekend?” A gimcrack Sinatra/Bublé singer croons over a BBC-budget big band studio track. “Wonderful, wonderful Copenhagen, salty queen of the sea,” he giggles. The pleasure is ours. But is it his? Within minutes of arriving at his hotel, Stein is moaning about the coffee – “from a machine” – and the weather. Even getting a nice bike to ride – something he's not done in “ABOUT FIFTY YEARS” – comes with a side order of ranting.
There's a decent drinking game to be invented in having a shot every time Stein moans about people “back home”, and you'd be well on your way with his soliloquy about Brits' “ridiculous clothes” (chug – imagine being sat next to him on a plane), “all that lycra” (chug – imagine him at your dinner party) and how things are just so much better in Copenhagen because people “wear what they need to wear to work!” (Chug.)
Alan Partridge on Noel Edmonds – ‘He is a total wazzock and I cannot stand him' Read more
Cheerier, he cycles along the river, waxing lyrical about what an “extremely cool place” Copenhagen is, how it's “stuffed with good, agreeable people,” as if they've “come from the nice people department of casting!” He grins; he's pleased with that one. At this point, at several points, you wonder if the production team know what they're doing.
A-far-too-long shot of Stein wobbling across a bridge on his bike while some jaunty orchestral music plays is too good to be true. Throughout, the camera lingers on him just a tad too long. In those precious extra seconds, his cheeks flush gurnard red; the chortling turns into awkward looking about. You want to reach through the screen, put a hand on his blazer shoulder and say, “Come on, Rick. Let's go.”
Of course, there is disappointment round the corner. He sits outside the handsome warehouse building that houses noma, chef Rene Redzepi's palace of New Nordic cuisine and, for many years, crowned the best restaurant in the world. Stein is very much not inside. “If you're wondering why I'm sat out here,” he squints into the camera, stonewash denim straining at the kneecap, “it's because SOMEBODY forgot to make me a reservation and I CAN'T GET IN.” He chucks some weeds he's been picking on the ground in front of him because that is flipping that.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘No noma for me? That is flipping that' … Stein with Rasmus Kofoed at his backup restaurant, the three Michelin-starred Geranium. Photograph: BBC/Denhams/Martin Willcocks
Instead of noma, Stein eats at Geranium, chef Rasmus Kofoed's three Michelin-starred restaurant, which serves imaginative food of a similar ilk. Stein enthusiastically eats the hand-painted, edible razor clam “shells” filled with razor clam tartare, then speaks of reaching “a state of despair” at chefs using tweezers because “I could never do any of it!”
But the stand-out scene in Copenhagen is when Stein meets the actor Sofie Gråbøl. The way he introduces her is so Partridge that Rob and Neil Gibbons must, surely, have had a hand in the script. “It was she who played the part of Sarah Lund in that fantastic series The Killing,” he revs up. “She wore the same jumper for weeks on end!” Crunching into second gear now. “She never wore makeup!” Third gear. “She put her work before ANYTHING!”
The elegant and articulate Gråbøl, answering questions about Denmark she has answered a thousand times before, talks about how all young Danes are taught to be uncompromisingly modest from an early age. Good job, because Stein then refers to her famous character as “Sally Lund.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘She wore the same jumper for weeks on end!' … Stein meets Sofie Gråbøl. Photograph: BBC/Denhams/Martin Willcocks
Later, dining at a fish restaurant, he is absolutely buzzing because he's getting what he hints is finally a proper plate of food. Presented with a simple dish of cod and some kind of white sauce, he is catatonic. “It suits me perfectly,” the volume goes up, “because I've got a LOVELY FILLET OF FISH.” He is actually shouting. It's magical. He needs this moment of pleasure, too, because later on some tyrant will decide to set off some fireworks. “Someone decided to have a party,” Stein sighs. He wants to go to bed. “How inconvenient.”
The Lisbon episode is a ride, too. Right off the blocks he's struggling. “How often does this happen to me?” he laments, fussing with a stubborn hotel room key. “Please don't tell me I have to go downstairs.” Some tasty pastel de natas are on the horizon, though. But it's in the bakery serving them that you wonder, again, what the production team are up to, when they cut away to a nice-looking woman eating her breakfast as Stein says the words “gooey little tart.”
At a crew lunch, someone asks him what makes a Rick Stein weekend. His interest is piqued; the mood takes a sharp Mid Morning Matters turn. “Alright,” replies Stein. He's drinking. Running through a list of musts like a nice hotel and good location, he builds to his crescendo, the weightiest of all the Stein commandments: “mooching”. “I like to be able to mooch,” he says. “I just like walking around on my own, okay?” Next, we see him watching a group of women playing guitars in the street. He is so pleased with himself. “That was some good mooching, that.” Later, he compares himself to Lord Byron.
The Lisbon climax, and indeed a piece of observational filming to rival anything in Planet Earth II, is the scene where Stein attempts to navigate the hotel buffet breakfast. “It's a voyage of discovery,” he says, peering into pots full of little sausages. He gets very cross with some packets of butter. He uses a fork to stir his coffee (“I give up on them,” he says to the teaspoons). He is Partridge impaling his foot on a spike.
Where do we go from here? Stein is in the ancient Andalusian port city of Cadiz tonight. Of course he'll lose the plot over the freshness of some fish in a taverna on a winding street. Of course he'll go on about the garlic. But what calamity awaits our dear señor? What will gently blow his gasket? I, for one, am worried about a tussle he had with some almadraba tuna in 1983. Because Rick Stein doesn't forget.
• Rick Stein's Long Weekends continues tonight at 9pm on BBC2.
Discount - Free
Lectures - 23
Length - 7.5 hours
- Skill Level - Beginner Level
- Languages - English
- Published - 1/2017
SQL - Structured Query language is used to communicate with DataBase , it is the standard language for relational database management systems.
What Will I Learn?
answer most of the basic interview questions related to SQL and Database work with Microsoft SQL Server Database understand SQL and Database concepts define Data and Database difference between DDL and DML commands write SQL Queries to retrieve and maintain data use Joins to combine related data from multiple tables create database objects Tables, Views, Functions, Stored Procedures, Triggers and Constraints create indexes to improve performance of sql query get ready to learn advanced SQL and Database concepts use Where clause, Group By clause and Order By clause to filter and sort data
Note: If the coupon doesn't work for you, please let us know and we will update it for the rest of the users as Expired!
A few months ago, an intriguing Union Bank hoarding went up in different parts of the country. It featured Ajit Tendulkar, Sachin Tendulkar's famously reclusive older brother, now reminiscent of Moses. Ajit wore abundant, defiantly grey hair and a luxuriant beard. He smiled not more than Mona Lisa. He was dressed in a crimson FabIndia-type shirt and beige pants. Accompanying the image was the line: ‘When Sachin Tendulkar dreamt of becoming the best batsman in the world, so did Ajit Tendulkar.' At the bottom of the hoarding was the campaign's main slogan: ‘Your dreams are not yours alone.'
Ajit Tendulkar in a commercial? That doesn't happen every day. Hold on, that doesn't happen ever. Ajit avoids attention. He should have been called Ajit Salingerkar. Mindful of this, two of his friends declined to be interviewed for this article. In life, Ajit did what he had to do—spotted gold in baby brother, showed baby brother the way—and then stayed behind the scenes. He retreated to his world of music (rock and roll, retro Hindi), cricket (mostly on TV, without commentary, and no newspapers please), friends, several cups of tea, elegant clothes and fitness (according to a production person on the Union Bank shoot, he was into martial arts). Public appearances were kept to a minimum. In 2006, when Sachin was felicitated by the Marathi Patrakar Sangh at the Yashwant- rao Chavan auditorium in Mumbai, Ajit didn't want to go on stage even to collect a bouquet of flowers. It was only when the host requested him that he surrendered the safety of his seat in the dark and endured the bright stage lights for a few moments. Ajit's hermetic appearance—he's almost always had a beard and long hair—added to his mystery.
Hemant Kenkre, a club cricket contemporary of Ajit's and known to both brothers, says, “I don't know about shy, but he was always quiet. I remember him from the time he played for Jolly Cricketers in the Kanga League ‘A' Division and for Ruia College in the inter-collegiate tournament. As a batsman, he was a copybook player. Good enough to play in the ‘A' Division in an era when greats like Gavaskar and Vengsarkar played the Kanga League. Now we meet once or twice a year for a drink or meal. When he's with us, he opens up. We avoid talking about Sachin. We talk about our times instead.”
Now, by appearing in a commercial, Ajit had finally revealed a bit of himself to the outside world too, a world which for years had been curious about him. He had made a great discovery in Sachin and then gone away. Unlike, say, Steve Jobs, he hadn't worn a black turtleneck and held up a young Sachin before the world. Through this ad campaign, we at last saw a little more of him. To add to the random bits and pieces we had seen of him during work or just by coincidence. Like once in 1992, when Sachin was in Australia playing his first World Cup, and Ajit, in a Maruti 800, was talking to friends in Sahitya Sahawas, the stereo playing Bryan Adams. Or being taken by a colleague to meet Ajit in his office at Mumbai's Air-India building to request an interview with Sachin. Or spotting Ajit driving down Mumbai's Mahim Causeway in a limited edition, canary yellow Fiat Palio, bearing the signature of his brother. Or Ajit, after great persuasion by an influential magazine proprietor, agreeing to a telephone interview and responding with even-toned sarcasm to an almost bold question about Sachin's batting. “I have not seen anything lacking in Sachin's batting of late. But if you have, then maybe….” Not exactly these words, but something along these lines.
For Union Bank and Mudra, the agency which shot the ads, landing Ajit was a casting coup. He was one of four close relations of achievers to feature in the campaign—the others being Aruna Anand (chess champ Vishy Anand's wife), Kareema Rahman (musician AR Rahman's mother) and Manoj Singh (boxer Vijender Singh's brother).
Aman Mannan, senior creative Director, Mudra, says, “Ajit liked the script and the idea of family values. In India, even if we live in nuclear families now, everyone is there for the other person. There's a reason why Rahman goes to the Oscars and says ‘Mere paas Ma hai'. Whatever people have achieved has to do with people around them. Hence the slogan: ‘Your dreams are not yours alone'.”
We were sitting in a glass cabin in the agency's office opposite the Grand Hyatt hotel in Mumbai. Mudra House is a typical contemporary office building, a huge glass structure in the middle of a mostly arid expanse. Mannan, whose droopy eyes lend him a slight resemblance with Ranbir Kapoor, sat in a chair. To his right, in another chair, was Ashish Phatak, also a senior creative director. Wedged between the two, slouched on a low bean bag, was Naresh Parmar, group director, brand communications. Now and then they acknowledged someone passing by the glass cabin. Once they asked a cafeteria staffer to get “water, on the rocks.”
Parmar said the mission of getting Ajit on board began with an approach to Sachin during the England series last year. The themes of Indianness and family responsibility were bound to find approval with the conscientious Tendul- kars. First hurdle crossed, Mannan and Phatak spent time with Ajit to break the ice. They met at MIG Club in Bandra, a sixer away from Sahitya Sahawas colony, where Sachin grew up and Ajit still lives.
“He has lots of tea,” says Mannan. “He has the [same] twitch like Sachin (jerks his shoulders), he has similar eyes. He doesn't read newspapers. Likes listening to Pink Floyd. He has his own way of following cricket. Watch matches with the commentary turned off. Doesn't go to the ground much. One of the few times he did was when their father wanted to watch a match at Wankhede (during the 1992-93 series against England).”
Phatak says, “Ajit spoke to us about the early days, the effort Sachin invested.” Mannan says Ajit derived satisfaction from the way Sachin's success led to the improved health of Indian cricket in general.
From the standpoint of the commercial, Ajit's heavy beard may have compromised his recognisability. But the agency did not want to tamper with it. Phatak says, “He likes his beard and was worried he'd have to trim it for the ad. But we were fine with it.” Mannan says, “That's who he is. And [the look] is cool. He's like a fit rock star of about 50, or a retired tennis player. He could very well be Bjorn Borg.”
Meanwhile, in England, India were being reduced to train wrecks. But Mannan's joke about India's batting was greeted with silence. “He may have found it funny, but he didn't say anything. Because it could have been misconstrued.”
The print advertisement was shot in a studio, the film in an old bungalow in Vile Parle East, a predominantly Maharashtrian locality. “We wanted something quaint [for the interiors],” says Mannan. “We wanted it to be a representation of the world Ajit comes from—books, wood [furniture], chai, and since it's Bombay, we wanted rain.” Ajit is shown making tea (no milk), standing in a balcony and stretching his left hand out into the downpour. He reads from Pavsaala (Monsoon), brother Nitin's book of poems inspired by rain. Later he sits down before a computer, scans newspaper clips of Sachin's exploits, and jabs at the keyboard. ‘1971 was a remarkable year for Indian cricket,' he types. And leaning back into the chair, smiles at the camera, a solitary man at last returning the gaze of the masses.
Regenerate (v. ri-jen-uh-reyt) - 1 bring or come into renewed existence. 2 impart new, more vigorous, and spiritually greater life to (a person or institution etc.). 3 reform oneself. 4 invest with a new and higher spiritual nature.
REGENERATION is a 2-day event at which everyone will be a participant. A festival unlike any other, it will integrate live and interactive arts, live music, expanded cinema & multi-media experiences with academic talks and discussions, all with the intent of exploring altered states of consciousness and their influence on the arts. Participants are encouraged to attend both days, establish a sense of community and 'regenerate'.
Regeneration will combine the fun of creative play with awe-inspiring immersive environments and thoughtful academic discussion. The event attempts to address the problems of our troubled times by asking, 'is the solution to our problems inside of us? Can alter states of consciousness, however they are achieved, offer insight and a sense of renewal, both for the individual and for society at large?' more...
In Citizen Kane, the newspaper tycoon protagonist evaluates the worth of his enterprise, wearily telling an interrogator, “It's no trick to make a lot of money. If all you want to do is make a lot of money.”
It's been a long time since we've seen a public figure examine the real worth of his enterprise in more than strictly financial terms, and challenge the notion that success via wealth was self-explanatory and an end in itself. Elon Musk captures the zeitgesit; he's the first superstar CEO of the post “Occupy Wall Street” era.
It would be understating the case to say that he has made a lot of money. Forbes estimates Elon Musk's net worth at $6.7-billion. The South Africa-born American is the CEO of three companies that would be attracting attention even if each company was helmed by a different person. That he alone is leading all three (Tesla, Solar City, SpaceX) and also proposing a new form of ultra-high speed travel referred to only as the “Hyperloop” puts him into a new category of CEO. CEOs are referred to as visionaries so often, the word has almost become as degraded as “awesome”. So it's to be expected that when the real deal comes along, maximum skepticism follows, otherwise known as haters.
Musk's companies experienced a near-failure in 2008-2009, accompanied by a public divorce and various lawsuits directed at him by disgruntled former colleagues and employees. So the dynamic of many articles about Musk tend to mention his mating habits as well as his accomplishments and ambitions. However, even the most negative articles that present a laundry list of petty annoyances typically finish, “What America needs right now are visionaries, and this guy is a visionary.” So the question is, can the vision be borne out in reality? Especially since so many of Musk's goals border on science fiction for many people?
The only possible knock against Elon Musk would be if he truly had more money than brains. But he appears to have ample reserves of both.
The narrative around Musk runs that he made a stupendous amount of money from the sale of PayPal (he is one of the famed “PayPal mafia”) and then used that money to found a rocket company with the eventual aim of making humanity “a spacefaring civilization”. This would quite rightly set off most people's flake alert. Except that Musk is no flake. The only possible knock against him would be if he truly had more money than brains. But he appears to have ample reserves of both.
After selling his first company, Zip2, to Compaq for $307 million in cash and $34 million in stock options in 1999, he faced the option of cashing out at an early age and enjoying his money. But the mere fact of slightly disrupting classified ads with the success of Zip2 didn't go far enough for someone who saw the transformative possibilities of “the internet, sustainable energy and expanding life beyond Earth”, and that he might personally be in a position to affect the outcomes of all three.
Developing and selling PayPal to eBay for $1.5 billion in 2002 would seem as great an exit as one could reasonably hope for. But Musk immediately began pondering another magnitude of exit: to Mars.
Before coming back relatively spectacularly in 2013, Musk's ventures experienced some extremely bad publicity and barely avoided spectacular failure. In his Ted interview, Musk says about SpaceX, “It was a close call. Things almost didn't work out. We came close to failure. But we managed to get past that point in 2008.” Things looked very dark until the moment of Tesla's IPO in 2009.
At the lowest moment of Musk's fortunes at that time, though, the spectacle of the somehow still employable Jim Cramer screaming about Tesla's IPO on his infotainment TV show “Mad Money”, “You don't want to own this stock! You don't want to own this car! Heck, you don't even want to rent the thing!” should have been enough to persuade anyone that Musk was bound to succeed, and succeed massively.
After achieving a 99/100 score from Consumer Reports for the Tesla Model S, Musk pointed out at Tesla's most recent shareholder meeting that not only was Tesla the best selling electric car in the United States in Q1 2013, but sales were more than all other electric cars combined. Part of that total revenue has to do with the Model S' high cost. Musk intends to bring a lower-cost car to market to capitalize on the success of the Model S. Also, the Model S will become available in Europe in Q3 and Asia at the end of the year.
Journalists aren't the only professionals whose feathers Musk has ruffled. The National Auto Dealers Association (NADA) has also voiced opposition to Tesla's plans for direct sales to consumers, thereby cutting them out of the process. Musk points to studies that indicate that consumers want the opportunity to buy directly, and also to the viral marketing model Tesla currently relies upon, in which Tesla's best salespeople tend to be Tesla owners.
A shocking thing happens at approximately the 52-minute mark of Tesla's shareholder meeting video. The seemingly unflappable, permanently in-control Musk begins to cry in response to a shareholder's question regarding opposition from NADA.
Musk stakes out the parameters of a future battle, pointing out that NADA, which is very influential at the state level, makes most of its profit on automobile service. “Our philosophy with service is not to make a profit on service. I think it's terrible to make a profit on service.” Choking back tears, Musk portrays NADA's recent crowing over its victory against the sale of Tesla in freedom-loving Texas as “perverting democracy”. “I think they're making a big mistake,” he says, recovering from his tearful episode, before taking the next audience question.
What also drives up the cost of the Tesla is that the fuelling stations and the development of so-called superchargers are being built in to the current purchase price of the car. This is a cost that most auto manufacturers don't have to consider. It would be like GM paying to construct its own gas stations. But the development of the supercharger infrastructure is key to the future success of the Tesla when the next more affordable iteration of the car becomes available.
No doubt, when gas stations and their various associations and lobby groups realize that an affordable Tesla and other brands of electric cars will be able to plug in to Tesla's supercharger grid, they will also fight.
On the supercharger network and other manufacturers' possible usage, Musk is refreshingly open. “We always want it to be the case that the supercharger is free once you've bought the car. So we don't want to have this kind of pay every time you arrive thing. I think it's just so much easier for you to just build it into the cost and you arrive and you just never have to deal with anything. So as long as other manufacturers are willing to take that same approach, at Tesla we're more than happy to share the network. I've seen some articles like, ‘Is it Tesla's intention to create a walled garden or something like that?' And that is not at all the case. This is not some nefarious marketing ploy. It is simply that we need to have high-speed charging in order to have convenient long-distance travel. And if we were to wait around for everyone to agree on the right approach, it would never happen. So we have to just go out there and do it, and then other manufacturers can join us, or they can copy us, or they can maybe think of something better.” He shrugs, as if to suggest that whether other auto manufacturers do or don't go along with his plan makes no difference to him, and takes the next question.
Asked about promoting the Tesla brand, Musk responds with what has become his typical anti-CEO candor. “You know, I'm not actually the hugest believer in brand, or in marketing for that matter. Like, there was some recent article about how I'm such a great marketer. And I say the stupidest things. That can't possibly be true. I think the real way that brand happens is if you make good products.”
Last week, Musk quashed speculation via Twitter that SpaceX would be pursuing an IPO any time soon: “Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next 3 months. Result would be conflicting priorities.”
Asked about what makes him tick, Musk has responded, “To get through life, most people are reasoning by analogy, which is basically copying what other people do, but with slight variations. And you have to do that, otherwise you wouldn't be able to get through the day. But when you want to do something new, you have to apply the physics approach.”
It should strike anyone employing off-the-shelf critical faculties that the actual solutions to humanity's problems (global warming to name but one) are going to involve the acceptance of responsibility, to step out in front of the pack and think beyond the next election or news cycle. Various people, such as industry lobby groups and perhaps even government, will stand in the way of such people. Elon Musk appears to be one of very few willing to accept that challenge who has the means to affect outcomes. You would have to be beholden to one of the self-interested stakeholder groups that oppose him to wish him failure.
Compare the stakes of the failure or success of Musk's enterprise to, say, Sean Parker's recent and truly frivolous Game of Thrones-themed wedding. We've set the bar pretty low for visionaries. Elon Musk may not be Galileo, or Da Vinci, or Nikola Tesla, for that matter. But I'd bet you a fully-loaded Model S that those men would be met with exactly the same callow skepticism that Musk is now receiving if they were alive and in America today.
___________
(Vita Columbae Bk 2 Ch. 43)
Over 1400 years ago St. Columba (521-597) met with Brude, the King of the Picts, and also the chief ruler of the Orkney islands. In that meeting, recorded for us by Saint Adomnán of Iona (627 – 704),St. Columba said to King Brude: "Some of our brethren have lately set sail, and are anxious to discover a desert in the pathless sea; should they happen, after many wanderings, to come to the Orkney islands, do thou carefully instruct this chief, whose hostages are in thy hand, that no evil befall them within his dominions." The saint took care to give this direction, because he knew that after a few months St. Cormac would arrive in Orkney. So it afterwards came to pass, and to this advice of the holy man, Cormac owed his escape from impending death. These early monks — Papari — gave their name (From Latin, Papa via Old Irish, Papar - Fathers) to the islands where they set up their monastic settlements, their "deserts in the pathless sea". Their islands were called Papey, there were three such Papey islands in Orkney although through the centuries we now know of only two: one called Papey meiri ( or big Papey, -big Priests' Island- today known as Papa Westray) and one called Papey minni (or little Papey, — little Priests' Island — known now as Papa Stronsay). For more than 1400 years this island of Papa Stronsay has been set apart from the other Orkney islands as a holy island.
It is recorded in the Orkneyinga saga (Ch. 18) that there were still monks living here 955 years ago when, in 1045, the Viking Earl Rognvald came to Papey minni to collect malt for his Christmas ale. The monks apparently produced malt from barley and to this day the island's small peninsular is called Corn Graand. The Earl in his viking barge, replete with shields covering its bulwarks, and a host of oarsmen did not return home alive. They were warmng themselves in the monastery when the house was surrounded by Rognvald's rival, Earl Thorfinn whose men quickly set fire to the building. They let the religious escape but slaughtered Earl Rognvald and his men.
In 1999 after an unknown break that could have been as long or longer than 700 years, the wilderness rejoiced as the little Priests' Island of Papa Stronsay became inhabited again by priests and monks, the Sons of the Most Holy Redeemer (Transalpine Redemptorists). After many centuries the holy Mass is offered again on this island in the same Latin language as by the Irish monks who lived here over a thousand years ago, and as the Viking priests living here at the time of the Orkneinga Saga. It is true that if they appeared here we could neither speak to them in Old Norse nor in a Celtic tongue but the language and the actions of our Masses would be perfectly understood; so we could pray together as members of the same Mystical Body of Christ that knows a living unity that transcends the limits of time. It is a privilege to continue the Holy Mass here on the island that was the site of the most northerly early Christian monastery ever found.
From this holy desert, the Sons of the Most Holy Redeemer, leave their contemplative life and set out on voyages, from this island in the North Sea, like so many Irish or Viking monks, to preach the Eternal Truths in the form of Missions wherever they are invited; which means in any part of the world. They also spread devotion to Our Lady of Perpetual Succour and pray for the holy souls in Purgatory.
Fundamentally our message is this: Remember O Christian soul that time passes quickly and you too must soon die, be judged and enter into your eternity of heaven or hell. You have only one soul to save; that is your chief, nay your only work. For what does it profit you if, by your work, you gain the whole world which must soon end, and lose your immortal soul in an eternity of sufferings that will never end. What exchange can you give for your soul? There is none. At all cost then, save your soul. Lead the life of a good Catholic (for there are many bad Catholics who will lose their souls). Avoid sin and the dangerous occasions of sin, go frequestly to Confession and Holy Communion. To save your soul, to save your immortal soul: That is your only work. Do it with great love and care and invoke the assistance of Our Lady of Perpetual Succour to help you.
Columnist
More than 80 percent of Puerto Rico is still in the dark, more than a third of its residents still have no clean drinking water, much of the island's infrastructure still lies in ruins — and President Trump cruelly threatens to cut off federal aid. Doing so would be government by spite and should be considered an impeachable offense.
Puerto Rico, as any fifth-grader knows, is part of the America that Trump promises to make great again. But the mayor of San Juan had the temerity to criticize the Trump administration's response to the calamity of Hurricane Maria as slow and inadequate. For Trump, everything is always all about Trump. He desperately craves adulation.
The president complained Sunday on Twitter, "Nobody could have done what I've done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work!" Note the use of "I" instead of "we" or even "my administration." For the record, what Trump has done personally for the people of Puerto Rico is playfully toss rolls of paper towels into a crowd.
The administration has done much more, of course. But desperate people — still facing critical shortages of food and water three weeks after the storm — are demanding more action. This makes them "ingrates" in Trump's eyes.
Sadly, those are the kinds of words we've come to expect from this president. But on Thursday he went beyond his usual self-pitying, self-justifying blather to make an outrageous threat: "We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!"
That culminated a series of blame-the-victim tweets about how Puerto Ricans face "a financial crisis . . . largely of their own making" and how "electric and all infrastructure was [a] disaster before hurricanes." The need to solve the island's debt problem and update its infrastructure is worthy of serious discussion, but not while people are having to collect unpurified water in buckets from mountain springs — and not as some kind of justification for cutting off relief aid.
This may be the most un-American thing Trump has ever said or done. I am serious that if he actually withdraws emergency assistance while Puerto Rico is still in such condition, Congress should begin impeachment proceedings.
Presidents do not get to pick and choose which Americans to help at times of disaster. We are one country, and we do what we must help fellow citizens in need. We saw it during this long, terrible hurricane season, in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Texas, Florida — strangers helping strangers, regardless of race, income, political views. We are seeing it now as firefighters from around the country converge on Northern California to attack the deadly blazes that are still burning out of control.
It is wrong to describe Trump as any kind of nationalist if he fails to grasp the most fundamental of nationalistic precepts: We leave none of our own on the battlefield.
The responsibility of the federal government is to keep FEMA workers, military personnel and other first responders in Puerto Rico as long as necessary. It is important to do so because their presence will save lives. It is also important because doing anything else would violate the American compact. If Trump really were to turn his back on Puerto Rico, he would be guilty of a "high crime" and disqualified to continue in office.
I know that Trump delights in violating political norms and causing the commentariat to run around with its hair on fire. I know that he sometimes says provocative things on Twitter to distract from his administration's failures, to rally his base, to provoke his enemies or even just to blow off steam. I know that it's impossible to take any one tweet too seriously, because it may be directly contradicted by the next tweet.
But Trump actually went to Puerto Rico, and while he did not see the worst of the devastation, he saw more than enough. He knows that recovery is going to be a long, massive and largely thankless job. But that is the job he signed up for when he took the oath of office. Congress must not allow him to shirk his duty.
To divide the country with rhetoric, as Trump so often does, is one thing. But to actually abandon 3.4 million Americans in their hour of need not only would be an unprecedented and shameful act. It would also be grounds for removing an unfit man from the high office he dishonors.
Read more from Eugene Robinson's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook. You can also join him Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.
One day after he repeatedly lashed out at CNN, on Wednesday President Trump blasted the the NYT in particular, and the broader press in general, for reporting that he is "not totally engaged" on healthcare.
"Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare," Trump tweeted shortly before 7am. "Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S."
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017
Trump's angry outburst followed an earlier tweet in which the president specifically targeted The New York Times. "The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!"
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 28, 2017
Trump's fury appears to have been focused on a Times story published on Tuesday titled "On Senate Health Bill, Trump Falters in the Closer's Role," in which the Gray Lady said that the president was "largely on the sidelines" as the Senate leadership sought to attract votes for its healthcare bill. It added that the president's team's "heavy-handed tactics have been ineffective in the Senate."
As the Hill reports, a Republican senator who supports the Senate GOP's healthcare bill reportedly does not think President Trump has a clear understanding of the plan.
The New York Times reported that a senator left a White House meeting Tuesday with the feeling that the president didn't fully understand some basic parts of the plan, citing an aide who received a detailed readout of the exchange. The senator felt Trump "seemed especially confused" after a moderate Republican said those who were against the bill would say it appeared to be a "massive tax break for the wealthy," according to The Times. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) after the White House meeting ignored a question regarding Trump's command of the details of the negotiations and smiled blandly, the newspaper noted. Trump met with Republican senators just hours after GOP leaders decided on Tuesday to postpone a vote on its healthcare legislation. The huddle came as one GOP strategist with close ties to the White House told The Hill that Trump had not yet fully engaged with the effort to pass a bill in the upper chamber. Trump said Tuesday he had a "great meeting" with Republican senators, adding that they "really want to get it right."
Trump is likely to be particularly sensitive to healthcare criticism today, one day after the Senate GOP leaders delayed a vote to repeal and replace ObamaCare after it became clear the measure - again - lacked the votes for passage. On Tuesday afternoon, Trump met with Republican senators at the White House, just hours after the GOP leaders decided to postpone the vote on the healthcare legislation. It was not immediately clear if Trump had managed to change any holdouts' opinions on the vote.
[/caption]
Cosmic rays are really sub-atomic particles, being mainly protons (hydrogen nuclei) and occasionally helium or heavier atomic nuclei and very occasionally electrons. Cosmic ray particles are very energetic as a result of them having a substantial velocity and hence a substantial momentum.
The Oh-My-God particle detected over Utah in 1991 was probably a proton traveling at 0.999 (and add another 20 x 9s after that) of the speed of light and it allegedly carried the same kinetic energy as a baseball traveling at 90 kilometers an hour.
Its kinetic energy was estimated at 3 x 1020 electron volts (eV) and it would have had the collision energy of 7.5 x 1014 eV when it hit an atmospheric particle – since it can't give up all its kinetic energy in the collision. Fast moving debris carries some of it away and there's some heat loss too. In any case, this is still about 50 times the collision energy we expect the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) will be able to generate at full power. So, this gives you a sound basis to scoff at doomsayers who are still convinced that the LHC will destroy the Earth.
Now, most cosmic ray particles are low energy, up to 1010 eV – and arise locally from solar flares. Another more energetic class, up to 1015 eV, are thought originate from elsewhere in the galaxy. It's difficult to determine their exact source as the magnetic fields of the galaxy and the solar system alter their trajectories so that they end up having a uniform distribution in the sky – as though they come from everywhere.
But in reality, these galactic cosmic rays probably come from supernovae – quite possibly in a delayed release process as particles bounce back and forth in the persisting magnetic field of a supernova remnant, before being catapulted out into the wider galaxy.
And then there are extragalactic cosmic rays, which are of the Oh-My-God variety, with energy levels exceeding 1015 eV, even rarely exceeding 1020 eV – which are more formally titled ultra-high-energy cosmic rays. These particles travel very close to the speed of light and must have had a heck of kick to attain such speeds.
However, a perhaps over-exaggerated aura of mystery has traditionally surrounded the origin of extragalactic cosmic rays – as exemplified in the Oh-My-God title.
In reality, there are limits to just how far away an ultra-high-energy particle can originate from – since, if they don't collide with anything else, they will eventually come up against the Greisen–Zatsepin–Kuzmin (GZK) limit. This represents the likelihood of a fast moving particle eventually colliding with a cosmic microwave background photon, losing momentum energy and velocity in the process. It works out that extragalactic cosmic rays retaining energies of over 1019 eV cannot have originated from a source further than 163 million light years from Earth – a distance known as the GZK horizon.
Recent observations by the Pierre Auger Observatory have found a strong correlation between extragalactic cosmic rays patterns and the distribution of nearby galaxies with active galactic nuclei. Biermann and Souza have now come up with an evidence-based model for the origin of galactic and extragalactic cosmic rays – which has a number of testable predictions.
They propose that extragalactic cosmic rays are spun up in supermassive black hole accretion disks, which are the basis of active galactic nuclei. Furthermore, they estimate that nearly all extragalactic cosmic rays that reach Earth come from Centaurus A. So, no huge mystery – indeed a rich area for further research. Particles from an active supermassive black hole accretion disk in another galaxy are being delivered to our doorstep.
Further reading: Biermann and Souza On a common origin of galactic and extragalactic cosmic rays.
The Brewers announced that they've acquired shortstop Jonathan Villar from the Astros in exchange for minor league right-hander Cy Sneed. Villar will be reunited with former Astros assistant GM David Stearns, who is now the general manager in Milwaukee.
Villar, 24 (25 in May), provides the Brewers with some much-needed infield depth. Unlike fellow infielder Javier Betancourt, whom the club acquired in exchange for Francisco Rodriguez yesterday, Villar is capable of stepping directly onto the Brewers' big league roster, however. Despite his young age, the switch-hitter has spent parts of three seasons in the Majors with the Astros and was even Houston's Opening Day shortstop in 2014.
The Astros originally acquired Villar — along with Anthony Gose and J.A. Happ — from the Phillies in exchange for Roy Oswalt. Villar surfaced in the Majors in 2013 and batted .243/.321/.319 with a homer and 18 stolen bases in 58 games, which was enough to place him in the 2014 Opening Day lineup. He struggled that season, however, and his poor performance was likely a contributing factor in the Astros' decision to sign Jed Lowrie to a three-year pact last winter.
In spite of the Lowrie addition, Villar still saw some playing time in 2015 and enjoyed better production, batting .284/.339/.414. Most notably, he dramatically cut his formerly problematic strikeout rate in his return to the Majors. While his 22.7 percent whiff rate was still higher than you'd like to see from a player with Villar's lack of power, it was still a marked improvement from the 28.5 percent K-rate he displayed in 2013-14. He's also shown reasonable plate discipline in the Majors, walking at an 8.1 percent clip in 658 total trips to the plate (7.8 percent in 2015). Villar's greatest asset is his speed, as he's swiped 34 or more bags in each season dating back to 2010 (in some cases, between the Majors and minors combined).
While not a gifted defender at shortstop (career -6 DRS, -19 UZR in 1344 innings), he could play some second base in Milwaukee next season or take the reins at shortstop in the event of a Jean Segura trade. Of course, with top shortstop prospect Orlando Arcia nearing the Major Leagues, Villar might not be long for that position one way or the other. He's spent some time at second base, third base and in the outfield recently, so the Brewers may not the feel the need to commit to one single position for Villar at all, instead eyeing him as a fleet-footed super utility option. Villar is out of options, so he'll almost certainly be on the Major League roster to begin the 2016 season. Milwaukee can control him through the 2020 season, as he currently has one year, 113 days of Major League service time.
The 23-year-old Sneed spent this past season, his age-22 campaign, pitching for the Brewers' Class-A affiliates in the Midwest and Florida State Leagues. The 2014 third-rounder posted a combined 2.58 ERA with 7.9 K/9 against 1.8 BB/9 in 139 1/3 innings of work. MLB.com didn't rank Sneed among Milwaukee's Top 30 prospects, and J.J. Cooper of Baseball America tweets that Sneed is a “three-pitch right-haner who competes with fringe-average stuff.”
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
(Reuters) - For nearly three years, as Kyle Lagow struggled to find work and his finances crumbled, he kept a secret from nearly everyone he knew, including his wife: He was a whistleblower.
A customer stands at an ATM machine at a Bank of America office in Burbank, California August 19, 2011. REUTERS/Fred Prouser
Lagow had filed a suit against his former employer, subprime mortgage lender Countrywide Financial, alleging appraisal fraud. He couldn't discuss the case, filed under seal, until this year when he was awarded $14.5 million for his role in sparking a $1 billion settlement with Countrywide's current parent, Bank of America Corp (BAC.N).
“You have to sit there in silence, and you just get up every day and beat your head against the wall,” Lagow, 50, said in a recent interview.
The settlement has brought Lagow financial security and a measure of redemption. But it was a long, hard path. And even after his travails, he fears little has changed in the mortgage industry.
Lagow's suit, first filed in May 2009, was one of five whistleblower cases folded into the broader $25 billion mortgage settlement reached in February with Bank of America and four other lenders. The suits were brought under the U.S. False Claims Act, a Civil War-era law that targets those who swindle the government. Under the law, successful cases can earn whistleblowers between 15 and 25 percent of a settlement.
Lagow, who speaks with the drawl of his native Texas, ran his own appraisal company for 14 years before Countrywide offered him a job with more growth potential in 2004 at a unit called LandSafe Inc. Countrywide got into the business of valuing homes to earn additional fees during the mortgage lending process. Lagow's job was to hire and train new staff appraisers in multiple states.
Appraisers are supposed to offer independent analyses of home values to help a bank determine whether it makes sense to lend. If the home — the collateral for the mortgage — is estimated to be worth less than the buyer is willing to pay, the bank is foolish to make the loan.
What Lagow learned was that Countrywide wanted to make loans whatever the collateral was worth. LandSafe executives routinely pressed staff appraisers and independent appraisers to boost home values to ensure sales went through, according to a suit he filed in 2009.
Lagow also spotted trouble with a joint venture Countrywide had with homebuilder KB Home (KBH.N), according to his suit. The builder would only work with select appraisers, who were inflating home values to make sure sales went through, according to his suit. KB Home declined to comment.
INTERNAL INVESTIGATION FINDS NOTHING
Lagow did not set out to be a whistleblower. He started out trying to talk to Countrywide executives.
In January 2008, after supervisors had repeatedly ignored his warnings, Lagow sent an email to Countrywide Chief Executive Officer Angelo Mozilo, according to the complaint. Mozilo responded that someone from his staff would get in touch, and Lagow later talked with Countrywide's chief operations officer, Jack Schakett, and its chief compliance officer, Richard Wentz.
Two weeks later, Lagow received an email from Wentz stating that his complaints had been investigated and there were no issues that needed to be addressed, according to the complaint.
Schakett and Wentz did not respond to requests for comment.
David Siegel, an attorney for Mozilo, said his client was not involved in or aware of any of the alleged wrongdoing. “The complaint establishes that when first advised by Mr. Lagow of his allegations Mr. Mozilo responded promptly and appropriately, referring the matter for investigation.”
In January 2008, Bank of America agreed to buy Countrywide as it verged on collapse. That November, Lagow was fired. At the time, he was undergoing treatment for thyroid cancer; he has since recovered.
Bank of America declined to comment on Lagow's case. “We have a strategy to put Countrywide and other legacy issues behind us as quickly as we can,” bank spokesman Rick Simon said.
Lagow did not know he had a whistleblower case until the spring 2009 when he called the Seattle-based law firm of Hagens Berman, which had brought suits against KB Home on behalf of homeowners. False Claims cases are filed under seal so as not to impede government investigations. Because talking about the case could jeopardize the probe, his lawyers told him not to mention the litigation to anyone, even his wife.
That summer, he met with prosecutors in the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Eastern District of New York, who then subpoenaed Countrywide loan files.
Investigators not only found evidence of appraisal fraud, a government source said, but also rampant problems with the underwriting of Federal Housing Administration loans, which allow consumers to buy homes with low down payments. The case focused on loans made by Countrywide, not Bank of America.
STICKING YOUR HEAD UNDERWATER
As the litigation dragged on, Lagow suffered. He could only find spotty contract appraisal work. At a low point, the family's water, power and gas were shut off. A daughter who was a law school student ordered pizza for the family to make sure they had something to eat.
Lagow and his wife, DeAnn, have five children, including college-age and adult children who lived with them during part of the ordeal.
“If somebody stuck your head underwater and just held it there I'm not sure it would be as bad as not being to tell your family, not being able to tell your friends, having (car repossessors) knock on your door, having your neighbors look at you as a failure, having your kids look at you as a failure,” Lagow said.
When prosecutors decided to roll his case into a bigger settlement, officials determined Lagow's portion of the pact was worth $75 million. In May, he received his cut — 19 percent of the total. Taxes and legal fees come out of the $14.5 million.
Lagow had been able to tell his wife about the case only a few months earlier.
“I don't think anybody actually believed it until it actually hit the bank,” Lagow said.
His reward was one of the larger ones among recent finance-related whistleblower cases. Citigroup Inc (C.N) employee Sherry Hunt received $31 million in a mortgage-related case settled by her employer, and homeowner Lynn Szymoniak received $18 million in one of the suits wrapped into the mortgage settlement.
GOING TO DISNEY WORLD
Lagow says his goal was to help fix the mortgage system, not to strike it rich. He is unsure if he met his goal.
Bank of America, for example, still owns LandSafe. A rule approved by the Federal Reserve Board allows lenders to continue to own appraisal companies if they have appropriate firewalls. The bank says it has those firewalls.
And banks can still certify on their own that a loan is eligible for FHA guarantees, with little government oversight, Lagow said, an issue he brought up in his complaint.
But by taking on Countrywide, Lagow has helped bring some relief to some of the lender's former customers.
In the $1 billion settlement — the largest False Claims case related to mortgage fraud — the bank will pay $500 million to the FHA and use the rest to fund a loan modification program for Countrywide borrowers whose loan balances exceed the worth of their properties. If the bank doesn't make enough modifications, it will pay the remainder to the government.
Lagow would still like to find work as an appraiser but so far has had no luck. He has bought a new home and has treated his family to a trip to Disney World, but he plans to leave most of the award to his kids.
“They are the ones,” he said, “who suffered through this.”
The World of Beer craft beer bar in downtown St. Petersburg could be in a world of trouble.
Former bartenders and staff members threw a "going out of business" bash at the bar Sunday night and invited friends and regular customers to drink a beer at 100 4th St. S. for the last time.
But co-owner Philippe Theodore said the employee party was premature. He said the future of the business is uncertain, but it's not closed for good just yet.
Theodore blamed structural issues with the building, including "major plumbing problems" as the reason why he and the bar's other franchise owners and investors are reconsidering the future of the bar.
Theodore could not determine when or if the bar would open again, and if the bar's operating hours would change. He said it all depends on the cost of repairs and the extent of work required.
Requests for comment from World of Beer's Tampa headquarters went unanswered.
"The business model of World of Beer has changed since we opened this one," said Theodore, who opened the bar in St. Petersburg in 2011. He also opened another in St. Petersburg in 2009 on 4th Street North but closed it in 2012. "They're much bigger now and most have kitchens. Given that, we have to decide if it's worth keeping this one online or not."
Theodore opened an adjacent restaurant concept next door without much success. POW, which stood for pizza or wings, opened in March last year but closed shortly after. He cited similar "structural problems" with the building. Another restaurant called Proper is under development there with a new owner but has yet to open.
World of Beer is also across the street from Hofbrauhaus St. Petersburg, a German beer hall that opened last fall to great excitement and is much larger than World of Beer.
The St. Petersburg World of Beer business was listed for sale in February. An ad posted on LoopNet listed the business for sale at $699,000, which did not include the land or the building, which is owned separately. The landlord and owner of the property is Triann Tower LLC of St. Petersburg. Theodore said there is pending litigation between him and co-owner Jason Rappaport and their landlord.
Former bartender Melanie Tymrak said there have been a number of issues between the corporate office and the local franchise owners. She quit her job there last week because of the impending closure.
"Corporate came by and said it was OK to close because all the employees are so over it and done," Tymrak said. "The owners refused to sell. It's sad how one person can ruin a business."
Theodore acknowledged that several staff members quit but not all of them.
"I can say that a lot of the employees who used to work there will not be there" when and if the bar reopens, he said.
Theodore and Rappaport became the first franchisees of World of Beer in 2008. Theodore has built, managed and owned 11 taverns in Florida, Texas and Colorado. He still owns or is invested in World of Beer bars in Denver and Houston. He said the issues with the downtown St. Petersburg tavern has no effect on his other World of Beer taverns.
Contact Justine Griffin at [email protected] or (727) 893-8467. Follow @SunBizGriffin.
How to trace the pattern of wealth disparity in this city—besides the widening chasm between super-luxury condos and the rest of the market, that is? Look for the trees. Or rather, for how many trees there are in your neighborhood. The Atlantic's CityLab shared findings of a study published in the journal PLOS One that found that in New York City, and in a handful of other cities (including Philadelphia and Baltimore), tree cover correlated with neighborhood income. In other words, the richer the area, the more trees there are and the denser the foliage.
Researchers note the rise of programs that aim to plant more trees in neighborhoods, including the NYC Parks Department's Million Trees initiative. As of this writing, the city's close to that million mark, logging 949,361 so far. Whether that addresses the issue of expanding income gap in general is a whole other, more complicated issue, of course.
You can look up your building on AddressReport (a Brick sponsor) to compare tree cover on your Manhattan block to the borough average.
Interestingly, a survey by Harvard University's Kennedy School on Media, Politics and Public Policy's JournalistsResource.org shows a study that found "on average, individuals have both lower mental distress and higher well being when living in urban areas with more green space. Although effects at the individual level were small, the potential cumulative benefit at the community level highlights the importance of policies to protect and promote urban green spaces for well-being.”
Related:
Solar panels on your building ? New York is now offering some serious tax breaks
Inside Brighton Beach's eco-friendly condo, Bright N' Green
10 quality of life factors to check for before buying a NYC apartment (sponsored)
9 NYC maps to consult before your next move
SEGA: “You'll Have To Be Patient For While Longer” by SSF1991 February 2, 2016
Happy Hedgehog Day!
Every February 2nd, SEGA celebrates the day Sonic 3 was released worldwide. February 2nd, 1994 was that day, marketed as Hedgehog Day as a parody of Groundhog Day. Since then SEGA has either acknowledged the day with videos and blog posts or announced significant Sonic news, such as the reveal of Sonic 4: Episode 1.
The tradition has continued this year with a SEGA blog entry marking the occasion and featuring a strange video with a real hedgehog:
The video's description contains the numbers 4, 1, and 16.
Speaking of numbers, you may recall the last teaser made by Aaron Webber that involved two circles. Speculation arose on whether those were zeroes or eyes. The blog post cleared the air:
(By the way, in case you missed it – those weren't eyes, they were zeros.)
Most importantly, however, they told fans that there was still some more waiting to come:
I know at least half of you reading this are thinking: “Hey! Are you announcing anything big today, like Sonic Labyrinth 2 or Tails Sky Patrol IV? What's the scoop?”, but you'll need to be patient for a while longer. Good things take time, and we're sticking to that. That said, you've probably noticed a few numbers floating around here and there. Who knows that they might mean?
Time will tell.
AWS Config captures the state of your AWS resources and the relationships between them. Among other features, it allows you to select a resource and then view a timeline of configuration changes that affect the resource (read Track AWS Resource Relationships With AWS Config to learn more).
AWS Config rules extends Config with a powerful rule system, with support for a “managed” collection of AWS rules as well as custom rules that you write yourself (my blog post, AWS Config Rules – Dynamic Compliance Checking for Cloud Resources, contains more info). The rules (AWS Lambda functions) represent the ideal (properly configured and compliant) state of your AWS resources. The appropriate functions are invoked when a configuration change is detected and check to ensure compliance.
You already have access to about three dozen managed rules. For example, here are some of the rules that check your EC2 instances and related resources:
Two New Rules
Today we are adding two new managed rules that will help you to secure your S3 buckets. You can enable these rules with a single click. The new rules are:
s3-bucket-public-write-prohibited – Automatically identifies buckets that allow global write access. There's rarely a reason to create this configuration intentionally since it allows
unauthorized users to add malicious content to buckets and to delete (by overwriting) existing content. The rule checks all of the buckets in the account.
s3-bucket-public-read-prohibited – Automatically identifies buckets that allow global read access. This will flag content that is publicly available, including web sites and documentation. This rule also checks all buckets in the account.
Like the existing rules, the new rules can be run in response to changes detected by Config. You can see the compliance status of all of your rules at a glance:
Each evaluation runs in a matter of milliseconds; scanning an account with 100 buckets will take less than a minute. Behind the scenes, the rules are evaluated by a reasoning engine that uses some leading-edge constraint solving techniques that can, in many cases, address NP-complete problems in polynomial time (we did not resolve P versus NP; that would be far bigger news). This work is part of a larger effort within AWS, some of which is described in a AWS re:Invent presentation: Automated Formal Reasoning About AWS Systems:
Now Available
The new rules are available now and you can start using them today. Like the other rules, they are priced at $2 per rule per month.
— Jeff;
In making the case for resettling more and more refugees, especially Syrians, the Obama administration has made the following assurances:
Refugees are subject to the highest level of security checks of any category of traveler to the United States.
Refugees' vetting process takes (on average) 18 months.
This would be comforting if it were credible. CIS underlined the opacity of public officials' testimonies here, and the absence of dependable screening measures for Syrian (and other) refugees here. In short, the lack of solid on-the-ground intelligence systems and the unreliability of required documentation in sending countries such as Syria result in important gaps in security.
Moreover, the United States is entrusting the staff of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in the Middle East with the entire selection and pre-screening process of Syrian refugees eligible for resettlement in the U.S. (My new article on the UNHCR's role in U.S. refugee resettlement is here.)
The 18 to 24 months of the vetting process are not really spent on additional scrutiny, as Kelly Gauger from the U.S. State Department explained at a recent panel discussion in Washington:
It takes 18 months to vet a refugee to come to the US. We are not spending 18 months doing security checks. One of the reasons it takes we usually say 18 to 24 months for a refugee to come to the United States is that we will accept a referral from UNHCR of any nationality, in any location [the U.S. has 100 different processing locations from all corners of the world - Australia and Canada for example only have ten or twelve], at any time. So at any given time, we've got something like a quarter of a million people who are turning through the system, somewhere between just being referred by UNHCR who have just applied or about to get on a plane for the U.S. That said, we are not the fastest program in the world. It's a large ship that takes a long time to turn. [Emphasis added]
Gauger went on to dismiss proposals to welcome 100,000 Syrian refugees this fiscal year, and not just 10,000 that the administration says it will admit:
The program [the Refugee Resettlement Program] is just now gearing up, is just now ramping up. Now as of this morning [October 19 2015], I checked, we've received almost 22,000 referrals from UNHCR. So we're in the process of vetting those and getting them ready for DHS interviews. We'll have a huge number of DHS interviews in the region this year. And I think we'll be able to get to 10,000. But the notion that we could get to 100,000 refugees when UNHCR doesn't have nearly the capacity to send us referrals for 100,000 refugees just isn't possible.
So if you think that officers (whether from UNHCR or the U.S. State Department) are spending 18 to 24 months screening and interviewing people, think again. What is more likely is that resettlement candidates are interviewed only three times before entering the United States: twice by UNHCR staff (for granting refugee status and resettlement referral) and once by DHS officers. (Those DHS officers, by the way undergo a basic training of eight whole weeks to learn both the relevant law and also how to elicit testimony and to test credibility before being sent to interview applicants.) Larry Bartlett, director of refugee resettlement for the State Department, testified recently to this effect: "So by the time our folks are reviewing the application, they've already been talked to twice. They have had a very good incentive to provide accurate information to the UNHCR because that's how – at that registration that's how they get food rations and housing, for the most part."
Accurate information might be provided, or not. The point is, there is no way (at least for now) to know for sure.
This administration will need to come up with different talking points to persuade the American people of the reliability of the U.S. Refugee Resettlement Program. Or, better yet, it can suspend the program until dependable vetting measures are found.
During the Brexit campaign, Nigel Farage faced criticism and ridicule for raising the prospect of British troops being sucked into an EU army. But, Jean-Claude Juncker's State of the Union address to the European Parliament today all but confirmed the plans. Mr Juncker pushed forward his agenda for a European superstate this morning with terrifying plans for an EU army.
GETTY Mr Juncker called for an EU military with its own European headquarters
Nigel Farage told Sky News: "When I raised this prospect in the referendum, I was told by the Remain campaign, 'don't be silly,' 'don't believe that,' 'there'll never be a European army'. "Well, here it is! And rather than it being a force for peace, it's a dangerous army." He added: "Juncker is building an army, navy, and air force. It's an independent foreign policy. "What they're doing here is kissing goodbye to NATO and setting up their own independent military missions and headquarters."
The outgoing UKIP leader delivered an incredible takedown response to the EU Commission president's speech in Strasbourg. He attacked Jean-Claude Juncker for his plans for a "European army" and "more Europe" in the next 12 months. Mr Farage also delighted in the Brexit campaign, which cuts any ties to joining the European military force. He added: "The EU leaders are basically saying we can't rely on the Americans, we can do this on our own. "Indeed it was the usual recipe for more Europe and in this particular case of course more military Europe. "When you set up parallel structures with Nato, one is ultimately going to be the top dog over the other. "This is dangerous."
GETTY Mr Farage also ripped into chief EU Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt
GETTY Farage warned about the EU army - to ridicule - in the referendum campaign
I was laughed at in the referendum campaign for suggesting a European army - well, here it is! Nigel Farage
During his speech, Mr Juncker told the audience of MEPs that the EU must not "bow to the interests of the nation-state". In a dismissal of the Brexit result, the European leader demanded the bloc ramp up with integration process and appeared to imply that the EU could crush national sovereignty. Mr Juncker called for an EU military with its own European headquarters. He cited the lack of cooperation on military resources as costing EU countries billions. However, on Tuesday, EU president Donald Tusk warned "giving new powers to European institutions is not the desired recipe" for tackling challenges in the bloc.
GETTY Mr Farage attacked Jean-Claude Juncker for his plans for a "European army"
US-backed forces announced on Sunday the "final phase" of the battle to retake Raqqa in Syria, after the city was evacuated except for foreign Islamic State (IS) group militants and their families.
More than 3,000 civilians fled Raqqa on Saturday night under an evacuation deal that left just a few hundred foreign IS militants and some of their relatives in the handful of positions they still hold in their one-time Syrian stronghold.
Commanders said the way was now clear for a final assault by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a Kurdish-Arab militia alliance that broke into Raqqa in June and has since captured 90 percent of the city.
SDF spokesman Talal Sello said the 3,000 civilians had evacuated to areas controlled by the SDF under a deal negotiated between local officials from the Raqqa Civil Council and Syrian IS militants.
"Raqqa is now empty of civilians who had been taken as human shields," he said.
"Only 250 to 300 foreign terrorists who refused the deal and decided to stay and fight until the end remain in the city, and relatives of some members are with them," he said, without specifying the number of civilians.
Sello said a total of 275 Syrian IS militants and family members had also left militant-held parts of the city and were with SDF fighters.
He declined to specify where those militants and their families would go.
With the deal's implementation, the SDF announced what it said was the last phase of the fight to capture the city.
"We are now in the final phase of the battle for Raqqa," Jihan Sheikh Ahmed, spokeswoman for the SDF's Raqqa campaign, told AFP.
In a statement, the SDF said that the last phase of the fighting would "end the presence of the terrorist mercenaries inside the city".
"The battle... will continue until the entire city is cleared of terrorists who refuse to surrender, including foreign terrorists."
'Surrender or fight'
There had been speculation for days about a deal to allow the SDF to capture the last parts of the city while preventing further civilian casualties.
But there had been contradictory reports about whether the deal would allow foreign IS militants to leave, something that has been strongly opposed by the US-led coalition supporting the SDF.
The Raqqa Civil Council issued a statement Sunday afternoon denying that foreign IS militants had been allowed to leave the city, after one of its members said "a portion of the foreigners have left".
The RCC said "for clarification and accuracy, the foreign Daesh (IS) are not at all the concern of the Raqqa Civil Council and the tribal leaders, and they cannot be pardoned".
"Those who have surrendered are only Syrians, and they number a total of 275 including their families."
The US-led coalition had on Saturday announced a convoy would leave the city, specifying that it would not include foreign IS militants.
"We're very adamant about not allowing foreign fighters to leave the city," coalition spokesman Colonel Ryan Dillon told AFP on Sunday.
"Our stance was they either stay and fight or they surrender unconditionally."
"The last thing we want is foreign fighters to go free so they can return to their countries of origin and cause more terror and more havoc," he added.
But Dillon said local officials had not been asked for guarantees.
"This is a local solution," he said.
"While we may not fully agree with our partners sometimes, we have to respect their own solutions to their issues."
IS captured Raqqa in 2014, and under its rule the city become synonymous with the militant group's worst abuses and was transformed into a planning centre for attacks abroad.
The loss of Raqqa would be only the latest blow for IS, which has suffered a string of setbacks in recent months.
It was driven from its largest Iraqi stronghold Mosul in July and now holds only a sliver of territory in the country.
In Syria, its presence is largely confined to the eastern province of Deir Ezzor, where it is under attack by both the SDF and a Russia-backed Syrian government campaign.
On Saturday, Syria's army seized the former IS stronghold of Mayadeen in Deir Ezzor.
HOUSTON -- A familiar trend emerged for the Houston Dynamo in Friday's game against New York City FC: Hold firm for the first half defensively, before failing to keep up with their opponents in the second half.
Two second-half goals from David Villa sealed the 2-0 victory for NYCFC and handed Houston their 12th loss of the season. Houston registered zero shots on target and had trouble keeping possession of the ball despite playing at home.
“We didn't take care of the ball very well. You know, we were just off tonight,” said Houston Dynamo interim coach Wade Barrett on his team's performance.
“It's hard to explain, we had a good week of training. It felt like, coming into the game, the guys were pretty confident. For whatever reason, we were kind of flat tonight, in a lot of different ways. I feel like we all kind of got knocked down tonight, myself included.”
Despite the second-half outburst from New York City, Houston kept them in check in the first half. The second half however, the team was caught ball watching as Spain's all-time scoring leader knocked in his 20th goal of the season within 10 minutes of the restart.
“When you talk about a player like David Villa, like I said, we know what to expect from him, but that doesn't make it easier to deal with,” said Barrett. “He's got good movement, he's alive, when the ball popped free we just got caught.”
Offensively, Houston was pressured into giving up the ball and failed to string passes together which prevented them from getting into any kind of rhythm.
“You can't keep the ball in the same area, and we had a hard time opening from the points that we were winning the ball,” said Barrett on what NYCFC did to stymie them. “You saw how many times we turned the ball back over again.”
The Dynamo have four games remaining and while the team is still mathematically alive to qualify for the Audi 2016 MLS Cup Playoffs, the focus is simply on getting three points, no matter the place in the standings.
“That's what we all play for. The guys have had the taste of it in the last couple of weeks, getting results, getting wins, and you know what? It's a good feeling,” said Barrett. “If you don't have that drive, if you don't have the want for that every single week, no matter where you are, then you probably won't have a long career, playing or coaching.”
Share
Previous Next 1 of 15 Optional case with carabiner.
Thanks to an advanced array of sensors, the TG-Tracker is capable of logging everything from latitude and longitude to altitude, shooting direction, and air/water temperature along with its videos and stills. Those of you who enjoy being able to capture your adventures in the wild and relive them at home will find the added features of this camera particularly enticing.
Users of the TG-Tracker will be able to, in combination with the Olympus Image Track App, display their sensor data along with the stills and video captured while they were out on their adventures. Olympus says that this will enhance “the excitement of reliving outdoor action with an immersive, data-rich viewing experience.” This type of data is similar to those collected in Garmin's Virb XE, which also overlays metrics onto videos.
It wouldn't be a Tough brand camera without being able to take some serious punishment. The TG-Tracker is waterproof to depths of 100 feet, dust-proof, shock-proof from 7 feet, freeze-proof to 14°F, and crush-proof up to 220 pounds of force – as-is, without needing any form of protective case. To keep things steady, the camera comes with a grip for hand-held shooting.
That is all before we even mention the 204-degree ultra-wide f/2.0 lens, 8-megapixel backlit 1/2.3-inch CMOS sensor, digital five-axis image stabilization, and the same TruePic VII processor that Olympus puts in their OM-D and PEN camera – which all pair together perfectly to capture a unique field of view for the 4K/30p and Full HD 1080/60p videos the TG-Tracker is capable of. Unlike most action cams, there is a tilt-out, 1.5-inch color LCD for framing and playback, and an LED lamp for low-light shots. Sound recording should also be a plus, as the camera has a mic with linear PCM recording – most likely technology borrowed from Olympus' voice recorders. Built-in Wi-Fi lets you pair the camera with a phone or tablet, to use wih the Image Track App.
The TG-Tracker will be available in black or green, and should retail for around $350, with availability sometime in June.
This new rugged cam seems to be the logical direction Olympus would take with its Tough-series of point-and-shoots. Olympus added action-cam-like features to the Tough TG-4 (in fact, we think the TG-4 makes a great action cam), and the TG-Tracker bridges the two categories. The TG Tracker is also the first Olympus camera to handle 4K video capture, which we see as foreshadow for future Olympus cameras to come.
The club has confirmed that prop John Andress will be returning to Ireland to join Munster next season.
pic courtesy Barbini
Irish age grade international Andress has spent two seasons in the black and red since arriving from Worcester, following spells at Harlequins and Exeter.
He has made 48 appearances for the club, since making his debut in the away win over Munster in September 2014, notching up a try in the defeat of Ospreys at the start of this season.
Andress said:
“I've really valued my time here. My game has really improved through the coaching, we've a great group of players and backroom staff and I've no doubt the club will build on the momentum from this season and go on to do bigger and better things.
“I've obviously enjoyed my time at the club immensely and, being on 48 caps, it would be great to leave having achieved my fiftieth cap and be able to mark my time here in such a special way.”
Head coach Alan Solomons said: "John is an experienced scrummaging tighthead, who has made a valuable contribution to the club over the past two seasons.
“He is a good bloke, an excellent team man and a pleasure to coach. We wish him every success in his new venture."
Edinburgh takes on Zebre at BT Murrayfield on Friday (k/o 7.35) in a match which will have a crucial impact on the club's aim for a place in the top six of the Guinness PRO12 and a spot in the top tier of European competition next season.
Tickets can be purchased online via phone on 0131 346 5180 and in person from the Ticket Centre in Roseburn Street.
Edinburgh Rugby signings for the 2016/17 season
Solomoni Rasolea
Sean Kennedy*
Nathan Fowles*
Glenn Bryce*
Rory Scholes
Ross Ford**
Allan Dell*
Simon Berghan*
Tom Brown**
Phil Burleigh
Cornell Du Preez
Neil Cochrane*
Duncan Weir**
Damien Hoyland**
Stuart McInally**
Sam Hidalgo-Clyne**
Chris Dean*
Alasdair Dickinson**
Ben Toolis**
Jamie Ritchie*
* Scottish qualified
** Scotland internationalist
On loan until 31 May 2016
Jason Tovey
By Lyle Fitzsimmons
The fun all started around 11:30 on Saturday.
Within seconds of the on-stool surrender in the small room at Madison Square Garden, the race to come up with the wittiest analogy linking Roberto Duran to Guillermo Rigondeaux began in earnest.
And once the truly meme-worthy material was exhausted, the focus switched to determining on which side of the “Lomachenko is an all-time great” line any particular keyboard-toting comics resided.
That question was answered in this space last week.
If the momentum continues at its present rate, he'll be in Canastota precisely five years and 10 seconds from the moment he throws his last punch.
In the meantime, though, he's got some more things to accomplish.
And just as high on the post-debacle priority list in midtown Manhattan was suggesting what fighter(s) out there had a chance to give the multi-skilled Ukrainian anything more than a token in-ring push.
Mikey Garcia took the lead after an unwatchable debate between ESPN blowhards Teddy Atlas and Stephen A. Smith – it was a Twitter suggestion I made four months ago, incidentally – but after hearing those two rant for what felt like an hour, I've decided to put my eggs in an even higher-profile basket.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Manny Pacquiao.
Yes, it's true the Pac Man has recently campaigned at welterweight and Lomachenko is a full three divisions south at 130. But upon closer inspection, the dimensions and career arcs do make some sense.
While another occasionally suggested foe for the Ukrainian, Terence Crawford, has already leaped from 135 to 140 and seems destined to evolve into a welterweight, those around the aging Filipino star have long suggested he'd be more comfortable – and perhaps even more devastating – with a move down to 140, a division he invaded with a two-round erasure of Ricky Hatton in 2009 before chasing bigger names and purses at 147 and beyond.
Top Rank boss Bob Arum said last year that Pacquiao vs. Lomachenko “(is) a fight that I want to see, more than any other fight that's out there.”
Lomachenko would stand a half-inch taller in a press conference staring contest while conceding the same narrow difference in reach, and a successful match with a certified pay-per-view stalwart would go a lot further toward putting the Ukrainian over with casual fans – and tilling the ground for even bigger shows – than middling unification duels at 130 with the anonymous likes of Miguel Berchelt or Alberto Machado, or even a summit at 135 with Garcia.
Toward that latter end, it'd be a whole lot safer, too.
It's the “eventually, he'll get Pacquiao” path that Arum used to suggest for Brandon Rios before age, weight and brawls took their toll on Bam Bam and made the duel more sparring than scintillating.
Lomachenko, though, seems in no danger of such precipitous fizzling.
"There's no doubt who's going to rise to be the No. 1 pound-for-pound fighter in the world," HBO's Max Kellerman said after a defeat of Nicholas Walters a year ago last month. "You saw him this week. And it leaves us scratching our heads about who could fight him on this level."
Indeed, headliner shows warrant far better than bar-band encores.
And given the 29-year-old's clear comfort on the big stage, there seems no reason not to start the tour right away.
* * * * * * * * * *
Weekly title-fight schedule:
WEDNESDAY
WBO welterweight title – Brisbane, Australia
Jeff Horn (champion/No. 1 IWBR) vs. Gary Corcoran (No. 10 WBO/No. 86 IWBR)
Horn (17-0-1, 11 KO): First title defense; Three KOs in four Brisbane fights (4-0, 3 KO)
Corcoran (17-1, 7 KO): First title fight; Never fought outside the United Kingdom
Fitzbitz says: He “beat” Pacquiao, but no one beyond Team Arum takes Horn seriously as the top man at 147. Still, while Corcoran has been a good UK fighter, he's no world-beater. Horn by decision
FRIDAY
WBA mini flyweight title – Bangkok, Thailand
Thammanoon Niyomtrong (champion/No. 1 IWBR) vs. Toto Landero (No. 14 WBA/No. 28 IWBR)
Niyomtrong (16-0, 7 KO): Fourth title defense; Two KOs in four Bangkok fights (4-0, 2 KO)
Landero (10-1-2, 2 KO): First title fight; Seven wins by split or majority decisions
Fitzbitz says: Landero has one win in 12-rounders and has been a narrow winner in seven of his other nine triumphs, not to mention a TKO loss just 15 months ago. He's not worthy. Niyomtrong in 8
SATURDAY
WBO middleweight title – Laval, Quebec
Billy Joe Saunders (champion/No. 7 IWBR) vs. David Lemieux (No. 2 WBO/No. 5 IWBR)
Saunders (25-0, 12 KO): Third title defense; Never fought outside of the United Kingdom
Lemieux (38-3, 33 KO): Third title fight (1-1); Thirty of 33 career KO wins in Canada
Fitzbitz says: Saunders is no Sugar Ray Robinson, but after seeing Lemieux thus far I'm not convinced Sugar Ray Seales couldn't handle him. Only concern is that he's traveling. Saunders by decision
Last week's picks: 2-2 (WIN: Selby, Lomachenko; LOSS: Ogawa, DeGale)
2017 picks record: 93-29 (76.2 percent)
Overall picks record: 915-303 (75.1 percent)
NOTE: Fights previewed are only those involving a sanctioning body's full-fledged title-holder – no interim, diamond, silver, etc. Fights for WBA "world championships" are only included if no "super champion" exists in the weight class.
Lyle Fitzsimmons has covered professional boxing since 1995 and written a weekly column for Boxing Scene since 2008. He is a full voting member of the Boxing Writers Association of America. Reach him at [email protected] or follow him on Twitter – @fitzbitz.
Bitcoin could be the answer to the problem of marijuana growers in the US not being able to open bank accounts.
Speaking at the Web Summit conference in Dublin, Gavin Andresen from the Bitcoin Foundation said that one of potential uses for the cryptocurrency would be helping legal marijuana growers store their profits.
While many states in the US have legalised the growing and distribution of marijuana, most banks won't allow those making money from it to open accounts due to regulatory worries.
Credit card companies are equally reticent to get involved, so rather than storing large stockpiles of cash, bitcoin could provide a perfect solution.
"Legal marijuana industries could possibly be one of the big industries for bitcoin," Andresen says. "It gives marijuana growers a way of charging customers that doesn't involve cash." The Bitcoin Foundation chief scientist said he was even aware of people who are actively working on this issue.
Bitcoin is newfangled stuff
Andresen said that a year ago "regulatory clarity" was the number one issue facing bitcoin businesses, but today that has changed and "right now I think the most important issue for bitcoin businesses is actually interfacing with the banking systems around the world."
Andersen said banks are slow to embrace "newfangled stuff" such as bitcoin.
Asked just how big bitcoin could be, Andresen said that "no one really knows how big it will be" adding that the biggest misconception about the cryptocurrency is that it is some "deep, dark, mysterious thing for illicit markets."
Andersen said this was a "reasonable conception" as this was one of the main uses for bitcoin in the beginning but now "we have evolved way past that" with major companies like Dell accepting bitcoin from consumers.
The use of illegal bitcoins on the black market was highlighted when the FBI took down the Silk Road drugs marketplace and seized almost 30,000 bitcoins which were used to buy and sell drugs on the dark web.
Tenacity. Discipline. Innovation. You lacked all of these qualities in 2008. Avoid another year of failure by adding these Top 10 Business Books for 2009 to your Christmas list.
1. The 4,867 Habits of Obsessive-Compulsive People by Stephen R. Covey—Succeeding in business means minding the details. This new book covers everything from “Be proactive 117 times a day” to “Wash your hands six times before leaving the bathroom.”
2. Getting Shit Done by David Allen—Updated edition for Generation Z.
3. Good to Lousy by Jim Collins—Why some companies make the leap…and how to avoid being crushed under them.
4. Who Moved My Cheese? Episode 2: The Quickening by Spencer Johnson—Two mice enter. One mouse leaves.
5. How to Win Friends While Under the Influence by Dale “Budman” Carnegie IV—Includes classic tips like, “Buy the next round,” “Dude, you could totally take that jackass,” and “Stop staring at her boobs.”
6. The 40-Hour Work Week by “A. Boss”—Full text: “I don't pay you to read books. Get back to work.”
7. The One-Minute Micromanager by Ken Blanchard—Three hundred pages of strategy that boils down to “Here, just let me do it.”
8. White Collar Crime for Entrepreneurial Dummies—A complete how-to for embezzlement, fraud and bribery, plus a razor-sharp back page for shredding the book.
9. Made to Suck by Chip Heath—Why some ideas survive and slowly choke the life out of your company.
10. Random Metaphor Adapted for a Business Setting by Seth Godin—The Tribes of the Big Red Fez kill a large Purple Cow to make a small Meatball Sundae because Small is the New Big or something.
Coming Soon
White Lines
When her brother is discovered dead, a Manchester woman leaves her quiet life to travel to Ibiza, where she seeks the truth about his disappearance.
Always Be My Maybe
Everyone assumed Sasha and Marcus would wind up together except for Sasha and Marcus. Reconnecting after 15 years, the two start to wonder ... maybe?
The Irishman
Martin Scorsese's epic saga of organized crime in postwar America, as told by a mob hit man, stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Joe Pesci.
Flinch
Faced with various frightening and uncomfortable events, contestants in this game show had better not flinch -- or they'll suffer painful consequences.
The Spy
This drama series tells the astonishing true story of Israel's most prominent spy, Eli Cohen, who infiltrated the Syrian government in the 1960s.
Jacob and the Sea Beast
In his mission to stop a tyrannical captain and save a kidnapped infant, charming seafarer Jacob finds an unlikely ally in a sea monster.
Family Reunion
Chambers
Consumed by the mystery surrounding the donor heart that saved her life, a young patient starts taking on sinister characteristics of the deceased.
Opponents of Iran's regime have continued protests despite a crackdown Human rights in Iran are as poor as at any time over the past 20 years, according to a report from campaign group Amnesty International. The report details "patterns of abuse" by the regime before and after disputed presidential elections in June. One man quoted in the report said he had been beaten and burned with cigarettes. Another said he was threatened with rape. Iran has dismissed previous criticism of its human rights record. Officials have said such criticism is politically motivated. Thousands of people were arrested and dozens killed in Iran after the disputed election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad led to the largest street protests since the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Dozens have been given jail terms, and prosecutors say at least five people have been sentenced to death. BBC Tehran correspondent, Jon Leyne, who is now in London, says that early in the protests, the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, accepted some of the allegations of abuse, ordering the closure of the Kahrizak detention centre. But since then, there has been almost no tolerance of criticism by the authorities, our correspondent says. 'False confession' Amnesty International cited the account of 26-year-old computing student Ebrahim Mehtari, who said he was accused of "working with Facebook networks" and protesting against the election result. "They frequently beat me on the face," he was quoted as saying. "I was burned with cigarettes under my eyes, on the neck, head... They threatened to execute me and they humiliated me." After five days he signed a false confession and was taken out and left in the street, still bleeding and semi-conscious, Amnesty said. In August, defeated presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi said some protesters detained after the election had been tortured to death in prison and others had been raped. Iranian officials denied the rape claims, but admitted that abuses had taken place. Amnesty also cited the case of a former detainee who said he was held in a container with 75 others for more than eight weeks at a detention centre at Kahrizak. Amnesty accepted that the Iranian parliament and judiciary had established committees to investigate the post-election unrest and the government's response, but it said the mandate and powers of the bodies were unclear and the parliamentary committee's findings had not been made public. The group said at least 90 people had been arrested in the past three weeks to forestall further demonstrations.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By FRANCO PANIZO
Gedion Zelalem's decision to play for the U.S. Men's National Team has come with much fanfare, and a big vote of confidence as well.
Days after FIFA made Zelalem eligible to play for the U.S., his manager at Arsenal, Arsene Wenger, lauded the decision. Wenger told reporters that he leaves it up to his players to decide what nation they want to represent, and added that he thinks it will be beneficial to have Zelalem learn under U.S. head coach Jurgen Klinsmann.
“Jurgen has all the knowledge that is needed at the top level,” said Wenger, who also stated that Zelalem could go out on loan next season. “He has good experience as a coach as well and it will be fantastic for him.”
This isn't the first time Wenger has had good things to say about Zelalem with the U.S. Last summer during Arsenal's preseason stop in the New York area, Wenger said Zelalem was the type of attacking player that the Americans lack.
“Gedion has the qualities that I believe are very important to give in the States because the national team I've seen (is missing them),” Wenger said last July. “He's a creative player and he can create a spark an opening with his pass, with his vision through the eyes and if he manages to build up his physique and his qualities, he can be a very important player. Let's hope he will do it.”
Zelalem, who was born in Berlin to Ethiopian parents but given U.S. citizenship last year, will first play with the U.S. Under-20 Men's National Team at this summer's World Cup.
He was included in the Americans' 21-man roster by head coach Tab Ramos, and is expected to play a significant role in their campaign in New Zealand if Zelalem can acclimate to his new surroundings and teammates fast enough.
What do you make of Wenger's comments? How happy are you to hear he is fully behind Zelalem's move? Expecting a big U-20 World Cup out of Zelalem?
Share your thoughts below.
Well, that was fast. Just a few days after the first action-packed clip dropped for Chris Carter's new sci-fi series The After, the entire pilot episode has gone live at Amazon. Want to see?
Though he's had a few projects crash and burn in development hell over the years, this marks Carter's first real return to sci-fi television since The X-Files, and it doesn't skimp on the ambition. If the pilot is picked up, the series will follow eight strangers who must “help each other survive in a violent world that defies explanation.” Yeah, that's vague, but we wouldn't want to spoil things.
The expansive cast includes Aldis Hodge, Andrew Howard, Arielle Kebbel, Jamie Kennedy, Sharon Lawrence, Sam Littlefield, Louise Monot, Jaina Lee Ortiz, Adrian Pasdar, Jason Lewis, Brynn Bowie, Madison Bowie, Giovanni Lopes, Fred Cross, Stacey Rand, Greg Collins, Don Harvey, Rolando Boyce, Dove Meir and J.R. Cruz.
After rolling out some half-hour comedies and kiddie shows last season, Amazon is definitely ramping things up this year. The After is a huge shot across the bow at scripted sci-fi, and we'd love to see more of what Carter could do with the concept. It definitely has a Flashforward and The Event vibe, though hopefully Carter can avoid the pitfalls that killed those fellow "high-concept" projects.
Click here to head over to Amazon and check it out.
An Amazon Prime subscription is required, but you can sign up for a 30-day trial and watch it for free. The company will use viewership data and feedback to determine which projects will move forward for a full season.
(Via Amazon)
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
NFL Rivals
NFL Rivals is an intense arcade football experience like no other. Choose your NFL team and support them throughout the 2011 season. Every time you play, your score gets uploaded to your team's global ranking. Can you drive them to the top?
Gameplay
NFL Rivals is football for everyone. Charge down the field to score touchdowns for your team, juking, trucking, jumping and spinning past ever-tougher rival opponents. Or, on Defense, chase down that running back and tackle him in style.
NFL Rivals is football for everyone. Charge down the field to score touchdowns for your team, juking, trucking, jumping and spinning past ever-tougher rival opponents. Or, on Defense, chase down that running back and tackle him in style. Authentic NFL Teams
Featuring all 32 NFL teams, NFL Rivals is a fan's dream. Unite with fellow fans to help your favorite team dominate its rivalries and rise to the top of NFL Rivals.
Featuring all 32 NFL teams, NFL Rivals is a fan's dream. Unite with fellow fans to help your favorite team dominate its rivalries and rise to the top of NFL Rivals. Introducing NFL Points – Your Chance to Represent your Team
By scoring NFL Points, fans from all over the world unite to move their team up the NFL Rivals rankings. Every amazing touchdown and every tackle; every jump, every drive, every juke and every spin counts towards your team's ranking in the Rivals leaderboards. Make sure to get your swagger on and execute your play with style to earn bonus points in the game.
By scoring NFL Points, fans from all over the world unite to move their team up the NFL Rivals rankings. Every amazing touchdown and every tackle; every jump, every drive, every juke and every spin counts towards your team's ranking in the Rivals leaderboards. Make sure to get your swagger on and execute your play with style to earn bonus points in the game. Gameday – Play Your Team's Schedule All Season Long
During the NFL season, the awesome new Gameday feature lets you play alongside your favorite team's weekly schedule. Real life rivalries become your challenge. Giants and Eagles – prepare to meet in Week 3. Steelers and Ravens fans – get bonus points for taking each other on in Week 1 and Week 9 when your teams meet in primetime.
During the NFL season, the awesome new Gameday feature lets you play alongside your favorite team's weekly schedule. Real life rivalries become your challenge. Giants and Eagles – prepare to meet in Week 3. Steelers and Ravens fans – get bonus points for taking each other on in Week 1 and Week 9 when your teams meet in primetime. Amazing Visuals
NaturalMotion Games ups the ante again with jaw-dropping player and stadium visuals. Featuring our most detailed graphics yet, NFL Rivals is a console game in your hands. Smooth animations and crushing tackles combine with advanced lighting and shadows to produce the most engaging mobile football experience to date.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Clouds & Sheep
Clouds & Sheep is a charming sandbox game featuring, well, clouds and sheep. Excessively cute sheep. The laid-back pace, mellow gameplay and adorable graphics make Clouds & Sheep an ideal game for casual gamers, as well as more serious gamers who want to take a break from the wanton slaughter and crushing challenges of more hardcore game titles.
Features:
- Innovative casual gameplay
- Interact with adorable sheep
- Manipulate clouds and weather
- More than 20 bonus items, toys and gadgets
- 33 dynamic challenges
- Colourful settings
- Open-ended gameplay
- Heart-meltingly cute graphics
Air Penguin by GAMEVIL
Jump, fly and dodge through Antarctica. All you need to know is how to tilt.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
RPG Eve of the Genesis HD
Way, way back, the Empire of Gadalia, a mighty state, controlled the lands in which the game is set, and the islands around those lands. That empire was ruled by mechanical beings in the form of men, and the humans were under their control. It is unclear from what period humans fell under the control of the machines. There is the legend that robots came down from the heavens, but so long has passed now that to be certain of how things began is nigh on impossible.
'Why must humans be subject to those with no blood in their veins?'- Finally, this ill-feeling led to the humans raising the flag of revolt against the machines. The clashes between humans and machines developed into a huge war that engulfed each and every land, with no victory in sight. Into this stalemate the machines introduced the strongest killing machine of all, designed to achieve ultimate victory: the Eve of Zero...
Now, 2000 years later…
Overload
“Overload” is an action-arcade-style game set in a steampunk world, featuring fast paced action, explosions and a pack of toasters, radio sets and kettles turned evil.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Battle Group
Destroy pirates in this missile command style tactical naval combat game. The near future. A pirate conglomeration equipped with the latest military hardware wages an unopposed war of plunder within the vital trade routes of the world. A naval force of modern warships drawn from a unified community of free nations is assembled to meet this growing threat. You are their commander.
Muffin Knight FREE
While Muffin Knight came out in the beginning of September, the free version only decided to show up recently. If you need a refresher, all I need to mention is Sir Poopsalot, a unicorn that poops rainbows.
--
Brought to you by the creators of Guerrilla Bob. Fertilize the forest with the unicorn, cover the sky with black holes, flood the world with candy, but just get the muffins back. Muffin Knight is an action-packed platformer with stunning visuals and a myriad of fairytale characters, each with their own unique abilities, which gain strength as you advance.
This is the story of a little boy, on his journey to return the old fairy's magical muffins. A strange curse was set on him: with each muffin he touches, he turns into a different creature. The old fairy promises to turn him back into a boy when he gets all the muffins back.
Jelly Defense
Finally something worth defending. Join the Jelly forces now and lead them to glory in this uneven and fierce fight against the invaders. Use your tactical skills and wisdom to tip the scales of victory in your favor in order to save the Diploglobe and the Jelly nation from the agressors. That's right, you are their only hope - the one they call the liberator, the true leader, the Jelly savior.
You are the hero they deserve. Just look at these poor little creatures. They trust you, they believe in you, they rely on you. Can you refuse those big faithfull eyes (or eye)? You're really their only hope. Get Jelly Defense now and lose yourself in an amazing, unique and beautiful world. Build powerful towers and lead your army to battle against fantastic and demanding enemies.
Special Enquiry Detail
Try your hand at investigating a murder and bring the killer to justice. Detectives Turino and Lamonte have been assigned to a new investigative unit: Special Enquiry Detail. Their first case is the shocking death of the daughter of two charity fundraisers. So the list of suspects is growing. With pressure from the captain and the mayor to solve the case quickly, the two detectives must uncover the trail that leads to the murderer. You will help with forensics, investigate the clues and suspects to find the murderer and unveil the secrets and deceptions of those involved! Dive into Special Enquiry Detail: The Hand That Feeds and become a New York City detective pursuing justice.
Real Steel HD
Champions aren't born. They're made. Real Steel is an underworld fighting game set in the near-future, where 2,000 pound robots fight in a no-holds barred battle to the death. Featuring two play modes, you can either fight a roster of Robots (Tournament Mode), each more challenging than the last, or fight in a quick sparring match against your favorite opponents (Free Sparring Mode). Your primary objective: defeat Midas and unlock all 8 unique Robots.
CONTRACT KILLER: ZOMBIES by Glu
Save the remnants of humanity by slaughtering every zombie in your path. You have killed more criminals than you can count. Now it's time to face the apocalypse and blow the crap out of thousands of zombies! From the team that brought you Contract Killer comes CONTRACT KILLER: ZOMBIES.
Clowning Around Free
Roll up, roll up, the circus is in town. Here is everyone's favourite act, clowns! With a variety of novelty contraptions and toys, can you help the clowns with their act and get each and every one of them soaked by dunking them in a barrel of freezing cold water. Brrr. Blast the clowns around with cannons, tilt them on seesaws, bounce them off trampolines and teleport them with the assistance of the magicians hats to get all of the clowns in the barrels. With 75 levels, 5 different acts and 3 different game modes including timed and arcade mode, the fun doesn't stop.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Race Stunt Fight! Motorcycles
Not since road rash has gaming been this fun. Race, stunt and fight your way across America on your motorcycle. Play as a Sport Bike Rider, Cop or Chopper rider as you gain points completing stunts and finishing first.
Doodle Physics LITE
Take your magic paper and start drawing. Imagine anything and make your doodles come alive. Make the ball reach the star avoiding the black stars. Enjoy this game with nice textures and amazing physics.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Pigs in Trees
The woodpeckers are attacking your tree and your role is to defend your home and your pig family from the invading force of enemies. Using a real timeline drawing game mechanic, you must protect the pig's tree nest by shooting down enemy woodpeckers with an air force made of pigs.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Puffle Launch
Everything you love about Club Penguin's Puffle Launch game is now available anywhere you go. Launch your extreme pet puffle and find the fiery prize in each of the 24 high speed levels. Dodge crazy obstacles, battle the cranky crab who has stolen all your snacks, and discover amazing surprises! Collect Puffle O's, unlock Time Trial, Turbo and Slo-Mo Modes, and earn tons of virtual coins to transfer to clubpenguin.com.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Bugged Lite
Bugs... splat 'em, flick 'em or explode 'em. Create awesome chain reactions and watch your score grow. Bugged lets you splat bugs all day long without ever feeling a single pang of remorse or the need to sanitize your hands. Go on, you know you want to.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Rock The Vegas
Rock the Vegas is a fascinating symbiosis of tycoon, city builder, gambling and social game. Users build not just a simple city, but a real Las Vegas prototype. That is why the city is alive not only at day but also at night, which is the main time Vegas is active: casinos are flashing with bright lights, cars are rushing through the dark roads.
Hard Lines HD - SALE
Take on all comers, avoid collisions and score MILLIONS of points in this stunning game of skill and quick reflexes. Guide our plucky underdog hero Lionel in his epic task to KILL ALL LINES, pick up lovely GLOWY THINGS, fight for survival (in SPAAAAAACE!) and most importantly DON'T CRASH! This is literally the funniest game you will ever play that has a glowing yellow line as the main character. Presented with full HD graphics for this Android version for both phones and tablets. On tablets, play in the specially crafted EXTREME mode for 4x the challenge.
Trial Xtreme 2 HD Free
Trial Xtreme 2 is the sequel to multi-million selling hit Trial Xtreme, packed with more levels, amazing new graphics and more blistering motorcycle stunt action than ever. Crank up the throttle, rev your engine and negotiate your way across 32 new action-packed levels. Trial Xtreme 2 uses the cutting edge NVIDIA® PhysX® engine to give you the most realistic ride of your life, demanding skill and concentration to take your bike riding skills to the max.
Ghost Chicken
Enter the warped and kooky world of Ghost Chicken; a high-octane action game full of chills and thrills! Stretch the chicken's neck to gobble up all the corn before time runs out. Release the chicken's head to snap the neck back in. Be careful– creepy crawly bugs lurk in the dirt, so don't let them bite.
Constant C
Constant C is a new action puzzle game, played by controlling time and gravity. In a distant future, a dark force gained control of the universe. Everything stopped moving – the time is frozen and gravity is gone. The only hope of recovering the universe relies on “Constant C,” a robot gifted with a small circle of power, allowing Constant C to move and to revive the time and gravity within the circle. When Constant C approaches an object, the object becomes “alive” and when Constant C leaves, the object becomes frozen again. By making good use of Constant C's power, your mission is to remove obstacles ahead and find a way for Constant C to reach the control center of the dark force.
There are 29 levels. To solve the puzzles, you need to be intelligent and creative. Each puzzle gives you a new experience, and along the way, your will learn important skills that can help you solve the puzzles. The unique feature of Constant C will give you a mind blowing experience. So, be quick! The universe is waiting for you.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
TRAP HUNTER -LOST GEAR- LITE
This game is slightly older, but we've never heard of it before, and it looks pretty cool for a dungeon crawler.
--
Destroy monsters, with traps. TRAP HUNTER -LOST GEAR- is a turn-based dungeon crawler RPG (roguelike style). You are not strong like a hero, but you have an artifact of trapping, called as 'Trap Gear'. Explore dungeon, confront monsters, and accomplish missions. Even though boss monsters are hard to win with direct combat, but lots of traps will help you.
For Tablets
We posted the tablet roundup separately - see here.
Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know!
If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know.
Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below.
This Is Serious - 600 Strains of an Aerosolized 'Thought Control' Vaccine Deployed Via Air, Food and Water! January 21, 2015.
(NaturalNews) According to the document you're about to see, for the last eight years, government scientists have actively engineered viral vaccines designed to alter thoughts and beliefs by infecting the brain and suppressing genetic expression of neurological cells. Dispersal of these vaccines has been tested via high-altitude aerosolized sprays, highway vehicles, the water supply and even the food system.
As you'll see in the document and video below, the vaccine was intended from the start to be deployed against civilian populations, and 600 strains of infectious viruses were tested on human subjects. One of the transmission vectors documented in the testing exploited an influenza strain to spread the mind-infecting virus as a pandemic.
The point of all this is to infect the minds of the population and transform people into what the government calls "normal." From the government's point of view, of course, "normal" means "obedient and mindless."
This is all described in a video and a document that surfaced several years ago but which are only now beginning to connect the dots as the medical police state in America accelerates to insane levels of... against the population. See recent stories on medical kidnapping in Arkansas and CPS kidnapping of children in Arizona for starters.
This YouTube video, described as a "leaked Pentagon video," features a Bill Gates-sounding scientist explaining in cold, calculating language how engineered vaccines can "eliminate behavior" that's considered undesirable by the government.
Starting at the 3:00 mark, you can hear this scientist explaining how a vaccine can "turn a fanatic into a normal person." A normal person, of course, means a person who is obedient to government authority.
Here's a transcript of the presentation:
Scientist: And that would have the effect which is to essentially turn a fanatic into a normal person...
Audience: How would you suggest that this is going to be dispersed? Via aerosol?
Scientist: The present plan and the tests that we've done so far have used respiratory viruses such as flu or rhinoviruses, and we believe that's a satisfactory way to get the exposure of the largest part of the population... and we're quite confident this would be a very successful approach.
Audience: What's the name of this proposal?
Scientist: The name is FUNVAX, the vaccine for religious fundamentalism. The proposal has just been submitted, and I think the data that I have shown you today would support the development of this project and we think it has great promise.
Watch the video here, which carries the US Dept. of Defense identifier of "DOD ID 149AZ2." - https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-cl=84359240&v=-gfTqfVeLHw&feature=pla... Designed to infect brain cells and alter beliefs and behavior
This document at WantToKnow.info appears to explain the design and intent of the virus in a summary entitled, "Quarterly FunVax Review."
The document says:
The objective of this phase of project ID 149AZ2 is to prepare a viral vector that will inhibit / decrease the expression of VMAT2 within a human population.
...the design allows the virus to infect the respiratory track where cytolytic infection occurs and then subsequent diffusion across the blood barrier to infect brain cells.
The document goes on to say that there will be "coordination between the research, clinical and manufacturing groups" taking place in 2007. This clearly spells out intent to take this project from the research phase to manufacturing and deployment.
You may wonder, therefore, against whom these weaponized mind control vaccines might be deployed, right? The answer is YOU.
Dispersal via air, water supply, highway vehicles and insects
According to the document linked above, the dispersal of the brain-modifying viral vaccine was tested in six different ways:
Six methods of ... virus dispersal were tested - high altitude release, water supply release, insect transmission, diffusion by a ground level object such as a car, diffusion from a stationary object such as a bottle, and infection of food supply such as cattle or produce.
As you take in the paragraph you just read, consider that now, nearly eight years later, we are witnessing the release of genetically engineered mosquitoes combined with outbreaks of bizarre neurological conditions across U.S. schoolchildren and mysterious health conditions all over the world.
The "high-altitude release" of this mind-altering viral vaccine has no doubt already been achieved through the aerosolized spraying of cities in crisscross patterns of aerosolized dispersal at altitude, often labeled as "chemtrails."
Suicide genes, field testing and future experiments
The same document cited above goes on to summarize a research group meeting that apparently took place on March 21st, 2007, in which the following topics were discussed:
• Proposal for a suicide gene
• Dispersal methods
• Testing efficiency in the field
• Inhibitors that may target a specific population
• Monkey knockdown progress
• Future experiments
Other directives in the document say things like:
"All 600 strains of VSV should be retested on human subjects..."
"Future experiments of VSV287 should allow the subject to breath in the virus rather than being injected with it."
"The use of FunVax could see an immediate effect within the target zones... the results of mass inoculation should be proportionate to the rate of infection. Behavioral indicators ... decrease in armed resistance... increase in communications that express discontent with religion or God."
Fully intended to be deployed against civilian populations
It's clear from the document that this mind-altering, brain-infecting vaccine was intended from the start to be deployed against civilian populations. In fact, the document discusses plans for covertly taking biological samples from dead civilians in order to determine the effectiveness of the aerosolized dispersal effort:
... a blood sample of militant casualties or deceased civilian would provide the most accurate estimate of the rate of vaccination... biological samples from living subjects may be covertly taken... the tests that should be repeated using the VSV287 are high atmospheric tests...
An airborne virus would be the preferred route of infection. A strain named VSV287 has been designed to spread via air... Only human trials can determine VSV287's effect on religiosity and spirituality... high atmospheric dispersal or dispersal by a ground level moving object appears to be the most practical.
The government has a history of using aircraft to disperse vaccines
The air-dropping of vaccines onto large populations isn't new, by the way. As I reported here on Natural News in 2012, the Texas government ai... as part of a government-run scheme to vaccinate wildlife.
Yes, even wild coyotes and rabbits are not safe from the vaccine zealots. No animal on the planet is considered "safe" by health authorities unless it is first infected with a virus or two.
The Dept. of Defense plan is far more elaborate, however, using aerosolized dispersal with high-altitude aircraft or even dumping viral vaccines into the water supplies of large cities. Such an action would be considered an act of domestic terrorism if you or I did it, of course, but when the government proposes it, suddenly it's okay.
Has a mind-altering vaccine already been released over U.S. cities?
All this brings up the obvious question: Has this mind-altering vaccine already been deployed over U.S. cities? It's a legitimate question because the high-altitude deployment of this vaccine against civilian populations was clearly the intent of the program.
A mass "dumbing down" vaccine lobotomy would sure explain a lot of what's going on in America these days, such as how certain people still haven't figured out that every statement uttered by President Obama is a calculated lie. (I can't wait to watch the upcoming theatrical comedy show called the "State of the Union Address.")
I've also been wondering why we're seeing a wholesale abandonment of morality and ethics across the western world these days, and it's not an outlandish area of inquiry to wonder if entire cities of people have been intentionally exposed to a virus that infects their brains just as described by the scientist in the video above.
I know, it sounds like the actions of a Batman movie villain, but then again we already know the vaccine industry is largely staffed by mad scientists with villainous intent. Remember, this is the same group of disreputable scientists who knowingly committed scientific fraud by covering up the confession of a CDC scientist who admitted the agency manipulated data to eliminate any apparent link between vaccines and autism. It's no stretch at all to realize these same people would gladly deploy vaccines to dumb people down if that made them more compliant and docile.
The greatest enemy of the vaccine industry is, of course, anyone who can still think for themselves.
We also know that vaccines are being deployed right now to covertly sterilize women using sterilization chemicals secretly mixed into the vaccines themselves.
We also know there's still toxic mercury in flu shots, even though the establishment ridiculously claims flu shots are 100% safe to give to pregnant women, infants, toddlers, senior citizens and everyone else. This is an industry that actually seems to enjoy the power trip of causing widespread health harm, vaccine-induced seizures, comas, autism and even death. Deploying vaccines at high altitude to invisibly fall onto large cities where they are inhaled by millions of people is an almost erotic fantasy come true for these anti-human vaccine zealots who despise life and openly advocate human depopulation.
Can good nutrition protect you from aerosolized vaccine weapons of mass mental destruction?
When I look around America today and witness the total abandonment of rational thought, the criminality of the medical system, the corruption at every level of government and the twisted insanity infecting the minds of the masses, I can only wonder if the population has been covertly but deliberately exposed to something nefarious.
Perhaps some of us are immune -- people like you and I -- while others fall victim to the virus because they live in states of weakened immunity. Perhaps people who eat the most nutritious foods and superfoods have the best defenses against covert vaccine schemes and are therefore the only ones to emerge with their minds and awareness fully intact.
Perhaps we're already five years into a massive war against human consciousness that's being waged every day at every level, from the droning idiots on the cable news networks to the brain-destroying medications dosed out to nearly every person who steps foot in a doctor's office. Combine aerosolized, weaponized vaccines with the mind-numbing effects of fluoride, TV sitcoms, chemical food additives and mass media social engineering and you end up with a nation of sleepwalking zombies who are only capable of obedience, not independent thought.
Through these aerosolized vaccines, in other words, the hilariously-depicted "zombie apocalypse" may already have begun. And perhaps the so-called "mindless masses" are actually just victims of a nefarious, government-run behavioral modification program designed to turn a human breath into an unintended vaccination event. - Learn More Here: http://www.naturalnews.com/048347_aerosolized_vaccines_behavioral_m...
Filed under: Movements
Wind turbines transform moving air currents into clean energy; there isn't much to hate about that, especially when compared to the toxic emissions and high cost of fossil fuels. But wildlife conservation organizations have often expressed concerns that wind farms pose a threat to flying species bird and bat species. Eighty-nine-year-old military veteran Raymond Green decided that there's no reason why clean energy and birds can't coexist, so he designed the Catching Wind Power device, a bladeless wind turbine that promises to harness wind energy without harming our feathered friends.
Green's CWP Compressed Air Enclosed Wind Turbine completely eliminates the three massive blades seen on most wind turbines. Rather than waiting for the wind to turn a blade, Green's device features a patented Inner Compression Cone Technology, which he claims will squeeze and compress the incoming air in order to create more power at the turbine.
“Our design does not have any external moving parts to hit the birds,” writes Green on his website. “Our unit is easy to see so the birds can avoid it, and all moving parts are internal. The blades are mounted behind the windsock and inner compression cone, therefore making them nonaccessible to birds. Also, our turbines make virtually no noise.”
According to Green, his design can be scaled up for commercial power production, or down for residential use. The CWP will soon be tested, improved upon, and manufactured by Sigma Design, so final judgement will have to be reserved for the birds themselves.
+Catching Wind Power
via Treehugger
Some of these cameras are dangerous, experts warn (Picture: Getty Images)
Bikers who wear helmet-mounted cameras are a danger to Britain's roads, an expert has warned.
While most cams are perfectly legal to use, some authorities are now questioning whether that's a good thing for those on two wheels, arguing they can disrupt aerodynamics while also encouraging reckless riding.
Lawyer Paul Breen, Head of Catastrophic and Serious Injury at Cassell Moore, said some types of video cams, particularly those mounted on the side of a helmet, can interfere with a rider's stability, causing buffeting at high speeds and in turn leading to neck fatigue and, ultimately, a potentially deadly loss of concentration.
He said: ‘I'd urge the Government to take a closer look at the law regarding helmet cams. There are many makes and models on the market. Some are “bullet” shaped and sit on the very top of the helmet, making very little difference to the aerodynamics of a helmet.
Advertisement
Advertisement
MORE: Uni students thought this monster rat was a lab experiment gone wrong
Such cameras could pose a danger to the user and other motorists (Picture: GoPro)
‘But others are much more obtrusive – large, rectangular in shape and jutting out to one side. Ask any rider and they'll tell you how the shape of a helmet can make an enormous difference as to how aerodynamic they are. So it doesn't take a genius to see that a prominent camera, plus mounting, could create extra drag.
‘My worry is that this could lead to buffeting. While it may not be noticeable on short rides, it could cause neck fatigue on longer journeys. A tired rider is a distracted one, and a distracted one is an accident waiting to happen.'
Tim Shallcross, Head of Technical Policy at the respected road safety charity Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM) said: ‘The risk with these cameras is in thinking, “oh, I need to get the perfect shot” instead of riding sensibly and concentrating on the road.
Helmetcams and the law in Britain states that a camera can be attached to a helmet using a bracket but cannot be secured by drilling holes in the shell, as that compromises the integrity of the headgear. Peter Atcliffe, a Senior Lecturer in Aerodynamics at The University of Salford, said: ‘There is no doubt that the addition of a camera to a helmet will change the airflow around it. ‘A camera attached to the side of a helmet is more likely to affect a rider than one mounted on top of it because the flow around it will be asymmetric and the balance of its weight will obviously be skewed to the side on which is it attached. ‘In some instances, it could be something that causes a persistent ache in the neck and subsequent tiredness.”
Motorcyclist wears the video cameras and upload footage to YouTube (Picture: Getty)
‘Admittedly, they can become useful when filming accidents. But at the same time we're increasingly seeing on YouTube footage of extremely discourteous driving by helmet-cam wearers. Many of those buying a camera won't think of the aerodynamics of it. But it's a threat to stability.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘And it's a question of speed. The camera on a bicycle causes no problems. When you move to a motorbike that is riding at 70 mph, or more, that's when you get a problem.
‘I'd urge bikers to try the cameras out on safer roads at a number of different speeds to check for any stability issues.
‘And secondly, more importantly, don't put yourself in the position of taking any silly risks simply to upload a good shot to YouTube.
‘There are quite a few instances on the Internet which capture a rider's final moments.
‘The most dangerous form of driving on the roads is on a motorbike – don't add to to the risk with a helmet cam.'
MORE: Russian TV host announces he's HIV positive on live show
The bullet-style cameras are the safest to use, say experts
Professor Peter Bearman is a Professor of Experimental Aerodynamics at Imperial College London said: ‘Theres's the potential for a helmet cam to have a harrowing effect at high speed. At 70 mph the aerodynamic drag force on the camera could be between one and two kilograms, depending on the shape of the frontal area.
‘The other distraction I can think of is a vibration due to a loose or flexible mounting, in which case some kind of aerodynamic buffeting will occur.
‘The rider's sense of balance will be affected by the camera. Meanwhile a camera could become a dangerous projectile if it became detached at high speed.'
Advertisement
But Graeme Hill, a spokesman for the British Motorcyclists Federation, said: “If you look at the figures, nine out of ten motorcycle crashes are caused by other motorists. By obtaining the footage of these crashes, law firms are actually assisted by the helmet cameras, not impeded.
‘This means that despite Cassell Moore's claims, they should be open minded when sending out a warning to motorcyclists on the dangers of helmet cameras.'
The list of aging-associated proteins known to be involved in cancer is growing longer, according to research by investigators at Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center and the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
The new study, published Oct. 17 in Cancer Cell, identifies the protein SIRT2 as a tumor suppressor linked to gender-specific tumor development in mice. Along with two other "sirtuin" proteins previously linked to cancer, the new finding suggests the existence of a rare "family" of tumor suppressors.
Cancer is primarily a disease of aging, with the majority of cancer cases occurring in people over 50. However, the biological processes that underlie this association are not clear.
In the late-1990s, sirtuins were linked to extended lifespan observed in several species maintained on a calorically restricted diet. These nutrient-sensing proteins seemed to defend against aging-related cellular damage.
"The single most important prognostic factor in cancer is increasing age," said Gius, a professor of Radiation Oncology and associate professor of Cancer Biology at Vanderbilt-Ingram. "It seems logical that the genes that play a role in aging -- or perhaps better stated, anti-aging -- would be connected to cancer."
While at the NIH's National Cancer Institute, Gius and colleagues found that when they eliminated SIRT3 -- a sirtuin localized in the mitochondria, the cellular "power plants" -- the mice developed ER/PR positive breast tumors, the most common type of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
In the new study, Gius' lab -- working with senior author Chu-Xia Deng, Ph.D., and colleagues at the NIH's National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases -- investigated the physiological functions of SIRT2 by eliminating the protein in cultured cells and in mice.
They found that SIRT2-deficient mice developed tumors in multiple tissues -- and, strangely, male mice and female mice developed tumors in different tissues. Lack of SIRT2 in female mice led to mammary (breast) tumors, while male mice lacking SIRT2 developed a range of gastrointestinal tumors (in the liver, pancreas, colon and stomach).
"It's kind of a startling observation, that you'd knock a protein out, and you'd get gender-specific tumors, suggesting a physiological connection between gender and the function of sirtuin proteins" Gius said.
From human cancer data, the investigators showed that SIRT2 was also decreased in human cases of breast cancer, gastrointestinal tumors (which were not broken down by gender), and several other cancer types.
While the mechanism underlying the gender-specific tumors was not determined, the researchers did find evidence that SIRT2 acted as a tumor suppressor in cultured cells. Specifically, the protein appeared to regulate an important part of the machinery involved in cell division -- a protein complex called APC/C. Loss of SIRT2 led to "genomic instability," or an abnormal segregation of chromosomes during cell division. While the cells at first showed reduced proliferation, their growth rate gradually increased and the cells showed signs of malignant transformation.
Previous studies indicated that two other members of the sirtuin family -- SIRT1 and SIRT3 -- have tumor suppressor functions. These findings suggest that a third member of this protein family acts as a tumor suppressor.
"You don't normally find families of tumor suppressor genes," Gius said. "They're kind of lone wolves…it's just not common to find a family of (tumor suppressor) genes, especially ones connected to aging."
Because the mammary tumors that develop in female mice appear similar to the most common type of breast cancer (luminal breast cancers), Gius believes these mice could provide a much-needed animal model for that disease.
His group plans to investigate whether SIRT2 is a "driver" of luminal breast cancer and, if so, to use the mice as a model for investigating chemopreventive agents.
"Ultimately, we could possibly identify subgroups of women who might benefit from the agents we validate in mice," he said.
The research was supported by grants from the NIH's National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, the National Cancer Institute, the National Center for Research Resources, and from the Department of Defense.
SILVERTHORNE, CO - JANUARY 1: High Country Healing opens its doors at 10 a.m. for its first day selling recreational marijuana. Bud-tender Joseph Lindsey shows a customer a large bud of Maui. (Photo by Kathryn Scott Osler/The Denver Post via Getty Images)
Looking to get involved in the booming legal weed industry in Colorado, but don't have the resources to open a dispensary yourself? Well then, Denver's first ever job fair for the state's fast-growing cannabis industry might be for you.
Called "CannaSearch" and sponsored by O.penVAPE, a Colorado-based vaporizer pen company, next week's job fair will feature 15 large marijuana-related companies that are hoping to hire new employees for a range of multiple positions, "from budtender to bookkeeper."
For those who are interested, but who may be skittish about the stigma associated with marijuana, Calisa Griffin, a spokeswoman for O.penVAPE, told The Huffington Post that most of the jobs available are mainstream, traditional jobs -- but with a "cannabis twist."
"For example, here at O.penVAPE we are looking for a bookkeeper, customer service representatives and additions to our sales support team," Griffin told HuffPost in an email. "Companies will be looking for copywriters, graphic designers, tour guides, Web developers, and a ton of other mainstream jobs. We also have a few dispensaries coming out that will be looking for budtenders and trimmers so there should be something for every kind of applicant."
Griffin added that she didn't know exactly how many open positions will be available at the job fair, but that each of the 15 companies present will have at least three.
All potential employees must be 21 or older.
What magical powers lay hidden inside the crystal skulls? Who made these enigmatic objects? When were they created and what were these mysterious items used for?
Many questions hover risen about the many crystal skulls which have appeared at different times in the past couple of centuries, and to answer the questions about these enigmatic objects, a series of myths, legends, hypotheses, and theories have been proposed by different researchers as answers. The truth behind them, however, remains far more mysterious than what we are willing to accept.
Perhaps the most famous crystal skull was discovered in 1924 by Anna Mitchell-Hedges Le Guillen, during an expedition to the Mayan ruins of Lubaantum, located in modern-day Belize, while they were searching for the lost city of Atlantis. Anna Mitchell-Hedges has attested that she, her father, and the others on the expedition at the “lost” city of Lubaantun, “were digging in the temple, moving a heavy wall which had fallen on the altar… I came upon the skull buried beneath the altar, but it was some three months later before the jaw was found which was about 25 feet away.”
Made of pure quartz crystal, both the mandible and the skull were created from the same rock. Except for minor anomalies, the skull is anatomically perfect, possibly representing a female skull due to its smaller size of 12.7 cm in height while its weight is around 5 kg. The prisms located at the base as the hand-polished lenses of the eyes are a combination that produces an incredible shine. The skull, which is perfectly carved out of rock crystal, has a high degree of hardness which, according to scientists, is a seven out of ten on the Mohs scale.
In the early 1970s, his mysterious object was studied by an independent restorer by the name of Frank Dorland, who estimated it would have been chiseled in basic form, using diamonds, and then polished to perfection. According to Dorland, the mysterious crystal skulls it at least 12,000 years old.
Years later, the skull was examined in the laboratories of Hewlett-Packard after which Mayan expert and archeologist Norman Hammond studied it, and warned that the holes showed signs of having been made with metal tools.
F.A. Mitchell-Hedges mentioned the crystal skull in the first edition of his autobiography, „Danger My Ally”, describing it as the “Skull of Doom” as “dating back at least 3,600 years, and taking about 150 years to rub down with sand”; the rock crystal, he exaggerated, was “nearly as hard as diamond.”
“It is stated in legend that it was used by a high priest of the Maya to concentrate on and will death. It is said to be the embodiment of all evil; several people who have cynically laughed at it have died, others have been stricken and become seriously ill.”
Experts from the British Museum were among the several experts who analyzed the skull, dating it to the Aztec civilization around 130 to 1400 AD, but according to the natives who traveled with Mitchell-Hedges to Lubaantum reassure that the “skull of destiny” was at least 4000 years old.
There are other crystal skulls that are displayed at the Museum of Mankind in England and at the Trocadero Museum in Paris, France. Those crystal skulls were discovered by members of the Mexican army in the 1890's, also carved out of pure quartz crystal, although not as elaborate as the one discovered by Mitchell-Hedges.
The skulls located at the Museum of mankind is considered a “twin” of the skull discovered by Mitchell-Hedges since they are almost identical except for one detail. The Mitchell-Hedges skull, has a hinged jaw, as in a real skull; while the one displayed in England, has a fixed jaw.
Many authors have many theories. There are some who link the mysterious crystal skulls with traditions and myths from Native Americans while others have linked it to Plato's mythical Atlantis. None of the theories are scientifically supported but continue to attract thousands of people around the world, demonstrating that, whether or not pre-Columbian, and whether or not fitted with magical powers, the enigmatic skulls have an undeniable magnetism that has attracted the curiosity of explorers and researchers alike.
Despite Google's late attempts to compartmentalize its mobile operating system, the open source nature of Android remains one of its biggest strengths. Without it we wouldn't have marvelous projects like CM13 on (relatively) ancient Barnes & Noble hardware, or various Android-powered console emulators, or a hundred million $60 Walgreens tablets crowding Craigslist. (OK, that last one isn't marvelous, but you get my point.) And we wouldn't have Jide's Remix OS, an attempt to create a desktop-style operating system on the bones of Android. Remix is now on its third incarnation, and unlike the original I-Can-Certainly-Believe-It's-Not-A-Surface tablet or the recent and lamentably underpowered "desktop," this one is completely free.
This article isn't a review of the PC live boot version of Remix, because it's still labeled as an alpha-status project by Jide. And indeed, it's missing a few things at the moment, most notably a method for permanent installation and compatibility with the Google Play Store. Still, between the current software package and the more finished build in the mobile-powered desktop gadget, I can see a lot of promise in Remix. It could certainly be a viable alternative to the inexpensive "Chromebox" desktop machines currently on sale, or a cheap way to revitalize an older laptop that can't run the latest version of Windows.
Is Remix a substitute for a fully-fledged desktop OS? Definitely not... but then the big three desktop operating systems, Windows, OS X, and Linux, have been in continuous development for decades. With that in mind, Jide has made some remarkable progress, and I can't wait to see what they have waiting in the wings.
Setup
If you've read my review of the Remix Desktop, you can skip a lot of the following. The live boot version of Remix OS is essentially the same software, except that 1) it includes a ton of generic drivers so that it works out of the box on most Intel and AMD-powered laptops and desktops, and 2) it doesn't include access to the Google Play Store. I'm assuming the latter is missing because this is non-final software, and given the cost and time investment, Jide doesn't want to add that piece of the puzzle until they're good and ready.
That being said, the live boot version of Remix solves the only major problem I had with the Remix Desktop: a woeful lack of hardware power. That gadget was based on some incredibly cheap mobile hardware, with an off-brand processor and very little RAM for what was trying to be accomplished. But the live boot version runs on whatever desktop or laptop you happen to have handy, which in my case, is a nearly-new Thinkpad with a Core i5 processor and 12GB of RAM. To be honest, that's ridiculous overkill to run a comparatively tiny x86 version of Android.
Getting Remix ready to run is fairly simple: all you need is a Windows or Mac machine and a flash drive with at least 8GB of storage. Jide recommends a USB 3.0 model (and a compatible desktop or laptop to run it on), and I've done so for the purposes of this hands-on, though early users say the experience is just fine with 2.0 speeds. Run the setup utility to install Remix to the flash drive, then when you're done, reboot on the same machine or any other and select the flash drive as a bootable device. Remix will start right up.
Remix is rough in the pre-boot environment, looking rather like someone tried to bolt a GUI onto DOS. But it's not all that important: all you need to do is select whether you'll run it in a demo mode or as a "Resident," a permanent user with apps and settings saved directly to the flash drive. Once that's over you need to wait several minutes for Remix to load.
Using Remix
Once it gets started, you're off to the races. The interface is more or less identical to the Remix Desktop: it's a sort of minimalist version of latter Windows designs (and pretty similar to Chrome OS as well), with a Start button, taskbar, notification area, and a desktop for app shortcuts and anything else you want to throw on there.
Considering how relatively rigid AOSP is with its dedication to a full-screen operating system, Remix's implementation of a windowing system is incredibly impressive. It works exactly as you would expect it to: minimize, maximize, resize, and move them around just like you're accustomed to on Windows or OS X. Likewise, the Start button, tool bar, and notification area all familiar - the slide-out notification bar even includes some quick settings options, like Windows 10. Unless you get frustrated by modern desktops on a daily basis, there's nothing in Remix that will present a challenge to you.
Granted, that's because at present, Remix OS is tiny and unsophisticated compared to other desktop operating systems. It's still Android, even with a desktop and a windowing system - the Settings interface, for example, is basically unchanged. But the extra power from desktop hardware makes it so much more friendly to use that even given its barebones nature, I'm inclined to be well-disposed towards it.
Regular desktop users will feel right at home quickly. Keyboard shortcuts mostly carry over from Windows, and are enabled in apps that support them, like Chrome. Even the Print Screen button on my keyboard was bound to Remix's custom screenshot tool. Creature comforts such as custom wallpaper and auto-arranging icons are available on the desktop, though you're stuck with the default resolution of your screen or video adapter.
What's missing
The biggest omission at the moment is Google Play Store compatibility. I was able to add Chrome, Airdroid, and a few games to play from APK Mirror (which, though I'm just a tiny bit biased, is the the best repository for free, legal apps on the web). But without access to Google Play Services, more complex apps like Gmail or Docs simply won't work. Eventually this should get ironed out - the Remix tablet and Remix Desktop both include Play Store access. This means you'll have to settle for web versions (and in most cases, mobile web versions) of vital Google apps.
The universal drivers that allow Remix to operate on a wide variety of hardware aren't quite as universal as they need to be. While the big stuff like video, audio, and Wi-Fi worked on my laptop with no problems, for some reason the touchpad was wonky, unable to register right-clicks (Remix's version of a long-press, and fairly consistent in the UI) and a bit too precise for reliable link clicking. So I paired up my Bluetooth mouse... only to find that Bluetooth is finicky too, only connecting about half the time. Anyone who's spent time with pre-assembled "user-friendly" versions of Linux will be familiar with this phenomenon. Trying Remix on different computers with different components will probably result in different problems.
Again, I emphasize that this software is being presented as an alpha, so these sorts of things are to be expected, and will probably improve over time. This build is based on Android 5.1.1.
What's coming
At the moment, the limitations on Remix are too great to make it a viable alternative to a low-power Linux build or a Chromebox. But that might be changing, and changing soon. Considering the improvements that Jide has been able to make in a relatively short time, it wouldn't surprise me if the live boot version of Remix for PCs was ready by the end of the year, complete with a permanent installation and/or dual boot option. The prospects of this desktop-tuned version of Android and relatively powerful hardware are exciting, to say the least. A more finished version of Remix would make an excellent pair with something like the x86-powered "PC sticks" that have become popular lately.
Right now Remix is a curiosity, something for Android enthusiasts and developers to try out. And to Jide's credit, they aren't claiming anything more than that at present. But give it some time, and we might see something quite special come out of this project... especially if developers begin to create true desktop programs for Android in the hopes that they're used on Remix. The fact that Jide plans to license its version of Android for free doesn't hurt in that regard.
So what's the difference between presidential candidates Rand Paul and Ted Cruz?
Ted Cruz is running against Barack Obama. Rand Paul is running against Hillary Clinton. One represents the past. The other represents the future.
Both men are U.S. Senators running for president in 2016. Rand Paul is from Kentucky, Ted Cruz is from Texas. (Rand Paul is expected to announce on April 7, 2015.)
Both men are conservatives whose careers were launched during the rise of the Tea Party. Both are born again Christians. And both signed the controversial Senate letter supporting Israel. So if they have the same base of support, what's the difference?
Rand Paul excites that base and motivates them to action. Ted Cruz has all but given up on that base and is focusing exclusively and only on born again Christians. He is betting that he will take that vote, and only that vote, and win it all. It is a high stakes gamble that counts on driving out of the way born again Christians such as Rick Perry, Mike Huckabee, Marco Rubio and yes even Rand Paul.
Bottom line, Rand Paul can win a national election. Ted Cruz cannot. Early polling bears that out. Polls can be fickle and don't always reflect reality this far in advance but most polls show only Rand Paul close to Hillary Clinton in any of the battleground states. Not Bush, Christie, Rubio, Perry, Huckabee and not Cruz.
There is more bad news. Ted Cruz, like Rand Paul, once championed the cause of the growing Libertarian wing of the GOP, taking on the corruption of the free enterprise system with its corporate welfare and calling for an audit of the Federal Reserve. Now Libertarians charge that after arriving in the U.S. Senate Ted Cruz sold out fast and cheaply. It seems that his wife was hired by Goldman Sachs. It is the banking firm that has become the poster child for insider, establishment, power. Goldman Sachs was the major donor to both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney in the last election.
The day after announcing for president, Ted Cruz openly attacked Goldman Sachs and said his wife would take a leave of absence from her job to help on his campaign but the damage was done. Whatever hope Ted Cruz had to lead the Libertarian Wing of the Republican Party is now dead. “Mrs. Cruz,” a Libertarian leader told me, “Is the Claire Underwood of this campaign cycle.” She will leave behind Hillary Clinton's son-in-law who works for the same Goldman Sachs firm.
Meanwhile, the Ted Cruz announcement brought fierce reaction from Hispanics who see the Senator as having betrayed his own roots. “His family got their freedom,” said one Hispanic evangelical leader, “Now they want everybody else to do it strictly by the book.”
Rand Paul has real, organic support from the young, from Hispanics from African Americans and from Liberal Democrats. The latter care about civil liberties. African Americans care about Rand Paul's criminal justice reform. Many Hispanics who support Paul care about insiders gaming the system and the loss of the American dream for the new American. Under both Democrat and Republican presidents the poor continue to get poorer and the rich richer. The young now see “free markets” as “fixed” by advantages created by powerful lobbies. The young care about a free Internet and Rand Paul has become the guardian of the Internet.
The Ted Cruz presidential launch at Liberty University last Monday may have been a metaphor for the coming campaign. Cruz, who cannot attract the crowds of a Rand Paul, choose the only forum that could guarantee a large audience, a university convocation with mandatory student attendance. Nevertheless, sitting very visibly behind the Senator, in their red shirts declaring, “Stand with Rand”, were quietly defiant students. They were not rude like the Libertarians one sometimes sees online. They represent the new Christian Liberty Movement. This week RandPac will mail out thousands of their videos with Senator Rand Paul's born again testimony.
The Cruz machine was careful to point to spectacular fund raising after his event. It was a calculated attempt to shore up a very real weakness. “Evangelical only” candidates cannot raise money. Ask Mike Huckabee. Christian leaders will give verbal support but they need their people's money for their own projects. Sorry. Meanwhile, Rand Paul with his diverse, motivated base will have money and a ground game.
The message is clear for Ted Cruz. His path is fatally blocked by those young people in the red shirts standing before him. They can be made to hear him speak but they will get to vote the way they want.
Here is the video produced by the American Liberty Association, going out this week.
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
More
Twitter
Reddit
Google
Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Three Jewish youths were arrested on Saturday after they were caught vandalizing the Beersheba War Cemetery in southern Israel, police said.
A passerby reported to police that the three — two minors aged 14 and 17, and another man aged 18 — were causing damage to tombstones in the graveyard, known locally as the Australian cemetery.
Police arrested the three, and took them to a nearby station for questioning. Pictures released by the police showed several headstones that had been toppled.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
A police statement noted that the three suspects were Jewish, and that the cemetery served Christians, but did not indicate whether the incident was religiously motivated or not.
There are more than 1,200 Commonwealth serviceman buried there who fought with General Edmund Allenby when he captured the Holy Land from the Turks toward the end of World War I; 67 of them are unidentified.
The cemetery was founded after the city in the Negev Desert was captured by the 4th Australian Light Horse Brigade who charged over the Turkish trenches into Beersheba.
With no clear Super Bowl favorite emerging so far, much has been made about this NFL season being the ultimate in parity. That neck-and-neck competition also extends to the number of head coaches whose miscues have them vying for the hot seat.
Considering it's only midseason, have we ever had this many in trouble at the halfway mark? The potential body count:
That Wade Phillips now faces the challenge of back-to-back road games against Green Bay and the Giants is simply cruel and unusual punishment.
Mike Shanahan took the biggest credibility hit of his career Sunday when he surmised that Rex Grossman -- yes, Rex Grossman! -- would be better at running a two-minute drill than future Hall of Famer Donovan McNabb. Perhaps he'd also like to sub in Albert Haynesworth at flanker.
Josh McDaniels got Denver off to a 6-0 start last year, but since has gone 4-14, and suddenly looks way too young for the job.
The 0-7 Buffalo Bills are firmly entrenched as the new Detroit Lions after Chan Gailey's defense gave up an average of 6.1 yards every time the Chiefs ran yesterday.
Brad Childress' bad goal-line decision Sunday has him in trouble, but his bigger problem is that there's a zoo-like atmosphere in Minnesota. Maybe he should follow Randy Moss' lead, and only answer questions he asks.
A Charlotte Observer poll still shows surprisingly strong support for letting John Fox finish the season with the Panthers, but 1-6 Carolina has scored only eight touchdowns in seven games. Calvin Johnson and Hakeem Nicks have that many apiece, all by themselves.
There are 7,420 results when one does a Google search on "Mike Singletary" and "head explode," because that's the widespread anticipation of the 49ers coach's ultimate fate, despite Sunday's victory against the woeful Broncos.
And Eric Mangini has had his best two-week run since coming to Cleveland, following up the upset of New Orleans with the safety of a bye week. But the hiatus from his doomsday march will resume Sunday, when the Patriots come to town.
Here's what else is on my lunchtime plate Monday:
. . . Shaquille O'Neal in drag just might be the ultimate blind-date nightmare. And seeing him lip sync a Beyonce tune while showing his feminine side on Halloween only made it worse. Thanks to Larry Brown Sports for ruining my day.
. . . Here's a picture of what Kim Kardashian wore for Halloween, just because.
. . . I love the story about the 7-year-old kid who showed up at the World Series, looking like Ron Washington's dead-on twin. But I wish someone would have asked the youngster whether he would have done the obvious, and started Cliff Lee in Game 4.
. . . Isn't it just a little bit amazing that everyone in Dallas is ready to turn Wade Phillips into compost, but hardly anybody asks the question of whether Jerry Jones should continue as his own GM?
. . . The confusion about who owns the ball the Roger Maris hit for his 60th home run in 1961 is just one more reason to invest your money in something other than sports memorabilia.
. . . The third generation of Mannings is on the way to the NFL, now that Eli's wife is pregnant.
. . . A-Rod's arm candy on The Strip recently was a woman who writes an "adult entertainment column," according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal.
. . . There's a good collection of jocks' Halloween photos at Ehrl the Pearl, including Dwyane Wade painted up in white face, and Rajon Rondo doing a fine Tiger Woods imitation.
. . . Good line from Brad Dickson of the Omaha World-Herald, after Nebraska's Roy Helu ran for a school-record 307 yards rushing against Missouri: "Helu covered so much ground he's been awarded a letter in cross-country."
. . . And an even better line from Charles Barkley, admonishing those who doubted Kevin Durant because he could only bench press 135 pounds: "A basketball is not very heavy."
-- Tom Weir
