Fannie Mae reported today that the Single-Family Serious Delinquency rate declined in July to 2.00% from 2.05% in June. The serious delinquency rate is down from 2.70% in July 2013, and this is the lowest level since October 2008.
The Fannie Mae serious delinquency rate peaked in February 2010 at 5.59%.
Earlier this week, Freddie Mac reported that the Single-Family serious delinquency rate declined in July to 2.02% from 2.07% in June. Freddie's rate is down from 2.70% in July 2013, and is at the lowest level since January 2009. Freddie's serious delinquency rate peaked in February 2010 at 4.20%.
Both Fannie and Freddie's serious delinquency rates will probably be below 2% in August.
Note: These are mortgage loans that are "three monthly payments or more past due or in foreclosure".
Click on graph for larger image
The Fannie Mae serious delinquency rate has fallen 0.70 percentage points over the last year, and at that pace the serious delinquency rate will be under 1% in early 2016.
Note: The "normal" serious delinquency rate is under 1%.
Maybe serious delinquencies will be close to normal in 2016.
The Cracked Podcast #65
When your favorite sitcom characters take their obligatory once-a-series trip to Vegas, unless that specific episode is about how Chandler loses it all on black, or Kramer comes up with a scheme to count cards, we never see them face the mundane consequences of taking an expensive vacation: eating ramen for a few months, missing the trip back home for Thanksgiving, putting off the wisdom tooth surgery.
Movies get money wrong too. Why does every post-apocalypse just look like a dirty Los Angeles when the present-day hovels in India, China, and Brazil seem much worse?
This week on the podcast, editor-in-chief Jack O'Brien is joined (in-studio!) by editors Kristi Harrison, and Jason Pargin (aka David Wong) to discuss how TV and movies have completely shattered our expectations when it comes to how money actually works.
.
I read the behind-the-scenes Edmunds series. I studied specs and reviews of dozens of cars. I talked to friends who drive my top candidates. I knew my budget. I knew what general features I most wanted (leather), what was optional (moonroof -- sigh.) and what I'd skip (spoilers, GPS).
I was ready.
Except for one thing.
Which car did I most want??
Which really translated into: WHO AM I??
For some people a car is wheels and a seat. They think it says nothing about them.
I say, that says something about them.
I'm the kind of person who gleans meaning from a hairstyle, the kind of cocktail someone orders, a person's ringtone or lack of one.
So am I a mid-career professional looking to impress someone, anyone, with her ride? For a while I started to think so, but then I realized there's no one to impress but myself (and my pocketbook), since I don't usually do business with image conscious types. Forget that.
Am a mother (not yet, but buying a car with that in mind) looking for a roomy backseat and a quiet cabin, perfect for sleeping triplets? (Hey, gotta be ready for anything!)
Or am I an ambitious young professional looking to maximize gas mileage, zip through traffic in a cute little thing and be comfortable along the way?
Do I love to pass people on the highway? A little too much.
Would I be comfortable driving something boring safe and slow, in exchange for a roomy interior and cruise control? Er, maybe!?
So there it was, an identity crisis -- sporty, stately, kid friendly, city friendly, all or none of the above?
Mr. A tried to help. He knows a ton about cars, and he knows a ton about me. :) He drives a Civic and has been very pleased with it. I asked him to help me narrow down which of the following cars packs the best balance of sexy features, comfortable drive, affordability and a solid repair track record.
Recap:
Me: What do you think between the Mazda 3 or 6, the Hyundai Elantra, a VW, a Toyota, a Volvo, another Nissan, or, what else?
Him: How about a Honda Civic?
Me: I tried one and didn't really like it. It was a 2012 model, and those are getting bad reviews.
Him: How about a 2011?
Me: No, I want something... different. More energetic, more alive.
Him: Like a Civic? It's super reliable. You'll never see them on the side of the road.
Me: I think I'm leaning toward the Elantra.
Him: Why don't you test drive a 2011 Civic and we'll go from there?
Me: Thanks, darling! I think we narrowed it down!
Next step: Unleashing the internet negotiation elves.
A bipartisan bill has been introduced that would streamline the deployment of broadband infrastructure in areas that had already been "subjected" to historical or environmental reviews, including by preempting FCC reviews.
The idea is to speed rights-of-way grants and avoid duplicative reviews to pave the way for next-gen broadband, like 5G, say sponsors Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) and Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.) of the appropriately named Streamlining Permitting to Enable Efficient Deployment of Broadband Infrastructure Act of 2017 (SPEED Act), S. 1988.
Specifically, the bill would:
"Exempt telecommunications infrastructure from environmental and historic reviews by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and other federal agencies in a public ROW if previously installed telecommunications infrastructure has already undergone environmental and historic reviews for the same public ROW. Any provider exempted from these reviews must still comply with the National Environmental Policy Act and the National Historic Preservation Act;
"Exempt the deployment of small cells from environmental and historical reviews only if 1) they are being deployed in a public ROW and are not higher than an existing structure in the public ROW; and 2) they are serving as a replacement for an existing small cell and they are the same or substantially similar to the small cell that is being replaced;
"Exempt the deployment of wireless services (e.g. voice, video, or data) from environmental and historical reviews if 1) they are located in an existing public ROW and 2) adhere to tower height and guy wire requirements;
"Direct the Government Accountability Office to develop a report analyzing how to increase the efficiency of deploying broadband infrastructure to federal lands; and
"Direct the FCC's Streamlining Federal Siting Working Group to submit a report to Congress on its preliminary findings and recommendations for accelerating the deployment of high-speed Internet access to federal lands across the United States. "
“New advances in telehealth, online education, precision agriculture, and other internet applications demand faster, better broadband connections," said Wicker. "It is time for the federal government to recognize the realities of a modern digital economy and accommodate the needs of American consumers.”
Related: Senate Broadband Bill Is Right (of) Way to Go
FCC chairman Ajit Pai has launched a pair of proceedings seeking input on how to speed wired and wireless deployment, including by easing rights of way and tower-siting issues and vetting the impact from delays due to environmental and historical impact studies.
"“The introduction of the SPEED Act by Senators Roger Wicker and Catherine Cortez Masto is a major step forward in the ongoing effort to fix broken federal regulations impacting next-generation wireless deployment," said Sprint. "By modernizing the outdated process inhibiting 5G deployment, this bipartisan legislation will enable better customer wireless experiences while spurring economic growth. We are committed to this legislation's success and look forward to working with Congress to have the SPEED Act become law.”
“We applaud Senators Wicker and Cortez Masto for their bipartisan leadership in introducing the SPEED Act," said Kelly Cole, SVP for CTIA, the wireless trade association. "This legislation will streamline the federal regulatory review process for wireless infrastructure and pave the way for significant investment in next-generation 5G wireless. Quick passage of this legislation will improve access to jobs, education and healthcare for Americans in rural and urban communities in Mississippi and Nevada, and across the country.”
“AT&T greatly appreciates the efforts of Senators Wicker and Cortez Masto to help facilitate the deployment of broadband infrastructure," said AT&T EVP Tim McKone. "The SPEED Act, which aims to streamline the permitting process on public rights-of-way, will go a long way in removing unnecessary and burdensome hurdles to broadband deployment. We look forward to working with the Senators and their staffs as this important legislation moves through the Committee.”
"Infrastructure is the backbone of mobile networks, and there is no question the current process for deploying mobile broadband is rife with bureaucratic roadblocks and confusing requirements," said Competitive Carriers Association President Steven K. Berry. "A more streamline process will greatly help speed the process of bringing critical mobile broadband services to areas still in-need, for the benefit of consumers and the economy. This legislation is especially important for smaller competitive carriers with limited resources and personnel.”
Here is a summary of the Brooklyn haredi community's attempts to deal with alleged serial child molester Rabbi Yehuda Kolko. Haredi leaders were unable to deal with Rabbi Kolko and, at the same time, refused to turn him over to police. The end result was almost 40 years of child molestation.
Posts on alleged haredi child rapist Avrohom Mondrowitz are here. Mondrowitz fled the US for Israel at the urging of haredi leaders as he was being indicted for raping young boys. He lived safely in Jerusalem for over 20 years, under the protection of the Ger hasidic community and its rebbes, the latest of whom, Rabbi Ya'akov Aryeh Alter, is pictured at right.
At this writing, there are over almost 700 hundred posts on religious criminals on this index page. It is quite large and may take a few minutes to completely load. The posts are chronological, newest at the top of the page, oldest at the bottom.
For those wondering why I focus so heavily on Orthodox crime, please read this.
Advertisement
She became a household name after starring in the Bravo reality show The Real Housewives Of Atlanta.
And Phaedra Parks is currently in the midst of selling her mansion in Atlanta, Georgia for $1.195 million, according to TMZ.
The reality star's French Provincial home, which she bought four years ago for $845,000, is 4,453 square feet.
Looks like a palace: Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks is currently in the midst of selling her mansion in Atlanta, Georgia for $1.195 million, according to TMZ
Phaedra, 44, previously put the stunning property on sale for $1.499 million in July.
TMZ reports that the TV star is not moving out of Atlanta - she has a second home in the city.
The mansion, which features a grand driveway with a black and white exterior aesthetic, has four bedrooms.
Phaedra's stunning house has four full baths and two half baths; the mansion was built in 1988 and sits on .68 acres of land.
businesswoman: The reality star's French style home, which she bought four years ago for $845,000, is 4,453 square feet
Amenities of Phaedra's luxury property included two fireplaces, a pool, vaulted ceilings, a library, two-car garages and walk in closets.
The outdoor pool features a long design, running across the center of the backyard; there's also an outdoor bar overlooking the pool as well, along with a lounge area.
Stepping into the property from the front door takes you to a breathtaking foyer with the library directly on the left; the library includes built-in in shelves and a fireplace.
Olympic sized: The outdoor pool features a long design, running across the center of the backyard
Views: There's also an outdoor bar overlooking the pool as well, along with a lounge area
Nice place to be: Amenities of Phaedra's luxury property included two fireplaces, a pool, vaulted ceilings, a library and walk in closets
Incredible: The home has a large area besides the pool - perfect for people who love outdoor living space
Wow: Stepping into the property from the front door takes you to a breathtaking foyer with the library directly on the left
Time to work: The home's library includes built-in in shelves, a wet bar and a fireplace
The black and white theme of the exterior of the home continues inside, with the molding and cabinets in the same tones.
The kitchen includes stainless steel appliances with French Country style cabinets; in the center there is a large island with dark stained cabinets and the stove.
The large kitchen includes gorgeous dark colored granite throughout and a huge bay window overlooking the backyard.
Time for a meal: The black and white theme of the exterior of the home continued inside, with the molding and cabinets in the same tones
Paradise: The kitchen includes stainless steel appliances with French Country style cabinets; in the center there is a large island with dark stained cabinets and the stove
Relaxing: The large kitchen includes gorgeous dark colored granite throughout and a huge bay window overlooking the backyard
Now that's quite the kitchen! The expansive room had lots of natural light with hardwood floors and one accent wall featuring patterned wallpaper
What a set up: The kitchen also a mini bar area along one side of the island
The central point of the downstairs area is the living room, which has vaulted ceilings and an open concept; the upstairs hallway has full view of the family area.
The living room features unique vintage inspired lights with multiple French doors to lead you outside to the covered veranda.
There's also wood accents throughout, in the form of built-in book shelves with a fireplace in between.
Stylish: The central point of the downstairs area is the living room, which has vaulted ceilings and an open concept; the upstairs hallway has full view of the family area
Home sweet home: There's also wood accents throughout, in the form of built-in book shelves with a fireplace in between
Quite inviting: The vintage inspired lights provide character to the spacious living room
Phaedra styled the family room with a white couch, adding a leopard print throw and textured neutral pillows
The dining room, which has a cream and white patterned wallpaper, also has lights along the ceiling, paneling and a extravagant chandelier as the center point.
A large white and wood toned table with matching chairs sits in the middle on top of a two-tone rug.
The master bedroom is on the ground floor with access to pool and veranda; it also has large window vaulted ceilings and colored walls.
Its bathroom includes granite counter tops with a garden tub, custom cabinets and a large vanity area.
Meal time: The dining room, which has a cream and white patterned wallpaper, also has lights along the ceiling, paneling and a extravagant chandelier as the center point
Breathtaking: The master bathroom includes granite counter tops with a garden tub, custom cabinets and a large vanity area
The wallpapered master bathroom had plenty of storage with a large bathroom and bathtub
Since the master suite is located on the first floor of the property, you have access through the bathroom to the pool area
Fancy: The master bedroom is on the ground floor with access to pool and veranda
A place to rest your head: The master bedroom had large window vaulted ceilings and colored walls
And another one: A second bedroom had plush carpeted floors while the master had hardwood
Vatican/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
Arguments around creation and evolution sometimes seem too similar to "Which came first? The chicken or the egg?"
Science and religion get placed on either side of a spectrum, with a section in the middle for those who'd like to hedge their bets.
On Monday, the pope outlined his belief with respect to God and evolution. Speaking to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, Pope Francis insisted that there was no reason to believe that God and evolution were somehow incompatible.
It's just, he suggested, that God came first.
He said, according to Breitbart's translation: "Evolution requires the creation of beings that evolve." Though God is, he said, no wizard, he's still at the heart of all things, because he's the creator of all things.
The pope explained that God "created beings and let them develop in accordance with the internal laws that He has given to each one, so that they could arrive at their fulfillment," according to the translation.
The pope's views differ radically from those of some eminent scientists, such as Stephen Hawking. Hawking recently made it clear that he dismisses the idea of God. He said: "Before we understand science, it is natural to believe that God created the universe. But now science offers a more convincing explanation."
He added: "Religion believes in miracles, but these aren't compatible with science."
The pope clearly does believe in miracles, as well as anointing recently deceased popes as saints.
The Catholic Church has long accepted evolution as a valid theory. However, at the heart of its doctrine is the idea that the human soul was created only by God.
One day, perhaps, one side will be proved right. Perhaps.
Hygiene supplies are an essential part of good health and comfortable living. However, hygienic care is often the most overlooked prep. Many may remember to get some extra rolls of toilet paper and a few tubes of toothpaste but what else should you include in your hygiene preps? Below are three different types of DIY Hygiene Kits and a checklist of ideas on what hygienic items to stock up on.
Humanitarian Hygiene Kit
Hygiene kits are such a necessary need that thousands are being shipped to Syrian refugees from many charitable organizations such as Giving Children Hope, Mennonite Central, UNPD, and Heart to Heart. Each humanitarian hygiene kit is a little different but they all have similar list:
toothbrush, toothpaste, towel, soap, nail clippers, comb
This list is pretty basic which is worth considering when you are thinking about what you may want in your DIY hygiene kit. Keeping to the basic essentials can keep the weight and bulk limited which allows extra room for other important items in a bug out bag like food, water, and other essential items. We can learn a lot as we pay attention to the plight of the Syrian refugees.
Hygiene preps can vary widely based on what you are prepping for. For my bug out bag, I want the basics that will get me by for several days or weeks in any emergency situation. My mindset for my home emergency supplies is to gather 3 to 6 months worth of supplies in case retail shopping is no longer an option and in the event of a long term power outage.
Below is a list of the hygiene items I keep in my bug out bag and further down the page is a list of my home hygiene preps to help provide you with ideas to add to your emergency preparedness supplies.
DIY Hygiene Kit s
Microfiber Towel 20″x 40″- Brand: McNett Tactical Toilet Paper – Brand: Coleman Hand Sanitizer – Brand: Purell Comb Q-tips Wet Ones Microfiber Washcloth Pocket Soap Leafs- Brand: Sea to Summit Trek Nail Clippers Chap-stick Toothbrush Toothpaste Hair ties Mirror – Brand: Coleman Carrying case (came with the microfiber towel)
DIY Hygiene Kit dimensions:7″ x 10″ and weighs 1.1 lbs
Extra items for the ladies:
16. Sanitary Pads
17. Pee Pocket (Great product! See video here)
Home Hygiene Preps
Baby Wipes Barber Comb & Scissors Chap-stick Cotton Swabs Dental Kit Deodorant
Garbage Bags Hairbrush, Comb & Hair-ties Hair Shampoo & Conditioner Hand Sanitizer Lime Oil (removes grease, sap & soot) Lotion Nail Clippers Off-grid Toilet Sanitary Pads (disposible & reuseable Soap – Bar Soap / Body Wash Soap – Antibacterial Hand Soap Soap – Laundry Detergent Straight Razor & Sharpener Toilet Paper Toothbrushes Toothpaste Tweezers
Printable Hygiene Preps List
There are so many ways we can learn from each other. One way is by serving those in need. As you consider the items you want in an emergency situation please remember those that are currently living in great need. We all have a unique power within us that we can contribute to this world whether it be our time, resources, talents, or voice. Use that unique power to expand generosity, kindness, and hope in this world.
Below is the story of a man that was a refugee more than once.
Thanks for visiting the Preppers Survive website. If you enjoyed this article, please share it on your favorite social media, subscribe to receive upcoming articles, and vote for this site here.
Other Articles You May Be Interested In:
Want To Be MORE Prepared? Sign up to join Preppers Survive's community. You'll receive preparedness checklists, chances to win FREE prepper gear, and our weekly newsletter.
After you submit your email below, check your inbox for your first checklist! Submit
CLOSE This week in the wrap-up: desperado come to your senses, no thanks I'd rather freeze and too bad it wasn't a rabid rabbit. Ted Czech and Sean Heisey, York Daily Record
Karen Elaine Harrelson, 52, of the first block of First Avenue, Red Lion, faces two counts of simple assault, police say
Christmas tree (Photo: Chagin, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
A woman allegedly picked up a Christmas tree and threw it at another woman during a Christmas Day fight in Red Lion, according to police.
Karen Elaine Harrelson, 52, of the first block of First Avenue, Red Lion, faces two counts of simple assault and one count of terroristic threats.
READ: 11 stand-out crime stories from 2016
Pennsylvania State Police were called to Harrelson's home at 3:03 p.m. on Sunday for a domestic disturbance. Once there, a trooper met Harrelson, who told him there had been a fight at the home involving family members, court documents state.
The trooper smelled alcohol coming from Harrelson's breath and noticed that she was slurring her words and could not articulate clearly while speaking, documents state.
The trooper then spoke with Harrelson's daughter, Kristin Nichole Atkins, who said she was in contact with the victim, Kayla Renee Still. The trooper then asked Atkins to have Still return to the home.
READ: Cookie sheet used in domestic disturbance, police say
"Atkins further related Harrelson has a known history of violence and when Harrelson says she is going to do something she follows through with it," documents state.
According to online court dockets, Harrelson pleaded guilty to simple assault in 2013, stemming from an arrest earlier that year in West Manchester Township.
Still returned to the home about 4 p.m. and told police that earlier that day, she told Harrelson not to light a cigarette inside the house because her cousin was 7 months pregnant.
Harrelson grew enraged when Still insisted she go outside with the cigarette, calling her names and threatening to "whoop her (back side)," documents state. "Still continued (saying) Harrelson then picked up her grandmother's Christmas tree and approached her in an aggressive manner and threw the tree at her and that's when they fell onto the couch."
No details were available on the size or nature of the tree.
READ: Man held in butter knife stabbing at local diner.
Once on the couch, Harrelson grabbed Still's hair and began pulling it, not letting go, documents state. Still then punched Harrelson in the face twice to get her to let go. Another person, Daniel Jesus Colcazo, tried to restrain Harrelson so that Still could escape.
Police did not say if, or how, Harrelson, Still and Colcazo are related. Harrelson, who posted $15,000 bail, could not be reached for comment.
Contact reporter Ted Czech at 717-771-2033.
Read or Share this story: http://on-ydr.co/2hnGYnh
MADRID, SPAIN—Stunning revelations have emerged from the Madrid camp this morning highlighting a ‘serious altercation' between Zidane and Ronaldo immediately following their embarrassing defeat to Barcelona in El Clásico.
Ronaldo, upset by the manager's tactics, allegedly called Zidane a ‘bald fraud' in front of everyone in the dressing room.
The manager reportedly fired back by attacking Ronaldo's recent individual success. “That's funny, coming from the ‘best player in history'. Where were you today?”
Marcelo, an eye-witness to the entire incident, claimed Ronaldo's face was ‘indistinguishable from a tomato' after Zidane's ruthless response.
Then, after a brief moment of silence, Ronaldo stood up and went face to face with Zidane, and proclaimed, “you're done, you hear me?! ZI-DONE!”
“At this point, there was only one outcome” said Marcelo, as he burst into tears. “Zidane headbutted Ronaldo like it was a World Cup final – he never stood a chance.”
But that wasn't all. Before leaving, Zidane made sure everyone understood the consequences of disrespecting the manager. “One man's joke is another man's deadly weapon.”
President Trump reveals his thoughts on the border wall, torture and how the media covered his inauguration day.
For his first network interview since entering the Oval Office, President Trump sat down with David Muir to discuss his stance on immigration, torture, voter fraud and, of course, his planned border wall.
During the interview, which aired Wednesday night on ABC, Trump revealed that his campaign promise that he would build a wall "and Mexico will pay for it" isn't completely straightforward. Though U.S. taxpayers will be responsible for financing it at first, he explained, "we will be in a form reimbursed by Mexico," assuring Muir that Mexico would pay the U.S. back "100 percent."
On his unsubstantiated claims of voter fraud, he told Muir that he is launching an investigation to determine if there was voter fraud in the U.S. election, specifically if there were some voters who were "dead, illegal and [registered in] two states, and some cases three states. We have a lot to look into."
He was also direct with the ABC anchor about how his network covered inauguration day: Trump told him that the crowd numbers that he saw "from all of the various sources, we had the biggest audience in the history of inaugural speeches," and the way some networks covered it "demeaned that crowd."
Below are the most revealing moments from Trump's ABC sit-down.
1. Mexico will pay for the wall, eventually. Trump explained that "we will be in a form reimbursed by Mexico" for the planned wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, which will begin construction "as soon as we can." In the end, he promised, "that wall will cost us nothing."
2. Torture "absolutely" works. "I want to keep our country safe," Trump stressed on the topic of torture. "I have spoken to others in intelligence, and they are big believers in waterboarding because they say it does work." Saying that he will go with what his military leaders advise, he added that he isn't opposed to waterboarding. "As far as I'm concerned, we have to fight fire with fire." But in the end: "Do I feel it works? Absolutely I feel it works."
3. On inauguration crowds: Some media outlets "tried to demean me unfairly." "That was some crowd," he told Muir, who asked Trump if he worried about sending the message that crowd size was that important to him, referring to Trump's outrage that the media misrepresented the impact of the day. But Trump responded that when he looked at the numbers that came in "from all of the various sources, we had the biggest audience in the history of inaugural speeches," and the way networks covered the event "demeaned that crowd." They showed up "because they like me, but more importantly like what I'm saying." He even showed Muir a photo that he had framed in the White House of the inauguration crowd: "They loved what I had to say."
4. Of those "fraudulent" votes: "None of 'em come to me." Trump, on his plan to launch an investigation of voter fraud in the U.S. election, assured Muir that the supposed fraud didn't affect the election on his end. "Of those votes cast, none of 'em come to me. They would all be for the other side." Also, he says, he "would have won the popular vote if I was campaigning for the popular vote," which he says he did not. What's important, according to Trump? "Millions of people agree with me."
5. On his CIA speech: Only Fox News covered it correctly. "That speech was a home run," Trump said, but he told Muir that his network (ABC) didn't cover his speech accurately. "I got a standing ovation," he insisted. "You and other networks covered it very inaccurately. I hate to say this to you and you probably won't put it on, but turn on Fox and see how it was covered," he told the anchor, insisting that ABC and other media outlets "tried to downplay that speech, and it was very, very unfortunate."
See a clip from the interview below.
FAQ
1. "Loading painting in game failed/freezes, how can I fix this"This is a problem that occurs for some players when loading any painting (not just those from my Program). Allot of people on the forums and reddit have told me that standing as close to the painting as you can before loading helps to fix this and if it is a dino to whistle it to follow. I've not tried it myself though, since for me when loading paintings the game is a little bit laggy but always finishes.2. "I cannot see my saved painting in game"If you have saved a file but cannot see it listed in game then the name you called your file isn't quite right. The object_name for your file has to be correct, e.g. girlPower_PlayerPawnTest_Female_C.pnt , will be visible with the name "GirlPower" when loading from a female character in game. The easiest way to get the file names is to save a painting in game, even if it is just of a single dot on a dino/sign/billboard, and then replace that painting when you save a file on my program. Alternatively if you've downloaded my program with templates, all of the templates are saved with the correct file names so you can use those as reference.3. "I cannot find my Ark painting/installIf you are having trouble finding your Ark install directory you can bring up steam, find "Ark: Survival Evolved" , Right click properties, at the top in the bar there is "Local files", then a button for "Browse local files". From here you can find the paintings folder inside -- Shootergame, Saved, MyPaintings, if there is no "MyPaintings" folder you can either make one or save a painting in game after using the paintbrush so that the game makes one for you.4. "Will you be making a release for macOS"Currently there are no plans for making a macOS version. All of my current code for the UI and loading / saving paintings uses windows classes. So porting the program is almost the same as re-writing allot of it.5. "Your program crashes when I do X"Then don't do X! ... just kidding, please report anything in the comment section of this guide and I'll try to make a fix whenever needed.6. "Can I use this on multiplayer"Yes, you can use my program to make paints for loading into any multiplayer servers.7. Dyes do not show up very well on my dino / character.Dyes right now are a little bit too transparent, dyes will show up allot better on darker dino's / player models. In ARK Digest 27 Q&A somone asked “Will the black and white dyes get updated to appear more visible when painting dinos and people?” , with the responce "Yup! We're working on it ;)". So fingers crossed dyes will look allot nicer in a later patch :D
At first, I was frustrated that Karen Straughan, a high-profile anti-feminist, was to speak at the Students For Liberty 2015 Vancouver Regional Conference. Looking at her biography and reading a couple of articles about her, I thought she was just another Men's Rights Activist (MRA) troll. This didn't sit well with a feminist. I thought the room would become a testosterone-laden echo chamber.
2015 has been an exciting year for Students For Liberty (SFL), an organization I dedicate my time to. We held another successful international conference in February, introduced a number of online resources, and changed up how we organize our North American Regional Conferences (RCs). Before, staff members were highly involved with how the conferences were set up, and who would be invited to speak. 2015 marked the year that on-the-ground activists could organize the RCs.
As it so happened, Karen Straughan was invited to speak at the Vancouver RC. I know what it is like to be judged by labels, being both a libertarian and feminist (libertarian feminist). I also understand that not all MRAs are pick-up artists or misogynists, as I know quite a few reasonable individuals in real life. While Students For Liberty has given a platform to feminists before, of what I know of, they hadn't done so formally for MRAs. It wasn't the idea of having an MRA speak at an SFL event that bothered me, but that a seemingly dismissive anti-feminist figure was to do so.
In the weeks and days leading up to the conference, I decided to accept it for what it was. Early in the quarter, one of my professors told us that people learn when they are uncomfortable. I like to learn, and I have been in intellectually uncomfortable events before, so I wanted to try my best to approach it with an open mind. Finally, the moment of truth came.
I ended up nodding in agreement to most of her talk. I was pretty comfortable throughout the talk. Too comfortable. What was going on? The most uncomfortable I felt was when the stereotypical MRA types – young, white men – were distractingly being vocal about their agreement with Karen. Overall, she was really fair.
Even though Karen was introduced with a number of labels, including being a rape apologist, she did not come off as being illogical. At the beginning, she mentioned that there are many movements within feminism and that there are feminists she admires. Her being called a “rape apologist” was a joke because of a feminist who called her that out of a misunderstanding. That was a theme I noticed, how the controversial views of Karen's were made because of bad reactions to misunderstandings.
There are quite a few views that Karen and I share that go opposite of mainstream feminism. One being that there is no gender wage gap, as in outright sexism concerning pay is a rarity in the workplace nowadays, and that the wage disparity is brought about by other issues. We also agree that the “one in five college women are sexually assaulted” claim to be unfairly deceptive. According to one of the investigators of the study, most of the campuses that were looked at were “not nationally representative.” Because of the drawbacks of quantitative data, the study cannot conclude that the number of women who have been sexually assaulted is even correct.
I can see how these criticisms of popular feminist rhetoric may be uncomfortable to some. I dealt with this dissonance and came to accept these alternative explanations as a feminist, not an MRA. It is unfair that there is a wage gap, but that doesn't mean legislation needs to be introduced, or that it should be accepted as it is. We need to create a culture in which women are educated on how to strike fair deals for themselves. While one in five women on college campuses may not be sexually assaulted, sexual assault still happens, and not just to women. Those who identify as male or gender-queer are not immune to sexual assault.
Karen and I agree on a few issues, but we have a different way of going about it. She is mainly known for pointing out inconsistencies and untruths. I will address these as well, but I also seek a way to address the problems. I do it as a feminist. We also do not agree on several more issues. However, I don't agree with other feminists as well.
What Karen Straughan has done is created more dialogue. During her speech, she mentioned the hypocrisy of feminists who expressed outrage at Dr. Matt Taylor, who had a team of men and women when he appeared on television with a shirt featuring scantily-clad women. She asked why feminists were mad at a man who wore a shirt with women on it who look they were from the Slut Walk. You may think that the Slut Walk is good and that Dr. Taylor wearing that shirt was a poor choice, but Karen forces you to wonder what the difference is between the two, if any.
Both MRAs and feminists are capable of creating echo chambers, and I believe that learning from each other is necessary to progress intellectually. That is why I advocate people doing what I did, and listen attentively to someone whose views differ from theirs.
NEWARK -- New Jersey Citizen Action, a non-profit group that provides free financial services and lobbies for reforms, had outgrown its 2,500-square foot headquarters high up in the National Newark Building on Broad Street and was looking to relocate.
The group didn't have to look far.
Across Broad and two blocks north, the redeveloped Hahne & Company Department Store had commercial space available in its two-story atrium. The $174 million mixed-use redevelopment project by L+M Development Partners also includes 160 rental apartments.
The redeveloped Hahne complex opened to much fanfare in January, when it was hailed as a deeply symbolic yet very real sign of Newark's current revival. Hahne's best known tenant, Newark's first Whole Foods supermarket, opened in March.
The Hahne & Company Department Store had once been a center of retail and social life in one of Newark's most prominent locations, opposite historic Military Park, only to close down in 1987 and remain a nagging reminder of the city's inability to remake itself.
The Hahne apartments, which include 96 market-rate and 64 affordable units, are now 100-percent leased, according to L+M, which is based in Larchmont, N.Y.
Following behind them, like Citizen Action, a variety of retail businesses and other commercial tenants have been snatching up chunks of Hahne's 165,000 square feet of rebuilt, raw commercial space and tailoring it to their needs.
"We needed more space, and we wanted to be part of something big, something new and exciting, that we hoped would be good for Newark," said Citizen Action's executive director, Phyllis Sallow-Kaye.
L+M said this week that 75-percent of Hahne's 40,000 square feet of office space had been leased to tenants including Citizen Action and one of the banks it works with to facilitate loans, City National Bank.
About 80 percent of Hahne's 75,000 square feet of a retail space has been leased, L+M said. Whole Foods, a Barnes & Noble book store, PetCo, and a Kite & Key tech store are already doing business, and L+M said a City MD medical office, Cool Vines wine and liquor store and a restaurant by celebrity chef Marcus Samuelsson are expected to open in the coming months.
In addition to housing Hahne's commercial space, the atrium serves as an enclosed pedestrian mall linking Broad Street to Halsey Street, a budding boutique and restaurant row that runs along the southern edge of the city's university section, which includes the Rutgers-Newark and New Jersey Institute of Technology campuses.
Unlike its old space in the National Newark Building, Citizen Action's new headquarters will have a storefront on the atrium balcony visible and far more accessible to regular clients as well as walk-in traffic, including Rutgers and NJIT students the group hopes to help educate financially.
"The fact that we see so many thousands of people each year for direct services and they're going to be able to come to a place in the center of Newark, makes this commitment to Newark for the next 15 years, for the future, both personal and organizational," said Sallow-Kaye, who thanked donors for helping raise the $500,000 cost of tailoring the new space.
Citizen Action's new space is next to the Newark Print Shop and Newark Express, an art collaborative run by Rutgers Newark. Whole Foods has lined its exterior wall inside the atrium with tables that are often crowded with diners at lunchtime.
Jon Cortell, Vice President for Development at L+M, said the mixed-use project was working out as expected.
"We are pleased to find that residents of Newark and New Jersey had longed for a renewed Hahne's," Cortell said in a statement. "And we hope that the dynamic mix of office, residential, and retail will at least partially match the memories people have of the great department store."
Steve Strunsky may be reached at sstrunsky@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SteveStrunsky. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The federal government will release a portion of its analysis on the human-rights situation in Saudi Arabia, while still refusing to publish details of a $15-billion contract to sell weaponized armoured vehicles to the country's national guard.
In a statement to The Globe and Mail, Foreign Affairs Minister Stéphane Dion said he asked his department to reverse course and release a redacted version of its assessment of the state of human rights in Saudi Arabia.
"The [country reports on human rights] are intended for internal use and are classified. I would be pleased to release, upon request, unclassified versions," Mr. Dion said of the analysis the government insisted last week would be kept under wraps.
Story continues below advertisement
The government is under growing pressure to justify the massive deal to provide hundreds of Canadian-made light armoured vehicles (LAVs) to the Saudi Arabian National Guard, which protects the kingdom against internal threats.
The former Harper government used diplomatic resources to lobby Riyadh for the contract, which will support 3,000 jobs in Canada, mainly in London, Ont. A federal crown corporation brokered the deal and is the prime contractor to supply the Saudis with these LAVs.
In a televised interview, Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland pointed out that the deal was approved by the previous Conservative government, but went on to promise more transparency in the event of future weapons sales to countries with questionable human-rights records.
"As we negotiate deals, we will negotiate them in a real spirit of transparency, but also transparently, and have conversations with Canadians about these hard issues as we go into them," Ms. Freeland said on CTV's Question Period with The Globe And Mail's Robert Fife.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau referred last year to the LAVs being sold to Saudi Arabia as "jeeps." However, the vehicles will be equipped with medium-calibre weapons and big-barrel guns capable of firing anti-tank missiles.
Federal arms export controls oblige Ottawa, in the case of export destinations with a "persistent record of serious violations of the human rights of their citizens," to obtain assurances the armoured vehicles will not be used against the country's civilians. A country's human-rights record is an important consideration in the arms export control process that determines whether Canadian-made weapons can be exported there.
Saudi Arabia, notorious for its treatment of women, dissidents and offenders, became the focus of international condemnation this month over a mass execution of 47 people, including Shia Muslim cleric Sheik Nimr al-Nimr, an exceptionally vocal critic of the ruling Al Saud family. A major source of domestic unrest in the country is the eastern provinces and the Shia minority there that Sheik al-Nimr represented.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Amnesty International has called on the Trudeau government to be transparent with Canadians and explain how this deal passes the arms export regime test.
However, the current government is refusing to release any information on the deliberations that have been undertaken with the Saudis to obtain the proper reassurances about the eventual use of the LAVs.
Speaking on Question Period, Ms. Freeland added the government will be proceeding this week with additional consultations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. While the federal government could sign the trade pact in the near future, she said the more important benchmark will be the potential ratification.
"The key decision point will be ratification, and the crucial point is there will be parliamentary debate and committee study before we get to that stage," Ms. Freeland said.
Matt Cardy via Getty Images The "Gallos" sculpture at the site of Tintagel Castle. Legend has it that King Arthur was born at the site, and archaeologists now say they've found evidence of a Dark Ages palace that dates to that time period.
An ancient palace was discovered at a site closely associated with the legend of King Arthur, and it's shedding new light on life in Britain's Dark Ages. It may even help play a role in determining if there's any truth to the legend.
Four trenches dug at Tintagel Castle in Cornwall revealed the walls of buried buildings, including the thick walls of what is believed to have been a palace built between the 5th and 7th centuries.
According to the “History of the Kings of Britain,” written in the 12th century by Geoffrey of Monmouth, that's when and where Arthur was conceived.
“It is showing there could indeed be some truth behind the earliest stories about King Arthur's birth at Tintagel,” Graham Phillips, author of “The Lost Tomb of King Arthur,” told the Daily Telegraph.
“If nothing else, it means the legend about where Arthur was born isn't so fanciful after all and deserves further investigation,” Phillips said. “It is going to start a whole new line of investigation by historians.”
Archaeologists told the BBC that the discovery doesn't confirm any elements of the Arthurian tales, but they do offer insight on palace life some 1,500 years ago. Pottery and glass shards showed signs of far-reaching trade, including wine and olive oil imported from the Mediterranean.
Here's a 3D look at one of the trenches at the site:
(Story continues below image.)
Win Scutt of English Heritage told the BBC that the walls revealed what was a “very dense settlement” at the site.
“It's a complex of buildings and many people since the 1980s have argued that it's a royal centre, and that it's the royal centre of the kingdom of Dumnonia,” Scutt was quoted as saying. “We haven't found any others, so it's quite possible that this was the center, and maybe they were static.”
Matt Cardy via Getty Images Tourists explore the ruins of Tintagel Castle.
The Sun reported that the palace appeared to have been abandoned toward the end of the 6th century or beginning of the 7th as bubonic plague devastated the region.
The castle ruins at the site, a popular tourist attraction, date to roughly the 13th century, or well after the supposed time of Arthur, and a century after “History of the Kings of Britain” was written.
Although the castle may have been built to connect it to the legend, it's not clear why Geoffrey of Monmouth chose the site in the first place.
“He associated Arthur closely with Cornwall, and Cornish legend may have preserved a folk memory of the earlier importance of the site, perhaps as a stronghold of the rulers of Cornwall,” the English Heritage website stated. “Geoffrey described its dramatic physical attributes, evidently appreciating its romantic nature.”
Peter Unger via Getty Images The ruins of Tintagel Castle, built in the 13th century on a site closely linked with the legend of King Arthur.
Historians dispute how much of the Arthurian legend is based on history. It's not even known if Arthur himself was based on a real king or was purely a literary creation. But there's no denying the impact the stories have had in popular culture, with tales passed down for a millennium. A new cinematic spin on the story, “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” directed by Guy Ritchie, is set to hit theaters next year.
DEA / G. WRIGHT via Getty Images Walkways along the ruins of Tintagel Castle.
While the latest discovery at Tintagel may not shed light on the Arthurian legends, it's already helping to paint a picture of a period of history where little is known.
MELBOURNE, Florida — If Marco Rubio's campaign flames out in Florida tonight, as polls suggest, it will be delicious revenge for the Tea Partiers who have been waiting years to embarrass the senator in his home state.
“We're going to have a sweet taste in our mouths tomorrow when little Marco gets embarrassed by those he betrayed. He betrayed all of Florida, but mostly he betrayed people like me who worked hard to get him elected,” said Dan Ray, a founding member of Tea Party group in The Villages, a large retirement community in Florida, where Rubio campaigned earlier this week.
When Rubio joined with the so-called Gang of Eight to propose a bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform bill, Tea Party groups saw it as akin to an act of treason. They had supported the young lawmaker, preferring him to the alternative, Gov. Charlie Crist (who later became a Democrat). They had also trusted him on the issue of immigration—and worked as foot soldiers to get him elected.
“[Rubio] didn't run with the establishment Republican base. In 2010, he ran with the constitutional conservative base. That's who got him into office,” said KrisAnne Hall, a constitutional attorney and self-described “original constitutionalist” from Wellborn, Florida. “He got into the office quoting the Constitution and standing with the Founding Fathers… The people who elected him in 2010 don't trust him anymore.”
Like Ray, Hall had supported Rubio in 2010, volunteering as a liaison for his staff with conservative activists. She now says she is “ashamed” that she worked so hard for him.
Jack Oliver, the legislative director for Floridians for Immigration Enforcement, can recite the date, from memory, when he believes he was sold a bill of goods. It was Dec. 22, 2009, he said: the day when Rubio “conned us all... and then went out to con the rest of the citizens of Florida.”
Floridians for Immigration Enforcement, a group that opposes illegal immigration, supported Rubio in his campaign for Senate that election cycle, in part due to an hourlong-conversation they had with him on that fateful day in 2009. During that meeting, Oliver said, Rubio pledged never to support “amnesty or legalization of people” in the United States without documentation.
“He ran for president as a graceful way to exit. He would have lost the Senate seat if he had run for re-election, I think,” Oliver said.
Cynthia Lucas, who is a coordinator of the Martin, Florida, 9/12 Tea Party Committee, said she even had more sympathy for democratic socialist Bernie Sanders than Rubio, though she wouldn't be able to bring herself to vote for either. The reason, she explained, is that while Sanders has the wrong answers, he is at least asking the right questions.
“[Sanders's] heart is in the right place,” Lucas said. “He understands the bottom line: Everyone in this economy has been affected. When corporations get in bed with government, we get fascism. That's what we have on both sides of the aisle.”
The Rubio campaign declined to respond to a question about whether it had made its outreach to various Tea Party groups while stumping recently across the state.
“If Marco Rubio had kept his promise to Florida voters and had gone up there to oppose amnesty… Donald Trump wouldn't even be in the race. It would be Marco Rubio up there, with the rest of the field trying to knock him out,” Oliver predicted.
Instead of a resounding victory on home turf, polls seem to indicate a humiliating defeat is in Rubio's very near future. A number of public polls show billionaire businessman Donald Trump leading Marco Rubio by double digits, in some cases by more than 20 percentage points. A Quinnipiac University poll published Monday shows Trump leading Rubio in the senator's home state, 46 percent to 22 percent.
Despite the long odds, Rubio is still campaigning with confidence.
“Like always, it comes down to Florida. Tomorrow, this state will elect 99 delegates,” Rubio said Monday afternoon while campaigning outside a small restaurant in Melbourne, on the state's eastern coast. “If we win by just one vote... we get 99 delegates, and the [momentum] it gives our campaign will carry us on to Utah, and Arizona, and ultimately to the nomination and back here in November so we can defeat Hillary Clinton.”
But even Rubio's staunchest supporters acknowledge that immigration is the issue that is hardest to explain to Republican primary voters.
“I'd be lying to you if that wasn't a common theme among those who were undecided and those who are struggling to stick with Marco to the end, the Gang of Eight issue,” Tom Gaitens, a county leader for Rubio and formerly the state director for the conservative group FreedomWorks, told The Daily Beast. “If it weren't for that, Marco would be running away with it, I think. It's been an anchor that is hurting him a little bit, I think.”
“Largely people in the Tea Party are angry at him over [immigration], and on that issue alone,” Gaitens added.
While the opinions of Tea Party conservatives in Florida haven't changed, the movement doesn't carry the same fervor today as it did in its heydey in the first years of the Obama administration, motivated by frustration over the recession and Obamacare. Nor have Tea Party conservatives been unified in their pick for president, with activists choosing between Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz.
“Tea Party membership has gone down: The flame has kind of fizzled out a little bit from back in its heyday… people are just burned out,” Olivier said.
But Florida's Tea Partiers have found at least one unifying theme to rally against once more: repaying Rubio on Tuesday night—by making sure he loses big.
And Oliver couldn't be more pleased: “I expect him to lose by double digits… The informed voters aren't buying his B.S. anymore.”
Many Muslims have a misconception that having fun is Haraam. Nothing could be further from the truth as having fun is part of human nature and Islam is the religion of Al-Fitrah (Human Nature). Unfortunately, despite the fact that most forms of entertainment are Halal, many Muslims seem to indulge in the Haraam forms instead.
So here are my top ten favorite Halal things to do for fun. But remember even Halal forms of entertainment become Haraam through overindulgence and neglecting your Islamic duties:
10. Eating out:
Everybody enjoys going out to their favorite fast food joint and enjoying a delicious chicken tikka or burger. This is completely Halal and extremely fun, especially when you go with company, so go ahead and enjoy yourself… just make sure the chicken is Halal! ;)
9. Reading:
Like this? Get more of our great articles. Get more of our great articles.
Not everybody enjoys this but I do, there is nothing like a good book to take your mind of things and help you relax. Of course one must choose a book whose content in Halal and it is preferable to read books by Muslims, unless you have reached the level of knowledge to read Non-Muslim books, and separate the good from the evil.
Don't forget that the first command in the Quran was to “READ” so enjoy your reading, and may Allah help us all reach
the level where we enjoy reading Islamic books.
8. Swimming:
This one is recommended by the prophet (peace be upon him), and there is no better way to cool off on a hot day! So make sure your Satr is covered and enjoy the water in the upcoming summer.
7. Relaxing:
We all need a break and nobody can pray all day, the prophet (peace be upon him) recommended that we will our lives in balance and said, “An hour for your Lord and an hour for yourself,”meaning that we should split our day and balance between Islamic work and living life. So do not stress, when you get tired, sit back and relax. Its perfectly Halal, just don't sleep through any salah times.
6. Video Games and Videos:
Not all video games and videos are Haraam; it's the content that matters. So if you enjoy playing video games and can balance without getting addicted, make sure you only buy Halal games (that means no Grand Theft Auto!). The same with movies and other videos, watch something Islamic or something beneficial and keep away from movies which have shameless scenes and teach bad things.
Most importantly, do not get addicted and sit till Fajr time praying Pro Evolution Soccer, because that would then become haraam. So balance and be careful and responsible when choosing the content, and do not try to fool yourself that a certain movie is halal when you know it is not, because you can not fool Allah or the angels sitting with you watching and writing down every moment into your book of deeds.
5. Nature:
I love nature! Whether it is the ocean, forests, animals, I just love being out in the natural environment. It is one of those times when I feel closest to Allah and feel peace inside me. There is no feeling equal to praying under a tree or on a mountain. Take my word for it and book your next family holiday at some place natural, like the Drakensburg Mountains of South Africa. It is Beautiful!
4. Nasheeds:
I love Nasheeds, in them I have found the perfect replacement for music and a source of both joy and education for myself. It is narrated that Umar (RA) said, “Singing is the companion of the traveler”. I do not know how authentic that narration is, but Imam Malik did say there is nothing wrong with singing while traveling – so load your cars with Zain Bhikha and Dawud Wharnsby CDs, and throw out the Haraam music, and enjoy Halal beneficial entertainment as you drive to work and back!
3. Hanging out with the right crowd:
Your friends either make you or break you. The prophet (peace be upon him) said, “Every person follows the religion of his best friend so be careful whom you befriend”.
Since we are all social beings, hanging out and socializing will be high on our list of ways of having fun, yet it is so important to have the right friends. Your friends are the ones who encourage
you to pray or to skip the prayer and catch a movie. They are the ones who tell you your Hijab looks beautiful or that it makes you look old. In the end, whom you choose to hang out with, makes the biggest difference in who you become.
Sadly, in South Africa we have an added problem in that having fun is looked upon as Haraam as a result many practicing Muslims in this country are B-O-R-I-N-G! So it is even harder to find good friends here who are practicing yet cool and fun, but they do exist. You just have to look in the right places, like at the Al-Kauthar courses and ILM-SA programmes. Hang out with those crowds, you will become a better Muslim and have an awesome time at the time!
2. Playing with kids:
I have two baby boys, two baby nieces, a baby brother, a baby cousin and many other little people in the family and there is nothing that is more fun to me than spending time with these innocent sweet kids and playing with them. Children are a joy and the coolness of my eyes. On this point, I hate people who hate kids and treat them badly, it's because of such people in our Masjids that many kids grow up traumatized and hate the Masjid and Islam. That is not Islamic at all.
The prophet (peace be upon him) would play with kids even in the Masjid, sometimes when he was in Sajdah, he would be very long because his grandchildren were riding on his back. That's the Sunnah not banning the kids from the Masjid and growling at them whenever you see them! Playing with children is part of the Sunnah methods of having fun.
One last hadith on this topic, once the prophet (Peace be upon him) kissed his grandchildren in public, a man commented that he had ten kids and never kissed any of them. The prophet (peace be upon him) replied, “What can I do if Allah has removed mercy from your heart, who ever does not show mercy will not be shown mercy,” Think about that next time you mistreat a child.
1. Marriage and all the fun it legalizes:
Being with the opposite gender is the natural desire of every human and it is such a situation that one has the most fun, especially if there is love between them. Islam does not prohibit this but promotes it in the form of marriage while prohibiting it outside of marriage. So dump your boyfriends and girlfriends, get religious and marry a cool religious person!
The prophet (peace be upon him) stressed the importance of marriage many times and also stressed the importance of having a fun marriage. If your marital life sucks, your life in general will be miserable, but if you are happily married and enjoying it (like I am, masha'Allah) then you can cope with every other problem you face. The prophet (peace be upon him) has a fun marital life, he would race with his wives, have food fights with them, joke with them. Study his life with them; he was the perfect husband so let us all follow in his footsteps.
Once the prophet (peace be upon him) advised a young companion who had married an elderly woman, “you should have married someone young (like you) so that you could play with her and she could play with you”. So what are you waiting for?
If you are married, make changes to improve your marital life and make it a source of fun and pleasure for yourself, and if you are not married, get married soon and have a lot of kids so that then do everything else of this list with your wife and kids, its more fun like that than when you are alone.
—
I hope you all enjoyed and benefited from this list and I hope that it will assist you in living Halal, practicing Islam and enjoying it. May Allah guide us all to the straight and balanced path and put the love of Islam into our hearts.
A rooftop view of Hargeisa, capital of Somaliland, which is home to half a million people
Abdilahi Omar sips on a glass of sweet milky tea as traffic in Hargeisa, Somaliland's capital, increases ahead of the morning rush.
In front of him young boys ride their donkey carts to the river to collect water while ice-cream trucks serving soft-scoop start their rounds.
"So you can see, Hargeisa is calm," says the newspaper editor gesturing to the traffic police armed not with automatic rifles but with fluorescent batons and whistles.
"People are going to work peacefully, you can walk freely. There are no guns on the streets here."
This is not Somalia as the outside world knows it. But then, Somalilanders will tell you this is not Somalia. Period.
Somaliland, which is 137,600 square kilometres in size (comparable to England and Wales) and lies to the north of Mogadishu, is also a territory in limbo: it prints its own currency, flies its own flag and even issues its own passports.
But it is a state no other country will recognise.
Turbulent history
Somaliland won its independence from Britain in June 1960, a few days before Italy relinquished colonial control of neighbouring Somalia.
An emotional union ensued, creating a Somali Republic with its capital located in Mogadishu. But it soon proved to be an unhappy marriage.
"Somaliland became the poor relative, the isolated, forgotten corner of the Union,” Edna Adan, a retired senior UN official and former wife of Somalia's first Prime Minister, Mohammed Ibrahim Egal, told Al Jazeera.
Issues over adequate political representation for Somaliland in the national parliament and government fuelled resentment and distrust and led to the creation of a rebel group opposed to Mogadishu's control.
By the time the war ended in 1991 Somali bombers had razed Hargeisa to the ground but the Republic had crumbled leaving Mogadishu in the hands of warring tribes.
Somaliland's own clan-based society emerged from three decades of turmoil and the conflict with Mogadishu deeply divided.
But on May 18, 1991, tribal elders held negotiations in the shade of Acacia trees and in the ruins of schools before unilaterally declaring Somaliland independent.
Today, in downtown Hargeisa a Soviet-era MiG fighter jet sits mounted on a plinth to remind people of the civil war Somaliland rebels fought against Siad Barre, who ruled Somalia from 1969 to 1991.
International obscurity
A Soviet-era MiG fighter in downtown Hargeisa reminds people of the civil war
But despite a degree of stability compared to many corners of the continent, not least the perennial chaos in Somalia, Somaliland leaders say the outside world has turned its back on them.
The government of Somalia does not recognise Somaliland's independence.
Mohammed Osman Aden, the first consul at the Somali Republic embassy in Nairobi, told Al Jazeera there has been no country-wide referendum which allows for Somaliland's secession.
"Somaliland is categorically a part of Somalia. It is one of the regions where we have good stability. No matter what they are part of Somalia," he said.
However, he does not believe conflict will be renewed.
"We are not applying any pressure right now because we have other priorities in southern Somalia. When southern Somalia is viable we will talk with Somaliland. There will be no problem, we will talk easily," Aden added.
But with no international support for Somaliland's independence, Hargeisa may have little negotiating room.
African neighbours have refused to allow the Horn of Africa to be partitioned and the UN and other international countries have refused to recognise Somaliland's secession.
"The international community has taken the wrong decision, ignoring Somaliland while it waits for Somalia to wake from its coma," said Dahir Riyale Kahin, Somaliland's President.
Self-sustenance
Money vendors in Hargesia have substituted bank transfers
The lack of political recognition has also meant that it is impossible for Hargesia to negotiate loans and assistance from international donors. It is not party to the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank.
"We are a democratically functioning state … but the international community is hindering our success," Kahin told Al Jazeera.
With lack of international donor assistance, Somaliland's infrastructure is slowly being crippled. There is no international postal service here and no banking system recognised by financial institution abroad.
Exchange companies and money vendors provide an alternative for funds coming in and out of Somaliland.
The paediatric ward at the Hargeisa General Hospital – the country's only referral hospital – swarms with flies.
The plaster-board ceiling is caving in. The ward's only oxygen cylinder lies discarded in a corner, covered in dust.
"The facilities here are very limited," said Dr Farhan Omar, one of 16 junior doctors who qualified last year, the first to train locally for years.
“We have three severely malnourished young children and we don't even have the high-energy milk they require."
The lack of doctors, drugs and equipment is woeful, but not a surprise. The government's total budget this year is a modest $50 million - Britain spends that on health alone every four hours.
Somaliland's health, education, and infrastructure sectors require massive inflows of cash.
But for as long as Somaliland's international status remains disputed, financial assistance will remain out of reach. So, too, will bilateral agreements with foreign governments.
Diaspora Money
It is money from the Diaspora that is behind Hargeisa's transformation from concrete-ruin to bustling-city.
Glass-fronted multi-storey buildings now dot the skyline while numerous telecommunications companies vie for a slice of the lucrative Internet market.
"I came here first and foremost for the money. It is your money and business is business," said Abdul Abdirihaman Wabere, a Somaliland entrepreneur.
Wabere fled to North America at the outset of war in the 1980s. Now he divides his time between the US and Hargeisa where he runs a successful IT firm.
"There was nostalgia too. This is my country and we have brought a technology that was not here before and that itself is a leap-frog," he added.
Many families still depend on remittances from relatives living abroad. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) believes the Diaspora sends home more than $500 million to Somaliland every year.
Wabere fears this gives Somalilanders a false sense of financial security when ultimately their economy remains fragile.
Charm Offensive
Hargesia says neighbouring Somalia is still unstable due to continued armed conflict [EPA]
The Somaliland government is trying to charm its way to global recognition.
Kahin recently offered Somaliland's natural deep-water harbour at Berbera as a home for America's AFRICOM headquarters.
"Our only hope is the US which says it promotes democracy and has spent a lot of money in the Middle East,” says Faizal Warabe, Chairman of Somaliland's opposition Justice and Welfare Party and a candidate in next year's presidential elections.
The government is quick to highlight its democratic credentials in comparison to the lawlessness of its southern neighbour.
However, there are shortcomings. Critics claim the government is repressive, exerting excessive control over political opponents and the media.
Allegations of corruption tarnish the government's record.
"There is a lot of internal mismanagement of finances. Even within the Ministry of Finance there are no systems of accountability," confirmed one UN official on condition of anonymity.
Nevertheless, Somalilanders feel they should be allowed to reap the peace dividend. That should start with formal recognition, argues Edna Adan. Anything else is a slap in the face to a country pushing for peace and stability.
“Failure to recognise Somaliland is a failure to recognise democracy itself. The achievements of Somaliland could have been a good example for other African countries," she said.
Okay, there is no magic genie, but it is finally, time to get to coding the Arduino, playing with your new sensor, and enjoying all the benefits that come along with having a lamp so discreet that it tries to blend in with its surroundings..
Umm, if you can think of a benefit, let me know, I was having trouble with that one.
I have included the code as a text file, you will have to open it in a text editor and then copy and paste it into the Arduino environment. Or, if you prefer, just open the Arduino software and follow along writing it as we go.
For the emulation lamp I am using my custom Moodlamp library, you can get the library files and documentation on my other RGB Instructable, RGB Moodlamp with Custom Library. Otherwise you can just copy the colour sensor handling code and output to your RGB lamp in your preferred manner.
So let`s look at the code.
Start with the first image, or follow along with the text file.
We start with an include statement followed by a couple of declarations.
The include statement is for the Moodlamp library. The declaration beneath is just saying that our instance of Moodlamp will be called lamp.
Then we set up a couple of placeholders.
The first is an array that we will use to address the pins the that LEDs are connected to. Remember we connected our sensor lights to those same pin numbers.
The others should be clear enough by the notes in the image, if not, never fear, they are just some placeholders for values that we will use later on.
The placeholder for the average reading is not special, it got it's own image because it was almost overlooked.
Once all our declarations have been made, we will now have to write the setup function. We start by assigning our sensor output pins. We do not need to declare the analog input of the sensor, and the lamps pins are taken care of by the Moodlamp library.
Then we start serial communication so that we can get some debugging information back from our lamp.
After that we can proceed with our loop function. The loop is the code that the Arduino will run again and again. As you can see we are calling a few functions.
First we call checkBalance to see if the balance has been set and set it if needed. (When it turns on)
Then we check the colour under the sensor. Once we have a colour, we print it to the screen, and then set the colour of the lamp. The last call to getReading does nothing useful at all, left it in there by accident. Oh well, I could claim that I was just keeping the lamp from being too idle.
So let`s look at the different functions.
CheckBalance is pretty straight-forward, it checks to see if a balance exists and if it doesn't, then it sets it by calling the setBalance function.
Let's look at the setBalance function, it is the longest one.
First we pulse the light red twice and then white using the Moodlamp library. This is to warn the operator that the white scan is about to take place. Leaving the lamp white(all three colour on) leaves as much interfering light as possible for our baseline scans which keeps them equally balanced.
What the following section does is light the red, then green, then green LEDs while taking a sensor reading at each step. This gives us some data about how much of each colour was reflected back to the sensor. These readings should be high as it is white, which should reflect a lot for each colour.
If the meaning is not inferred, you must place a sample of white ( a card or a paper) under the sensor while this scan takes place. The whole thing lasts about three seconds. The scan less than one.
When finished with scanning white, we will scan black. There are some warning lights again, a delay, and then the scan. Here you will want a black or grey sample under the lamp. We will talk a little more on what your sample should be later.
Once the balancing scans are completed, the lamp will turn off, and we set the Boolean value for whether or not balancing values have been established to true.
Once the balances have been set, our program will now start checking the colour beneath the sensor, chances are that in the physical world you still haven't removed it from your black sample, but never mind that, we were talking about the code.
If you followed what was going on with the balancing scan, we are pretty much doing the same thing. The big difference is that we are using some math to balance our reading now. Basically we are altering our reading based on the maximum and minimum possible readings, and making it a value we can use, namely between 0-255(roughly). Which gives us a pretty fair representation of the colour.
After that, we simply set the colour. We need to just tweek the numbers a little, because often the math above returns greater than or less than our acceptable values. Then we set the red green and blue variables and use the Moodlamp library to facilitate displaying the colour.
I almost forgot to mention the getReading function, which just gets an average reading for times number of readings. Not strickly necessary, as one reading seems sufficient, but I did not know that at the time.
The two print functions are for debugging purposes, and simply print our readings to the serial port. Yes I know I call one in the loop, but you don't have to. I just like scrolling numbers sometimes. Plus I was outputting it to processing during testing, to see exactly what colour the sensor is seeing. I will try to find the time to document and upload that sketch in the near future, but for now you are on your own. (Not hard if you are familiar with Processing and serial communication)
Once you have finished writing your code, upload it to the lamp and start playing. By playing I mean testing....but in a fun way.
"Maybe this ad can inspire someone to be the best they can be."
We told you about Axe's new campaign encouraging men to “find their magic” by celebrating what makes them unique.
The company's spot already included gay characters, but a new version features the new winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 8, Bob The Drag Queen.
Axe
“After the coronation, Bob the Drag Queen appeared in a first of its kind ad for the new Axe “Find Your Magic” point of view, which spotlights how individuality and personal style are what really make a guy attractive,” Axe told NewNowNext in a statement.
“Just like RuPaul's Drag Race,, “Find Your Magic” challenges outdated notions of masculinity and sends a message that guys can be what they want, dress how they want, love who they want and live fiercely. ”
YouTube
“Sometimes being your most authentic self involves accepting others for who they are,” Bob said about the spot. “Maybe this ad can inspire someone to be the best they can be.”
by
I went for a run this morning and on the way back I noticed a man and his dog walking in front of me. The dog was stopping at every tree, marking its territory and moving along its jolly way. I stopped and petted the dog, a friendly one, as Labrador Retriever's are. You can tell by looking at a dog most of the time whether it is friendly or not. When it comes to American foreign policy though, how do most of the rest of the world view us? Do they view us as a Labrador Retriever, or as a uncontrollable Rottweiler? (no offense to owners of Rottweiler's who have tame Rottweiler's, but those dogs scare me when I walk by them!)
For me, our foreign policy is one of the uncontrollable Rottweiler, strolling from country to country and pissing on it with our misguided intelligence and inept congress and President who don't understand the consequences of their actions, but do the dirty business of some figurehead in the CIA or Military who said to do it. This is what has occurred the last 50 or so years, beginning with Congress not declaring wars in Korea, Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan (although with the latter, Congress passed in 2001 the Authorization for Use of Military Force, basically allowing George W. Bush to do what he wants, subsequently giving the green light to attack Iraq without Congressional declaration).
Who Let the Dogs Out?
Who died and gave the American government authority to police the world? Why is it we American taxpayers fund such action? The government works for us I remind you. I didn't vote for any policeman of the world government and I didn't vote for wars in other countries or the bombing via drones of other countries. This is a rogue government activity and is frowned upon by the entire world…but not the U.S. media that keeps our minds distracted with nonsensical Hollywood lives and racial situations at home or some murder investigation.
What's important to you America? Does salvaging our reputation mean anything? Have you ever asked a foreigner while traveling what they think of the U.S.? How do you think you'll be viewed in Pakistan where they have been Drone bombed 330 times resulting in 859 civilian casualties for the past few years (see graphic below)? I know Pakistan isn't high on my list of places to visit. And I don't think I'll be going to see the Egyptian Pyramids anytime soon either.
Why can't our leaders approach other countries like the dog that wants to be petted and allow other countries to sniff our butts? (come on, I had to include that analogy!)… How hard is it to really sit down and talk to our neighbors? Why did every other country end slavery without war? Why did we have to go to war? Didn't the foreign policy of Reagan bring down the Berlin wall and end the cold war as well without any nuclear bombs going off? Are we afraid to talk to Iran because they are so “evil” when they are the ones who haven't even bombed another country? Who looks evil in the following graphic?
Where are the victories for the U.S. in the above graphic? Was the Iraq war a victory? If so, was it worth the thousands of U.S. lives and Iraqi lives to claim victory?
The victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory. Sun Tzu
The American Foreign Policy dogs go along their merry way, pissing on tree after tree and not looking back at the disgusting stench they have left at the root of the tree. Then time goes by and they come to that tree once more and piss on it again (Iraq). This is the sad case of foreign policy and Americans just sit there and let the CIA, Congress and the rest of our government run willy nilly with the only result being blowback which we are now seeing come to fruition, set off by a movie that was made by some nobody about Muslims. The movie isn't the issue. It's our foreign policy that is! There is no “winning” in these kinds of wars. There is no victory. There is only death and destruction.
When Is Enough Enough?
If a dog pisses on the carpet, you get upset right? That's how many in other countries who are getting shelled in the “hunt for al-Qaeda.” This is where the term “Blowback” comes from, a term invented by the CIA which refers to “the unintended results of American actions abroad.” Guess what else is a CIA made up term? Al qaeda.
I remember four years ago debating the neo-conservatives on Michelle Malkin's site “Hot Air” and over at MichelleMalkin.com. When I brought up anything negative about our foreign policy, they would immediately call me a Leftist. So I had to have a disclaimer before indulging into a debate with someone saying, “I'm not a leftist, Conspiracy Nut, and I don't wear a tinfoil hat!” This is what neo-conservatives do when they are challenged. They try to label you. And then when you use the Constitution or other verified information to prove your point, they just ignore it and continue their pro-war stance.
Look what it has got you Republicans! You are the shame of America, but luckily there is a book coming out soon that can turn this reputation around.
It was in one of these debates that I brought up how Al qaeda was created by the CIA. Here we are four years later and people still would call you a conspiracy nut if you said Al qaeda is a CIA creation. Yet our own Secretary of Defense, Hillary Clinton has admitted this as the following video clip shows (please pay attention to how the U.S. foreign policy now plays both sides of Al qaeda – you can't make this stuff up!).
The Result of Our Loud Bark/Bite
Now that we have gone into Iraq under false pretenses and rid the country of what admittedly was a bad person, and set up camp there, how are things in Iraq? Recently I wrote about it in an article Will Romney and the Republicans Lose In November? when I said that things are still a mess in Iraq as bombings occur quite frequently as this, this and this story reveal from just that last two months.
But for those who don't care about other countries as you may believe we are fighting everywhere to maintain our military supremacy, what is the effect of this policy on your own soldiers who do your/our fighting? July was the worst month yet for our soldiers killing themselves (suicide). You don't hear much about that in the media now do you?
What Are We Really Fighting For?
One must ask, has it all been worth it? Has the last decade of attacking all these Muslim countries and threatening other countries really been the result of retaliation for what happened to us on 9/11?
I have a series of questions I'd like for you to ask the neo-conservative faction of the Republican Party who are attending the upcoming Value Voters summit in mid October. These are the ones in attendance who are allegedly for the wars and our current foreign policy (an extension of George W. Bush's) of policing the world and threatening (insert country here), but mainly Iran;
1. Are you a Christian?
2. Are you pro-life and against the killing of the unborn child?
3. How many people died on 9/11? (answer about 3000)
4. How many American Soldiers have died in Iraq and Afghanistan since the wars began? (answer about 6,600)
5. How many foreign civilian deaths have there been in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars?” (the answer is over 100,000 for Iraq and 10's of thousands for Afghanistan) – somewhere around 130,000 is a conservative estimate.
6. Then say this to the neoconservative; …”Before you said you were pro-life right? So are you pro-life just for the innocent unborn only, or are the 10's of thousands of civilians killed from participation in these wars something a pro-life advocate shouldn't be concerned about?
7. In passing, because they know by this time you are pressing their buttons and probably have called you a liberal, ask; “How many of our soldiers have to die to compensate for the 3,000 who died on 9/11? What's a good number? Is it 6,600, the current number of U.S. soldiers killed in these wars? 10,000? 50,000? How many innocent women and children have to die and for what purpose?”
8. If they are still listening, ask them; “How do you interpret God's commandment of “Thou Shalt Not Kill?” or What is your interpretation of the golden rule and how does it differ from what the Bible says in Leviticus 19:18 – “Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself”…?
9. How much more do you think our nation can go into debt to support our current foreign policy? Is $1 trillion, the amount we have spent so far enough? How about $2 trillion?
Our Foreign Policy Should Act Like the Dog that Play's Dead for Awhile
From an economic standpoint, Romney wants to increase the amount spent on the military once elected and Obama just surpassed 8 years of George Bush spending with the continued war in Afghanistan that he sent more troops to die in, and his continued drone bomb attacking of Pakistan and other nations. Because neither the left or right understand the consequences of their spending (or of wars), Moody's has warned of a possible downgrade since neither side can come up with a budget to pay for everything (including our military industrial complex) before the January 13th fiscal cliff.
Maybe it's time for the foreign policy to act like the dog when commanded to “play dead” for awhile. For if we don't, we just may wake up the sleeping dog known as China.
Best to let a sleeping dog lay. Wouldn't want China to start bombing other countries now would we? Best to leave that up to the CIA. They know what they're doing right?
But just imagine for a moment if there was no CIA. Would Muslims all of a sudden take up arms and take over every country? Is this what the neo-conservatives are afraid of? Or would we all just get along as we have for 1,000's of years?
Don't be fooled by the propaganda coming out of the U.S. media. Do your own research online. Read and read and read some more. And learn to love unconditionally like a dog does its master.
Cloud Computing and Security Drive Increasing Adoption of Linux Among the Largest Enterprises
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Dec 3, 2014) - The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization dedicated to accelerating the growth of Linux and collaborative development, today announced the immediate release of the "2014 Enterprise End User Trends Report," which shares new and trending data that reveals Linux is the primary platform for the cloud and users consider the operating system more secure than alternative platforms. The findings also show a 14-point increase in Linux deployments over the last four years, while deployments on Windows have experienced a 9-point decline.
The data in the report reflects the results of an invitation-only survey of The Linux Foundation's Enterprise End User Council as well as other companies and government organizations. The report and data is based on the responses of individuals from organizations with sales of $500 million or more or 500 or more employees. This is the fourth report released on a generally annual basis and is produced in partnership with Yeoman Technology Group.
Key findings from this year's report include:
Linux leads enterprise shift to cloud. Linux remains the go-to choice for the cloud, with 75 percent of enterprises reporting they use Linux as their primary cloud platform. These numbers compare to fewer than 24 percent using Windows and less than two percent using UNIX to support the cloud.
Linux remains the go-to choice for the cloud, with 75 percent of enterprises reporting they use Linux as their primary cloud platform. These numbers compare to fewer than 24 percent using Windows and less than two percent using UNIX to support the cloud. Enterprises consider Linux superior in technical prowess, security, and cost. In fact, 78 percent of enterprises feel Linux is more secure than other operating systems, an important consideration in light of increasing scrutiny on the security of projects that support the world's software infrastructure.
In fact, 78 percent of enterprises feel Linux is more secure than other operating systems, an important consideration in light of increasing scrutiny on the security of projects that support the world's software infrastructure. Linux continues its year-over-year growth -- at the expense of other operating systems. Linux remains the platform of choice for enterprises running it; more than 87 percent added Linux servers this year, and 82 percent plan to add more in the next year. In fact, deployment on Linux has risen while deployment on Windows continues to fall.
Linux remains the platform of choice for enterprises running it; more than 87 percent added Linux servers this year, and 82 percent plan to add more in the next year. In fact, deployment on Linux has risen while deployment on Windows continues to fall. Rapid growth continues to raise concerns about finding Linux talent. The concern among the world's largest enterprises about finding trained Linux staff remains at just above 40 percent -- and is the largest concern cited.
"The way software is built today is modeled after the methodologies and principles used to build Linux, the world's largest collaborative development project," said Amanda McPherson, vice president of marketing and developer services, The Linux Foundation. "The Enterprise End User Report gives us important insight into how the world's largest users are deploying Linux in the most complex environments and that can inform how to sustain Linux development for decades to come."
The Enterprise Linux User survey is not intended to be an assessment of the overall penetration of Linux in the market, nor is it designed as a cross-platform study. It's also important to note that enterprise users who are motivated to take a survey from The Linux Foundation are not an unbiased lot, but the size of these organizations, their buying power and technical prowess -- as filtered by The Linux Foundation and Yeoman -- can provide important guidance both for Linux vendors and developers, as well as their competitors.
To download the full report, please visit: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/publications/linux-foundation/linux-end-user-trends-report-2014
About The Linux Foundation
The Linux Foundation is a nonprofit consortium dedicated to fostering the growth of Linux and collaborative software development. Founded in 2000, the organization sponsors the work of Linux creator Linus Torvalds and promotes, protects and advances the Linux operating system and collaborative software development by marshaling the resources of its members and the open source community. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral forum for collaboration and education by hosting Collaborative Projects, Linux conferences including LinuxCon, and generating original research and content that advances the understanding of Linux and collaborative software development. More information can be found at www.linuxfoundation.org.
The Linux Foundation, Linux Standard Base, MeeGo, Tizen and Yocto Project are trademarks of The Linux Foundation. AllSeen is a trademark of AllSeen Alliance Inc., OpenBEL is a trademark of OpenBEL Consortium Inc. OpenDaylight is a trademark of the OpenDaylight Project Inc., Linux is a trademark of Linus Torvalds.
One of the provisions in the emerging House tax reform bill could devastate private investment in transportation infrastructure via long-term public-private partnerships (P3s), which most Republicans say they favor.
In the tax bill released by Congressional Republicans today, “Sec. 3601 of Subtitle G, Bond Reform,” would remove federal tax exemption on bonds categorized as Private Activity Bonds (PABs). There are several different categories of these, usable for various private-sector activities. This provision would eliminate the tax exemption for all of them, on the grounds that the government “should not subsidize the borrowing costs of private businesses.” And the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) estimates that this provision would increase federal tax revenues by $38.9 billion over 10 years.
I'm concerned here with only one subset of Private Activity Bonds: those authorized by Congress in the SAFETEA-LU legislation reauthorizing the federal highway and transit program in 2005. It authorized the issuance of up to $15 billion in tax-exempt bonds specifically for public-private partnership transportation infrastructure projects. The rationale was that P3s have many benefits compared with conventional highway and transit procurement methods, so Congress should create a level financial playing field for them. And since state agencies can finance such projects using tax-exempt bonds, P3 projects should have the same opportunity. After all, if P3 projects provide benefits to the public and to the state in comparison with conventional procurements, federal policy should encourage—not discourage—the use of this method.
According to Public Works Financing, since 2005, 22 major long-term P3 projects valued at $33.3 billion have been financed, and 17 of them (77 percent) have used PABs totaling $8.5 billion. The U.S. Department of Transportation's Build America Bureau lists this category of PABs as an important innovative financing tool for P3 infrastructure.
These projects are all public-purpose infrastructure, open to use by the public just as are comparable projects developed under conventional procurement methods by state agencies. The Joint Committee on Taxation (along with the Congressional Budget Office) considers any tax-exempt bond as causing a loss of what would otherwise be tax revenue to the U.S Treasury. But in the case of public-purpose infrastructure, that premise is mistaken. Those agencies assume that, for example, if a P3 toll road project did not have access to tax-exempt bonds, it would be built anyway with taxable bonds. But that is hardly guaranteed.
First, the higher interest cost of taxable bonds would mean higher toll rates would have to be charged to achieve the same bond rating. But higher toll rates would mean lower toll revenues, which might make the project no longer feasible. So the more likely alternative is that the project would be done instead by a state agency—using tax-exempt debt. Hence, no increased revenue to the Treasury.
Second, as P3 infrastructure becomes more common, most of these long-term ventures will be profitable. That means the concession companies will owe federal corporate income taxes on those profits. The Congressional Budget Office, Joint Committee on Taxation, and the Treasury Department never even consider this future revenue when doing their calculations purporting to show revenue losses from PABs used for P3 infrastructure projects.
In short, PABs for P3 infrastructure are not a subsidy. They are a well-justified policy enacted by Congress to create a more-level financial playing field for a worthwhile improvement in the procurement of large-scale public-purpose infrastructure. Repealing the tax-exemption for this category of PABs would harm the continued growth of private capital investment in America's infrastructure.
QUEBEC
The Parti Québécois opposition welcomed news that TransCanada Corp. will not build an oil port in Quebec as part of its cross-country Energy East pipeline project.
The company originally planned to pump Western Canadian oil, at a rate of up to 1.1 million barrels per day, through to terminals in Cacouna and Saint John's, N.B.. The choice of Cacouna, the site of a beluga nursery, was met with a public outcry in Quebec.
TransCanada reportedly considered other locations—Lévis, Bécancour and Baie-des-Sables, near Matane—before ruling out a Quebec port, according to a La Presse exclusive citing unnamed sources.
“It's a beautiful victory for the preservation and sustainability of the belugas we have in the St. Lawrence River,” the PQ's natural resources critic, Bernard Drainville, said in a news conference on Wednesday.
Without a terminal in Quebec, the project has become “less detestable,” Drainville said. “However, the environmental risks related to the completion of this project are still there.”
A TransCanada spokesperson didn't confirm that the company has nixed its plan to build a port in Quebec, but he said they will make an announcement about the future of the project this week.
François Legault, leader of the Coalition Avenir Québec, blasted Premier Philippe Couillard for not trying to help TransCanada find another place for the terminal.
“I don't understand how Mr. Couillard could do nothing and not negotiate with Energy East since they set aside Cacouna,” he said. “Why didn't he negotiate? Why didn't he try? We were told people in Bécancour were maybe open to it. Why does Mr. Couillard continue to remain passive when it comes to economic subjects?”
Before green-lighting the project, Quebec said TransCanada would have to prove it will have economic benefits for the province.
The National Energy Board hasn't set a date for the Energy East hearings yet, but a spokesperson said they expect them to take place mid-year.
On Wednesday, Natural Resources Minister Pierre Arcand said it's too soon to tell if Quebec has much to gain from the pipeline without a terminal on the St. Lawrence.
“Let me remind you it's an issue that's extremely complex, TransCanada's proposal,” he said. “It involves the gas supply, oil transportation, and the energy security of Quebecers.”
Because it requires the conversion of an existing natural gas pipeline, Gaz Métro has warned the project could inflate the prices of natural gas and cause shortages.
TransCanada put preliminary work on its Cacouna terminal on ice in December after the federal Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada reclassified the beluga as endangered.
The committee found that fewer than 900 belugas swim in the St. Lawrence River and their number is in decline.
With or without a terminal in Quebec, Patrick Bonin, a climate energy campaigner for Greenpeace Montreal, said the pipeline still poses a threat of spills.
“Other than the belugas, the main risks are still there for the environment, the security of communities and the drinking water of millions of Quebecers,” he said in an interview.
“There are no benefits, just risks.”
gvendeville@montrealgazette.com
twitter.com/geoffvendeville
CTV Montreal
A construction project that closed an access ramp to Highway 15 South for three years has finally re-opened.
The Girouard Ave. onramp re-opened without fanfare or any city announcement around 10 a.m. Friday, but commuters who remember the old configuration should expect some changes.
The onramp to Highway 15 South was closed in December 2010 because construction crews working on the MUHC superhospital needed to lay sewer mains and underground water connections to the hospital campus. That meant closing other routes drivers normally used to go from St. Henri to NDG, and as a workaround the bottom section of Girouard Ave., which had been one-way south, was turned into a two-direction street.
Now the multi-directionality of Girouard Ave. remains, but with an extra traffic light to allow southbound motorists to access the Decarie onramp which leads to the 15 South and the Turcot Interchange.
NDG residents who have had to detour 1.5 km to the north for the past three years are glad they will finally be able to get on the 15 South -- but they will face another obstacle soon.
Transport Quebec had planned to close the St. Jacques St. bridge this year in order to demolish and reconstruct it. That work has been delayed while financial regulators investigate the two companies awarded the contract to do the work, one of which has been fined repeatedly for fraud.
* READ FIRST: If you think Cortanium is not working, or Cortana doesn't recognize your enhanced commands, IT IS ALWAYS BECAUSE *YOU* ARE *NOT* USING YOUR INITIATION PHRASE. ALWAYS. If you are confused about this PLEASE JUST SEND US AN EMAIL VIA SUPPORT. WE LOVE TO HELP! Ready to take your device to the next level by leveraging the power of Cortana? You've come to the right place! Cortanium adds over 25 new commands to Cortana, to use with voice or text, making your experience even simpler and more intuitive! Easily do things via Cortana like get movie and TV recommendations, get today's horoscope, check in a document in SharePoint, see how much OneDrive space you have available, or even get your Microsoft Band information, Xbox gamer information, and do a quick Foursquare check in! There are tons of great things you can do with Cortanium, and lots more to come! Enjoy! NOTES: RESTART/SHUTDOWN/THEME commands REQUIRE A MICROSOFT BROWSER TO BE YOUR DEFAULT BROWSER. Chrome and Firefox do not properly handle ClickOnce activations. If you are using Windows Phone 10 Technical Preview, you MAY have issues every once in a while due to Cortana inconsistencies, and other services not being ready for production, like loss of 3rd party location access. We have found that a device restart solves these (for a while at least).
The Joomlashack Blog
One of our users was wanting to have a different background for her site's home page.
Joomla does offer you several ways to customize individual pages.
This tutorial will introduce you to four Joomla options. Let's get started ...
Option #1. Add CSS to Your Current Template Check to see if your template already makes it easy to target a specific page. For example, some templates add the menu item ID as a class. That will allow you to target the page using CSS without doing anything else. Use your browser's inspection tool or Firebug to inspect the HTML output.
As you can see, in this example, the template adds the menu item id to the markup. So I could target the background using the following CSS: body.itemid-101 { background-color: yellow; }
Option #2. Use a Page Class What happens if the template doesn't add any unique markup per page? Using the Page Class option of a menu item, we can add more CSS classes to the HTML markup. Then we can use CSS to target just that specific page.
To add a page class, go to: Edit your menu item
Page Display (tab)
Page Class -> add your class here.
Save In the example, I've added a space before "homepage". That will make it a separate class. If you want it appended to end of the final class as a suffix, use a hyphen instead. If you're lucky, the template will add the class where you need it. Let's see the output in our example.
The class "homepage" was added. But, it wasn't added in a place where I can target it using CSS for my background example. I can target the content area using it, but not the background of the body. So this isn't what I need. I'll need to do some extra work, which brings us to our next example. Pro tip: The reason is that with CSS I can't target parent elements. I can only target the element itself and child elements.
Option #3. Use an Extension If you don't want to edit your template's core files, use an extension to output custom CSS per page. For more on this, check out our HD-Custom CSS tutorial.
Option #4. Write Custom Code in Your Template If you're creating a custom template, take a look at how the Protostar template does it. Below, I've added some of Protostar's code. I modified it to make it generic for any template: <?php $app = JFactory::getApplication(); $option = $app->input->getCmd('option', ''); $view = $app->input->getCmd('view', ''); $layout = $app->input->getCmd('layout', ''); $task = $app->input->getCmd('task', ''); $itemid = $app->input->getCmd('Itemid', ''); ?> <body class="<?php echo $option . ' view-' . $view . ($layout ? ' layout-' . $layout : ' no-layout') . ($task ? ' task-' . $task : ' no-task') . ($itemid ? ' itemid-' . $itemid : ''); ?>"> So what is this code doing? It's getting the Joomla application. Then it's finding all the specifics about it, such as: What Joomla option is it on? Is it on com_content or something else?
What view is it on? Is it on the frontpage view? Something else?
What layout is it using? Is it using the default layout?
What task is it using?
What's the menu item id? Then it outputs the information as classes in the body element. Let's look at an example:
A year ago Sunday, Governor Charlie Baker appointed us as the MBTA Fiscal and Management Control Board. The winter of 2015 had brought the MBTA to a halt. But that once-in-a-century season only aggravated what regular riders had known for years — the system was unreliable, under-maintained, and in decline. On this anniversary, we want to briefly recap what we have discovered, our efforts to stabilize the organization, and how we are now shifting to an accelerated action agenda to rebuild the MBTA into the nation's premier transit system.
For decades, advocates and stakeholders warned that the MBTA was suffering a variety of significant ailments that could cause the organization to disintegrate, jeopardizing the Commonwealth's economy and its environmental health. With the support of the Legislature, we were given three to five years and some important tools to finally treat longstanding operational and managerial failures.
Our first step was to take an honest look at the organization. The board has spent hours diagnosing problems that had built up over decades. Though it often meant unflattering headlines and critical comments, we aired our findings in full daylight, posting all presentations online and opening each of our almost weekly meetings with public comment.
Advertisement
Though we had read many past reports on the MBTA, the T's challenges were even deeper and more disturbing than we had anticipated. We found workforce productivity and morale to be poor. Transparency and internal communications had broken down. Management ranks were thin, and the MBTA was seriously underpaying the talented people it needs. The MBTA was able to deliver even adequate service only through the sheer determination and dedication of thousands of its employees.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
One key finding was the MBTA's poor management and delivery of capital projects, a malady that endangers large projects such as the Green Line Extension as well as smaller “state of good repair” projects. Funds that should have been invested in preventive maintenance and in modernizing assets instead went to fill growing operating deficits. And the privately contracted work we inherited was plagued with problems.
We were all taken aback by the lack of an institutional mindset that every dollar made available to the MBTA should be spent wisely and with accountability. In short, the MBTA was fiscally and operationally broken, with hard-working employees left to function as best they could within a failed system.
A year later, we can report that the long-term rebuilding of the MBTA is underway.
Overall operating performance across bus, rail, and the commuter rail system has stabilized. Through collaboration with the staff, we were able to end fiscal year 2016 with the smallest rate of MBTA operating budget increase in 20 years. The board intends to meet the legislative mandate to fully balance our operating budget by further controlling costs and optimizing own-source revenues.
Advertisement
We have prioritized our capital dollars into investments that will directly improve on-time performance, safety, and winter resiliency, using operating budget savings to help fund them. New leadership is in place in key MBTA departments. The MBTA's website, apps, and other communications systems have been upgraded so customers can get the information they need and also track performance.
But our greatest challenges lie ahead. Organizations fail when they lack a strategic vision and an organizational strategy to meet that vision, when they fail to set and meet measurable targets, when they lack effective senior leaders who collaborate with each other and with employees to attain those goals.
As we move from urgent tactical concerns to creating a sustainable MBTA strategy and culture, the FMCB will:
•Strengthen the MBTA's senior management capabilities, capacity, and accountability;
•Strive for a collaborative relationship with our union workforce to make the MBTA cost-effective while drawing on private-sector innovation and competition to improve the “value for money” commitment to our users and taxpayers;
Advertisement
•With input from our stakeholders, produce a long-term strategic vision and organizational plan with a clear set of measurable operational, fiscal, and other objectives;
MBTA Fiscal and Management Control Board members report on their progress a year after being appointed.
•Recommend a permanent governance structure with an adequate span of control to succeed the Control Board.
None of these initial steps could have happened without the MBTA's management and workforce, as well as the steady commitment of Governor Baker with support from legislative leaders and concerned stakeholders. This collaboration has made initial successes possible and makes hope for transformation achievable. For decades, many have cataloged the MBTA's woes, but Governor Baker is acting on his commitment to “fix the T.” We thank him for his boldness. And we thank our riders, employees, and all members of the community for their patience, advice, and continued support while we work to transform the MBTA.
The authors constitute the MBTA Fiscal and Management Control Board.
Skip to comments.
NFL Ratings Week 8 (down again)
Sports Media Watch ^ | 1 Nov 2017
Posted on by 11th_VA
Cumulative results from Sports Media Watch Data:
Papa John's sales reportedly drop amid national anthem protests  and the company is complaining to the NFL
TOPICS:
KEYWORDS:
boycottnfl
I continue to be impressed. 2016 was down from 2015, and 2017 is down from 2016.
To: 11th_VA
They killed the golden goose with thugs and black racists. Gonna be fun watching salaries and teams implode.
by 2 posted onby 2banana (My common ground with terrorists - they want to die for islam and we want to kill them)
To: 2banana
I'm doing my best to keep the numbers down. FUNFL.
To: 11th_VA
As long as Roger Goodell remains NFL Commissioner, this will continue. That is his mission. Destroy the game and the league.
by 4 posted onby Howie66 ("Tone down the tagline please." - Admin Moderator)
To: Howie66
Has less to do with Goddell than it does with the thugs who play the game. Goodell's sin is that he has allowed the players to show their true colors. Eventually he, or his successor will put a stop to this; my hope is that the fans never forget so that the NFL never recovers. They lost me when they supported SF's no-talent QB last year...
by 5 posted onby awelliott (What one generation tolerates, the next embraces....)
To: 11th_VA
I am cheering for Team America and against both teams in any National Felons League game. Boycotts and lost viewers are the points I want to see scored, and I'm getting my wish.
by 6 posted onby Pollster1 ("Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed")
To: awelliott
Goodell has not just allowed the inmates to take over the asylum, he has encouraged and promoted it. Do not cut him any slack at all. He doesn't deserve it.
by 7 posted onby Howie66 ("Tone down the tagline please." - Admin Moderator)
To: awelliott
I think this is great. I enjoy this venue more than the game. Watching people's numbers fall, knowing that they have no one to blame but themselves... Wow. This is great. I haven't watched one game this season of the NFL. and I am feeling good.
To: 11th_VA
I am thoroughly confused on why they keep having games in other countries. I think this also began to alienate many fans.
To: 11th_VA
There are too many sponsors to boycott them all — but Papa John's is low-hanging fruit. I need to remember to email them and Anheiser Busch today. I don't know if we will shut down the NFL but we can hurt it badly enough to where they will hear our money over the din of their privileged players.
by 10 posted onby freedumb2003 (Every Californian who supported "sanctuary state" has blood and ashes on his/her hands)
To: 11th_VA
My concern is that not enough of us will boycott the NFL as to put a serious dent into their overall profitability. I hope the trend continues downward.
To: 11th_VA
Negro Fatigue Syndrome carried by the Slum Dog Millionaires is slowly but surely killing the BLM/NFL bye bye thugs. Ask Jesse Jackson to get you a job at Mickey D's
by 12 posted onby jmaroneps37 (Conservatism is truth. Liberalism is lies.)
To: freedumb2003
I need to remember to email them and Anheiser Busch today. Remember Ford Motors using the sympathizer Aaron Rodgers on their truck ads.
by 13 posted onby doosee (Captain, we are approaching a new level of Hell.)
To: awelliott
Has less to do with Goodell than it does with thugs who play the game Rule number one dealing with thugs: never give them an opening. Colin Kaepernick knelt and the owners decided to be understanding? That's irreversible. I cannot comprehend that the owners and Goodell are bullied into not having suspended him from that game plus for another few weeks. Don't know that they can put the genie back in the bottle. Or the inmates back in the asylum.
by 14 posted onby grania (Deplorable and Proud of It!)
To: 11th_VA
#BOYCOTTNFL
To: tflabo
They are done; their operating model, combined with our national demographics, are unworkable. This problem started before the minority bread-and-circus entertainers decided to give us a piece of their minds, and won't likely change direction. I live a few miles south of the new Giants Stadium in NJ, and the replacement stadium was designed to fit more corporate boxes and less allowance for the “little people”; the average fans are more detached than ever from the league, and the games have becomes marathons of commercials - what is technically a 60 minute game is routinely 3 1/2+ hours long. 90 minute soccer matches finish in half the time...
by 16 posted onby kearnyirish2 (Affirmative action is economic warfare against white males (and therefore white families).)
To: 2banana
Yup, they've not only bit the hand that feeds them, they continue to chew away at it so it's completely destroyed. Pappa John needs to stop sponsoring the thug brigade and put out some very patriotic, flag and country lovin' ads instead. Then sit back and watch the business come back.
To: castlegreyskull
Theyre trying to see if it will catch on internationally. If it do they wont need the US fans and viewers. The people who own these teams are largely the same globalist oligarchs who take every other industry offshore in pursuit of higher profit margins.
To: 11th_VA
Some of the Houston Texans' players stated they'd considered walking off the team after the “inmates running the prison” comment by the team owner. My question is... what could be done to entice the entire NFL to walk out? I for one enjoyed watching replacement-player football in 1987, and would welcome it again. Dump the current crop of self-absorbed, America-hating thugs and replace them with players who (albeit less talented) would be on the field much more for the love of the game.
by 19 posted onby ScottinVA ( Liberals, go find another country.)
To: 11th_VA
The less the adults watch the less their children will. It will only continue downhill.
by 20 posted onby CodeToad (CWII is coming. Arm Up! They Are!)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
Since shortly after the 2012 passage of Amendment 64, which permitted limited recreational marijuana sales in Colorado, we've reported about alleged pot profiling. Over the years, multiple drivers have said they were pulled over for little or no reason while driving a car with Colorado license plates by state troopers in bordering states on the lookout for cannabis, with Kansas among the most frequently mentioned problem jurisdictions. Now, just over a year since a federal court ordered that pot profiling in Kansas end, a Denver-area resident tells us she's recently been stopped three times in the state by law enforcers who apparently became interested in her the second they saw that her plate represented a legal-pot state.
The woman asked not to be named in this post because she travels frequently out of state and doesn't want to become more of a target than she already is.
She believes she was profiled in Wyoming last year for driving a car with Colorado plates. "I got pulled over twice," she recalls, "and one of the times, they gave the person who was with me a ticket for having an inappropriate seat belt, because she had the lap belt on but not the shoulder belt. They ended up throwing that one out."
Continue Reading
More recently, the woman drove into Kansas in a Colorado-plated car en route to a family visit in Illinois and was pulled over for allegedly driving at a speed of 101 miles per hour. That didn't make any sense to her, since she had the cruise control on her vehicle set at a much lower level — and she was unsettled by the trooper's decision to search her car, even though he insisted that "this is just routine." In the end, though, "I didn't even argue about the ticket" despite its hefty cost, $257.
The next time she entered Kansas from Colorado, mere days ago, she was in a rental car with California license plates — but since Cali has now okayed recreational marijuana sales, she found herself on the law enforcement hook again. "Apparently, they also look out for California license plates," she says, "because why else would you be driving from California through Colorado into Kansas unless you were trafficking marijuana?"
Marijuana Deals Near You
On this occassion, she goes on, the profiling was especially overt. "I got off the turnpike to get some gas," she recalls, "and I saw him on the ramp. He sat there and waited for me to get back on the ramp, and then he pulled me over and said I was doing 81" in a 75 miles per hour zone.
Having learned from her previous experience, the driver didn't simply accept the trooper's word for her speed. "I'd locked in my cruise control at 75, and I told him that. But I also said, 'Do what you need to do.'"
EXPAND File image
The trooper asked for the woman's license, registration and rental-car agreement, and after checking them out, "he said, 'I'm going to give you a warning this time,' and I said, 'Fine.' But then he said, 'Can I ask you some questions?' Now, I have officers in my family, so I try my best to respect them. But I had a water bottle, and he said, 'I see you have a water bottle. What's in it?' And I was like, 'Excuse me? Water. That's what's in it.' But he picked it up and shook it anyway. Then he saw that I had two cell phones, and he asked, 'Why do you have two cell phones?' I said, 'One's for work and one's personal' — and he asked, 'What kind of work do you do?' I said, 'Why are you asking me all these questions?' And he said, 'I just want to know why you didn't fly instead of drive.'"
At that point, the woman was on the verge of exasperation. "I told him, 'I like to drive and listen to music — and by the way, I want to let you know that everybody in Colorado isn't getting high.'"
In response, the trooper said, "Okay" and walked away after leaving her with the warning, which referred generically to excessive speed without any mention of the alleged 81 miles-per-hour rate. But the driver's ordeal wasn't over.
"Twenty miles up the road, I see another trooper," she allows. "This time, I was doing 70 and the speed limit was 75. But he pulled me over anyway and said, 'You were speeding slightly.' I said, 'No, I wasn't.' Then he said, 'I didn't see your seat belt.'"
Since she'd heard that excuse in Wyoming last year, the woman wasn't caught off-guard. "I said, 'You're the second cop to pull me over in the last thirty minutes. What do you want?' And this time, he said, 'You were swaying on the road and I thought you were tired. Can I see your license?' And as I was getting it, he saw the warning and said, 'Why did you get it?' I told him, and he said, 'I've got you over the limit by a certain amount, too' — but he never said what the amount was."
Perhaps because he realized he'd given multiple reasons for the stop, the trooper didn't bother issuing the woman a warning, and she thinks standing up for herself was the key.
As she was driving home, she made sure she wasn't speeding — not that it mattered. In her words, "I noticed that there weren't any troopers watching in the direction to Colorado. But in the direction to St. Louis, they were all lined up. They were pulling over people right and left."
The woman reveals that she's made a formal complaint to the Kansas State Patrol about her experiences. But she doubts anything will change. "I was talking to one guy at a stop," she notes, "and he said, 'They're murder on Colorado license plates.' And I said, 'Yes, they are.'"
Manchester City are facing a UEFA charge, because their fans boo the Champions League anthem.
The absurd, unprecedented action – in essence a curb on the freedom of speech and protest at football matches – comes after another game in which City fans made their contempt known for those at the helm of football in Europe.
And it comes at a time when UEFA president Michel Platini is banned from football activities for 90 days, while an investigation continues into a payment of £1.35million delivered to him by tainted FIFA boss Sepp Blatter.
UEFA confirmed to Sportsmail that disciplinary proceedings have been opened against City after match officials reported the 'disruption of competition anthem' before kick-off in their match against Sevilla on Wednesday night.
Manchester City could be sanctioned over their fans booing during the Champions League anthem
City and Sevilla players walk out ahead of the playing of the official song of European premier competition
'CHAMPIONS LEAGUE': THE ANTHEM The UEFA Champions League anthem, officially named 'Champions League', was based on the GF Handel work 'Zadok the Priest' and adapted by Englishman Tony Britten after he was commissioned in 1992. The piece is performed by London's Royal Philharmonic Orchestra while the Academy of St Martin in the Fields Chorus sing the lyrics in English, French and German - UEFA's official languages. THE LYRICS Ce sont les meilleures equipes (French: Those are the best teams); Es sind sie allerbesten Mannschaften (German: They are best teams); The main event Die Meister (German: The masters); Die Besten (German: The best); Les grandes equipes (French: The great teams); The champions! Une grande reunion (A great meeting); Eine große sportliche Veranstaltung (A large sport reunion); The main event Ils sont les meilleurs (They are the best); Sie sind die Besten (They are the best); These are the champions
A UEFA spokesperson said the case will be heard by the UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body on November 19.
UEFA is in disarray right now, with FIFA's ethics commission announcing this week that acting president Angel Maria Villar Llona also faces a ban from football, alongside Franz Beckenbauer.
Yet in this rotten climate, UEFA have decided to pursue Manchester City once more – angered that the fanfare that precedes Champions League matches is not treated with due reverence.
The piece of music – adapted from Handel's Zadok the Priest with words provided by English composer Tony Britten – is played before each Champions League fixture.
At City it has been a tradition to boo throughout – as a protest against Platini's financial fair play rules.
City supporters feel their club were unfairly singled out when hit with a £50m fine in 2013. The fans' belief is that UEFA favoured the established elite when tying the amount an owner could spend to its existing turnover.
FFP hit the rocks following a legal challenge this year and has subsequently been greatly watered down.
Yet City's dissatisfaction remains and the fans' booing sums up their anger at what they see as UEFA's attempt to bar them out of the elite. This will do little to convince them otherwise.
The protests have taken on fresh relevance recently with UEFA beset by allegations of corruption.
City fans hit out at UEFA at a time when European football's governing body is in a state of disarray
Kevin De Bruyne celebrates scoring the late winner to secure maximum points for the Sky Blues
Stewards step in to ensure Sevilla (right) and City fans remain separated during Wednesday's match
FIFA's ethics commission announced this week that Franz Beckenbauer (left) and Angel Maria Villar Llona, UEFA's acting president after Michel Platini's 90-day suspension, also face a possible bans from football
Many also believe UEFA were at fault for their handling of CSKA Moscow. The Russian club received what some believed to be a paltry fine after sections of their support racially abused City midfielder Yaya Toure in 2013. They were also ordered to close parts of their stadium.
Following further incidents, the game between the sides the following season was supposed to be played behind closed doors, despite City supporters not being at fault.
Further salt was then rubbed into the wounds when a large number of vocal home fans attended the game. It is believed they secured tickets through media passes and sponsorship allocations.
City played out a disappointing 2-2 draw against fierce backing for the hosts from vocal fans in the main stand which, with no City support present, made for a peculiar environment.
Captain Vincent Kompany hit out at UEFA over the bizarre situation: 'This one really annoys me and maybe it's on top of other things as well.
A fierce pocket of CSKA support appeared in Khimki Stadium last year when it was meant to be empty
The stadium was supposed to be closed due to a UEFA sanction but 300 fans found a way in for the 2-2 draw
City and CSKA line up behind an anti-racism banner after the Russians were sanctioned over racist fans
UEFA ordered their match last year be played behind closed doors because of racist behaviour by CSKA fans
Bayern Munich fans at the Emirates for their match against Arsenal on Tuesday show banners protesting matches being played behind closed doors after they too suffered from a ban imposed on CSKA supporters
'You say "No fans" then all of a sudden you turn up and basically the only team that hasn't got fans is Man City.
European Convention on Human Rights, Article 10: Freedom of expression 1) Everyone has the right to freedom of expression. This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers. This article shall not prevent States from requiring the licensing of broadcasting, television or cinema enterprises.
'So who's getting punished? Who is being done for racism? Man City or Moscow, you know?'
The Russian club weren't allowed to sell tickets for the Etihad fixture but no action was taken against the club for the match at Arena Khimki.
Some City fans also believe UEFA's seeding system protects established clubs and has hampered their cause.
An 11-year-old girl has just won a $20,000 award from AT&T for helping to create an app that discourages users from texting while driving. It was part of a promotion to generate awareness for the “It Can Wait” campaign, a “just say no to drugs” for today's youth that stresses the perils of distracted driving.
Victoria Walker collaborated with designer David Grau to create an app called Rode Dog. It works by encouraging friends to join one another in a “pack.” Assuming the group all installs the app, they act as monitors for one another. So if users log on and realize their friend is texting while driving, they can send a loud barking sound to that friend. Then, the sound will not stop until the phone is put away.
Walker and Grau hope to have the app up and running on the app storefronts for Android, iOS, and Windows Phone later this year. They have said the prize money will go toward enhancing the app.
Of course, there are many other options for preventing texting while driving. They all rely on the phone's built-in GPS or satellite location to determine if users are traveling at a speed greater than the defined setting. Most of these options, however, are mainly designed for parents to restrict their children from using the phone while driving.
Because of the explosion of this new “It Can Wait” campaign, though, there will likely be a much bigger focus on app development and services geared toward users who want to police themselves or their friends.
More at Rode Dog, via LA Times
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
On Wednesday, ESPN reported that Carmelo Anthony is expected to meet with the Houston Rockets, Dallas Mavericks, and Chicago Bulls once free agency begins on July 1. While the Los Angeles Lakers are not on Anthony's current list, Kobe Bryant plans to recruit the All-Star forward according to ESPN's Chris Broussard:
Though the Los Angeles Lakers are not on Anthony's current list, Kobe Bryant plans to recruit him to the team. Bryant, who is close with Anthony, spoke to him by telephone when they were in separate parts of Europe earlier this week. Bryant told ESPN.com in a text message that he plans to meet with Anthony, as well.
While there were conflicting reports on the Lakers' interest in Anthony for much of the season, the Lakers were expected to be one of many teams to make their sales pitch once he opted out of his contract on Monday. Although Los Angeles has the cap room to sign him, Anthony would consider the Lakers if they “strengthened” the roster this off-season.
— Lakers Nation Summer Sale Is Here! Get 32% Off Orders More Than $20! Use Code: #TheFuture —
For the Lakers, they face their most important off-season in nearly a decade. With the seventh pick in the NBA Draft tomorrow, the Lakers are most likely going to keep the pick, but may be looking at other options, like packaging it with Steve Nash to clear some cap space.
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Kobe Bryant On LeBron James, Championships – Also Says He's 100%
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Today, Capcom shared some more screenshots for Ace Attorney 6, this time focusing on two returning elements: the Perceive ability, and the investigation memo.
The Perceive ability was first introduced in Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney, and made its comeback in Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Dual Destinies. Naturally, it will work the same way in Ace Attorney 6: while questioning witnesses, you will have to scrutinise them and find weird habits when they say specific things. That's the sign they're hiding something: you then need to press them, in order to get more details.
As for the investigation memo, it was introduced in Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney – Dual Destinies, and it's another gameplay system making its comeback. It allows you to make sure you haven't forgotten anything during the investigation parts (like asking a specific question to a witness), and avoid getting stuck, not knowing what to do in order to progress.
Here's the latest batch of screenshots for Ace Attorney 6:
Next, here are some of the retailer bonuses:
AmiAmi: door hanger
Animate: business card holder, with Mitamaru (Bokuto Tsuani's dog) on the cover
Imagine Web Shop: poster (A1)
Gamers: set of microfiber coasters
Stella Worth: set of 4 bromides
7 Net Shopping: set of postcards
Ace Attorney 6 (3DS) comes out on June 9th in Japan. A European and North American release has already been confirmed.
Source: 4Gamer.net
Popular male group EXO will be releasing a new track titled “December, 2014,” for the SMTOWN mobile rhythm game, Superstar SMTOWN, in just a few days!
Fans will be able to further enjoy the SMTOWN mobile game with a new track by EXO, set to be released on December 19th.
“December, 2014” is a thank-you holiday gift to EXO-L's from the male group, and is a continuation from last year's winter track, “Miracles in December.” The track speaks of a magical love that revolves around the Earth and back to return to its loved one, sung and expressed with the warm vocals of D.O, Baekhyun, and Chen.
The music, rhythm mobile game launched in August and features tracks by TVXQ, BoA, Super Junior, Super Junior-M, Girls' Generation, SHINee, f(x), EXO and Red Velvet, and has already achieved 200,000 downloads in Korea via Google Play.
A teaser for “December, 2014” will be released later today on December 15th.
Source: Chosun
Vote for EXO at the 2014 International Hallyu Awards at http://awards.koreaboo.com/category/
Two women in their late 20s walk into a Manhattan bar. One, an energetic blonde named Jayne, is the cofounder of a financial technology start-up. Her , Tina, is a computer programmer with a tattoo and an Ivy League degree. Both single, they instinctively know not to talk about their jobs with any men who approach them. “Guys shut down,” Tina says.
Ask a straight man if he's attracted to smart women and in all likelihood he'll say yes. Ask him if he'd go for someone smarter than he is and, again, he'd likely say yes, as was discovered in a recent study led by psychologist Lora Park at the State University of New York at Buffalo. When male volunteers were told that a hypothetical female classmate outscored them on a math or verbal test, the majority said they would prefer her as a romantic partner over a woman with a lower score.
Sounds enlightened. But Park and her colleagues—psychologist Paul Eastwick and Ariana Young, a doctoral student—pressed on. They asked their subjects to take a math test, then manipulated each man's result to make it higher or lower than that of an actual woman sitting next to him. When the man's score was higher than the woman's, he was more likely to put his seat nearer to her and express romantic interest. But when his score was lower than hers, the study showed, he was likely to feel less attracted to her, less masculine himself, and less interested in getting her contact information or going on a date with her. He also set his chair farther away from her.
Park is quick to clarify that previous research has shown that men are attracted to female ; in fact, it's one of the strongest predictors of romantic interest. It's when men have the sense of being outperformed, she says, that “things get tricky in real life.” The finding jibes with previous research, including a Columbia University speed- experiment in which single guys valued female smarts—but only up to a point. If a woman they met seemed smarter or more ambitious than they believed themselves to be, they dialed down their romantic interest.
If such a pair actually go out, the man's mindset isn't guaranteed to be very different. Kate Ratliff, a psychologist at the University of Florida, led a recent study in which men in a dating relationship were asked to reflect on a time when their partner was successful in an intellectual or academic domain. The task led to a drop in men's implicit , as did news that their girlfriend outscored them on a social-intelligence test. “It's more of a gut reaction of negativity, not a thought-out response,” Ratliff explains. “Without realizing it, men reframe ‘Wow, my partner is successful' as ‘Wow, my partner is successful and I am unsuccessful.'”
The blow to the ego, however self-inflicted, appears to hurt how men see their relationship. In Ratliff's study, they distanced themselves from their partner and were less optimistic about their future together. Asked to reflect on a girlfriend's failures, however, their self-esteem increased, as did their perceived odds of being together in the longterm. (Female self-esteem, meanwhile, was unaffected by a partner's success.)
Not every fellow has the of actor George Clooney, who calls his wife Amal, an accomplished international lawyer, his intellectual superior and himself her “arm candy.” Men often feel they need to defend their status as competent and competitive, Park explains, and being outperformed is a threat. We can attribute this to traditional roles, biology, and evolutionary biases that favor and rivalry. If nothing overrides a man's feeling of inadequacy, he can become and depressed and suffer from low self-esteem. He might that a woman who outperforms him is out of his league, or that she'll leave him for a sharper go-getter.
If a man reacts negatively to the perceived superiority of a woman, he's probably unaware of it. “People are not very good at introspecting and reporting why they do what they do,” Park says. If she had asked any of her subjects why he wasn't romantically interested in the woman who outscored him, chances are he would come up with reasons unrelated to her smarts. He might reframe the woman's intelligence—a trait he claimed to value dearly—in an unflattering light, casting her as cold, pretentious, or a cookie-cutter know-it-all, when, in fact, his ego was threatened. If any of us could access our , we'd see that we pick partners and stay with them based not on lofty, abstract ideals, but on how they make us feel.
The hopeful news is that men can feel great—even when a female partner outperforms them—if they view the relationship itself as an emotional resource. A study based at the University of Toronto used the familiar setup in which men (and women) are told that their real-life significant other scored higher on an intelligence test. This time, they had to rate their degree of closeness to their partner beforehand, as well as afterward, which made them reflect on the warmth and affection they felt for each other. For those who were close to their lovers, the news of that person's superior test results appeared to actually activate feelings of connectedness and an affirmation of the relationship's value. The result: Male self-esteem remained intact.
“The more the male partner can focus his thoughts on the ‘ ' aspect of the relationship, the better he copes,” says Rebecca Pinkus, a psychologist at Western Sydney University who researches strategies that couples use to overcome divisive comparison. He could achieve this, she says, by taking pride in his partner's abilities and being happy for her successes—an attitude known as the “ response.” He could think of their skills as complementary: “She excels in domain A, whereas I excel in domain B.” Or he could focus on how his partner's intelligence might benefit him or their life together in a variety of ways, like a better that boosts them financially. The bottom line, Pinkus , is the perception of a shared fate, an overlapping of identities, a sense of “we.”
But how does a brainy woman get from “me” to “we”? A better strategy than propping up male self-esteem by hiding her own intellect, Park suggests, is finding a man who's supportive of a prospective mate's intelligence and ambition from the start. A woman has more options if she's willing to override romantic scripts that encourage her to underplay her strengths and make men think they're smarter than she.
As for single guys, there's a little-known benefit for those who genuinely prefer women who are smarter than they are. Park's latest research found that these men, once primed with romantic thoughts, actually perform better than they otherwise would on science and math tests. Motivated to impress an impressive woman, some men rise to the occasion.
image: bbernard/Shutterstock
Screenshot from UFC.tv
UPDATE: A UFC representative contacted Bleacher Report and noted that the UFC.tv price listing is a mistake. Pay-per-view prices will go back to the normal $54.95 listing following UFC 168.
When a $5 price hike was announced for UFC 168—taking it from the normal $54.95 to $59.95—fans of the promotion were up in arms. But UFC president Dana White quickly assured them that it was a one-time-only deal, and noted that he wasn't even part of the decision-making process.
According to Dave Meltzer of MMAFighting.com, White says it was UFC CEO Lorenzo Fertitta who made the call: "White noted that the price will go back to $44.95 and $54.95 for the Feb. 1 show in Newark,N.J., which will remain the regular price."
Judging from the UFC's own website, it appears that White has once again been left out of the decision-making process.
UFC.tv—the official digital outlet for ordering Ultimate Fighting Championship pay-per-view events online—now lists the buying cost for both UFC 169 and 170 at the same $59.95 price as UFC 168.
Those events are headlined by a bantamweight title unification match between Dominick Cruz and Renan Barao and the light heavyweight debut of Daniel Cormier as he takes on Rashad Evans, respectively.
And while they are intriguing fights, the rest of the cards are not remotely as stacked with star power as UFC 168; exorbitant salaries and fan intrigue cannot be blamed for the higher prices.
UFC officials did not respond to requests for comment.
UFC.tv is scheduled to relaunch this Saturday as UFC Fight Pass, a subscription service with a monthly price that fans can pay to access a giant library of UFC, Pride and WEC events. Subscribers will also have the option to watch a selection of international cards live before they air on tape delay on Fox Sports 1 or Fox Sports 2.
Despite the discovery of a beta version of the UFC Fight Pass service (on a staging web server that has since been taken offline), sources have indicated to Bleacher Report that a final decision on the price point will not be made until Thursday or Friday.
The service is expected to be officially unveiled to the media during an event prior to UFC 168. Bleacher Report will attend both and have more information, both on the service and on what appears to be a permanent pay-per-view price hike for UFC events.
Usher performs onstage during his "The UR Experience" tour opener at Bell Centre on November 1, 2014 in Montreal, Canada.
A new song by Usher will be the prize at the bottom of select cereal boxes. Starting Tuesday, a exclusive single will be available for download with specially-marked Honey Nut Cheerios packages purchased at Walmart stores across the country.
Concert Review: Usher Kicks Off His UR Experience Tour in Detroit With Mixed Results
The track is called "Clueless" and comes amidst a prolonged wait for the singer's new album, UR.
The promotion follows a commercial released in August that features Usher's "She Came To Give It To You." That clip shows Usher practicing his dance moves when the cereal's mascot, Buzz The Bee, joins him to discuss the healthy benefits of Honey Nut Cheerios via dance moves. Watch it here:
The Canadian Press
WINNIPEG - Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister is refusing to answer opposition questions about how he stays in touch while at his vacation home in Costa Rica.
Pallister has been criticized since saying last year he plans to spend up to eight weeks a year in the Central American country.
He has previously said he rarely uses his government email account and prefers direct phone conversations.
At a legislature committee, New Democrat justice critic Andrew Swan asked Pallister which of his staff and caucus members Pallister has spoken with by phone while he has been in Costa Rica.
Pallister said that for security reasons he doesn't want to reveal how he communicates while down south.
Pallister says he stays in touch regularly and covers all communications costs himself while in Costa Rica.
SEMA is the best U.S. Auto Show for tuning.
On the end of every year, tuners around the world meet each other in Las Vegas to demonstrate how good they know to tune their cars and what improvements can bring.
More than 100,000 tuning firms, from all continents shows their best and newest creations, or they come here to attract exclusivity for distributing the newest tuning elements.
If the tuning show is made as an American brand, many personalities (as music celebrities) come to see how their luxury cars should look.
Because of the impressive number of expositors, from all continents, at SEMA you can find many â€œcreationsâ€ with a lot of good taste, but also many â€œugly stuffsâ€, which have their role in this great show!
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
SEMA 2007
Tags: cars, car tuning, tuning shows, SEMA, photo gallery
You may be interested in:
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 18, 2015, 4:51 PM GMT / Updated April 18, 2015, 5:17 PM GMT / Source: NBC News By Elizabeth Chuck
A rookie Ohio cop is being praised for "great restraint and maturity" after he held off using deadly force against a double murder suspect who charged at him, his police chief said.
In a confrontation Thursday with a man accused of killing his fiancee and his best friend, New Richmond Police Officer Jesse Kidder is heard on his body-camera video yelling, "No man, I'm not going to do it!" and ordering the suspect to get down on the ground.
The suspect rushes toward him shouting, "Shoot me, shoot me!"
"Back up!" screams Kidder, holding his gun out. The man finally crumples to the ground just feet away from the officer in the video taken in the Cincinnati suburb of Elsmere, Kentucky.
Investigators say Michael Wilcox, 27, killed his fiancee in their Brown County, Ohio, home, then killed his best friend in Elsmere, reported NBC affiliate WLWT in Cincinnati, which first obtained the body-camera video. A Brown County investigator spotted Wilcox Thursday night at about 8 p.m. and attempted to stop him, but Wilcox claimed he had a gun and drove away, officials said.
He was then followed by New Richmond police on a car chase through multiple counties on the Ohio-Kentucky border before Kidder caught Wilcox and arrested him.
The nonviolent confrontation caught on video has been highlighted as a positive example of police officer encounters nationwide. Their actions have been blemished by shootings of unarmed men, including a deadly officer shooting earlier this month in South Carolina.
Officers' use of force has been the subject of protests since last August, when white police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed black teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. Wilson was not wearing a body camera, which raised questions about what exactly led him to shoot and whether all police officers should be outfitted with the tiny video recorders.
( © damianeva/Flickr/Creative Commons )
"Behold, I and the children whom the Lord hath given me are for signs and for wonders in Israel from the Lord of hosts, which dwelleth in mount Zion" (Is. 8:18).
Pharaoh asked scornfully, "Who is the Lord?" (Ex. 5:2). At God's command, Aaron threw down his rod and it became a snake. Pharaoh's magicians laughed as their rods also turned into snakes, but the laughter died when Aaron's snake (rod) devoured theirs.
God proclaimed, "I will multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt" (Ex. 7:3). As 10 plagues ravaged the land, Pharaoh, his magicians and all of Egypt came to know beyond a doubt who the Lord is.
God is multiplying His signs and wonders in our generation.
Just as in the days of Moses, God is revealing Himself to the scoffers, the doubters, the cynics and the sinners who scornfully ask, "Who is the Lord?"
You do not need to prove or defend God to skeptics. Simply lift up the name of Jesus and speak about your faith with simplicity and clarity. Love your enemies, thereby demonstrating who God is to them.
Lord, I trust You to reveal Yourself through signs and wonders. Let Your enemies see who You are. Amen.
Rod Parsley is a well-known pastor and Charisma House author.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
Larry Summersthinks we need to do more. Now. (Chip Somodevilla/GETTY IMAGES)
Rajan presented a paper titled “Has Financial Innovation Made the World Riskier?” His answer, put simply, was “Yes.” He was dismissed by the assembled masters of the universe. “Misguided,” said Larry Summers. But Rajan was right.
In this month's Foreign Affairs, Rajan is back with another warning. “The industrial countries have a choice,” he writes. “They can act as if all is well except that their consumers are in a funk and so what John Maynard Keynes called ‘animal spirits' must be revived through stimulus measures. Or they can treat the crisis as a wake-up call and move to fix all that has been papered over in the last few decades and thus put themselves in a better position to take advantage of coming opportunities.”
This time, Rajan's comments are being received more favorably. Greg Mankiw, the Harvard economist who advises Mitt Romney, called the essay “wise.” Tyler Cowen, the George Mason University economist who runs the popular blog Marginal Revolution, was even more direct: “Rajan nails it,” he wrote.
But he is once again on the opposite side of the issue from Summers. This time, however, there has been an unusual role reversal: It is Summers who is trying to rouse an economics profession that has settled into a kind of complacency, and Rajan whose argument is more comfortable to much of the political and economic establishment.
Rajan's commentary is perhaps the clearest manifesto yet from the school of post-recession thought that I've come to think of as “the long-termers.” The long-termers don't deny the enormous and ongoing human suffering caused by the recession. They don't argue that the best course is passivity. Rather, they argue that there's not much that we can or should do in the short run, and so we may as well focus on long-run issues such as the design of the tax code and the quality of our schools. (For another example of long-termism, see today's David Brooks column.)
But as Summers sees it, the short run has a nasty tendency to become the long run. “The evidence is that cyclical problems harden into structural problems,” he says, “because people who have been out of work for a year lose their ability to work.”
The longer you've been unemployed, the harder it is to get back into the labor force. “If you've been unemployed for a few weeks, your chance of finding a job is 30 or 40 percent,” says Michael Reich, an economist at the University of California at Berkeley. “If you've been unemployed for six months, it's 10 percent.”
Since the recession began, the “labor participation rate” has fallen to levels not seen since 1981. Some of that is older workers retiring. But much of it is discouraged workers giving up on searching for new jobs.
Fewer workers, of course, means less economic growth and lower tax revenue. In a recent study, Summers, alongside Berkeley's Brad DeLong, showed that in a depressed economy, stimulus measures could pay for themselves if they worked to prevent these kinds of long-term labor crises.
Rajan, of course, agrees that it would be good to address these problems if we could. He thinks it would be great to employ more workers rebuilding the nation's infrastructure, but he doesn't think we can get those projects up and running fast enough to make a difference. He thinks it would make sense to write down much of the housing debt in the parts of the nation that have been hit the hardest by the economic crisis, but he doesn't think the politics will permit that. He thinks that as long as the housing market is choking on foreclosures, there's not much that monetary policy can do, as it mainly works through stimulating demand for housing.
“I don't see great short-term solutions,” he says. “When people say austerity is not the answer, fine; if you have great things to spend on, let us know what they are.”
To Summers, though, this fatalism is sober-sounding nonsense. “Surely we can have public employment grow as rapidly as it did during George W. Bush or Bill Clinton's presidency,” he says. “Surely we can have classes across America be as small as they were five years ago. Surely if you put more money into the hands of lower-income people they will spend a substantial fraction of it.”
In a reversal from their earlier debates, it is now Rajan's argument that is easier for the political class to embrace: Proposing more stimulus, or more expansionary Federal Reserve policy, is politically dangerous in a way that calling for education reform simply isn't. But unlike before, we don't have to choose between the two sides.
We could spend more on teachers and classroom repairs now while passing budget cuts and tax increases that really kick in after unemployment has dropped to, say, 7 percent. We could rebuild the nation's infrastructure while doubling down on our education reforms. We could, in other words, make both the short term and long term better. But we're doing neither. And Summers and Rajan, in case you're curious, both oppose that course of inaction.
Taking Back Sunday have inked a deal with Hopeless Records, home to bands like All-Time Low, Yellowcard, and The Wonder Years, and will release their sixth album in the spring of 2014 through the label.
The group just began pre-production in Long Island today with Mike Sapone, and previously recorded a batch of tracks in Michigan with producer Marc Hudson.
This marks Taking Back Sunday's return to an independent label, after three consecutive major label releases, and will be their first time partnering with Hopeless. Most recently, the band self-released a live acoustic album, TAYF10.
Check out a tweet from Hopeless:
GUESS WHAT?! @TBSOfficial is now part of the Hopeless Records family! Spread the word! We are so excited! http://t.co/Hg4soScF38 — Hopeless Records (@hopelessrecords) August 15, 2013
Taking Back Sunday will play a handful of dates in September, including a supporting slot with Blink-182, filming for a TAYF10 electric release in New Jersey, and an appearance at Riot Fest, before departing for a fall tour of the U.S. with Transit and Polar Bear Club. Here's their full routing and support:
Sept 8 – Mohegan Sun – Uncasville, CT &
Sept 11 – Starland Ballroom – Sayreville, NJ *
Sept 12 – Starland Ballroom – Sayreville, NJ @
Sept 14 – Riot Fest – Chicago, IL
Oct 11 – Upstate Concert Hall – Clifton Park, NY ^#
Oct 12 – Town Ballroom – Buffalo, NY ^#
Oct 13 – Water Street Music Hall – Rochester, NY ^#
Oct 14 – Sherman Theater – Stroudsburg, PA ^#
Oct 16 – Stage AE – Pittsburg, PA ^#
Oct 17 – Newport Music Hall – Columbus, OH ^#
Oct 18 – Madison Theater – Covington, KY ^#
Oct 19 – The Castle Theatre – Bloomington, IL ^#
Oct 20 – Orpheum Theatre – Madison, WI ^#
Oct 22 – Wooly's – Des Moines, IA ^#
Oct 23 – Sokol Upstairs – Omaha, NE ^#
Oct 25 – FIT Homecoming 2013 / Downtown – Melbourne, FL
Oct 26 – Marathon Music Works – Nashville, TN ^#
Oct 27 – Iron City – Birmingham, AL ^#
Oct 29 – White Rabbit – San Antonio, TX ^#
Oct 30 – Cain's Ballroom – Tulsa, OK ^#
Oct 31 – The Pageant – St. Louis, MO ^#
Nov 1 – Expo Five – Louisville, KY ^#
Nov 2 – House of Blues – Myrtle Beach, SC #%
Nov 3 – The Fillmore – Charlotte, NC ^%
Nov 5 – The Norva – Norfolk, VA ^#
Nov 6 – Rams Head Live – Baltimore, MD ^#
Nov 7 – The Emporium – Long Island, NY ^#
^ with Transit
# with Polar Bear Club
% with The Maine, Anberlin
& with Blink-182
* with Get Involved!
@ with Bad Rabbits
Tory MP criticises ex-families minister for 'failing to produce one of her own'
Tory MP Tim Loughton faced a barrage of criticism on Monday after suggesting that the Liberal Democrat Sarah Teather had been a poor families minister because she failed to "produce" a child of her own.
In remarks which were angrily condemned by Liberal Democrats, the former children's minister claimed Teather had made the Department for Education (DfE) a "family-free zone" when they worked together. Both lost their ministerial jobs in the 2012 reshuffle.
David Heath, the Lib Dem agriculture minister, told the Guardian that Loughton's unhappiness at losing a government job had coloured his judgment, saying: "We get it by now - Tim Loughton is bitter about being sacked. But that comment is inappropriate from anybody."
Loughton's remarks about his time working with Teather in government were made at a Tory event in Windsor.
"The person who was actually in charge of family policy among the ministerial team at the DfE was Sarah Teather. Which was a bit difficult because she doesn't really believe in family," he said.
"She certainly didn't produce one of her own. So it became a bit of a family-free zone. I think that is a huge disappointment."
Addressing Conservative activists at the weekend, he said his support for policies such as a married couples' tax break had been frustrated by Teather.
Asked about his criticisms by the Telegraph, Loughton said it was a "throwaway comment" and "not really fair". He said he wanted to focus on the fact the Lib Dems oppose rewarding marriage in the tax system because they have "little interest in family policy and certainly not traditional views of what constitutes a family".
Later, he said on Twitter that he would say sorry to Teather. "I will of course apologise to Sarah for the comments that have been reported and were certainly not intended or indeed said in that way," he wrote.
Loughton told the meeting the decline in the numbers of children born to married parents had contributed to the "chaos of the herd instinct" in the 2011 riots, and said the Conservative party was failing its own supporters by doing too little to support marriage.
"Many hard-working traditional families have been facing some pretty tough economic times, some pretty tough losses of benefits and tax-breaks at our hands, and these by and large are our supporters and our people. We have failed them to a large degree," he said.
Loughton, who is married and has three children, has been a persistent critic of Michael Gove's department since leaving office, saying it was run like the fictional department store Grace Brothers.
He added he would continue to push the coalition to support married couples from the backbenches.
Teather declined to comment. She will not seek re-election in 2015, she revealed this month.
Kate Green, the shadow equalities minister, said Loughton's comments were inappropriate.
"It's particularly distasteful to talk about people's private family choices and personal circumstances," she said.
Former Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack, Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary: report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE slammed Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE on Friday for reversing his directive that was aimed at easing mandatory minimum sentences for drug crimes.
Sessions rescinded the Holder policy in a memo late Thursday, instructing federal prosecutors across the country to charge defendants with the most serious crimes possible.
“The policy announced today is not tough on crime. It is dumb on crime,” Holder said in a statement obtained by MSNBC's Rachel Maddow.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It is an ideologically motivated, cookie-cutter approach that has only been proven to generate unfairly long sentences that are often applied indiscriminately and do little to achieve long-term public safety.”
In the memo, Sessions told federal prosecutors to “pursue the most serious, readily provable offense” that by definition “carry the most substantial guidelines sentence, including mandatory minimums.”
The new marching orders are a drastic shift from those given by Holder, who in 2013 urged federal prosecutors to reserve the harshest charges for violent criminals and the leaders of drug cartels, while applying more leniency to non-violent offenders, like those involved in low-level drug crimes.
Holder in his statement said Justice Department data show that federal law enforcers have prosecuted more high-level drug crimes since the start of his Smart on Crime policy.
“Abandoning this evidence-based progress and turning back the clock to discredited, emotionally motivated, ideological policy also threatens the financial stability of the federal criminal justice system,” he said.
Under Sessions's policy, Holder said the department would once again find itself spending a third of its budget on incarcerating people.
Joining Holder, Democrats on Capitol Hill wasted no time Friday slamming the new guidelines for resurrecting a “war on drugs” mentality that “doubles down on a policy that … was ineffective and discriminatory,” in the words of Rep. Cedric Richmond (D-La.).
Richmond, the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), said the shift to tougher enforcement would tear apart minority communities while ignoring the deeper causes of criminal activity, particularly nonviolent offenses related to drugs.
“In the name of helping communities, this policy destroyed many of them, including the families that live there,” Richmond said in a statement.
In his memo, Sessions did allow for circumstances when “good judgment” may lead prosecutors to believe “a strict application” of his new policies “is not warranted.” In such cases, prosecutors “should carefully consider whether an exception may be justified.” Any deviance from the policies must also be cleared by higher-ups in the Justice Department.
But that flexibility in no way appeased the Democratic critics. Richmond praised the Obama-era policies for “making sure that long and harsh sentences were consistent with the crime.”
“This was fiscally smart and compassionate policy that started to stem the tide of mass incarceration in our country,” he said.
“It is widely known that every $1 we spend on mass incarceration makes the country less safe, but Attorney General Sessions has not learned this lesson and is determined to continue the war on drugs with extremely brutal force.”
There is no love lost between Sessions and the CBC, whose members have long-denounced the new attorney general, a former Republican senator from Alabama, for his track record on issues as diverse as civil rights, immigration reform and criminal justice reform.
The critics are also wary of Sessions because of decades-old allegations that he'd made racially insensitive statements as an Alabama state prosecutor in the 1980s — allegations that prompted a Republican-led Senate committee to reject Sessions's nomination for a federal judgeship in 1986. Sessions has denied the allegations repeatedly over the years.
Coretta Scott King, the late wife of Martin Luther King Jr., had rebuked Sessions during that confirmation process, saying he had used his powers as a state judge “to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.”
And fear not lest Existence closing your
Account, should lose, or know the type no more;
The Eternal Saki from the Bowl has poured'd
Millions of Bubbles like us, and will pour.
When You and I behind the Veil are past,
Oh, but the long long while the World shall last,
Which of our Coming and Departure heeds
As much as Ocean of a pebble-cast.
-- Omar Khayyam, Rubaiyat
A CONSEQUENTIALIST VIEW OF IDENTITY
The typical argument for cryonics says that if we can preserve brain data, one day we may be able to recreate a functioning brain and bring the dead back to life.
The typical argument against cryonics says that even if we could do that, the recreation wouldn't be "you". It would be someone who thinks and acts exactly like you.
The typical response to the typical argument against cryonics says that identity isn't in specific atoms, so it's probably in algorithms, and the recreation would have the same mental algorithms as you and so be you. The gap in consciousness of however many centuries is no more significant than the gap in consciousness between going to bed at night and waking up in the morning, or the gap between going into a coma and coming out of one.
We can call this a "consequentialist" view of identity, because it's a lot like the consequentialist views of morality. Whether a person is "me" isn't a function of how we got to that person, but only of where that person is right now: that is, how similar that person's thoughts and actions are to my own. It doesn't matter if we got to him by having me go to sleep and wake up as him, or got to him by having aliens disassemble my brain and then simulate it on a cellular automaton. If he thinks like me, he's me.
A corollary of the consequentialist view of identity says that if someone wants to create fifty perfect copies of me, all fifty will "be me" in whatever sense that means something.
GRADATIONS OF IDENTITY
An argument against cryonics I have never heard, but which must exist somewhere, says that even the best human technology is imperfect, and likely a few atoms here and there - or even a few entire neurons - will end up out of place. Therefore, the recreation will not be you, but someone very very similar to you.
And the response to this argument is "Who cares?" If by "me" you mean Yvain as of 10:20 PM 4th April 2012, then even Yvain as of 10:30 is going to have some serious differences at the atomic scale. Since I don't consider myself a different person every ten minutes, I shouldn't consider myself a different person if the resurrection-machine misplaces a few cells here or there.
But this is a slippery slope. If my recreation is exactly like me except for one neuron, is he the same person? Signs point to yes. What about five neurons? Five million? Or on a functional level, what if he blinked at exactly one point where I would not have done so? What if he prefers a different flavor of ice cream? What if he has exactly the same memories as I do, except for the outcome of one first-grade spelling bee I haven't thought about in years anyway? What if he is a Hindu fundamentalist?
If we're going to take a consequentialist view of identity, then my continued ability to identify with myself even if I naturally switch ice cream preferences suggests I should identify with a botched resurrection who also switches ice cream preferences. The only solution here that really makes sense is to view identity in shades of gray instead of black-and-white. An exact clone is more me than a clone with different ice cream preferences, who is more me than a clone who is a Hindu fundamentalist, who is more me than LeBron James is.
BIG WORLDS
There are various theories lumped together under the title "big world".
The simplest is the theory that the universe (or multiverse) is Very Very Big. Although the universe is probably only 15 billion years old, which means the visible universe is only 30 billion light years in size, inflation allows the entire universe to get around the speed of light restriction; it could be very large or possibly infinite. I don't have the numbers available, but I remember a back of the envelope calculation being posted on Less Wrong once about exactly how big the universe would have to be to contain repeating patches of about the size of the Earth. That is, just as the first ten digits of pi, 3141592653, must repeat somewhere else in pi because pi is infinite and patternless, and just as I would believe this with high probability even if pi were not infinite but just very very large, so the arrangement of atoms that make up Earth would recur in an infinite or very very large universe. This arrangement would obviously include you, exactly as you are now. A much larger class of Earth-sized patches would include slightly different versions of you like the one with different ice cream preferences. This would also work, as Omar Khayyam mentioned in the quote at the top, if the universe were to last forever or a very very long time.
The second type of "big world" is the one posited by the Many Worlds theory of quantum mechanics, in which each quantum event causes the Universe to split into several branches. Because quantum events determine larger-level events, and because each branch continues branching, some these branches could be similar to our universe but with observable macro-scale differences. For example, there might be a branch in which you are the President of the United States, or the Pope, or died as an infant. Although this sounds like a silly popular science version of the principle, I don't think it's unfair or incorrect.
The third type of "big world" is modal realism: the belief that all possible worlds exist, maybe in proportion to their simplicity (whatever that means). We notice the existence of our own world only for indexical reasons: that is, just as there are many countries, but when I look around me I only see my own; so there are many possibilities, but when I look around me I only see my own. If this is true, it is not only possible but certain that there is a world where I am Pope and so on.
There are other types of "big worlds" that I won't get into here, but if any type at all is correct, then there should be very many copies of me or people very much like me running around.
CRYONICS WITHOUT FREEZERS
Cryonicists say that if you freeze your brain, you may experience "waking up" a few centuries later when someone uses the brain to create a perfect copy of you.
But whether or not you freeze your brain, a Big World is creating perfect copies of you all the time. The consequentialist view of identity says that your causal connection with these copies is unnecessary for them to be you. So why should a copy of you created by a far-future cryonicist with access to your brain be better able to "resurrect" you than a copy of you that comes to exist for some other reason?
For example, suppose I choose not to sign up for cryonics, have a sudden heart attack, and die in my sleep. Somewhere in a Big World, there is someone exactly like me except that they didn't have the heart attack and they wake up healthy the next morning.
The cryonicists believe that having a healthy copy of you come into existence after you die is sufficient for you to "wake up" as that copy. So why wouldn't I "wake up" as the healthy, heart-attack-free version of me in the universe next door?
Or: suppose that a Friendly AI fills a human-sized three-dimensional grid with atoms, using a quantum dice to determine which atom occupies each "pixel" in the grid. This splits the universe into as many branches as there are possible permutations of the grid (presumably a lot) and in one of those branches, the AI's experiment creates a perfect copy of me at the moment of my death, except healthy. If creating a perfect copy of me causes my "resurrection", then that AI has just resurrected me as surely as cryonics would have.
The only downside I can see here is that I have less measure (meaning I exist in a lower proportion of worlds) than if I had signed up for cryonics directly. This might be a problem if I think that my existence benefits others - but I don't think I should be concerned for my own sake. Right now I don't go to bed at night weeping that my father only met my mother through a series of unlikely events and so most universes probably don't contain me; I'm not sure why I should do so after having been resurrected in the far future.
RESURRECTION AS SOMEONE ELSE
What if the speculative theories involved in Big Worlds all turn out to be false? All hope is still not lost.
Above I wrote:
An exact clone is more me than a clone with different ice cream preferences, who is more me than a clone who is a Hindu fundamentalist, who is more me than LeBron James is.
I used LeBron James because from what I know about him, he's quite different from me. But what if I had used someone else? One thing I learned upon discovering Less Wrong is that I had previously underestimated just how many people out there are *really similar to me*, even down to weird interests, personality quirks, and sense of humor. So let's take the person living in 2050 who is most similar to me now. I can think of several people on this site alone who would make a pretty impressive lower bound on how similar the most similar person to me would have to be.
In what way is this person waking up on the morning of January 1 2050 equivalent to me being sort of resurrected? What if this person is more similar to Yvain(2012) than Yvain(1995) is? What if I signed up for cryonics, died tomorrow, and was resurrected in 2050 by a process about as lossy as the difference between me and this person?
SUMMARY
Personal identity remains confusing. But some of the assumptions cryonicists make are, in certain situations, sufficient to guarantee personal survival after death without cryonics.
Clinical Trial
Abstract
A multicentre, double-blind, between-patient study was carried out to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of oxiracetam (800-mg tablets), in comparison with placebo, each given twice daily for 12 weeks to patients suffering from primary degenerative, multi-infarct or mixed forms of dementia. Efficacy was assessed by the Inventory of Psychic and Somatic Complaints in the Elderly (IPSC-E), administered at entry and after 4, 8 and 12 weeks of treatment, and by the Blessed Dementia Scale and the Newcastle Memory, Information and Concentration Scale (NMICS), administered at the beginning and at the end of the study. Three hundred and seven patients were enrolled, 18 of whom were excluded from the analysis because of violation of the protocol. Two hundred and eighty-nine patients were analyzed (145 m, 144 f, mean age 73 years) and 272 completed the study; 3 patients in each treatment group were withdrawn because of poor tolerability, 10 because of poor compliance and 1 patient because of the occurrence of a cerebral stroke. A significantly (p less than 0.01) different effect, in favor of oxiracetam, was observed in the three main efficacy criteria (i.e. IPSC-E, Blessed Dementia Scale and NMIC total scores), and confirmed by descriptive analyses carried out on some subitems of the scales used. Thirty-one patients on oxiracetam and 27 on placebo complained of a total of 35 and 32 minor unwanted effects, respectively. No clinically or statistically significant changes were observed on routine laboratory examinations.
Batch 96 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 96
Batch 95
Batch 94
Batch 93
Batch 92
Batch 91
Batch 90
Batch 89 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Doorkeeper vs Plated Seastrider
Filigree Sages vs Agent of Acquisitions
Loyal Retainers vs Surrakar Marauder
Kurgadon vs Skyspear Cavalry
Aggravate vs Fires of Undeath
Mourning vs Fertile Thicket
Drogskol Captain vs New Benalia
Radiant Flames vs Grave Bramble
Kamahl, Fist of Krosa vs Feast of Flesh
Mindcrank vs Silumgar Butcher
Tower of Coireall vs Weatherseed Elf
Lurking Skirge vs Psionic Entity
Mothrider Samurai vs Ertai, the Corrupted
Battle Rampart vs Inner Sanctum
Goblin Warchief vs Quicksilver Geyser
Elvish Piper vs Surrak Dragonclaw
Sowing Salt vs Chimeric Mass
Temporal Adept vs Zelyon Sword
Tyrranax vs Skithiryx, the Blight Dragon
Ghitu Fire vs Flickerwisp
Order of Leitbur vs Trinisphere
Ruthless Disposal vs Nim Lasher
Invulnerability vs Tangle
Manabarbs vs Grixis Battlemage
Reckless Charge vs Springing Tiger
Volrath's Stronghold vs Angelic Chorus
Bond Beetle vs Apex Hawks
Skull Collector vs Grand Architect
Ondu Cleric vs Hunting Kavu
Kaervek's Spite vs Words of Wind
Guard Dogs vs Lost in the Mist
Guiltfeeder vs Three Wishes
Jams, jellies and preserves are three very common types of fruit spreads that can be used for everything from topping a toasted bagel to adding a sweet center to a buttery bar cookie. When you're reaching for one to spread on a sandwich, it doesn't matter which variety you choose as long as you like the flavor, but these three spreads are very different.
Jelly is cooked fruit juice that is sweetened with sugar and thickened with pectin (naturally occurring in many fruits, it has gelatin-like properties), or by cooking the mixture until it reduces. Jelly is clear and smooth, with a gelatin-like consistency. It has the most “gel” to it.
Jams are made by cooking crushed fruit with sugar and pectin (from the fruit in the jam or added) until the fruit is very, very soft and almost completely pureed. Jams are less “gelled” than jellies and a texture similar to that of pureed fruit. Some jams still contain the seeds of the fruit, particularly berries.
Preserves are made by cooking fruit with sugar, until fruit is very tender and the mixture has thickened. Pectin is not usually added on top of what is naturally occurring in the fruit being used. Unlike jam, the fruit in preserves is left in medium to large chunks. Preserves have the least amount of “gel” to them and are the least smooth.
When it comes to baking, fruit preserves and jams are the best choices. Not only do they typically pack the most fruit flavor, they both maintain their consistency very well even when baked. It is also nice to have pieces of the fruit in your finished products for additional color and flavor.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio's Maricopa County Tent City in 2010. This area of the tent city housed misdemeanor offenders. Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
In the media furor surrounding President Trump's appalling, spiteful decision to pardon professional torturer Joe Arpaio, one angle has been sadly neglected: Can this somehow be used to relitigate the 2016 Democratic primary? Fortunately, New York Times White House correspondent Maggie Haberman was on the case. After Bernie Sanders tweeted the relatively uncontroversial point that Trump—Trump!—was “on the side of racism and discrimination,” Haberman was there to cry hypocrisy:
Worth recalling that Jane Sanders appeared w Arpaio once and toured his tent jail https://t.co/Nd4q5ZAboA — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) August 26, 2017
If the idea of Jane Sanders endorsing America's Most Racist Cop seems a little unlikely to you, you have a better nose for fake news than many of Haberman's Twitter followers. While Haberman's tweet—which seems carefully crafted to be technically factual while falsely implying that Bernie Sanders and Joe Arpaio were somehow simpatico—had a pretty respectable replies-to-retweets ratio of 1.33 at this writing, meaning a lot of people are pointing out it was nonsense, it is also attracting credulous responses like “Far too many Berniebros ignored that he ran a pretty racist campaign.” So before Jane Sanders' love of Sheriff Joe joins the fake news hall of fame, it's worth pointing out how disingenuous Haberman's tweet is. It is true that “Jane Sanders appeared w Joe Arpaio,” but only in the same sense it that is true that Hillary Clinton appeared publicly—more than once!—with Donald Trump.
In fact, far from the meet-and-greet Haberman implies, Jane Sanders was looking at Arpaio's infamous Tent City—an outdoor prison where the temperatures hit 130 degrees in the summer—from outside the fences at the behest of immigration rights group Puente Arizona. Arpaio, sensing a publicity opportunity, ambushed her and offered her a tour. She accepted—and maybe she shouldn't have—but their conversation wasn't particularly friendly:
Sanders: You feel that this is humane, the way that you …
Arpaio: Yeah, it's about 130 degrees during the summer.
Sanders: Well, let me ask you this …
Arpaio: And 135 degrees in Iraq.
Sanders: Yeah, well …
Arpaio: So, what's wrong with that?
Sanders: Well, the jails are supposed to treat our people humanely.
Arpaio: I haven't had any problem!
Within days, at a rally in Phoenix, Bernie Sanders called Arpaio a bully and described his wife's encounter with him like this:
She asked him about racial profiling and he didn't have an answer. She asked him about conditions in Tent City and other abuses that he has perpetuated, and he didn't have an answer. You know what, he cannot have an answer, because what he is doing is un-American and uncivilized.
If you're feeling ungenerous, in the context of the 2016 Democratic primary, Bernie Sanders' repudiation of Arpaio could be interpreted as a calculated defense of his wife in the wake of a campaign misstep. The Clinton camp certainly tried to spin it that way: In a statement to Bloomberg, Clinton surrogate and Illinois congressman Luis Gutiérrez excoriated Jane Sanders for missing “a chance to tell Arpaio to his face that he was wrong and that he needed to resign,” and there's a real case to be made that Jane Sanders should not have given Arpaio a platform, or should have been better prepared before engaging with him. But these facts seem well-established:
Jane Sanders did not plan in advance to appear with, meet with, or confront Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
When Arpaio approached her, she asked pointed questions about his inhumane policies.
Clinton surrogates criticized Jane Sanders after the fact for not confronting Arpaio more effectively.
Within days, Bernie Sanders spent the bulk of a rally in Arizona condemning Arpaio's reign of terror.
How do I know Haberman's tweet omited vital context about Jane Sanders' encounter with Sherif Joe to imply that leftists like Sanders are secretly allied with white supremacist scofflaws like Joe Arpaio? I read about it in the New York Times.
Update, Aug. 26, 2017: Maggie Haberman has clarified on Twitter that her comments were “clumsily phrased but not ill intended.”
You could look at my Twitter feed for later tweets that clarified something clumsily phrased but not ill intended. https://t.co/dmZH8uZrHk — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) August 26, 2017
Although there don't seem to be any “later tweets” by Haberman herself addressing the issue, she retweeted Dave Weigel of the Washington Post, who provided a link to the Phoenix New Times' coverage of Jane Sanders' encounter with Arpaio with further context:
I assume this is what @maggieNYT meant, but 2016 Primary Twitter is a dark and terrible place. https://t.co/5N3VzTqOKa — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) August 26, 2017
Haberman also retweeted Twitter user @nycsouthpaw, who made the point that the incident was reported very differently locally than nationally, thanks in part to spin from the Clinton campaign:
Jem Godfrey is an Ivor Novello Award winning, BAFTA nominated musician and composer. He wrote and/or produced numerous top 10 hits with various pop acts during the 2000s and also scored four number 1 records across the world, spending a combined total of 8 weeks at the top of the UK charts alone.
Most recently Jem co-produced 4 tracks for the “Finding Neverland” album based on the songs featured in the new hit Broadway musical starring Kelsey Grammar featuring Jennifer Lopez, Christina Aguilera, Nick Jonas, Bon Jovi, Goo Goo Dolls, John Legend and Rita Ora.
Frost* are a four-piece band from the UK featuring Craig Blundell (Steven Wilson), Jem Godfrey (Joe Satriani), Nathan King (Level 42) and John Mitchell (Lonely Robot). They have won no awards, have a prodigiously slow work rate and have split up twice. Frost are currently working on a third album due for release during the second quarter of 2016.
Credits: “MLR Theme” by “Rob McCann“, “Hyperventilate” by “Frost*“, “Heartstrings” by “Frost*“, “Black Light Machine” by “Frost*“, “The Dividing Line” by “Frost*”
Category: Bands, Musicians, Podcast
DAMASCUS — The U.S. military took an unusual move Tuesday with the deployment of two battalions of amateur airsoft players to the Syrian capital, in an attempt to depose Bashar al-Assad, or at a bare minimum, just look like they are at least doing something in the two-year-old civil war.
Indeed, the battalions of fully-grown men — who dress up in military uniforms and shoot each other with Airsoft guns on the weekend — are currently en route to the conflict zone via an extremely short C-130 airbus.
“I've been training for this my whole life,” said Jeremy Lyons, a 32-year-old college dropout who swears “Airsoft is just a hobby,” even though his entire Facebook features photos of him looking like a goddamn Navy SEAL.
Sources were unable to confirm whether Lyons had ever actually had sex with a woman.
“We think this is a step in the right direction and a humanitarian way of dealing with these people,” said Pentagon spokesman George Little, although he refused to clear up confusion among reporters of whether he was talking about Syrian civilians or the hundreds of douchebags who play airsoft and think that gives them military experience.
According to Pentagon planners, Operation: Softening Blow will give the rest of the military an edge over Syrian forces, by softening up defensive positions: More specifically, Little said, the hope is that the Syrian army will run out of ammo and fuel from running over Airsofters with their tanks so much, there will be little opposition left.
“Since most of their parents bought their equipment, they're also better outfitted than Delta Force and SEAL Team 6,” said one official, speaking of the most elite military units.
In the Mediterranean Sea, four U.S. Navy ships are standing by to provide support to the Airsoft battalions, most notably from unarmed aerial drones that will only beam back video footage that everyone can laugh at later.
“They won't stop shooting at us!” cried one pathetic loser, who intelligence sources believed with 98.7% confidence would die a virgin. “And how do they expect us to eat around here? Has anyone seen Applebee's? We'd even settle for Shoney's. Jesus!”
At press time, an advance party of airsofters was seen running through the streets crying, in desperate search of a Holiday Inn Express.
Investigative correspondent Merrick also contributed reporting.
Image caption The first page of Edgar Wynn Williams' diary of World War One
Fresh light on the lives of soldiers from Wales who fought in World War One has been shed by Swansea University students.
The second-year students worked with material, loaned by four families, which had never been previously been analysed by historians.
The material will be published in the run up to the war's centenary in 2014.
The project is being launched at the National Eisteddfod on Monday.
One of those present in Denbigh will be Reverend Dr R Alun Evans, whose father joined the Royal Army Medical Corps in October 1914.
The main aim of the project is to gain a better understanding of the soldiers - their ideas, hopes and fears as they faced the war Gethin Matthews , Lecturer, Swansea University
Robert Evans left the Congregationalist College, Bala-Bangor, to carry wounded men to the dressing stations during WW1.
Over 250 items including letters, photos and diaries have been digitised and the material will be made available to the general public on the eve of WW1's centenary.
Lecturer Gethin Matthews from Swansea University's history and classics department said: "The main aim of the project is to gain a better understanding of the soldiers - their ideas, hopes and fears as they faced the war.
"The evidence has enabled us to put flesh on the bones and gain a better insight into the society in which they lived."
Dr Matthews said he hoped that launching the materials would stimulate people to consider the true effects of the war on Wales and its societies once more.
The digitised items will all be published on Swansea University's website shortly.
Robert Evans
Image caption Robert Evans left his studies to serve in the medical corps
Born in Ganllwyd, Dolgellau in 1895, Robert Evans, known as Bob Ty Cerrig by his family, was accepted as a ministerial candidate by Bala-Bangor Congregationalist college.
But one year into his studies World War One broke out and Robert decided to join the Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC).
The Swansea students were loaned letters and photographs relating to his war experience, including a letter to his mother in October 1916:
"In some places the shells were falling like hail, and some men by my side died, while others were wounded."
Robert's letters are all infused with references to his own faith, which despite all that he witnessed in war, was reinforced.
In one of his letters from France, he notes how he and some of his comrades had the privilege of leading a service. In another he writes how he is looking forward to having a Sunday service back home as he finds a Welsh service more fulfilling than any other.
After the war Robert Evans returned to his theological studies, graduating in 1924 and taking charges of chapels in Yr Hendy and Llanbrynmair.
Edgar Wynn Williams
Image caption Edgar Wynn Williams (back) and two comrades
A lorry driver who delivered groceries in the Llanelli and Swansea area before the war, Edgar Wynn Williams was 20 when he made the decision to join the Army Service Corps.
He began writing a diary on the day he made the decision - 8 December 1915 - and the next day travelled to Carmarthen to enlist.
On 16 December he bought his sweetheart Olga Bevan an engagement ring and the following day he left Llanelli.
The Swansea students learnt through material loaned by his grandson Dr Rhys Williams of his war experience in Egypt where he served driving the wounded to a field hospital.
It is meeting other Welshmen on the battlefield which gets the most attention in Edgar's diary:
"I met some Welsh Fus [Fusiliers] who are camped near to us we had a good time and it was good to talk a bit of Welsh for once it reminded me of home."
After the war he returned to Llanelli and married his sweetheart Olga, but died aged 34 in October 1929.
His family believe he died from sleeping sickness, a disease which he would have been carrying when he left Egypt in April 1916.
James Pugh Richards
Image caption James Pugh (JP) Richards pursued a career in teaching after the war
Born in Duffryn Ardudwy, Meirionnydd in 1895, James Pugh (known as JP) Richards volunteered to serve in the army on 7 October 1914, joining the 13th Battalion of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers.
Among the items loaned to the students by his daughter Eleri Rogers are a series of postcards sent home by JP while training in Llandudno.
One includes an account of a visit by David Lloyd George, who was later to become prime minister, to inspect the troops in March 1915.
The soldier wrote: "Here is a picture for you of the crowd running towards the 'Grand Stand' to see Mr Lloyd George after the march past on Monday."
But he wrote that the politician had to abandon his speech and flee to the Imperial Hotel for sanctuary from the acclamations of the crowd.
On New Year's Day JP wrote a letter home from France where he was stationed near Neuve Chapelle.
"It's a shame to think that we are waging war against a Christian country like our own but there are many signs these days that the end is not far away - this is my prayer 'let the day come soon'".
In October 1917, JP was badly injured in an attack on the German front line, after which his right leg was amputated and his left leg was badly injured.
That marked the end of his active service and he was sent back to hospital in Manchester where doctors managed to save his left leg.
JP went on to study at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and later became a teacher at Twyn School, Caerphilly. He died in 1956, aged 61.
Hopkin Joseph Thomas
Image caption Hopkin Joseph Thomas did not return from the war
Hopkin Joseph Thomas was born in Bryncoch, near Neath and is thought to have enlisted with the Welsh Regiment around February or March 1916.
In material loaned by his relatives David and Val Stokes, the students found that he was serving in Egypt in 1917 with the battalion that had served in the Gallipoli campaign from August to December 1915.
In his letters home Hopkin forms a conversation with his younger brothers Victor and Richard who are also fighting but in another theatre of war:
"I hope the boys are still alright in France? Has Vic gone back to the line yet. I hope he's quite alright by this time. What about Dicky. Has he been home yet. I'm expecting to hear by every mail from him but he's not very keen on writing letters. I guess he hasn't got time etc."
In September 1918, just two months before Armistice Day, Hopkin was wounded and died and was later buried in a war ceremony in Palestine.
After a permanent headstone was put up in March 1925, his family received a photograph of his grave.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Wisconsin State Senator Glenn Grothman, the Assistant Majority Leader and a close ally of GOP Governor Scott Walker in the effort to destroy collective bargaining in the Badger State, is taking crazy to new levels.
Grothman has introduced a bill that would require the State of Wisconsin to officially deem single parenthood to be a “contributor” to child abuse and neglect and to put the same into statutory laws of the state.
Seriously…no kidding…really.
Here is the relevant section of the Wisconsin law that was the subject of a hearing yesterday in the Wisconsin state Senate Committee on Public Health, Human Services and Revenue. The bold lettering represents the amendments to the existing law that Senator Grothman has proposed for addition:
Section 1. 48.982 (2) (g) 2. of the statutes is amended to read: 48.982 (2) (g) 2. Promote statewide educational and public awareness campaigns and materials for the purpose of developing public awareness of the problems of child abuse and neglect. In promoting those campaigns and materials, the board shall emphasize nonmarital parenthood as a contributing factor to child abuse and neglect. Section 2. 48.982 (2) (g) 4. of the statutes is amended to read: 48.982 (2) (g) 4. Disseminate information about the problems of and methods of preventing child abuse and neglect to the public and to organizations concerned with those problems. In disseminating that information, the board shall emphasize nonmarital parenthood as a contributing factor to child abuse and neglect.
If it strikes you as odd that the Wisconsin senate is spending the taxpayers' money debating this sort of legislation in committee—considering that a full one-third of Wisconsin's parents are, indeed, single parents—you need to understand a little bit more about Wisconsin state Senator Grothman.
You should know that it was Senator Grothman who informed us last year that “The Left and the social welfare establishment want children born out of wedlock because they are far more likely to be dependent on the government.” This is also the same Senator Grothman who opposed a provision in the 2010 Wisconsin sex education law that would prohibit teachers from promoting bias based on sexual orientation because he believed that instructors would have an "agenda" to persuade students to become gay.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
And, yes, this is the same Senator Grothman who wants to defund kindergarten programs for 4-year-olds because, argues Grothman, any academic benefits disappear by the fourth grade, and the program is used by school districts to pad their budgets to get more state aid.
Apparently, no longer content with suggesting that single parents (most of whom were not always single) are only out to bilk the government when deciding to have children, Grothman has decided that these same evil doers are more responsible for child abuse and child neglect than, say, alcoholics, people with mental health issues, married couples who engage in domestic violence, unemployment and the other causes cited as material contributors to child abuse.
I say that Grothman believes single-parenthood to be more responsible because I don't see him proposing that these other causes be specifically included in his legislation.
To be fair, data reveals that there are more incidents of child abuse in households with only one parent than in households with two parents. But the data does not indicate that this factor is somehow more responsible for child abuse than the other factors listed above so, again, why single this factor out to include in the state's statutes and not the others?
According to Lisa Subeck, a program manager and family advocate at Wisconsin's Dane County Parent Council Head Start, Grothman's bill was written to dictate personal choices rather than to help prevent child abuse. Says Subeck, “Sen. Grothman is inserting government into what should be a very personal decision.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
That sounds about right.
And here I thought it was the GOP that was dedicated to keeping government out of our private lives.
My bad.
contact Rick at thepolicypage@gmail.com
Twitter @rickungar
https://www.profitconfidential.com/cryptocurrency/ripple/xrp-price-forecast-13-nov/
Ripple Price Forecast: 3 Signs That XRP Is Poised to Rise on “FOMO”
Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC
Profit Confidential
2017-11-13T10:41:03Z
2017-11-16 09:07:40
ripple news
ripple price prediction
ripple price forecast
ripple to usd
ripple to bitcoin
xrp/krw
ripple prices
xrp prices
bithumb
FOMO
Ripple price prediction: ere are 3 factors that are underappreciated and could spark a huge rally in XRP to our $2.00 Ripple price forecast.
Ripple
https://www.profitconfidential.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/XRP-3-300x240.jpg
Ripple may trail just behind Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Bitcoin Cash in terms of market cap, but the world's fourth-largest cryptocurrency is much less understood than the leading three. That said, investors don't need to understand Ripple in order to feel the fear of missing out (otherwise known as “FOMO”) on XRP gains. That part comes naturally as XRP begins to surge. At those moments, investors are willing to shove elderly women and orphans aside to get on board. No one wants to hear another investor say, “I made $100,000 on XRP last month,” while knowing they could have done the same thing. It's worse than missing a three-foot putt. In any case, here are three recent signals that Ripple might be on the edge of a bullish rally:
1. Explosive Trading Volumes: On Sunday, trading activity jumped 86.7% from the day before, from $134.5 million to $251.2 million. By itself, this data is meaningless, but Ripple had two similar spikes in volume last week. The takeaway is that higher trading demand for XRP usually leads to a price increase.
2. China Job Postings: Ripple is expanding its Asian footprint by hiring more staff. It is looking for someone to head up the China operation, and for someone to be a Solutions Director (whatever that means). This means that China is allowing Ripple to continue its foray into the Middle Kingdom, which could drive enormous demand for XRP.
3. The Lockup: The “lockup” is a term referring to Ripple's commitment that most of the company's own XRP tokens (they own a huge portion of XRP) will be placed in escrow. This should reassure everyone that Ripple is not dumping its coins and riding off into the sunset, but rather fixing supply in place to ensure its own growth. This lockup could singlehandedly kickstart a monster-sized rally in XRP prices.
Daily Ripple (XRP) Chart
Analyst Take:
These three pieces of Ripple news don't get nearly enough attention, but that doesn't mean they aren't there, working beneath the surface of Ripple prices. Once the three factors come to fruition, XRP prices may start to accumulate significant gains. And, at that point, FOMO kicks in.I believe that investors underweigh Ripple because its end goal is different from that of Bitcoin and Ethereum. I continue to believe there's phenomenal potential in this cryptocurrency, which is why I maintain my $2.00 Ripple price prediction for 2018.
Preview by Bryan Rose
The stars of New Japan Pro Wrestling and Ring of Honor collide as War of the Worlds takes place tonight at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City.
We're looking for your thoughts on tonight's show, so you can send a thumbs up, thumbs down or thumbs in the middle along with the best and worst match to dave@wrestlingobserver.com
The main event will feature a three-way bout for the ROH World title as Christopher Daniels defends against both Cody and Jay Lethal. With Lethal scoring a big win over Cody recently at Supercard of Honor it would seem like he has the most momentum going in, but Daniels and Cody have also scored big victories as of late.
Other title matches include Marty Scurll defending the ROH TV title against Matt Sydal, The Young Bucks defending their ROH tag team titles against Los Ingobernables de Japon members BUSHI & Tetsuya Naito, and Chaos representatives Roppongi Vice & Hirooki Goto challenging Bully Ray & The Briscoes for the ROH six-man titles.
Highlights from the rest of the card include Adam Cole facing Hiroshi Tanahashi, Jay White squaring off against Will Ospreay, and a three-way tag featuring EVIL & SANADA facing Chris Sabin & Jonathan Gresham and War Machine.
Join us for live coverage starting at 9 p.m. ET.
**********
They just announced the creation of an IWGP United States heavyweight title which will be decided in a tournament on 7/1 and 7/2 in Long Beach.
KUSHIDA VS. BOBBY FISH VS. DALTON CASTLE VS. SILAS YOUNG
This was a fast match with everyone doing big moves and being broken up. Kushida and Castle were the most over. Castle pinned Fish clean after the bang-a-rang.
FRANKIE KAZARIAN VS. HANGMAN PAGE
Another rushed match. Kazarian went for a sunset flip out of the corner but Page blocked it and held the ropes and got the pin. The match was hot while it lasted. There was a spot where Page spit in Kazarian's face, Kazarian spit back, Page blew his nose on Kazarian, Kazarian spit in Page's mouth, but actually go ton his chin and Page then grabbed the spit and ate it. Kazarian alsodid a dive and a slingshot into a diamond cutter.
WAR MACHINE VS. CHRIS SABIN & JONATHAN GRESHAM VS. EVIL & SEIYA SANADA
This was another very good but rushed match. Really it was great while it lasted. Hanson powerslammed Sabin and did a Hope on four guys and then Rowe pinned Sabin. Lots of dives. Rowe did a belly to belly overhead on Sabin & Gresham at the same time. Sanada is one of the most talented guys around. Everyone looked good here. Evil did the chair around the head and chair shot on Hanson.
WILL OSPREAY VS. JAY WHITE
This was one of the best mathes in North Ameria so far this year. Ospreay got the win after a springboard shooting star press to the floor and an Oscutter. Both got on their kneees and showed repect for each other. Fans gave them a few standing ovations. There was so much insanity here including Ospreay doing a space flying Tiger drop but White caught him and gave him a brainbuster on the apron. There were so many big spots you can't even list them all but it was prefect timing, super hot crowd once they were about 8:00 or so in when the crowd realized how special this match was.
After the match Punishment Maritenz, gave Ospreay a kick and then choke slammed White. This was a good way to do this because people loved that match so much and how much they gave tghat it got Martinez real heat for attacking both. Martinez lost to White in Hopkins, MN so that was the reason.
BULLY RAY & BRISCOES VS. HIROOKI GOTO & ROCKY ROMERO & BARETTA FOR THE ROH SIX MAN TITLES
Another really good match. This was no DQ and there were early dives byt he Briscoes. Lots of chair shots to the head, not brutal, but way too many and needless. Super fast paced. Bully was super over. The finish saw Bully power bomb Baretta off the middle ropes through a table after the Briscoes got the tables. The Briscoes then worked with Bully to do a 3D on Romero and got the pin. Bully and Goto did the Japanese trading of elbows in the middle in between all the chair shots that Mark and Baretta were taking. Baretta also did a great dive and Mark did a moonsault tothe floor, a blockbuster off the apron and elbow off the apron among his spots. .
MARTY SCURLL VS. MATT SYDAL FOR TV TITLE
Another very good match. It was tough coming off those last two matches. Sydal did some cool huracanranas standing and jumping on the top rope and another coming off a suplex by Scurll. Of course Scurll's big spot was the finger break. The finish saw Sydal go for the shooting star press, but Scurll go this knees-up and then got the chicken wing for the submission.
YOUNG BUCKS VS. TETSUYA NAITO & BUSHI FOR TAG TITLES.
Another very good match. It wasn't as long as most Bucks title matches but all action. Bushi blew mist in Matt's eyes but he superkicked Naito, Bushi, Nick and the ref. Naito did most of his stuff. He did the destino on Matt but Nick saved with a swanton. The finish saw Nick take out Naito with a springboard flip dive and they pinned Bushi with the Meltzer driver.
They talked about the U.S. title tournament and announced Jay Lethal as the first entrant. Hangman Page confornted him so he'll be in as well.
HIROSHI TANAHASHI VS. ADAM COLE
They pushed this as one of the best champions in ROH history against the best champion in New Japan. Colt Cabana teased Cole leaving saying that Tanahashi was Cole's dream match and maybe he'll go somewhere else. They had a very good match, not the level of almost any Tanahashi match,but still good. The crowd was really into it and they did a good enough match but not a great match. Tanahashi won with a high fly flow.. .
The Bucks came out and teased superkickcing him but isead hugged him. They called this the curtain call. The lights then went out. Kenny Omega was on the screen. Omega made fun of the curtain call. Omega said he was disappointed at the Young Bucks. The same man who tired to fire you is being showered with adulation. Omega said to Cole that your tenure in Bullet Club and pro wreslting has been long and storied. In every fairy tail there has to be a hero and haves to be a villain. Omega was with Scurll. Omega fired him and they teased Scurll replacing him in Bullet Club. The lights went on and Scurll was in the ring with a Bullet Club umbrella. The Young Bucks then superkicked Cole and Scurll had a Bullet Club t-shirt. Scurll nailed Cole with a hard umbbrella shot and the Bucks both kissed Cole. They talked about how Cole poisoned Nick whcih was a storyline on Being the Elite.
CHRISTOPHER DANIELS VS. CODY VS. JAY LETHAL FOR ROH TITLE
Daniels retained the title. Cody had Lethal in the figure four and Daniels did the best moonsault ever on Cody and pinned him. Daniels had been taken out a minute earlier when Daniels knoked daneils off the apron through a table. Rhodes kicked out of the Lethal injection and then Lethal kicked out of crossroads. Lethal did a Hope early where he hurt his knee but until very late when Rhodes used the figure our, and one dragon screw, nobody really worked on the knee. They pushed the idea that Daniels outsmarted everyone enroute to winnning. Shorter than most world title matches and it was fine. Really nothing on this show could touch with Ospreay match. They ended right at the three hour mark so to get all these matches on the show they had to rush everything.
They announced the next PPV for 6-23 in Lowell, A.
Kansas City puts smile on Alex Smith's face Ex-49ers QB happier than starter for Chiefs but does have regrets
Kansas City, Mo. --
When asked if he believes in karma, Alex Smith smiled. That's something he does a lot these days.
"No," Smith said. "But I do believe in hard work and doing things the right way. Over time, if it's karma or whatever you want to call it, I think doing things the right way, working hard and focusing on the details makes good things happen."
Good things are happening to Smith. After an emotionally wrenching season, when he was jettisoned by the only NFL team he'd ever known, he is now the quarterback of the 5-0 Chiefs. The Chiefs appreciate and have complete faith in him. That's something he never really had in eight tumultuous years with the 49ers.
Friday, in a post-practice interview at the Chiefs' training complex, Smith was relaxed. After being instrumental in the turnaround of the hapless 49ers, Smith has another reclamation project.
"I know what it's like to get that wheel turning slowly and then getting some momentum," he said. "I feel like this is almost an identical situation to 2011. We really underachieved the year before and then, with a coaching change, things started to happen."
Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith calls a play against the Tennessee Titans in the first quarter of an NFL football game on Sunday, Oct. 6, 2013, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Mark Zaleski) Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith calls a play against the Tennessee Titans in the first quarter of an NFL football game on Sunday, Oct. 6, 2013, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Mark Zaleski) Photo: Mark Zaleski, Associated Press Photo: Mark Zaleski, Associated Press Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Kansas Cities puts smile on Alex Smith's face 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The Chiefs, 2-14 last season and tied for the league's worst record, are this year's surprise team. There are similarities to the 49ers, who were pathetic under head coach Mike Singletary in 2010 and flourished with virtually the same set of players the next year under Jim Harbaugh.
But there are differences. Though the Chiefs had six Pro Bowl players last season, the roster has been overhauled with 30 newcomers, Smith leading the way. He came in with Andy Reid, a well-respected coach but one who has endured his own share of humbling experiences.
"I realize how special it is when the chemistry is right in an organization and how many things go into that," Smith said. "It's easy to say but hard to get done. As I've gotten older, I've gotten better at identifying that, and I appreciate how hard it is to get."
Bitterness held at bay
His personal knowledge of how fleeting success can be helps keep any animosity or bitterness about his 49ers experience at bay.
"I have none. Honestly," Smith said. "There's no question I thought I should have played last year. But I'm so happy that I'm here.
"They (Harbaugh and general manager Trent Baalke) gave me an opportunity that changed the trajectory of my career. And I'm thankful for that."
Clear-eyed about his past, Smith sees the benefit of the many tribulations he endured. Those seven different offensive systems and seven different coordinators? It helped him quickly absorb Reid's offensive system and communicate it to his teammates.
"His knowledge base is so large," said backup Chase Daniel. "He's seen literally every type of offense you can run. He's excited to really get down to the grit of our offense."
Reid won't compare Smith to the quarterbacks he coached in Philadelphia, but he is thrilled to have him.
"I love what he's doing," Reid said. "He makes people around him better, and that's very important in his job. He's in charge of the offense."
Smith, who toiled under two defensive-minded head coaches, sees similarities in Reid and Harbaugh, from the place they stand on the field - directly behind him - to their presence in the quarterbacks' meeting room. They both read defenses with him and give him instant feedback.
Growth evident
At 29, Smith is one of the Chiefs' elder statesmen. With age comes perspective on what his 21-year old self went through in 2005, coming from a spread offense at Utah to the NFL.
"I think back to my rookie year, and I had no shot," Smith said. "It was just a disaster. It was so foreign to me. I was so young and I hadn't been under center for so long. I didn't even play with a tight end in college, and all of a sudden I've got two tight ends and a fullback and I'm staring at 10 guys in the box.
"It was so difficult for me to understand and absorb, and then I was playing just four weeks in. I look back on it and think, 'Oh my God, it was so bad.' "
He was too young to stand up for himself. One of the lowest points was when he tried to play through a separated shoulder in 2007. It was a grossly unfair situation: Smith was pushed by then-head coach Mike Nolan and was blamed when things went wrong.
"Looking back on that now, I would never have gone back in," he said. "I felt like I had to. Part of the deal is you try to play through injuries, but there's a fine line where you're not helping the team. I was trying to be the tough guy back then. Now, I would handle it very differently.
"I know if you're hurting the team, what's the point? It was the same thing when I got dinged in the St. Louis game (last season). Even though I threw a touchdown, I knew I would be a disaster staying in. My vision wasn't right."
Perspective on reform
And that was, in effect, the end of his 49ers career. Smith hasn't seen "League of Denial," the documentary, based on the book by former Chronicle staffer Mark Fainaru-Wada and Steve Fainaru, but he thinks the NFL needs to solve the injury protocol on the 53-man roster, which creates pressure on players and coaches and doesn't allow for a prolonged healing process.
Healed and healthy, watching the Super Bowl run from the sidelines was the final struggle after eight years of 49ers drama.
"It was very bittersweet," Smith said. "It's a team sport and we were in the Super Bowl. But part of you says, 'It could've been me. Should've been me.' "
Smith gracefully endured the waves of media questions during the Super Bowl. But it was "not fun at all," handling the same question over and over from reporters all looking for him to crack.
His last moments in a 49ers uniform were spent standing on the Superdome sideline watching the final futile plays.
"I certainly think if we had to do it all over again we'd call some different plays," Smith said. "We were getting pressure the entire time and we didn't call pressure beaters."
Unhappy ending
Smith said the offensive line and running backs are still frustrated they weren't given the chance to win the game. And he's still perplexed by the play-calling.
"On the last play I was on the sideline screaming for a timeout because we had called a play that had no pressure answer," Smith said. "Colin (Kaepernick) did the best he could with the signal and the throw. I'm sure if the coaches had it to do over again they'd call something with a better pressure answer."
Throughout the playoffs, Smith focused on the day after the season ended, when his new life would start.
"I had no idea what it was going to look like," he said. "But when this opportunity presented itself it was a no-brainer. Yes, that's where I want to be."
Baalke kept him updated on opportunities. Harbaugh talked about keeping Smith as a backup - a move that would have prevented the current unsettled back-up situation but would have been painfully awkward.
"I didn't want that at all, and I was very up-front about that," Smith said.
Smith and his wife, Elizabeth, and their two young sons - Hudson, 2, and Hayes, 6 months - are settled now. Both California kids, they kept their Bay Area home but have enjoyed discovering a new area. Smith has been embraced by his new city.
"I'm happy with where I'm at in my career," Smith said. "I'm happy with where I'm at in my life."
Then he smiled. Again.
The Central American Football Union (UNCAF) on Thursday announced the groups, schedule and ticket information for 2014 Copa Centroamericana, to be played September 3-13 in the United States.
The Copa Centroamericana, which will be played on US soil for the first time in its 13 editions, will provide berths to the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup and the 2016 Copa América Centenario. Tickets to all matches will go on sale to the general public on Tuesday, July 22.
The two-group, seven-team tournament will kick off Sept. 3 at RFK Stadium in Washington, D.C., with a tripleheader involving both groups and featuring 2014 FIFA World Cup quarterfinalists Costa Rica taking on Nicaragua, Honduras facing Belize, and El Salvador against Guatemala.
The tournament then moves on to Dallas' Cotton Bowl on Sept. 7 and Houston's BBVA Compass Stadium on Sept. 10. (Full schedule is below.) The championship game, as well as the third- and fifth-place matches, will be played on Saturday, Sept.13, at the historic Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
The Copa Centroamericana will decide the four automatic UNCAF berths for the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The fifth-place finisher will earn the right to participate in a two-leg playoff against the fifth-place team from the 2014 Caribbean Cup for an additional Gold Cup berth. In addition, the Copa Centroamericana champion will earn a direct ticket to the recently-announced 2016 Copa América Centenario, also to be played in the United States.
Costa Rica are the current Copa Centroamericana champions and have lifted the trophy a record seven times. Honduras is next with three titles, while Guatemala and Panama have won one apiece. Belize, El Salvador and Nicaragua complete the field of seven Central American nations.
The Copa Centroamericana has been contested 12 previous times, starting in 1991. Costa Rica and Honduras have hosted it three times each, while it has been played in El Salvador, Guatemala and Panama twice each.
2014 Copa Centroamericana
*teams listed in alphabetical order Group A Group B Costa Rica Belize Nicaragua El Salvador Panama Guatemala Honduras
Schedule
*all times Eastern
Wednesday, September 3 – RFK Stadium, Washington, D.C.
5 pm Costa Rica vs. Nicaragua
7 pm Honduras vs. Belize
9 pm El Salvador vs. Guatemala
Sunday, September 7, 2014 – Cotton Bowl, Dallas
5 pm Costa Rica vs. Panama
7 pm Guatemala vs. Belize
9 pm Honduras vs. El Salvador
Wednesday, September 10, 2014 – BBVA Compass Stadium, Houston
6 pm Panama vs. Nicaragua
8 pm El Salvador vs. Belize
10 pm Honduras vs. Guatemala
Saturday, September 13, 2014 – Memorial Coliseum, Los Angeles
4 pm Third-place finishers
7 pm Group Runners-up
10 pm Group Winners
U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump waves as he walks offstage after delivering a campaign speech about national security in Manchester, New Hampshire, U.S. June 13, 2016 in response to the mass shooting at Orlando's Pulse nightclub. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Update: Trump finally said early Friday -- as his campaign said late Wednesday -- that the video he saw wasn't of the $400 million cash transfer but of the hostages.
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 5, 2016
But the fact remains that he still talked about a video of the cash transfer even after his campaign said it wasn't of the cash transfer. The original post follows:
Donald Trump claimed Wednesday that he had seen video of the recently reported $400 million cash transfer between the United States and Iran -- this despite no video of the exchange being public or known about. His campaign explained late Wednesday that he was mistaken and had actually seen video of American prisoners being released by Iran, not the money transfer.
And yet, there was Trump on Thursday afternoon in Portland, Maine, recounting the very same nonexistent video of the money transfer.
"You know, it was interesting, because a tape was made. Right? You saw that? With the airplane coming in? Nice plane," Trump said. "And the airplane coming in, and the money coming off, I guess, right? That was given to us -- has to be -- by the Iranians. And you know why the tape was given to us? Because they want to embarrass our country."
Donald Trump claims Iran wanted to "embarrass" the US with "a tape" of plane sent with $400M https://t.co/BTOdWIr3uZ https://t.co/eSRUSrB1Bc — CNN (@CNN) August 4, 2016
Later in the very same speech, Trump brought up another story he often tells -- one that fact-checkers have determined is without merit -- that people saw bombs in the San Bernardino terrorists' apartment but didn't turn them in because they feared it would be viewed as racial profiling.
And less than a week ago, Trump again recounted seeing Muslims celebrating in New Jersey on 9/11 -- another well-chewed-over allegation for which there exists basically no evidence.
And Trump is now rehashing Muslims celebrating in New Jersey right now after 9-11. — Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) July 29, 2016
By now, it is well-established that Trump struggles with the facts, and he's prone to apparently inventing stories about things. But Trump's imagination is especially vivid and prolific when it comes to stories involving a specific topic: Muslims.
Yes, Trump has told stories before. Just a couple weeks ago, he recounted when Black Lives Matter protesters were "essentially calling death to the police." This, too, has been debunked, but it at least has some basis in reality. Protesters in New York City in 2014 called for the killings of police, but they weren't Black Lives Matter protesters, and BLM has disowned that rhetoric.
Similarly, he linked a protester at one of his events to ISIS -- apparently because of a hoax video.
And just this week, he noted that Harrisburg, Pa., looked like a "war zone," because it had so many closed factories -- this despite the economy in the Pennsylvanian capital being largely good, or at least better than much of the Rust Belt. Perhaps that's an easy mistake to make when you're touring economically distressed areas in the region.
But Trump's stories involving Muslims stand out in part because of (1) how utterly divorced from the available evidence they are, and (2) how much he keeps repeating them even after it's pointed out that they have no basis in reality.
And it dates back years. Trump's rise to prominence in conservative circles was largely due to his questioning of the birth story of President Obama. While the "birther" controversy was about where Obama was born, it is inextricably linked to questions about what Obama's true religion is, and many Americans who believe he was born in Kenya also believe he's a Muslim. Trump himself mused that maybe the birth certificate would say that Obama was a Muslim.
Back in 2011, Trump also recalled an apparently nonexistent video of Obama's grandmother saying she witnessed Obama's birth in Kenya. Similarly, he said he had an authoritative source that the birth certificate was a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 6, 2012
But Trump's recollection of the Iran money transfer video on Thursday afternoon is perhaps the most flagrant example of this, given his campaign explained less than 18 hours prior that his initial story had merely been his mistake -- a misunderstanding.
The question is why. As I posited on Twitter after Trump brought up the nonexistent money transfer video, one explanation is that Trump is merely trolling us. He knew what his campaign said about the video, and he decided to cite it again just to get a rise out of the press.
If that's true, it's certainly a cynical strategy -- inventing stories about sensitive foreign policy matters in order to get the press in a tizzy.
Another is that Trump's campaign is a complete mess, and it never bothered to actually check with him when trying to explain away the video. If that's the case, it's also troubling, because it suggests the campaign has no message discipline and is lying to the press.
But if there's a topic on which Trump was going to double down without any evidence and in direct contradiction to his own campaign staff, it's perhaps no surprise that it involved Muslims.
A year after unveiling its first 4K TV prototype, Vizio is fully commiting to the ultra high-def technology. Here at CES, the company is expanding its TV lineup to include a new P Series — Vizio's first consumer-grade 4K television. Set to be in available in sizes ranging between 50 and 70 inches, the P Series, in Vizio's own words, "is the culmination of advanced picture quality, powerful performance and a beautifully simple Ultra HD experience." These TVs feature advanced local dimming, a backlight that consists of 64 Active LED Zones, and even Vizio's very own custom silicon. All of that fancy language means that you'll ultimately be looking at a fantastic picture. The demo units on hand at the company's suite were vibrant, sharp, and incredibly detailed. But how much will they cost? The company's chief technology officer, Matt McRae, would only tell The Verge that the P-Series will be priced "aggressively."
Vizio's approach to 4K looks great and will be 'aggressively' priced
But there's another new Vizio series that won't be priced aggressively in any way, shape, or form; the company's Reference Series. Simply put, these are the best TV panels that Vizio has ever produced. The Reference Series is aimed at videophiles and "custom integrators," a good sign that you'll never see these at your local Walmart. But they're far and away the most impressive TVs Vizio has ever produced. The company says they were built from the ground up after over two years of dedicated R&D. Yes, they're 4K-capable, but the real star of the show here is High Dynamic Range (HDR).
Throw away everything you know about the controversial photography technique; it's an entirely different animal in the realm of TV. Vizio says HDR "creates a contrast range with true-to-life intensity, more accurately reproducing the nuances of the picture and revealing fine details found in real scenes." That intensity is driven by an incredibly bright backlight that tops out at 800 nits. The resulting effect is unlike anything you've seen from a television. The emitted light can prove so intense that you almost want to turn your head away during the brightest scenes. Vizio is an early supporter of Dolby Vision — one of the technologies that enable this type of experience. No official pricing has been announced for the Reference Series.
Vizio picks streaming for 4K delivery
As for how consumers will actually acquire 4K content, Vizio is confident that streaming is the answer. "We believe in streaming," McRae told us repeatedly. Both the Reference Series and P-Series will natively support select apps that offer 4K streaming; we expect to hear more details on which services those are as CES rolls on. Vizio's 4K TVs utilize the HVEC codec for streaming, and they're also capable of 60-frames-per-second 4K playback. McRae said that the industry settling on 4K standards influenced the company's decision to enter the market in a big way.
But for all that Vizio's 2014 TV lineup may be gaining (the regular 1080p models are looking better than ever), it lacks one notable thing: 3D. The company has done away with 3D playback entirely. That's a sudden and major break from the industry trend of stuffing 3D support into every TV that leaves a manufacturing line. It's also a major blow to 3D in the living room; Vizio sells the most TVs of any company in the US. But Vizio is confident that consumers won't miss it; in fact, the decision was made because Vizio's current customers simply aren't viewing content in 3D often. In 2014, Vizio seems willing to sacrifice what some may consider a gimmick in pursuit of a better picture.
A new BMO survey of high-net-worth Canadians finds a majority feel more financially secure now than before the 2008 financial downturn, a sign that the economic turmoil of the past five years seems to have bypassed the wealthy.
While 45 per cent of Canadians have no emergency savings and 36 per cent of older Canadians say they'll postpone retirement to pay for a child's education, the survey for BMO Harris Private Banking found 80 per cent of respondents with investable assets of over $1 million say they are the same or better off than before the 2008 financial crisis.
The findings released Thursday were based on a survey of 305 Canadians and 482 Americans who had $1 million in assets and who make financial decisions, and was conducted between March 28 and April 11, 2013. A sample of this size has a margin of error of plus or minus 5.6 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
“High-net worth Canadians clearly feel they have bounced back well from the 2008 downturn and are fairly upbeat about what the future has in store for Canada's economy,” said Alex Dousmanis-Curtis , Senior Vice President and Head, BMO Harris Private Banking.
The study found that 54 per cent of affluent Canadians feel they are better off now than they were before September 2008, with only 11 per cent saying they are worse off and 36 per cent reporting that their financial situation is unchanged.
This compares with 61 per cent of high-net worth Americans who reported they are better off and only seven per cent stating they are worse off.
They also like how things are going today, including their investments. About 86 per cent of the rich Canadians polled were very happy with their current financial plans.
Among the Canadians, nearly half (47 per cent) of respondents expect the Canadian economy to improve this year, but they were more bullish on the American economy with 61 per cent saying it would get better.
When the Agile Manifesto emerged in 2001, it mattered. I would argue that it changed software development forever. I'm not saying it solved the daunting challenge of developing good software. We're still working on that.
The Agile Manifesto took a troubled, backroom operation and proclaimed to the business and tech world that the accepted approach to developing software did not work. The process was broken. It took too long. It cost too much. Too often, it delivered products that didn't do what they were supposed to do.
But what about today? Does the Agile Manifesto matter anymore? Or are the ideas it put forth out of date? I recently mulled over those questions with Derwyn Harris, a co-founder of Jama Software, which sells software for managing the development process. "I love the Agile Manifesto," he told me. "So much innovation and change occurred as a result of the principles [it put forth]." But, he said, it is out of sync with the realities software development pros face today. "We need to rethink it," he said.
Here are some ways in which the Agile Manifesto is outdated -- and some ways in which it remains more relevant than ever.
Software development is much more complex today When the Agile Manifesto authors took pen to paper in 2001, software development was already a complicated undertaking; but not by the standards of 2015. Mobile apps weren't a factor and social media as we know it today didn't exist. "Nothing lived in the cloud and 'dropbox' was something you did by accident if you were clumsy," said Harris. The volume of software being developed today dramatically outpaces that of 2001 and the Agile Manifesto doesn't address that reality, he said. "There is a notion in the Manifesto that we're trying to move away from planning, away from negotiation," he said, referring one of its four core values, Responding to change, over following a plan. [In 2001] 'dropbox' was something you did by accident if you were clumsy. Derwyn HarrisCo-founder, Jama Software "But the need for planning [software projects] in today's world is real and you cannot ignore that," Harris said. "The business is saying 'I want a budget for the next year, a roadmap for our customers.'" In the same vein, some of the Manifesto's 12 principles seem out of sync with the large scope of many software projects today. "The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face conversation," one principle reads. But the face-to-face approach doesn't really fly when development managers are asked to oversee large projects with multiple, geographically distributed teams, Harris said. "They panic and they wonder how they are going to scale it." Here's my take: When it comes to managing projects -- going with the flow instead of following a plan -- the Agile Manifesto is outdated. The ideas it puts forth on this topic sound naïve in the current context of software development.
The customers are more vocal today The Agile Manifesto has much to say about the customer, and what it says remains relevant today. "Customer collaboration over contract negotiation" is one of the core values. And "our highest priority is to satisfy the customer" is first among its 12 principles. What the Manifesto's authors could not have predicted was just how vocal customers are today. Posting on social media and other websites, they generate a steady stream of comments, complaints and the occasional rant about a company's products and policies. "And all that noise is associated with your [software] product," Harris said. The challenge, then, is to tap into the noise in a meaningful way, analyzing feedback to build software that better satisfies the customer. That task is daunting, but "social media offers opportunities for customer collaboration" that simply weren't there when the Agile Manifesto emerged, Harris noted. "That is what we should focus on." Here's my take: the Agile Manifesto nailed importance of customer collaboration. And that's as relevant today as it was in 2001.
Years of liberal dogma have spawned a generation of amoral, uneducated, welfare dependent, brutalised youngsters
A few weeks after the U.S. city of Detroit was ravaged by 1967 race riots in which 43 people died, I was shown around the wrecked areas by a black reporter named Joe Strickland.
He said: ‘Don't you believe all that stuff people here are giving media folk about how sorry they are about what happened. When they talk to each other, they say: “It was a great fire, man!” '
I am sure that is what many of the young rioters, black and white, who have burned and looted in England through the past few shocking nights think today.
Rich pickings: Hooded looters laden with clothes run from a Manchester shopping centre
It was fun. It made life interesting. It got people to notice them. As a girl looter told a BBC reporter, it showed ‘the rich' and the police that ‘we can do what we like'.
If you live a normal life of absolute futility, which we can assume most of this week's rioters do, excitement of any kind is welcome. The people who wrecked swathes of property, burned vehicles and terrorised communities have no moral compass to make them susceptible to guilt or shame.
Most have no jobs to go to or exams they might pass. They know no family role models, for most live in homes in which the father is unemployed, or from which he has decamped.
They are illiterate and innumerate, beyond maybe some dexterity with computer games and BlackBerries.
They are essentially wild beasts. I use that phrase advisedly, because it seems appropriate to young people bereft of the discipline that might make them employable; of the conscience that distinguishes between right and wrong.
They respond only to instinctive animal impulses — to eat and drink, have sex, seize or destroy the accessible property of others.
Their behaviour on the streets resembled that of the polar bear which attacked a Norwegian tourist camp last week. They were doing what came naturally and, unlike the bear, no one even shot them for it.
A former London police chief spoke a few years ago about the ‘feral children' on his patch — another way of describing the same reality.
The depressing truth is that at the bottom of our society is a layer of young people with no skills, education, values or aspirations. They do not have what most of us would call ‘lives': they simply exist.
Nobody has ever dared suggest to them that they need to feel any allegiance to anything, least of all Britain or their community. They do not watch royal weddings or notice Test matches or take pride in being Londoners or Scousers or Brummies.
Not only do they know nothing of Britain's past, they care nothing for its present.
They have their being only in video games and street-fights, casual drug use and crime, sometimes petty, sometimes serious.
The notions of doing a nine-to-five job, marrying and sticking with a wife and kids, taking up DIY or learning to read properly, are beyond their imaginations.
Undercover police officers arrest looters in the Swarovski Crystal shop in Manchester. One rioter lies injured and blood can be seen on the wall
Last week, I met a charity worker who is trying to help a teenage girl in East London to get a life for herself. There is a difficulty, however: ‘Her mother wants her to go on the game.' My friend explained: ‘It's the money, you know.'
An underclass has existed throughout history, which once endured appalling privation. Its spasmodic outbreaks of violence, especially in the early 19th century, frightened the ruling classes.
Its frustrations and passions were kept at bay by force and draconian legal sanctions, foremost among them capital punishment and transportation to the colonies.
Today, those at the bottom of society behave no better than their forebears, but the welfare state has relieved them from hunger and real want.
When social surveys speak of ‘deprivation' and ‘poverty', this is entirely relative. Meanwhile, sanctions for wrongdoing have largely vanished.
When Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith recently urged employers to take on more British workers and fewer migrants, he was greeted with a hoarse laugh.
Mindless: People wearing masks swig alcohol next to a burning car in Birmingham city centre last night
Every firm in the land knows that an East European — for instance — will, first, bother to turn up; second, work harder; and third, be better-educated than his or her British counterpart.Who do we blame for this state of affairs?
Ken Livingstone, contemptible as ever, declares the riots to be a result of the Government's spending cuts. This recalls the remarks of the then leader of Lambeth Council, ‘Red Ted' Knight, who said after the 1981 Brixton riots that the police in his borough ‘amounted to an army of occupation'.
But it will not do for a moment to claim the rioters' behaviour reflects deprived circumstances or police persecution.
Of course it is true that few have jobs, learn anything useful at school, live in decent homes, eat meals at regular hours or feel loyalty to anything beyond their local gang.
This is not, however, because they are victims of mistreatment or neglect.
It is because it is fantastically hard to help such people, young or old, without imposing a measure of compulsion which modern society finds unacceptable. These kids are what they are because nobody makes them be anything different or better.
Rampage: We are told that youths roaming the streets are doing so because they are angry at unemployment, but a quick look at an apprenticeship website yields 2,228 vacancies in London
A key factor in delinquency is lack of effective sanctions to deter it. From an early stage, feral children discover that they can bully fellow pupils at school, shout abuse at people in the streets, urinate outside pubs, hurl litter from car windows, play car radios at deafening volumes, and, indeed, commit casual assaults with only a negligible prospect of facing rebuke, far less retribution.
John Stuart Mill wrote in his great 1859 essay On Liberty: ‘The liberty of the individual must be thus far limited; he must not make himself a nuisance to other people.'
Yet every day up and down the land, this vital principle of civilised societies is breached with impunity.
Anyone who reproaches a child, far less an adult, for discarding rubbish, making a racket, committing vandalism or driving unsociably will receive in return a torrent of obscenities, if not violence.
So who is to blame? The breakdown of families, the pernicious promotion of single motherhood as a desirable state, the decline of domestic life so that even shared meals are a rarity, have all contributed importantly to the condition of the young underclass.
The social engineering industry unites to claim that the conventional template of family life is no longer valid.
Protection: Asian shopkeepers stand outside their store in Hackney that was battered by the looters. This time, though, they're ready to take them on
And what of the schools? I do not think they can be blamed for the creation of a grotesquely self-indulgent, non-judgmental culture.
This has ultimately been sanctioned by Parliament, which refuses to accept, for instance, that children are more likely to prosper with two parents than with one, and that the dependency culture is a tragedy for those who receive something for nothing.
The judiciary colludes with social services and infinitely ingenious lawyers to assert the primacy of the rights of the criminal and aggressor over those of law-abiding citizens, especially if a young offender is involved.
The police, in recent years, have developed a reputation for ignoring yobbery and bullying, or even for taking the yobs' side against complainants.
‘The problem,' said Bill Pitt, the former head of Manchester's Nuisance Strategy Unit, ‘is that the law appears to be there to protect the rights of the perpetrator, and does not support the victim.'
Police regularly arrest householders who are deemed to have taken ‘disproportionate' action to protect themselves and their property from burglars or intruders. The message goes out that criminals have little to fear from ‘the feds'.
Do rioters, pictured looting a shop in Hackney, have lower levels of a brain chemical that helps keep behaviour under control? Scientists think so
Figures published earlier this month show that a majority of ‘lesser' crimes — which include burglary and car theft, and which cause acute distress to their victims — are never investigated, because forces think it so unlikely they will catch the perpetrators.
How do you inculcate values in a child whose only role model is footballer Wayne Rooney — a man who is bereft of the most meagre human graces?
How do you persuade children to renounce bad language when they hear little else from stars on the BBC?
A teacher, Francis Gilbert, wrote five years ago in his book Yob Nation: ‘The public feels it no longer has the right to interfere.'
Discussing the difficulties of imposing sanctions for misbehaviour or idleness at school, he described the case of a girl pupil he scolded for missing all her homework deadlines.
The youngster's mother, a social worker, telephoned him and said: ‘Threatening to throw my daughter off the A-level course because she hasn't done some work is tantamount to psychological abuse, and there is legislation which prevents these sorts of threats.
‘I believe you are trying to harm my child's mental well-being, and may well take steps . . . if you are not careful.'
That story rings horribly true. It reflects a society in which teachers have been deprived of their traditional right to arbitrate pupils' behaviour. Denied power, most find it hard to sustain respect, never mind control.
Mob: A crowd of people rush into a fashion store in Peckham
I never enjoyed school, but, like most children until very recent times, did the work because I knew I would be punished if I did not. It would never have occurred to my parents not to uphold my teachers' authority. This might have been unfair to some pupils, but it was the way schools functioned for centuries, until the advent of crazy ‘pupil rights'.
I recently received a letter from a teacher who worked in a county's pupil referral unit, describing appalling difficulties in enforcing discipline. Her only weapon, she said, was the right to mark a disciplinary cross against a child's name for misbehaviour.
Having repeatedly and vainly asked a 15-year-old to stop using obscene language, she said: ‘Fred, if you use language like that again, I'll give you a cross.'
He replied: ‘Give me an effing cross, then!' Eventually, she said: ‘Fred, you have three crosses now. You must miss your next break.'
He answered: ‘I'm not missing my break, I'm going for an effing fag!' When she appealed to her manager, he said: ‘Well, the boy's got a lot going on at home at the moment. Don't be too hard on him.'
This is a story repeated daily in schools up and down the land.
Making a run for it: These four looters dash from the Blue Inc store in Peckham with plundered goods
A century ago, no child would have dared to use obscene language in class. Today, some use little else. It symbolises their contempt for manners and decency, and is often a foretaste of delinquency.
If a child lacks sufficient respect to address authority figures politely, and faces no penalty for failing to do so, then other forms of abuse — of property and person — come naturally.
So there we have it: a large, amoral, brutalised sub-culture of young British people who lack education because they have no will to learn, and skills which might make them employable. They are too idle to accept work waitressing or doing domestic labour, which is why almost all such jobs are filled by immigrants.
They have no code of values to dissuade them from behaving anti-socially or, indeed, criminally, and small chance of being punished if they do so.
They have no sense of responsibility for themselves, far less towards others, and look to no future beyond the next meal, sexual encounter or TV football game.
Behind bins: Rioters in Hackney stand in front of a makeshift barricade
They are an absolute deadweight upon society, because they contribute nothing yet cost the taxpayer billions. Liberal opinion holds they are victims, because society has failed to provide them with opportunities to develop their potential.
Most of us would say this is nonsense. Rather, they are victims of a perverted social ethos, which elevates personal freedom to an absolute, and denies the underclass the discipline — tough love — which alone might enable some of its members to escape from the swamp of dependency in which they live.
Only education — together with politicians, judges, policemen and teachers with the courage to force feral humans to obey rules the rest of us have accepted all our lives — can provide a way forward and a way out for these people.
They are products of a culture which gives them so much unconditionally that they are let off learning how to become human beings. My dogs are better behaved and subscribe to a higher code of values than the young rioters of Tottenham, Hackney, Clapham and Birmingham.
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Hillary Clinton herself said at a campaign rally in California that she wanted to let voters have their say on Tuesday but the AP now says it will be calling Clinton the "presumptive nominee" until the convention in July. | Getty Why the AP called it for Clinton
The Associated Press called the Democratic nomination for Hillary Clinton on Monday evening, catching many by surprise as six states, including California and New Jersey, don't vote until Tuesday.
Clinton became the nominee "with a decisive weekend victory in Puerto Rico and a burst of last-minute support from superdelegates," the AP wrote in its story. "Clinton has 1,812 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses. She also has the support of 571 superdelegates, according to an Associated Press count. The AP surveyed all 714 superdelegates repeatedly in the past seven months, and only 95 remain publicly uncommitted."
The combined total put Clinton just at the 2,383-delegate threshold needed to secure a majority. NBC and ABC soon followed with similar calls of their own.
AP spokesman Paul Colford said the news agency had been in the process of contacting superdelegates throughout the day and evaluating the results from the weekend's primaries.
And though Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign dismissed the news on Monday evening — and Hillary Clinton herself said at a campaign rally in California that she wanted to let voters have their say on Tuesday — the AP now says it will be calling Clinton the "presumptive nominee" until the convention in July.
"It takes 2,383 delegates to win the nomination of the Democratic Party, and our count finds that Hillary Clinton has reached that number. Most are pledged delegates won in a primary or caucus. Some are superdelegates, who have unequivocally told AP they will vote for her next month at the party's convention," AP's U.S. political editor David Scott said in a statement. "Clinton is now the 'presumptive nominee,' because according to our count, she now has enough delegates backing her candidacy to win the nomination."
AP will only call Clinton "the nominee" once delegates formally casts their votes at the convention, Scott said.
Delegates Remaining: 56 Delegates 2,814 1,893 56 2,382 Delegates Needed for Nomination
Thirty years ago yesterday, two retired military officers and a former prison administrator founded the Corrections Corporation of America (CCA), the first for-profit prison company in modern America. Today, CCA is the nation's largest owner and operator of for-profit prisons, with annual revenues topping $1.7 billion. On an average day, the company incarcerates 81,384 people – more than the states of New York and New Jersey combined.
CCA essentially admits that their current profitability depends on high rates of incarceration. In their 2011 10-K report, filed publicly with the Securities and Exchange Commission, CCA stated:
“The demand for our facilities and services could be adversely affected by the relaxation of enforcement efforts, leniency in conviction or parole standards and sentencing practices or through the decriminalization of certain activities that are currently proscribed by criminal laws.”
Specifically, “any changes with respect to drugs and controlled substances or illegal immigration” could “potentially reduc[e] demand for correctional facilities,” as would “mak[ing] more inmates eligible for early release based on good behavior,” the adoption of “sentencing alternatives [that]...could put some offenders on probation,” or “reductions in crime rates.”
As detailed in a 2011 ACLU report, massive increases in overall incarceration rates from the 1970s onward created a fertile environment for the growth of for-profit imprisonment. From 1970 to 2005, the U.S. prison population increased by approximately 700% – far outpacing crime rates and the growth of the general population. Today, more Americans are deprived of their liberty than ever before – unfairly and unnecessarily, with little benefit to public safety. Many of them are in private prisons: the latest figures from the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics show that for-profit companies presently control about 18% of federal prisoners and 6.7% of all state prisoners, and the most recent federal survey of correctional facilities revealed that private prisons accounted for nearly all of the new prisons built between 2000 and 2005.
The growth of for-profit prisons also coincided with a dramatic increase in immigration detention. Thanks to a 1996 law mandating detention of many categories of people in deportation proceedings, and ever-increasing resources devoted to immigration enforcement after 9/11, the number of immigrants detained at any given time swelled from 6,423 in 1991, to 20,192 in 2001, to 32,095 in 2011. CCA and other private prison companies have profited enormously from this growth. According to the nonprofit Detention Watch Network, nearly half of all of the immigrants detained by the federal government are detained in for-profit prisons.
Although CCA insists that it does not engage in “lobbying or advocacy efforts that would influence enforcement efforts, parole standards, criminal laws, and sentencing policies,” the company spends heavily on both campaign contributions and lobbying. In 2011, CCA gave $710,300 in political contributions to candidates for federal or state office, political parties, and 527 groups (PACs and super-PACs). That same year, CCA spent $1.07 million lobbying federal officials and an undisclosed amount lobbying state officials. Additionally, as NPR reported two years ago, CCA was for many years involved in the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), an organization of state legislators and corporations that drafted the basis for Arizona's anti-immigrant SB1070 and that has consistently advocated for harsh sentencing and detention laws.
So, on its thirty-year anniversary, what is CCA's vision for the future? AMarch 2012 CCA investor presentation boasts that incarceration “creates predictable revenue streams,” and cites the demographic trends in CCA's favor: Nearly half of all individuals released from prison end up returning to prison within three years, one in every 100 U.S. adults are currently in prison or jail, and the U.S. population is projected to grow by approximately 18.6 million from 2012 to 2017. If these trends continue unchanged, then prison populations will continue to grow by an average of 13,000 additional prisoners each year. Add to this the increasing overcrowding of federal prisons and rising rates of immigration detention, and CCA concludes that prison privatization – which it euphemistically calls “partnership corrections” – represents a “Unique Investment Opportunity.”
The ACLU believes that the criminal justice system should keep communities safe, treat people fairly, and use fiscal resources wisely – not serve as a “unique investment opportunity” or a “predictable revenue stream” for prison profiteers. In 2013, we'll be working hard to stop CCA's desires from becoming reality. This means reducing the U.S. prison population, curbing immigration detention, and continuing our fight against the private prison industry's efforts to bank on bondage.
Learn more about overincarceration: Sign up for breaking news alerts, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.
Bogotá, Colombia, June 20, 2017--The Committee to Protect Journalists today called for the immediate release of two Dutch journalists who were abducted while reporting from a lawless region of northeastern Colombia.
Derk Johannes Bolt, 62, and Eugenio Ernest Marie Follender, 58, were abducted yesterday, according to a statement from Colombian police circulated among journalists on Whatsapp. The office of the Colombia Human Rights Ombudsman confirmed the abductions on its Twitter account, but said the two were detained on June 17.
"We call on those holding journalists Derk Johannes Bolt and Eugenio Ernest Marie Follender to release them immediately," Carlos Lauría, CPJ's program director and senior program coordinator for the Americas, said from New York. "Colombian authorities should do their utmost to locate the journalists and bring them to safety, and all sides in the Colombian civil conflict must respect the internationally recognized status of journalists as civilians."
The police statement and a report from the Colombian weekly Semana attributed the kidnapping to the National Liberation Army, or ELN, a Marxist rebel group involved in a more than 50 year conflict with the Colombian state.
The kidnappings took place near the village of El Tarra in Norte de Santander state, which lies along the border with Venezuela and is home to the ELN, which is estimated to have about 1,500 fighters. The area is also home to drug-trafficking groups, according to the police statement.
The Colombian organization Foundation for Freedom of the Press (FLIP, by its Spanish acronym) wrote on Twitter that there were reports that the ELN could be behind the kidnapping, but cautioned that the information had not been confirmed.
On one of its official Twitter accounts, the ELN said it was "investigating to help clear up the case," according to news reports. When the BBC asked an ELN spokesman about the kidnappings he responded: "There is nothing to say."
Broadcast journalist Bolt and camera operator Follender work for the Dutch TV program "Spoorloos," which traces the whereabouts of relatives. They were in the region attempting to track down the biological mother of a Colombian child adopted in The Netherlands, according to news reports.
Police said a unit specialized in abductions has been dispatched to the region. In a statement, the Colombian army also said that it had sent soldiers to the area to search for the two journalists.
Last year, ELN rebels in Norte de Santander abducted Spanish-Colombian journalist Salud Hernandez-Mora as well as two Colombian reporters. They were freed unharmed after about a week in captivity.
Colombia's larger rebel group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, signed a peace treaty last year to end its 52-year insurgency, and is currently disarming its 7,000 fighters. Peace talks with the ELN, which were launched in February, have since stalled, according to news reports.
Over 1,000 Dreamers on Thursday marched to the Capitol and gathered at the Hart Senate Office Building, demanding Congress pass a clean DREAM Act by December. The demonstration in Washington was part of United We Dream's “Here to Stay” Day of Action, which sparked staged walkouts and rallies nationwide.
Hundreds of youth walked out of their classrooms today and are packing the halls of Congress RIGHT NOW to demand the #DreamActNOW pic.twitter.com/N3Qs8FjEom
Some protesters were arrested by Capitol Police during the chants in the Hart Senate building, and Ainta Zea, a student at American University in Washington, D.C., said she was “right next to people who were getting arrested.”
“We are here, we have 1,000 Dreamers and allies from around 20 states that were asking Republican leadership and Congress in general to provide a pathway to citizenship in the DREAM Act to all the DACA-eligible youth that were affected by the Trump administration's decision,” protester Isaias Guerrero said. “We are sending a clear message that we want the DREAM Act passed now, a clean DREAM Act, and for it to be before December.”
“Literally all they were doing was chanting, and they had a big poster that said, ‘We demand a clean DREAM Act now.' So it was the most petty reason to get arrested, and it shows that the police force only serves in the interest of the state and not the people. Time and time again, you keep seeing this happen, even today,” she said.
So far, 25 House Democrats are threatening to withhold votes from various budget bills if Congress fails to pass clean DREAM Act legislation that is not attached to border security or Trump's wall.
“Both of my parents are Nicaraguan refugees, my dad came here in 1977, and my mom came here in the mid '90s,” Zea said. “Growing up, I remember seeing these commercials about immigration, and at the time my mom still wasn't a legal U.S. citizen. I was too young to understand, but I still felt that anxiety and that fear.”
She said she was protesting because it's an issue that continues to affect her, the ones she loves, her family members who are undocumented today, and students she works with who are DACA or temporary protected status recipients. (TPS delays deportation if conditions at home are too inhospitable.)
“I think we need to also acknowledge, for instance, how a lot of the immigrants who are here today are here because of U.S. neo-imperialism and U.S. intervention in nations where maybe they should've stayed out of it, and they caused this really big dismantling,” she added.
“I wish they understood why people came here to begin with,” she said. “They need to understand that people don't necessarily come here because it's like, ‘Oh I really, really wanna come here.' They come here because the conditions back home are so abhorrent that they have no other choice, and if you keep pushing and pushing a community, don't be shocked when you see a turnout like this. And don't try to silence us and say we can't clap or we can't chant. Is it really a representative democracy if you aren't even willing to listen to its people and constituents?”
Monday, February 22, 2010 12:30 pm
Berkman Center, 23 Everett Street, second floor
This talk is part of The Psychology and Economics of Trust and Honesty speaker series, led by Berkman Fellow Judith Donath and hosted by the Berkman Center for Internet & Society's Law Lab. For more related to Zebrowitz's talk, see this page.
Although we value ‘blind justice', judges and juries are not blind to the physical appearance of defendants. Moreover, research shows that peoples' facial appearance influences impressions of their honesty and judgments of their culpability, effects that have been shown to bias decisions in the courtroom. I will discuss research that documents these effects, placing them into a theoretical framework.
About Leslie
Leslie Zebrowitz is the Manuel Yellen Professor of Social Relations in the Department of Psychology at Brandeis University.
Links
Download media from this event here.
There's nothing more cathartic than flipping over a table in a fit of rage – except, of course, for the fact that it so rarely gets to happen outside of the movies. That's about to change, thanks to Ye Olde Dandy's, a "mystery room and table flippery" about to open at Broadview and Gerrard.
The "mystery room" portion, explains co-creator and artist Matti McLean, is a twist on the escape room phenomenon that's sweeping Toronto. Like a real-life game of Clue, you'll get to find items and speak to actors in the room to uncover the details of a murder mystery.
But their bread and butter, McLean explains, will be the ability to take all your frustrations out on a table – and whatever happens to be on it.
"If you want to just flip the table, it's $5," he says. "But of course, you want to flip it with cool stuff on it." It's $10 if you want to knock over a board game (you've got options, including Life, Trivial Pursuit and Catan), while $15 gets you the opportunity to destroy a carefully-built Lego structure.
Anything breakable starts at $20, including tea parties or children's birthday parties. You also have the opportunity to BYO-flip, in case you'd like to bring a stack of forms from the office.
If you've got an appetite for destruction, they're hosting a launch party on June 5. Though the Gerrard location is meant to be a pop-up, they'll move somewhere more permanent at the end of the summer if their concept proves to be a smashing success.
Knitcircus Yarns is bursting at the seams! When I began dyeing yarn in my basement three years ago, I knew I loved gradient self-striping yarns, but didn't know how much everyone else loved them, too!
Thanks to the support of our wonderful customers, Knitcircus Yarns has grown into a bona fide business putting food on the tables of six employees.
fashion week gradient
When I began dyeing, options for self-striping yarns were extremely limited, and I passionately pursued techniques for a continuous gradient (no knots) in new color palettes. After a number of trials and errors, I figured out how to make Knitcircus gradients a soft, Merino-wool-based reality (in 84 gradient colors and counting....). Every day, I can't wait to dye yarn and see the color saturate the fibers, tweaking each gradient recipe until the colors balance just right.
Soon, the lovely and competent Amy J joined me to help skein and cake the yarns. Response from our fabulous customers continued and we've been able to add colorways, clubs and new dyeing techniques.
Matching Socks Sets
We created Matching Socks Sets, breaking a 100g ball into two separate cakes, with gradients dyed to match every stitch exactly between the two socks. The company grew to four people and we expanded our custom order cababilities.
Over the Rainbow Gradient Stripes
Last fall, we perfected a dyeing technique unique to Knitcircus: Gradient Stripes socks sets! Gradient Stripes knit up in short one-to-three row stripes which change color without repeating from cuff to toe. Unlike most handpainted sock yarns, these do not cycle through colors multiple times.
An Over the Rainbow Gradient Stripes cake begins with yellow-and-orange stripes, then orange-and-red stripes, red-and-purple stripes, purple-and-blue stripes finishing with blue-and green stripes. When people see the socks, they think you have to alternate two yarn colors, but the truth is, you just knit along merrily in Stockinette stitch and the yarn does the work for you!
Once we started offering Gradient Stripes Socks, orders went through the roof, leading to our busiest holiday season ever, and we've expanded into wholesale at a few select stores. Believe it or not, I've been running the operation out of my home this whole time, with six workers at Knitcircus Yarns now!
our mascot, Sasha
The talented and dedicated Knicircus staff proved flexible, but sometimes the Circus feels more like a Zoo. With our cats, small fluffy dog, kids shooting baskets and drinking juice boxes, and me switching into Mom Mode as soon as 3:00 hits, it's tricky to work here. School-day constraints make it hard for my staff to put in the hours they need and finish orders for our generally very kind and patient customers. It's an understatement to say we've outgrown the space (plus, I think my family wants their house back).
Purl
It's time to move our kit and caboodle to a nearby professional space that allows us room and time to produce more yarn faster AND bring in the community for shopping, classes, retreats and events. Instead of just Knitcircus Yarns, we'll be Knitcircus Studio!
evergreen building
The Evergreen Building space includes a retail area for Knitcircus Yarns and the opportunity to host pop-up shops by local craft-based businesses. We'll have not one, but two classrooms for hosting retreats and classes by the likes of Amy Detjen, Susan B. Anderson and more local luminaries.
As it happens, Amy Detjen, nationally-known knitting teacher and author, and my Knitcircus Podcast co-host, has joined Knitcircus as our Marketing and Technology manager! Her deep knowledge of knitting techniques and ability to communicate them in an engaging way makes her a sought-after teacher at events like Vogue Knitting Live. The Knitcircus Studio will give local students a chance to spend time with Amy and other tri-state knitting and crochet experts (Madison has the largest Knitting Guild in the country and a surprising number of knitting professionals).
We'll host tours and day-long retreats for Knitting/Crochet Guilds, and events like holiday Craft Fairs, charity open houses and craft book signings. Related sewing, beading, writing, papermaking, felting and other classes will be offered, too.
gradients!
Most importantly, the new space will allow us to GET YARN OUT FASTER! With the possibility for working late afternoons, evenings and weekends, our staff can have more flexible hours. With improved facilities and workflow, we'll dye and ship your yarn more quickly.
This Kickstarter community is essential to this huge step, covering the first few months' rent while we're getting everything moved. The studio needs one-time upgrades like more electrical, a new stove, adding plumbing, ventilation and a new utility sink...not glamorous, but necessary. We're counting on you to make this move happen!
If you make the campaign wildly successful, we'll be able to purchase tables and chairs for the classrooms, comfy chairs and display shelves for the store, better ball-winding equipment, industrial-strength drying racks, a computer that doesn't shut off at its own convenience, storage shelves, more yarn-on-cones to dye and packaging and shipping supplies. Oh, and Amy wants some white boards...
Thank you in advance for all of your generosity. We've gotten this far with the knitting community's support and we hope you'll work with us on a studio that can start giving back!
REWARDS
More special rewards are coming! We'll unlock more exclusive prizes as the project moves along.
Would you like more than one reward? No problem! Select one of the rewards first, and then add up the total amount of all the rewards you'd like and enter that as the total amount you're going to pledge. Then come back to this page and click the "Contact Me" button under the "Back this Project" button on the top right side of the page and let us know which combination of rewards you'd like. After we receive your message we'll send you a confirmation and you're all set!
Juniper Lemon Shawl
The Juniper Lemon Shawl is one of my most popular shawl patterns, and we've re-formatted it with all new photos! You'll receive a digital download just in time for summer knitting.
GRAND CANYON SHAWL
Grand Canyon
Our new address will be on Grand Canyon Drive, so I took inspiration from the majestic rock formations, river, clouds and sky for this crescent one-skein shawl. Nobody but our Kickstarter backers get to knit with this exclusive pattern! We'll reveal the photo a week from our kickoff date.
handmade stitch markers
Special stitch markers! Handmade by the Knitcircus crew, these beaded stitch markers are snagless rings with securely-fastened beads. They'll be available just for Kickstarter backers in the exclusive Grand Canyon colorway.
Come What May Self-Striping Gradient
Our most popular yarns! You have a chance to knit with some of our continuous, self-striping gradients in the colors our customers love best. These also come with the exclusive Grand Canyon Shawl pattern.
EXCLUSIVE COLORS
Grand Canyon
Inspired by out new address, the Evergreen Building on Grand Canyon Drive, we're offering exclusive kettle dyes, speckle dyes and gradients only for our Kickstarter backers! Watch for new photos every day for the first six days of the project.
mulberry street socks
Not a knitter? We can knit things for you! Choose the rewards for knitted socks or scarves if you want to participate and get nice things without lifting a knitting needle. We'll make the socks to your specification so they fit perfectly.
LOCAL REWARDS
Visit us in the Studio! If you're within driving distance of the new building in Madison, Wisconsin, join us for a special studio tour with other backers, a family-style lunch with the Knitcircus Crew, or special classes with Amy or Jaala.
VIDEO REWARDS
Available anywhere in the world! If you're a knitter, you can choose any technique you'd like and Amy Detjen will make a special how-to video dedicated to you. Or, if you like cute things, our mascot Sasha will perform a trick on camera just for you!
Computers, mobile phones, hard drives, an iPad and a printer Badria says she used for her homework were seized. Badria, 20 .... 'He doesn't have a gun, he doesn't have a bomb. If he did, I'd kill him.' Credit:Penny Stephens Speaking to Fairfax with her mother in their neat two-storey home, Badria said the family had been so shocked since the raid, they had not eaten. Badria did not wish to give her surname, and her mother wished to remain anonymous. But both wanted to speak out about the damaging links that are continually made between practising Muslims and terrorism. Badria said her brother's wife had lost her father and brother to violence in Afghanistan, and her mother had lost both hands.
He had never been to the Al-Furqan centre, which was also raided yesterday, and did not know Sheikh Harun, the Muslim preacher mentioned during the operation, she said. "He hates terrorism," Badria said. "Why would he have anything to do with it? I know my brother very well, and he swore on the Koran that he had nothing to do with it. I believe him, and my parents believe him. "I told the police that I respect what they're doing, because you're just trying to protect us. We're part of this society too. "We might be innocent, but the next people they raid might not be."
Badria, 20, was a year old when she left Kabul with her two older brothers and older sister. The 28-year-old brother who was targeted in the raid yesterday is married, and lives in the Endeavour Hills home with his wife and four-month-old baby. He owns a small business, as does his older sister, while his brother is a financial planner and Badria studies law and is training to be a pilot. His mother said her children had been successful in Australia, but she was dismayed that many thought of Afghans as terrorists. "In Afghanistan, we had a good life, but we were worried about terrorism," she said.
"We thought we would come to Australia for the lives of our children, for their education. Now, just because my son goes to a mosque and prays he's in trouble with the police. "Just because he prays five times and day and has made CDs showing other people how to pray, it doesn't make him a terrorist. "He doesn't have a gun, he doesn't have a bomb. If he did, I'd kill him." Badria believes her brother, who was at work and could not speak to The Age, may have come under attention as he had recently become a more devout Muslim. He had also been collecting money for a charity, which is registered, and had given Korans to Afghan children as a way of educating them about their heritage.
"He's just trying to collect money to give to the poor in Afghanistan," Badria said. "The police were asking him 'Why do you go to the mosque five times a day? Why do you have a beard?' We were just in shock. "A year ago he knew nothing about Islam, he was one of those party people. Since he's started praying, things have turned around for him." Loading His mother said she hoped the family would not be shunned by those in the street who had seen the early morning raids. She said she chose not to wear a hijab, despite being a practising Muslim who prayed five times a day.
"I should be able to pray without people thinking I support terrorism," she said.
UPPER ARLINGTON, OH (WCMH) - Upper Arlington Police have issued a crime alert to residents after a string of burglaries and thefts have hit the community.
According to Sgt. Heather Galli with the Upper Arlington Police Division, there have been several reported residential thefts in the area south of Lane Avenue. The thefts normally occur overnight, and the suspects are targeting unsecured homes, garages and unlocked vehicles.
Victims have reported that money, lawn equipment, tools and electronics were stolen.
Police say that Upper Arlington residents should be vigilant and immediately report any suspicious activity or behavior. They say you should call the police if you see any of the following:
A person looking in windows of houses and parked cars
Someone forcing entry into a house, garage or vehicle
Property being removed from a residence where no one is home
Property being removed from a business when it is closed
Vehicles moving slowly with no apparent destination or moving without having the headlights turned on
Any unusual noise (screaming, breaking glass, loud sounds, prying or any audible alarm)
Strange or unfamiliar cars parked or running on the street or neighbors' driveways
Someone running from a house or location
Someone screaming or shouting for help
Officers also want to remind residents to keep doors and windows to homes and vehicles locked, park in well-lit areas, and to remove or store valuables out of sight. Documenting and maintaining records of serial numbers for personal belongings or valuables will also help recover property in the event that it was stolen.
by Karen Fernandes
It is widely agreed among psychologists that a sense of meaning and ‘purpose' is critical to a healthy psyche. Without a framework to give our lives purpose, we can find ourselves falling into an existential depression (often itself the catalyst for a mid-life crisis) or drifting aimlessly with no sense of direction and no interest anything life has to offer.
Unfortunately, applying meaning to a seemingly random and chaotic universe is not easy for us, and many of the big concepts are really beyond any chance of human comprehension. We don't know where we came from (even though we might have beliefs on the matter), we don't know why we were put here – we don't even know if there will be any lasting consequences of our actions on Earth. As far as we're aware we came from nothing and will return there when it's over.
So where then does this crucial sense of purpose come from? How does it form in a healthy mind? How does someone decide what they believe and how they should spend their time in light of so little information and so much mystery? These are questions that many thinkers have attempted to answer with mixed results. Here we are going to examine the views of two key contributors: Carl Jung and Viktor Frankl, which demonstrate how this process of finding meaning fits into the complex puzzle of the human mind.
Jung's Theories of Individuation
Individuation is a widely used term that essentially describes the psychological process of becoming ‘an individual'. Often this transformation is said to occur during the adolescent years and early-adulthood; when a young person will ‘try out' different personalities and ways of life to see which fit them best. Most of us can remember a ‘gothic' or ‘preppy' phase in adolescence (probably while cringing) and will likely have moved between friendship groups and ideals as we gradually started to learn about ourselves and develop a concrete identity (parents of teenagers will likely be all-too familiar with this period of development). If all goes well though, the individual should come out of the process with a stable personality (even if their beliefs and interests change) and a sense of ‘who they are' and what their role is in society.
Jung's description of individuation however places this process a little later in life – often occurring during the latter half of life. He describes it as an experience during which the conscious and unconscious mind become integrated into a single well-functioning whole and views it as a critical part of our emotional journeys.
While Jung believed this process of individuation was an important and necessary one, it is nevertheless also described as a difficult and trying time as well. Though Jung himself never explicitly used the phrase, many have suggested that the mid-life crisis might be born out of this process – and intuitively many of us might have noticed how much more ‘at peace' many people seem to be once they've passed middle age.
The Unconscious and Our Beliefs
It is through this process according to Jung, that the construct of the ‘self' eventually emerges (after many trials during our earlier years). But how does this differ from the ‘self' that we experience prior to individuation?
As mentioned, Jung believes that the phase ends once the unconscious has been accepted and integrated into the individual's psyche. Of course we all know about the unconscious mind from Freud's writing: it is comprised of the thoughts and feelings that our ego keeps from us, because they are too shocking, because they are too trivial, or because they are potentially damaging.
Jung also believed in another aspect of the unconscious though called the ‘collective unconscious'. This he describes as a well of ‘inherited' knowledge that we share with everyone else on Earth (some of Jung's writing alludes to a metaphysical origin of this connection, though many followers of his theories reject this element). It is from the collective unconscious that Jung believes ‘archetypes' are born as well as the commonalities between folklore and legends in different cultures.
So by assimilating these aspects and parts of ourselves – the hidden corners of our mind and our psychological inheritance – Jung believes that we can achieve individuation and ultimately achieve a sense of peace and acceptance, and hopefully a sense of meaning that we can take with us too.
Parallels With Viktor Frankl and Logotherapy
Those who have studied any psychology will know that Jung's ideas originally came from Freud's early theories. It was Freud who invented the psychodynamic approach to psychology and who originally came up with the concepts of the unconscious and the ego and initially Jung was a student of his. As their relationship matured however, Freud and Jung had a falling out based on their differing ideas. Jung believed that Freud's views focused too much on sex and on the early stages of development, while Freud was put off by some of Jung's more esoteric beliefs. Whereas Freud believed that all motivation was driven by the libido, Jung credited the human psyche with more complexity: individuation is one example of how Jungian and Freudian approaches differ.
Likewise, Viktor Frankl was also a thinker who developed and progressed the ideas of Freud (as well as those of another contemporary and source of inspiration, Alfred Adler) and who also took some of the emphasis away from sexual impulses. Like Jung before him, Viktor believed that the search for meaning was one of the important driving forces in the human psyche and in fact placed it right at the centre of his theories.
It is from this idea that ‘logotherapy‘ was born – an approach to psychology that puts the search for meaning as the primary and most important drive in human psychology. The famous book ‘Man's Search for Meaning‘ describes this idea in detail and also draws heavily on his own experiences during the Holocaust – when it was his quest for meaning helped him to survive such trying times. The term comes from the Latin ‘logos' which translates as ‘meaning' and is also the route of ‘logic' and various ‘ologies'.
To Frankl, we exist in an ‘existential vacuum' and require a sense of meaning (not necessarily religious) in order to cope and develop the human spirit, from which much of our behaviour (the joining of clubs, subscribing to religions, expression through clothing etc.) is derived. When this search for purpose is blocked, psychological problems occur.
Like Jung, Frankl also believed that this process makes progress as we develop and mature – and even defines maturity as a clear comprehension and acceptance of one's purpose in life. The two theories can easily be reconciled into one description – with the individual spending their life trying out different roles in a quest for meaning, before eventually accepting themselves in their entirety and accomplishing a sense of calm via the process of individuation.
Other Theories
Of course these are both just theories, and there is currently no single widely accepted theory of ‘man's quest for meaning' among the scientific community. However, it is generally widely accepted today that this is an important universal drive, and there are many more theories from other psychologists and philosophers that reflect this view.
One key example is Maslow's ‘Hierarchy of Needs'. This is an often-referenced list of human drives that are arranged hierarchically. At the bottom are our basic survival needs such as ‘shelter' and ‘food', while at the top are the elements of ‘self-actualisation' (essentially analogous to individuation) which include things like morality, creativity, spontaneity and acceptance of facts. Jung and Frankl's theories could almost be described as a gradual ascent to the top of this hierarchy with individuation serving as the critical point when actualisation is accomplished.
Likewise you can also see these theories reflected in the ideas of literary theorist ‘Joseph Campbell' whose book ‘Hero With a Thousand Faces' describes how every story regardless of culture or author really expresses the same journey. This ‘universal story' involves a protagonist leaving their home on a quest for meaning and acceptance, encountering many Jungian archetypes along the way, before eventually returning home having grown into a fully actualised individual.
According to Jung, to Frankl and many other great thinkers, we are all on a ‘hero's journey'. At the end of that journey lies self-acceptance, meaning and actualisation – but the adventure is just as important as the destination…
Image Credits: http://www.flickr.com/photos/stuckincustoms/2416357594/, http://www.flickr.com/photos/jariceiii/6797806427
Robin Johnson, a former lingerie football player, has filed a suit against the Legends Football League on August 12, 2014 in Federal Court for the District of Nevada. She claims that she and all other players have been misclassified as independent contractors when they are actually employees of the league. Consequently, she claims that the players are entitled to minimum wage and overtime.
The Lingerie Football League, now known as the Legends Football League, began as half-time entertainment during the Super Bowl. It is having grown exponentially and now includes teams in multiple cities as well as Australia. The company is based in Las Vegas and is controlled by Mitchell Mortaza. Ms. Johnson claims that when she and other players were hired, they were required to sign employment contracts. The contracts purported that each player was an independent contractor. However, the agreement used the terms “employee” and “employment” throughout the document. Moreover, the agreement required players to attend practices, games and publicity events. In addition, they could not engage in injury-prone behavior outside of work. Their compensation was based on various factors including ticket sales. According to the complaint,Ms. Johnson argues that she was actually an employee of the league under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) because she had no ability to negotiate the terms of her contract and her schedule was dictated by the league. As an employee she would have been entitled to minimum wage and overtime pay. Therefore, she requests back pay and penalties for herself and all the other players in the league.
Under the FLSA, whether or not a person has signed a document stating that he or she is an independent contractor is not determinative. Rather, the court looks at the relationship between the person and the employer. There are a number of factors that cause the court to consider a person an employee. A comprehensive guide to the FLSA factors can be found here. In this case, it would appear that two factors will be important: (1) whether the work is integral to the employer's business and (2) the nature and degree of control of the employer. In this case, it appears that the players' work is integral to the business. After all, if there are no players, there is no league. In addition, the league appears to have a high-degree of control over the players. The contract requires the players to follow the league's schedule and even restricts their activities outside of work. Consequently, it may be difficult for the league to show that the players were independent contractors. If so, the league may be facing a large financial judgment for back wages and penalties. In addition, the league would have to pay players as employees on a go-forward basis.
It is interesting to note that Ms. Johnson is represented by a boutique employment law firm based in Los Angeles named Alexander Krakow + Glick, LLP. The fact that a high-powered L.A. firm is representing her gives credence to the idea that she has a valid claim.
Jeremy Clarkson has revved up Scousers by calling them thieves
Jeremy Clarkson has revved up Scousers by calling them thieves
The Top Gear host aimed a series of “cheap shots” at them during his BBC2 show.A BBC spokesman confirmed the episode, seen by 6.3million fans, had received 33 complaints.And angry Merseysider Barry Evanson fired off a Tweet blasting; “Oh that's so lame Top Gear!“Anyone from Liverpool is a thief well f*** you, May Clarkson & Co.”His jibes came after Scouse comic John Bishop, 44, set the fastest-ever time in the show's “star in a reasonably priced car” slot.Clarkson asked him: “Where does a man from Liverpool learn how to drive that fast in somebody else's car..?” Then he added it must be “in the genes”.Sunday's show ended with a £150,000 Porsche resting on bricks with its wheels missing.May joked: "I told you not to bring somebody from Liverpool on this show".Clarkson added: “On that bombshell ...”Tweeter Lee Carus said: “It was a cheap and quite frankly old dig at Liverpool at the end. Clarkson's living in the 80s.”And David Garden added: “Can't believe Top Gear took piss out of Liverpool by putting a Porsche up on bricks. Such old joke.”A BBC spokeswoman said: “Jeremy was just being Jeremy.”Clarkson's has previously branded lorry drivers “rapists” and taunted the French, Catholics, gays and caravan-owners.
Several Maryland colleges, including the state's flagship University of Maryland, College Park and Towson University, are imposing a rare midyear tuition increase as the institutions grapple with state aid being slashed.
The University System of Maryland's Board of Regents voted Friday to allow state colleges to raise tuition by 2 percent, and the College Park campus was given approval to impose a surcharge. In addition to hiring freezes that have been imposed across the system, schools also can furlough employees, eliminate jobs or postpone maintenance projects to save money.
As the state tackles an 18-month deficit that once stood at nearly $1.2 billion, state agencies and programs have been feeling the pinch. The university system saw its state funding cut by more than $40 million as part of recent budget cuts.
So far, only four universities — Maryland's College Park campus, Towson, Frostburg State University and Salisbury University — have decided to raise tuition to offset funding cuts that were spread among them. University officials said they planned to begin notifying students and parents.
While most other university system schools are still working on how to absorb the cuts, University of Maryland, Baltimore County officials said the school would not raise tuition or implement furloughs. Officials said the school would delay some initiatives and spread out costs.
Full-time resident undergraduates at the College Park campus will pay $152 more this spring because of the tuition increase and surcharge, and those at the other schools will see tuition bills rise as much as $62. That comes on top of a 3 percent tuition increase for all Maryland schools in the fall. It's the first midyear increase in 12 years.
All four schools pledged to use some funds generated by tuition increases to aid low-income students.
University of Maryland, College Park student body President Patrick Ronk called the tuition hike "deeply upsetting."
"You sign up to pay a certain amount of tuition," he said. "People are always upset about tuition going up every year, but in the middle of the year is just ridiculous."
Zachary McGee, a Towson senior and president of the University System of Maryland Student Council, said the regents wouldn't have considered the hikes "unless they absolutely had to." Still, he said, midyear tuition increases take everyone by surprise. The coming semester begins Jan. 26.
"However little or however much it is, people aren't budgeting for this," he said. "Students shouldering the cost is never a good thing, in my eyes."
The College Park campus also announced Friday it would implement furloughs of up to three days for campus employees.
University President Wallace Loh said that the number of furlough days employees must take would be determined by compensation, adding that he and other top administrators will take three days. Those at the bottom of the pay scale might not need to take any furloughs.
Many employees were shocked by the scale of the budget cuts, said William Stuart, an anthropology professor and a University of Maryland representative on the Council of University System Faculty. They knew budget cuts were imminent; they just didn't realize the magnitude, he said.
"The question that troubles a lot of us is, how the hell did this happen?" Stuart said. "How did it get this bad? … This is humongous."
William Kirwan, chancellor of the university system, said that each institution has some autonomy in covering its share of the deficit.
"Even though the first public action was tuition, it was, for institutions, the last thing to come onto the table," Kirwan said. "This is not where people started in making their cuts. The only reason it comes up now, pure and simple, is that if you're going to use a tuition surcharge, it has to be done right now, because of the billing."
The efforts come after the state Board of Public Works approved Gov. Martin O'Malley's recommended budget cuts. Kirwan said that last month, the university system had been told to prepare for funding cuts in the range of $8.5 million.
"We very much feel that this is very much a shared burden," said Salisbury President Janet Dudley-Eshbach. "We are aware that will present some hardship. We had planned for a cut, but not of this magnitude."
The University of Maryland, College Park's share of the funding cut to the university system is $15.6 million. Loh said the furloughs represent $3 million of the reduction, and the tuition increase $4 million.
"When one is looking at a $15.6 million cut that must be done this semester, that is not a small amount," Loh said. "Remember, too, that we had cuts back in the fall. They add up. I think we are state employees, and like all state employees, we must share in the pain of putting the fiscal house in order."
For out-of-state undergraduates, the University of Maryland, College Park would charge a flat-rate $279 surcharge, and graduate students will see a one-time surcharge of up to $100. Part-time undergraduate and graduate rates also will be increased.
Towson's share of the funding cut was about $3.5 million, interim President Timothy J.L. Chandler said in a statement.
The administration will bear more than 70 percent of the cuts, with the midyear tuition increases helping to make up the rest, he said. Equipment purchases and travel also are being reduced or eliminated.
"Sharing this financialburdenwith our students is a decision we take very seriously," he said. "After discussing the news with a group of student leaders, they fully understood that the increase was preferred over cutting student services, and that the timing and severity of this cut made it necessary."
The midyear increase will be waived for students "with exceptionally high financial need," he said.
Baltimore Sun reporter Carrie Wells contributed to this article.
Tuition on the rise
University of Maryland, College Park
Tuition increase: $76
One-time surcharge: $76 for in-state residents, $279 for out-of-state
Towson University
Tuition increase: $60
Salisbury University
Tuition increase: $62
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Jared Goff never got a chance to play here last year. The Los Angeles Rams opened their 2016 season at Levi's Stadium, and Goff, the No. 1 overall pick earlier that spring, was inactive, confined to street clothes with a plethora of family and friends watching from the stands. Goff was asked about that earlier this week and shook his head. He announced that he was "done" talking about last year.
"Last year was a whole different deal," Goff said, "and this year is exciting."
Is it ever.
Goff played the best game of his NFL career on Thursday, 11 days after playing the best game of his NFL career. He carved up the same San Francisco 49ers team he grew up rooting for, going 22-of-28 for 292 yards, three touchdowns and zero turnovers in a thrilling 41-39 win that went down as one of the most exciting Thursday night games ever. The Rams scored 40 points for the second time this season after managing only two 40-point games in their previous 10 seasons combined.
And they almost gave it up.
Jared Goff completed 22 of 28 passes for 292 yards and three touchdowns Thursday night. Chris Williams/Icon Sportswire
Their defense allowed a winless 49ers team that didn't score a touchdown in its first two games to amass 421 yards. And their special teams fumbled three times -- on a punt, on a kickoff and on an onside kick. It wasn't until Aaron Donald wrapped up Brian Hoyer for his first sack of the season that the Rams cemented their second win in three games. But if defense and special teams are your biggest concern about this team at this point, it's a very good sign.
The Rams' offense -- last in the NFL in yards each of the past two years and among the NFL's worst for about a decade -- continues to look very good.
"It feels good, man," Rams running back Todd Gurley said, a big smile on his face. "It feels good. We haven't been able to put up points like that since Marshall [Faulk] and them left."
Gurley scored three touchdowns in the first half, giving him six in his first three games -- the same amount he had through 16 games last season. Sammy Watkins and Robert Woods had the breakout games they had been waiting on, combining on 12 catches for 214 yards and two touchdowns, both by Watkins. And the Rams' offense surpassed 100 points for the season, marking the first time this franchise has reached triple digits through the first three games since 2000.
Gurley gained 113 yards on 28 carries and added another 36 yards on five catches. Before halftime, he became the first player with six touchdowns in the first three games of a season since Calvin Johnson in 2011 -- and it was all set up by Goff moving the ball so efficiently and effectively.
Sean McVay, the mastermind behind Goff's turnaround, said he was "really pleased" with his quarterback.
"I thought he made really great decisions with the football," McVay said.
It wasn't just the numbers Goff put up; it was the throws he made. On one play, he rolled to his right, threw on the run and fired a dart to Woods in a very tight window for a 31-yard gain. He threw a perfect pass to Tyler Higbee on a post near the end zone that was dropped. He went over the top to Woods on the left sideline, setting up a tiptoe catch that went for 21 yards. He threw another dime to Cooper Kupp's back shoulder, but it was knocked away. He rolled to his left, opted against throwing to Kupp deep, let the play develop, changed his arm angle and hit Woods short, allowing him to run for what became a 25-yard gain.
And he connected with Watkins for 47 yards downfield on a ball that looked as if it were dropped into his receiver's hands by a drone. It went down as the longest completion of Goff's career, but that wasn't even the most encouraging stat from the night. This was: Goff completed 13 straight passes at one point, including his first 11 of the second half -- for a combined 155 yards and two touchdowns.
What a difference a year makes.
"Every week, I see confidence," veteran left tackle Andrew Whitworth said of Goff. "Really, his feeling in the huddle is just that he's getting comfortable, and that he feels safe, and that he feels like, 'Hey, you know what, I can succeed in this environment, in this scenario.' You can just feel that confidence coming out of him."
Goff went 18-of-22 with all three touchdowns from the pocket Thursday, but he was also 4-of-6 for 82 yards outside the pocket, according to ESPN Stats & Information. In three games, Goff has twice as many completions on passes 20 or more yards (eight) than he did in seven games last season. He is 58-of-82 for 822 yards, five touchdowns and only one interception in three games, after sporting the NFL's lowest Total QBR as a rookie.
He was asked if he ever thinks about where he was at this point last year, and how far he has come since then.
"Looking forward," Goff said, plainly. "It was exciting to be here today and be in Levi's Stadium, and obviously coming out with the win is the most important thing."
The Niti Aayog's blueprint to increase the role of private hospitals in treating non-communicable diseases in urban India by handing district hospitals over to the private sector on 30-year leases was built largely on a template provided by the World Bank. The template was fine-tuned in close coordination with top private healthcare industry representatives. State health officials and the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare had a limited role in developing the blueprint, and public health experts outside the corporate world had an even smaller role, show government documents reviewed by Scroll.in.
A meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last year gave Niti Aayog the mandate to build model contracts for public-private partnership in the health sector. Much of the discussion in the Niti Aayog in drafting the blueprint was limited to tweaking model contract agreements to ensure buy-ins from private players.
Towards the end of the discussions, one senior officer within the Niti Aayog warned against the discussions being led by private players in the health sector and the consequent template. The officer noted that the template did not focus on final health outcomes but only on inputs to get industry interested in the proposal. The consequences of such an approach would not be good, she warned.
Her advice was ignored.
Instead, Niti Aayog Chief Executive Officer Amitabh Kant ordered that there was no need to ensure proof of the model's efficacy through pilot projects or for the Union cabinet to approve of the idea – both of which had been proposed initially.
The Niti Aayog eventually proposed that district-level hospitals be leased out to private sector players for 30 years to provide secondary and tertiary level care for non-communicable diseases such as cancer and respiratory ailments at rates prescribed under government schemes. The document was leaked to the media in June and eventually released by the government think tank in August.
Under the proposal, there is to be no free treatment or separate beds in privatised district hospitals for those who are not covered by government health schemes. State governments are required to direct ill people from community health centres and primary health centres for higher treatment to these privatised hospitals to ensure customers. But patients without government health insurance will not get free treatment beyond primary and community health centres. The scheme allows the government to have people covered by its schemes treated without having to administer the services itself.
District hospitals are supposed to provide the private partner with building space and also share back-end infrastructure facilities such as ambulance services and blood blanks with them. The agreement also offers private hospitals a chance to set up 50- or 100-bed hospitals in towns other than India's eight largest metropolises. The state government will provide private partners with some of the viability gap funding (a one-time grant to set up the hospital).
Scroll.in used the Right To Information Act to access the official documents with the government on the privatisation of district hospitals in order to reconstruct how the Niti Aayog reached its controversial conclusions.
The trigger
On March 14, 2016, Modi chaired a meeting at his residence reviewing the state of healthcare in the country. Union Health Minister JP Nadda, health secretary CK Mishra and other health ministry and Niti Aayog officials attended the meeting, the minutes of which show that Amitabh Kant made presentations on the health sector.
On the subject of infrastructure, it was decided “to promote private players partnering with government to ramp up infrastructure and improve quality”. It was decided that “Model Concession Agreements for PPP in health (across primary, secondary, and tertiary sectors)” would be prepared and a new central body would be set up to promote innovative ideas for public private partnership in health. The health ministry was given six months to take action on this decision.
However, officials of the Niti Aayog had already begun work on the plan a month earlier in February, when they met an health sector investment officer of the International Finance Corporation and a health specialist and senior economist of the World Bank. They discussed developing “a model concession agreement chronic disease units co-located with district hospitals in PPP mode”.
On March 4, Kant approved the note to involve the World Bank for technical support to develop the blueprint. On April 4, after the meeting at Modi's residence, a Niti Aayog official noted that the proposed blueprint would first be tested at a couple of district hospitals as a pilot study. “Thereafter, it has been planned to seek the approval of the Union Cabinet for sharing the MCA [Model Concession Agreements] with all the States for rolling out across the country,” the official noted.
By May 19, 2016, the finance ministry approved the World Bank as the sole technical consultant to prepare the blueprint.
Patients at a government hospital. (Photo credit: HT).
World Bank in driver's seat
Two more meetings were held in April and July 2016 at the health ministry. Chaired by health secretary CK Mishra, with officials of the Niti Aayog and some industry representatives present, broad ideas related to the public-private partnership were discussed at these meetings. Mishra asked the Niti Aayog to figure two or three possible areas in health where the public-private partnership model could be developed.
On May 31, Niti Aayog informed the health ministry that it had already sought permission from the Department of Economic Affairs to let the World Bank provide technical assistance to prepare a Model Concession Agreement “to foster public private partnerships at district level” for prevention and control of non-communicable diseases. It said that the contract would be formulated by the World Bank with inputs from the Niti Aayog and the health ministry.
The Niti Aayog file on the matter did not have the minutes of the July 5 meeting.
After consultations, the World Bank shared a concept note for discussion on public-private partnerships for non-communicable diseases. It discussed various models including the insurance-based one. It recommended that the hub-and-spoke model of public-private partnership and a standalone facility providing these services can serve as models – a proposal that was eventually adopted. This model entailed leasing out district hospitals to private players, with community health centres and primary health centres of the government providing the clientele.
The concept note focused on the profitability of the venture for the private sector. It asked questions such as:
“What are the minimum essential infrastructure/support requirements that the private sector expects in district hospitals at the time of handing over from the government?”
and
“Based on the experience as the private sector, what are the concerns that you have related to the government's offer of support in the partnership? What are the incentives from the government that would make investment proposition more attractive for the private sector.”
The World Bank also warned of a possible conflict between government health insurance schemes and the profitability of the privatisation model. The concept note said:
“There may be existing or new health protection schemes of the government that may conflict with the provisions of the proposed PPP for non-communicable diseases thereby affecting the market for such arrangements, like state specific health insurance schemes or the current Rashtraiya Swasthiya Bima Yojna.”
(Photo credit: Reuters).
Private sector players become key
In the last week of November, the Niti Aayog sought the responses of industry representatives in a questionnaire to understand the industry's perspective on the concept of providing care for non-communicable diseases at district hospitals.
On December 8, Niti Aayog advisor Alok Kumar convened a meeting with 57 people including industry representatives from private healthcare providers, diagnostic services, equipment manufacturers, industry bodies, officials from World Bank and International Finance Corporation.
Only one officer from the Union health ministry, Dr Damodar Bachani, a low-ranking deputy director from the non-communicable diseases division, attended the meeting. The meeting set up four working groups with five to nine members in each group.
The four working groups included one defining the diseases to be tackled, financing, project structuring and on how to cover pre-requisites for selection of diseases, and diagnostics. All the convenors of these working groups were representatives of the private sector. The ministry was asked to nominate a person for each group.
At this stage, Kumar specified the model – the “co-location model” – for which the government was seeking inputs. Under this model, the private sector would get district hospitals to run and the government's contribution would be physical space and access to basic amenities.
At this meeting with industry representatives it was also decided that the private sector's takeover of district hospitals would be sustainable only in the long-term, and not in the four-to-seven year period that was initially proposed.
The minutes said: “There needs to be a mechanism in place to adjust prices that will protect the private sector from potential losses and the government from higher costs.”
In January 2017, another meeting with the Chief Medical Officers of three district hospitals each in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Meghalaya, Odisha, Uttarakhand, Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh were invited to interact with industry representatives on the public-private partnership project model.
On February 20 and 21, the Niti Aayog invited state principal secretaries for health from seven states – including Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Meghalaya, Odisha, Uttarakhand, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh – for a video-conferencing meeting with industry representatives. Records of these meetings were not found in the Niti Aayog file either.
(Photo credit: HT).
The final reports from the four working groups were submitted and discussed at the Niti Aayog on February 20 and February 21.On March 29, a meeting was held at the Niti Aayog where the think tank's officials, including Kant, were present, as were three health ministry officials – secretary CK Mishra, joint secretary Manoj Jhalani, additional secretary Anil Kumar Jain – World Bank officials and Pranav Mohan of the International Finance Corporation.
Records show that a concept note was circulated to officials in the Niti Aayog based on discussions held so far.
The World Bank group made a presentation about the services that will be provided under oncology, pulmonology and cardiology under the proposal. The World Bank officials presented the industry perspective.
The minutes said, “Given the trade-off between variables of the project such as term of concession agreement, user fee, Viability Gap Funding, level of services etc” the World Bank recommended four options with varying tariff rates keeping Central Government Health Scheme as the base rate, number of years in the concession period, and the viability gap funding.
The World Bank's presentation also said that Central Government Health Scheme rates can be used as the benchmark to fix tariffs for those not covered by the scheme.
But as suggested by the health ministry, it was decided that instead of Central Government Health Service rates, the prices set by the government for its insurance schemes would be used to set tariffs for services at the privatised district hospitals. It was also decided that the model contracts would be for 30 years and that the viability gap funding provided to the private player would be used as a parameter for bidding in the project.
Objections from within Niti Aayog
For this meeting, another advisor in the Niti Aayog, Anna Roy sent in written comments. She said that the proposed model should be scrapped. The records show that Roy asked that the approach to public-private partnership in the health sector be revised, with public officials leading the discussions instead of the private sector. She asked that the proposal be revised after identifying the various norms and practices that have been successfully followed in the past.
Roy questioned the overwhelming presence of private sector representatives in these discussions, warning that the results would also be biased towards the private sector's interests. She said that the idea that the government would provide land and prescribe uniform tariffs should be reviewed. She noted that the model allowed private players not to offer any free services or reserved beds for the poor, and said considering the government was also going to provide funds, a bulk of the services should be reserved for common people instead.
She added that the proposed model had discussed rights and obligations of the players in detail. It had not set performance indicators for them to achieve. The advisor added that the model contract being prepared did not specify the outcomes of the project which was contrary to best practices for public-private partnership models.
Roy's was the lone voice of dissent through the discussions.
But in April, Kant ordered that the blueprint be adopted without pilot projects or cabinet approval. He said states could just use the template as guidelines to adopt the model. He said taking the Union cabinet's approval would make the model inflexible for adoption by states and would become time-consuming if it later had to be amended.
The World Bank was expected to prepare the final draft by May 15. At the end of May, Kant said there was no need to send the documents to the department of legal affairs for vetting.
Once the draft was produced, it was sent to all states by June 5. The health ministry was sent a copy of the model contract for privatisation of district hospitals only in August after the document was already in the public domain.
Post by Yohan » Tue Jan 08, 2013 4:42 pm
SM wrote: Thanks for the updates Yohan.
He signed a contract with QPR and I would expect him to honour it. If he stays, then he will leave with my best wishes whether we stay up or go down at the end of the season.
For the record, I think he will do a great job for Toronto.
Unfortunately I don't have access to the main forum so I can't answer some questions directly but anyways.As a Toronto FC supporter, it's not ideal. Even if Ryan Nelsen joined Toronto right now, he'd be basically fed through a firehose as he learns the intricacies of MLS. MLS is a strange beast with complex set of rules and international coaches rarely do well. (Last international manager to win the MLS Cup is Gary Smith, now at Stevenage)There is a college draft coming up that is crucial next week. Right after around 20th or so, pre season starts with MLS season begins 2 March.But this season is expected to be a rebuilding season for TFC. We finished last previous season and it would be great to make the playoffs this season. We have the couple of decent players (by MLS standards) in our books with Torsten Frings (retiring after this season), former Dutch international striker Danny Koevermans who is recovering from a serious injury right now, Eric Hassli who some of you may have seen scoring cracker of goals on youtube. Also Darren O'Dea, former Man U youth product Richard Eckersley, Ipswich town winger Reggie Lambe. Just haven't had the time for these lads to jell together as a team due to rather toxic situation in the front office.So the fact that Nelsen won't be joining TFC full time until May is not ideal, but it's not going to kill TFC.Anyways, best of luck on your relegation fight.PS: We still sing the Danny Dichio song on 23:13 mark of every home game. Danny Dichio is still a club legend in Toronto, and he currently coaches U18 youth team for TFC.
There is a sense of reverence on the set of the new Anne of Green Gables television movie, currently being filmed at a heritage site in Milton, Ont., just northwest of Toronto.
That's the feeling at one of the key locations, described as "perfect" by executive producer Kate Macdonald Butler — right down to the creaking old floors of Matthew and Marilla's house known to fans of previous films and the much-loved 1908 book by Lucy Maud Montgomery.
"The fact that there's a real house, and a real farm, and a barn and a chicken coop, and a garden — for the actors — makes it all the more real so they can portray the roles," Macdonald Bulter said during a bright sunny day on the farm last Thursday.
The film introduces 13-year old Ella Ballentine as Anne. Plus, there's a share of Hollywood star power provided by Martin Sheen as Anne's adoptive father, Matthew Cuthbert.
And, despite the past production company's legal wranglings with the author's descendants, this adaptation has the blessing of L.M. Montgomery's granddaughter, Macdonald Butler.
She said she was approached several times with some interesting projects, "but [with] this project, they maintain the integrity of the story and they are respectful," referring to the executive producers at Breakthrough Entertainment, who include Joan Lambur, Ira Levy, Peter Williamson and others.
"They are so respectful of my grandmother's work and the novel that I thought it was a really good fit," Macdonald Butler told CBC's Deana Sumanac-Johnson.
Lambur, who works primarily in children's entertainment, described Anne as a hero and has no doubt the beloved character still appeals to people of all ages and eras, even in these days of social media, which is actually raising awareness about Anne on Twitter.
Universal themes for new generation
"For me, I was confident that we were going to be able to achieve reaching this new generation of kids as long as we stayed true to the story, because the story contains all those universal themes she exhibits, characteristics that are aspirational," she said.
Lambur said Sheen is "exceeding all of our hopes." She said he's bringing a powerful performance to the role and "creating a compassionate, kind, loving, simple man."
Ballentine, who will be entering Grade 9 in the fall, said she is part of a "very classic Canadian story" and can relate to Anne's life, thanks to her 100-year-old great-grandmother who has shared stories of her own youth.
"I also think Anne and I have similar qualities, because she's very imaginative and she's very curious about everything. I think I'm the same," the 13-year-old said.
Lucy Maud Montgomery's Anne of Green Gables, based on the classic Anne series of novels, is being filmed in both Ontario and Prince Edward Island.
It's set to debut on YTV in early 2016.
Sara Botsford, who stars as the stern sister of Matthew, Marilla Cuthbert, tweeted on Friday that the shooting schedule is "almost finished."
See the full report in the video above.
BERLIN -- To Berliners, Kurfuersten Strasse, in the district of Schoeneberg, is synonymous with prostitution and the drugs trade. But to Premium Finance Group, a Chinese wealth management company selling 127 apartments in the KU136 Kurfuersten Strasse Berlin project, the area is "very desirable for those with families due to the excellent local facilities."
Shanghai- and Beijing-based Premium Finance Group is one of a number of Chinese wealth management companies that hold regular launch events in China to sell flats in Berlin, helping to make the German capital a growing target for Chinese property investment. On its website, the company claims that Berlin property prices and residential rents have seen annual increases of 10-13% and 8-10% respectively in recent years, and that investors can access the market for just 50,000 euros ($59,540).
Investors are attracted by prices that are substantially lower than in London, a more traditional location for Chinese property investment. For example, an upscale two-bedroom apartment in the prime Mitte district costs roughly 700,000 euros, compared with about 2.8 million pounds ($3.61 million) for a similar property in London's Mayfair.
But the truth about Kurfuersten Strasse is not the only thing that Chinese investors are not being told. Another is that one of the reasons why Berlin property prices are low compared with other big European cities is that the government imposes strict rent controls and has given strong rights to tenants, seriously limiting the prospects for growth in rental income.
In Berlin, landlords cannot increase rents by more than 15% over the course of three years for existing tenants. They are also forbidden to eject tenants in favor of others willing to pay higher prices. Tenants can take landlords to court if these rules are flouted; most such cases end with tenants moving out with substantial compensation from landlords.
Tenants also have the right to carry out property repairs and deduct the costs from rental payments if landlords can be shown to have been slow to act. Similar rules apply across Germany, although the rental increase ceilings vary.
These provisions have kept net rental yields at about 2-2.5% in Berlin, compared with 4-5% in London, where investors have also profited from significant capital gains. Prices have risen by an average of 450% in London over the last 20 years, and by 700% in the central London borough of Hackney, according to Land Registry data analyzed by Lloyds, a U.K bank.
Still, Mark Elliott, a Hong Kong-based associate director of global property agent JLL, said that Berlin rents rose by 15% in 2016 compared with the year before. This is a result of the city's rapidly-growing population, rent increases imposed after tenants have left voluntarily, and new properties coming onto the market, for which initial rents are set at market rates.
Elliott said: "Berlin is a relatively new offering [for JLL in Hong Kong and China] because we were looking to diversify, and the Berlin story is one that appeals to the Asian investor looking to diversify." In June, JLL held a Hong Kong launch for the Luisenpark Quarter, a development of 409 premium apartments in Berlin planned for completion in 2019. The development is close to the Chancellery, the office of long-serving German leader Angela Merkel, in the center of the city.
Chinese investors' confidence that Berlin property is undervalued was boosted in October 2016 when China Investment Corp., a sovereign wealth fund, bought 16,000 rental apartments in Berlin, Cologne, Kiel and Rendsburg. CIC outbid listed German property investors, including Vonovia, the country's largest residential property company, and its rival Deutsche Wohnen.
In its "Emerging Trends in Real Estate Europe Report 2017," the business consultancy PwC named Berlin as the continent's leading city for overall investment and development prospects, followed by Hamburg, Frankfurt, Dublin and Munich. Separately, Germany's Postbank forecast that Berlin residential property prices will rise by 40-50% by 2030.
Value growth
Berlin Property Services, a German property advisory company specializing in Chinese business, said that Chinese investors account for about 20% of its client pool, buying up to four properties each. Co-founder Anne Schneppen, a former journalist, said Chinese buyers tend to focus on the suburbs of Mitte and Kreuzberg, near to China's embassy.
"Many of them seem a bit shocked when I tell them right away that annual net yields from rental collection are between 2% and 2.5% instead of the 5% promised elsewhere, but there clearly is value growth, given that Berlin is still undervalued," Schneppen said.
"Clients often tell us that Germany is a safe and transparent market with political and economic stability, partly due to the Merkel factor, and that Berlin is the metropolis of that haven." Schneppen added that unlike other foreign buyers, Chinese investors take only a few days to seal deals and have usually sorted out the financing themselves.
A female Chinese executive in the information technology sector, who asked not to be named, said that her first purchase in Berlin was a flat for her son, who was attending a local university, but she ended up with several additional properties.
"I travelled to Berlin to stay three days, took part in an orientation tour through the whole of the city, and looked at four apartments before settling for an older building in an 'up-and-coming' location in Mitte that guaranteed value preservation and indicated value appreciation," she said.
"I was so impressed by Berlin that I decided to buy another two to three apartments with existing rental contracts," she added.
Not all Berliners welcome the Chinese intrusion. Rainer Wild, director of the Berlin Tenants' Association, said interest in the city had taken off in 2009, when near-zero global benchmark interest rates made Berlin's residential rental yields seem attractive.
Wild said the resulting pressure on the market has been exacerbated by Berlin's quickly-growing population. "It's a lose-lose situation. The Chinese investors are of course going to affect this to the detriment of the tenants, but on the other hand they will likely suffer themselves from having no knowledge at all about German rent law, which strongly limits the potential for rental yield," Wild said.
Rental costs in larger cities are certain to feature in a German general election in September, but there is no sign that politicians have identified Chinese purchasers as an issue.
Jost Wuebbeke, a researcher at the Mercator Institute for China Studies, a Berlin-based think tank, pointed out that even CIC's purchase of 16,000 apartments had not stirred controversy. This, said Wuebbeke, stands in stark contrast to German politicians' concerns about recent Chinese takeovers of local high-technology companies, including KUKA, a robot-maker.
The main risk to Chinese investment flows into Germany is Beijing's controls on capital investment outside China, imposed to discourage capital flight as the Chinese economy slows. China has implemented a series of measures to curb what it calls "irrational" overseas property investments.
However, Wuebbeke said residential property investment overseas is hard for the Chinese authorities to control because families typically band together to buy homes to avoid breaching individual annual quotas for international financial transfers.
Donald Trump accepts US Senate loss meted out to Roy Moore but takes swipe at fellow Republicans
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Donald Trump says some Republicans are happy Roy Moore lost (ABC News)
United States President Donald Trump says some Republicans are happy Roy Moore lost his bid for the US Senate, but the ramifications for the party are significant.
There was no barrage of aggressive tweets fired off in the early hours of this morning. Nor did he fly off the cuff and blame the media.
Instead, Mr Trump manned up and accepted the loss meted out to a man he so passionately championed for the Senate, especially late in the campaign.
He did take a swipe at his fellow Republicans though, suggesting some of them are happy with the result in last night's special election.
"A lot of Republicans feel differently, they're happy with the way it turned out but I would've thought — as the leader of the party I would've liked to of had the seat," Mr Trump said.
The evangelical Mr Moore's extreme right views were always a bridge too far for many moderate Republicans.
The sexual assault and misconduct allegations against the lifelong morality campaigner compounded their misgivings.
However, the practical realities of the loss are obvious.
The Republicans' slender majority in the Senate is now just one — even further challenging the Trump Administration.
It has already had a tough time navigating legislation through a divided Congress which is heavily influenced by people like John McCain and Jeff Flake voting their conscience and against party lines.
Republicans in the south say pundits should not extrapolate beyond the result itself.
They say the election was a referendum on Mr Moore, not Mr Trump.
Former chairman of the Alabama Republican Party, Marty Connors, still questions the truth of the allegations against Mr Moore, but says they undoubtedly created what was in effect a 30-point swing compared to the President's election margin.
"The truth is you can't withstand that kind of allegation even in a deeply red state and survive, the very fact that it was close is even amazing," he said.
"If anybody tells you this was a national referendum, they've got an agenda.
"I can assure you that if Donald Trump was running in Alabama today against any Democrat he'd still win by about 27.7 per cent.
"It's just the circumstances in this very bizarre situation and the accusations that apparently stuck, or at least added enough confusion where all of these suburban people either stayed at home or wrote in a candidate."
About 22,000 people wrote in the names of candidates that were not on the ballot.
Democratic strategists — including Beth Clayton — agree — and believe despite the loss, Mr Trump remains popular in the state.
"I think a lot of it was people who were just tired of Roy Moore's nonsense," she said.
"I mean, nationally they're trying to make it a referendum on the President.
"I don't think it's that at all — if you're looking for people who don't like the President don't come to Alabama."
Ms Clayton believes the outcome in what was in part a morality test has vindicated perceptions of Alabamians.
"I hope that this shows people that we're not all ignorant, we have a majority of the state now that's ready to say we're decent people and hopefully that's something that carries forward and helps change the way that people see Alabama."
Topics: donald-trump, world-politics, united-states
First posted
Romanian M63 AKM parts kit with laminated wood furniture, 7.62X39, used in *Good to Very Good* condition.
Sold as a part set (as pictured).
This is the kit you want!
These Veteran kits are complete less the stamped receiver and barrel.
These sets have been professionally dissassembled, and will not have rivets, receiver pieces, or torch cut barrel stubs.
We have observed trunnion dates ranging from the mid 1960s to mid 1980s.
In the comments section of the order you can request a specific year, but due to limited supply we CANNOT promise to fill that request.
We are NOT checking and their is NO selection, but some may have matched numbered parts.
Due to the range of dates, kits may have either a slant brake or a muzzle nut.
Parts kits have worn finish, however the moving parts have little wear, this can be seen on the bolt face, and bolt carrier tail.
Each kit includes the laminated wood buttstock and will have a forend that features a grip.
The front trunnions have Romanian markings.
They have seen Military service and are in *Good to Very Good* condition with all parts showing signs of use.
A standard AKM barrel & stamped AKM receiver will fit this part set.
We have barrels, bayonets, magazines, cleaning kits, pouches, US 922(r) compliant components and a full line of spare parts and accessories available for the Romanian AK.
Parts must be inspected and tested by qualified and competent gunsmiths or armorers before use in a firearm.
Not all firearm parts are interchangeable; use of surplus parts without proper knowledge could cause a firearm to malfunction and cause property damage, injury or death.
These parts have been taken from fully automatic weapons, and no modifications have been made for semi-automatic.
Modification may be required to function correctly and safely in a semi-automatic rifle.
The saga of the so-called Charlotte bathroom ordinance — and the state of North Carolina's response to it — has taken on a life of its own. At the national level leftists are accusing North Carolina of bigotry while, in the name of tolerance, a growing list of performers and businesses are boycotting the state. Unfortunately, what has gotten lost in all the rhetoric surrounding this issue is the truth about both the original Charlotte law and the state's response to it.
In late February the Charlotte, North Carolina, city council passed an “antidiscrimination” law, scheduled to go into effect on April 1. It was aimed at protecting what, in the view of the city council, are the rights of those in the gay, lesbian, and transgender community. The centerpiece of this law was a provision that prohibits businesses providing bathrooms, locker rooms, and showers from segregating usage of those facilities by gender, biologically defined. Biological males or females must be allowed to use the facilities of the opposite sex if they claim that that is the sex they identify with psychologically. (Note, no proof was required.)
Much of the criticism of the Charlotte bill was centered around two issues: the religious freedom of business owners and the privacy rights of people, particularly women, using public bathroom and shower facilities. Most of the vocal opposition to the ordinance came from religious organizations and advocacy groups that focused on traditional values. As argued by John Rustin, President of the Family Policy Council:
Similar ordinances have been used to force small business owners like florists, bakers, photographers and bed-and-breakfast owners and others either to conform to a government-dictated viewpoint in violation of those sincerely held religious beliefs or to face legal charges, fines and other penalties that have ultimately caused some to go out of business.
Private Property, Not Religion, Is the Key
While religious liberty is an important concern, the issue is much broader. This ordinance was an assault on the rights of private property owners and economic freedom, regardless of one's religious beliefs.
The primary targets of the Charlotte ordinance were privately owned businesses that offer bathrooms, changing rooms, showers, etc., for their customer's convenience. The decision of how to structure access to these facilities may, for some, be based on their religious beliefs but for many others it is a secular business decision. Their goal is customer satisfaction driven by the desire to make a profit and earn a living. The property that they use is privately owned, the investments that they make come from private funds, and those who reap the rewards or suffer the losses are private entrepreneurs. The bathrooms in their establishments are part of the product that they provide.
In a free society based on property rights and free markets, as all free societies must be, a privately owned business would have the right to decide whether or not it wants separate bathrooms strictly for men and women biologically defined, bathrooms for men and women subjectively or psychologically defined, completely gender neutral bathrooms with no labels on the doors, or no bathrooms at all.
Businesses Seek to Please Their Customers
Their goal is to provide the products and services that most of their customers want in an environment that those customers feel comfortable in. This environment may indeed be different for different establishments depending on the desires and cultural makeup of their clients. This Charlotte ordinance told businesses that they are not allowed to adjust their decisions regarding their bathroom, locker room, or shower facilities in order to accommodate customer preferences. In this sense the now overturned Charlotte ordinance was a gross violation of property rights and economic freedom and on libertarian grounds needed to be overturned.
So what was the state of North Carolina's response to all this? In fact, it was to restore freedom and property rights and to guarantee those rights across the state. The law in North Carolina that so many progressives are up in arms about does not prohibit businesses from having bathrooms, locker rooms, showers, etc., that allow use by people of all genders defined biologically, psychologically, or whatever. In a “myths vs facts” explanatory statement put out by the governor of North Carolina this was made quite clear:
Can private businesses, if they choose, continue to allow transgender individuals to use the bathroom, locker room or other facilities of the gender they identify with ...? Answer: Yes. That is the prerogative of private businesses under this new law. …The law neither requires nor prohibits them from doing so.
In other words, the state of North Carolina codified a basic libertarian principle: the separation of bathroom and state.
The only place where bathrooms, showers, etc., must conform with biological sex is in government owned facilities — courtrooms, city halls, schools, etc., where this separation is not possible. So yes, in North Carolina 12-year old boys, defined by what body parts they are sporting, may not use the girls' locker room and showers after gym class at the local public middle school. Of course private middle schools are free to do what they want. If not believing that this is unjust discrimination makes me a bigot, then so be it.
So where does this approach leave the issue of religious freedom? For the most part, and particularly in cases like this, religious freedom is nothing more than the right to use your own property in a way that comports with your religious beliefs. This applies not only to the issue of who gets to use what bathrooms but also to the Little Sister's of the Poor and Obama's contraceptive mandate, and most of the other religious freedom cases that are of concern to traditional values advocates. If property rights and economic freedom are the values that are upheld, then religious freedom will take care of itself.
Lukman S Bintoro A group of people practice yoga at the Bali-India Foundation in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia
Four days after the fatwa went out, students continued to fill the classrooms of Jakarta's Jakartadoyoga Studio. On Jan. 28, the influential Indonesian Ulemas Council issued a religious edict forbidding all Indonesian Muslims to practice yoga that incorporates pre-Hindu religious rituals such as meditation and chanting. And while students at the yoga studio admitted they had heard about the proclamation, which allows yoga only for the purpose of exercise or sport, they say it won't deter them from attending classes in the popular Indian practice. "Issuing a fatwa is not the way to settle a controversy  if there really is one," says Sita Resmi, a yoga student and observant Muslim. "If something endangers the public, then I understand, but this doesn't, so it doesn't make much sense to me." (See pictures of facial yoga.)
The esoteric edict is one in a string of attempts by some religious groups and parties in Indonesia to influence morality in the country  efforts that not everyone in the Muslim-majority nation appreciates. The council, which is not an official government body although it receives funding from the Ministry of Religion, has lately come under attack by moderate religious groups for a series of controversial edicts that critics say embolden radical elements in the nation. Though some of the group's religious calls have been praised  it recently issued a fatwa against smoking by minors and pregnant women  others have been more divisive, like the decree that Muslims avoid conventional banks in favor of Shari'a-based banking. Because the council's rulings are nonbinding, they are generally observed only by the nation's more conservative Muslims, but its advice is nonetheless often sought by government officials. Last year, for instance, the council played a key part in the controversial ban of the Ahmadiyah religious sect by the governor of South Sumatra. (Read "Should a Pious Muslim Practice Yoga?")
The credibility of the council was called into question earlier in January, when Transparency International Indonesia accused the institution of being one of the most frequent takers of bribes in the country, particularly in the issuance of halal stickers for food and beverage products. The Council has the sole authority to issue halal certificates  a stamp that can make or break a product in this 85% Muslim market. And while some praised the group for taking on the tobacco lobby in its antismoking efforts, the clerics fell short of banning the habit outright  not surprising in a country where cigarette companies employ tens of millions of people and are among the biggest sources of tax revenues for the government. (Read "In the Mecca of Celebrity Yoga.")
Still, the council leaders are not alone in targeting yoga as a distracting influence to good Muslims. In neighboring Malaysia, a formal ban on yoga was issued last year and is still in place, a move that many Malaysians worried would heighten religious tension in the country. "I think the fatwa was issued now because of their ties to clerics in Malaysia," suggests Hamid Basyaib of the Liberal Islam Network. Many doubt it will have much effect. "The council is trying to reassert its authority among Muslims as the guardians of Islamic belief," says Azyumardi Azra, director of graduate studies at the State Islamic University in Jakarta. "The fatwa is counterproductive because Muslims who do yoga do not feel it alters their fundamental belief in Islam."
Indeed, women like Evita Dwiandiya, another student at Jakartadoyoga, say they will continue to attend their weekly yoga classes. "This is not a mass movement or anything," says Dwiandiya, who works in Jakarta's private sector. "We'll see if anybody remembers in three months." To be sure, with national elections coming up in April and the recriminations that usually follow, yoga is unlikely to register on the long list of problems facing Indonesia as the nation moves to choosing a new group of leaders for the next five years.
See pictures of life inside a Baghdad prison.
See pictures of U.S. troops' 5 years in Iraq.
A couple who moved to Portland in the spring woke today to an unpleasant surprise.
Preston Page and his fiancee, Jessica Faraday, found their house and car vandalized and covered with graffiti along with their car being keyed at their Rose City Park, Oregon home.
In gold paint, messages on the home and car included 'CALI - surfs up' and 'get California out of Portland.'
Scroll down for video
Preston Page and his fiancee, Jessica Faraday, found their house and car vandalized and covered with graffiti along with their car being keyed at their Rose City Park, Oregon home
In gold paint, messages on the home and car included 'CALI - surfs up' and 'get California out of Portland'
Gentrification of Portland has occurred at an increasing rate as more out-of-state movers have caused increased rental and home prices in the city.
Page, Director Of Field Operations at Adidas group, feels that the crime was an act against Portland's housing market.
He said to KATU News: 'So much industry has come in here and, I'm sure, pushed some locals out. That can be rough ... you see housing prices double, or triple in the past five to ten years.
Paige said: 'So much industry has come in here and, I'm sure, pushed some locals out. That can be rough ... you see housing prices double, or triple in the past five to ten years. I don't think it's directed at Californians, just noticeably because a lot of them coming up here. But I'm sure it's all the transplants add in the frustration'
'I don't think it's directed at Californians, just noticeably because a lot of them coming up here. But I'm sure it's all the transplants add in the frustration.'
The couple have no idea who the perpetrators were, but they are working with police to identify who committed the crime.
However, Page did remember that when he was backing out of his driveway, another driver was speeding down the street.
After confronting the driver, the man drove off before telling Page to go back to California.
He suspects that this same individual may have been responsible for the vandalism overnight.
Page and Jessica recently renovated their home and as of two-weeks-ago had just painted the outside of their home.
The couple have no idea who the perpetrators were, but they are working with police to identify who committed the crime. 'California Dreamin' is scribbled on the wall
However, Page did remember that when he was backing out of his driveway, another driver was speeding down the street. After confronting the driver, the man drove off before telling Page to go back to California
He suspects that this same individual may have been responsible for the vandalism overnight
While not feeling threatened by the graffiti, Paige said: 'At the end of the day, you can't get upset at every mad person int he world, that's why we pay for insurance and stuff like that.'
Page repainted the outside of the house and purchased two floodlights and surveillance cameras for his household by Sunday afternoon.
'Other than this little instance, the city is great, the community is great,' said Page.
'It's just unfortunate when you have people who are frustrated that this is how they express themselves.'
Three men have been arrested after an attack involving two men dressed as Oompa Loompas from the film Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
A 28-year-old man was attacked by three men and a woman as he left a kebab house on Prince of Wales Road, Norwich, on 27 December.
Two of the men had painted orange faces and dyed green hair.
Police said two men in their late teens and one in his early 20s were arrested on Saturday on suspicion of GBH.
The victim suffered cuts and black eyes, according to Norfolk Police.
The men, all from the North Walsham area, have been released on bail until March.
Oompa Loompas were created by Roald Dahl in the 1964 children's book, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and appeared in two film versions of the book.
NEW DELHI: In yet another blow to 21 social networking sites including Facebook , Microsoft, Google Yahoo and Youtube , a Delhi court today issued summons to them for facing trial for allegedly webcasting objectionable contents.Metropolitan Magistrate (MM) Sudesh Kumar took cognizance on a private criminal complaint and has directed the Centre for taking "immediate appropriate steps" and also file a report in the court by January 13.The court's order came three days after another court in a civil case had restrained these sites including Facebook, Google and Youtube from webcasting any "anti-religious" or "anti-social" content promoting hatred or communal disharmony.In the fresh case, the court said, "it appears from a bare perusal of the documents that prima facie the accused in connivance with each other and other unknown persons are selling, publicly exhibiting and have put into circulation obscene, lascivious content which also appears to the prurient interests and tends to deprave and corrupt the persons who are likely to read, see or hear the same.""It is also evident that such contents are continuously openly and freely available to everyone who is using the said network irrespective of their age and even the persons under the age of 18 years have full and uncensored access to such obscene contents ," the court said.The MM has summoned the accused companies to face trial for allegedly committing the offence punishable under section 292 (sale of obscene books etc), 293 (sale of obscene objects to young person etc) and 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC The Magistrate noted that in these websites material submitted by the complainant, Vinay Rai, a journalist, contained obscene picture and derogatory articles pertaining to Prophet Mohammad, Jesus Christ and various Hindu Gods and Godesses.
Everyone says the Hugos will survive, and I tend to agree. I think the Puppy voters will get tired of throwing away their money in the name of making whatever statement they're trying to make. They will also have a harder time maintaining the charade that their campaign is about anything other than self-promotion, because after this year there will be fewer neutral parties willing to appear on any slate. The nomination rules will probably be changed to make slates less effective, although I'm afraid that will make the whole process more confusing and could scare some potential nominators away. In the long run this will mostly be forgotten, but in the short term it probably means that at least two WorldCons are going to have their Hugos basically invalidated, and I don't like that they have to make that sacrifice. In my opinion the harassment policy should be invoked against the Puppy organizers and they should be banned from the convention and disqualified from the awards on that basis. I get that the Hugo organizers won't do this, they would argue that the integrity of the awards depends on strict adherence to the bylaws, not arbitrary decisions by administrators. I could make some counterarguments but I don't want to go down that road right now. I will just say that when a group has a stated goal of disrupting the awards, it wouldn't bother me at all if they were barred from participating.
I don't think there's any point in making predictions this year. With so many more voters than usual, anything is possible. The Puppies don't seem to be expecting to win, but whether that means that non-Puppies win or it's all no awards, who knows? Maybe there was a big influx of Chinese voters who wanted to support Cixin Liu and don't know anything about Puppies. I'm not really invested in the results this year, I don't have any favorites that I'm rooting for. I considered skipping this blog post too. But then I realized that's what the Puppies would want. They want people, at least people who aren't them, to lose interest. Well, voting this year was less fun and more of a chore, but I did it. Blogging about it wasn't as much fun either, but blogging about the Hugos seems to be what I do, even if nobody ever sees it. If nothing else, it's an affirmation that I'm still a part of the process. If I have to put up with a couple of down years before it becomes fun again, I can do that. So I'll see you back here, same time next year.
An SJW whose tagline is "exploiting extroverts for personal gain" is demoralized, wants to ban people obeying all the rules as "harassers", but nevertheless insists that they're going to outlast us Yeah, the game journos thought they could outgrind #GamerGate too. I always enjoy the SJW gift for self-contradiction. Even as they make fun of me for not letting go of 10 years of vicious and unprovoked personal attacks made on me by the Torlings beginning in 2005, and as they lament the terrible feelbads that TWO WHOLE YEARS of effective Puppy campaigns have dealt them, they insist that we're going to lose interest and relax the pressure on them Real Soon Now. That's why they want to ban us.Are they mad, delusional, or is it just wishful thinking? Some combination of the three, I suppose. Meanwhile, Tom Knighton is beginning to sound like a Vile Faceless Minion. He just doesn't care what the SJWs in science fiction do anymore.The Rabid Puppies are not going to stop because we're just doing what we've always done. Grind until we level up, then grind some more. In the last six weeks I've edited two books, written a book, turned in four game designs, and none of those things were my top priority project. I don't think I'll have any trouble finding the time to put an annual list of Hugo recommendations together for the foreseeable future.The SJWs don't seem to be able to grasp that we can't be intimidated or that every time they publish another stupid, slanderous, and inaccurate article , every time they libel us and call us names, they ensure that our morale and motivation stays at max. I don't know about you, but at this point, I'm fired up and good foranother decade
Labels: Hugo Award, Puppies
Our showing in Bonn, Germany was shameful. (Bernd Thissen/AFP/Getty Images)
We live in a world turned upside down. On the climate front, the United States, once ambitious to lead, is now a rogue nation – the only one that has not signed the 2015 climate accord. To make matters worse, we joined this week's UN climate conference in Bonn, Germany, so that we could promote consumption of more coal.
But it's not just climate change where we have discarded the mantle of leadership. Over 15,000 scientists this week signed onto a letter to humanity, warning that we are on "a failing trajectory" and "time is running out." This is not the first time we have been warned. This week's letter marks the 25th anniversary of a similar declaration made by a slew of Nobel laureates, the Union of Concerned Scientists and 1700 other scientists in 1992. That letter warned that "a great change of stewardship of the Earth" was required "if vast human misery" was to be avoided.
Now we have that "great change of stewardship." Unfortunately for our planetary future, the new steward is Donald Trump, whose concern about natural assets starts and ends with coal. Coal, it appears, never had a better friend. The president loves coal. Every other product of nature, including the Earth's climate, must fend for itself.
Editorial Cartoons on Energy Policy View All 159 Images
As noted in this week's declaration by scientists, there are some signs of hope. World leaders, with a strong nudge from the scientific community, did take decisive action against ozone depleting substances. The global fertility rate continues to decline, reflecting in part "investments in girls' and women's education." We are even making some progress in slowing the rate of global deforestation.
The declaration warns, however, that the changes are "still far from sufficient." In other words, we are continuing to lose ground. Since 1992, we have added more than 2 billion people to the planet and done far too little to prevent climate change.
The problems are broader than our failure to rein in greenhouse gas emissions, critical as that is to humanity's future. The authors of this week's scientific declaration warn, for example, that "we have unleashed a mass extinction" of plant and animal species. They also criticize our failure to "adequately limit population growth" and "reassess the role of an economy rooted in growth."
They advocate several constructive steps that could be taken to change our trajectory, including "halting the conversion of forests, grasslands, and other native habitats" to cropland, "rewilding regions with native species," reducing food waste, curbing our appetites for meat products and "ensuring that men and women have access to education and voluntary family planning."
But the president of the United States, with all disrespect, disagrees with those 15,000 scientists. In fact, no other president in the history of the American republic, certainly none in memory, has done more to trash science. It's not just President Trump's rejection of climate science and the Paris climate accord. His administration has been busy this month cleaning house at EPA, throwing out independent scientific advisers and replacing them with industry advocates.
While the scientific declaration urges the set-aside of more marine habitats, the administration appears to be moving in the opposite direction. Leaked reports indicate that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke is preparing to reauthorize commercial fishing in several marine monuments previously ravaged by fishing trawlers.
As for scientists' concerns about population growth and its impact upon the natural environment, the Trump administration wants to eliminate all funding for U.S. international family planning programs. It has already acted, by an administrative ruling, to cut off all funding for the United Nations Population Fund.
The scientific declaration urges that our system of taxation be reformed by taking into consideration "the real costs which consumption patterns impose on our environment." But the administration and its allies in Congress have a somewhat different idea of tax reform: retaining tax breaks for fossil fuels, cutting the tax credit for wind power by a third and eliminating the tax credit for electric cars altogether.
The nations of the world assembled this week in Germany may yet summon the collective resolve needed to address climate change and other environmental challenges. But it looks as though they will be doing it without the United States. Shame on us.
Kengo Kuma has revealed plans for his first building in Australia, a cylindrical civic centre by Sydney's Darling Harbour that will feature the Japanese architect's characteristic timber cladding (+ movie).
Ribbons of light-coloured wood will wrap the curving building known as The Darling Exchange in an "organic and spontaneous manner" according to Kuma.
Its six curving floorplates will be shifted off centre, and walkways are angled to create a spiralling form – not dissimilar to the design developed by Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron for a new college at the University of Oxford.
The building will contain a library, childcare centre and market hall as well as a rooftop bar and restaurant with views over Tumbalong Park, the Chinese Gardens and Cockle Bay. It will also host a "makerspace" and Innovation Exchange to support creative and technology start-ups.
"Our aim is to achieve architecture that is as open and tangible as possible to the community, and this is reflected in the circular geometry that creates a building that is accessible and recognisable from multiple directions," said Kengo Kuma.
"The wooden screen wraps the exterior of the building in a dynamic and exciting manner, a historical reference to Darling Harbour originally being a hive of business activity and a focal point as a market exchange."
Gaps between the strips of timber will allow snippets of activity within the building and its external ramping walkways to be seen from a new public plaza below.
This 2,700-square-metre Darling Square has been designed by Australian landscape and urban design firm Aspect Studios.
Both Darling Square and The Darling Exchange are being developed by property company Lendlease as part of the AU$3.4 billion revitalisation of Darling Harbour, overseen by OMA, Hassell and Populous.
Related story Community centre by Kengo Kuma features playrooms with undulating floorboards
The redevelopment is expected to create housing for 4,200 residents, 2,500 jobs, and attract visitors to the area.
An eight-metre-wide lane will improve pedestrian links between Darling Square and the city's Chinatown.
"Throughout history, civic buildings and public squares have brought the community together," said Lendlease CEO and director Steve McCann.
"Our sincere desire is that The Darling Exchange will become a vibrant heart of the local community and a meeting place for all Sydneysiders and visitors."
Lendlease has now submitted a development application for the The Darling Exchange and the public square. Pending planning consent, The Darling Exchange is expected to open in 2018.
Kengo Kuma is known for his innovative use of timber, which gives texture to both the interiors and exteriors of his buildings. Among his previous projects is a Tokyo cake shop encased in intricate timber latticework, a computing facility covered in hundreds of wooden strips and a Starbucks cafe with walls covered in criss-crossing beams.
Subscribe to Dezeen's YouTube channel for the latest architecture and design movies
The architect is also currently working on a latticed-timber stadium for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. He was awarded the contract for the stadium following the controversial scrapping of Zaha Hadid's competition-winning design.
Hadid has since lamented the "remarkable similarities" the stadium has to her own proposal, but Kuma has denied the plagiarism claims saying was inevitable the designs would share basic attributes.
Meet The Man Tapped To Become The Next U.N. Secretary-General
Enlarge this image toggle caption Petros Giannakouris/AP Petros Giannakouris/AP
After six straw polls, the U.N. Security Council has endorsed a candidate for secretary-general: Portuguese politician Antonio Guterres.
"Guterres is well known in the U.N. system," as NPR's Michele Kelemen tells our Newscast unit. Until late 2015, Guterres served as the U.N. high commissioner for refugees, where he led worldwide efforts to help refugees for 10 years.
The Security Council ultimately came together on this pick after a process that was sometimes controversial. "At a time when the Security Council is divided, it was surprising to see all the ambassadors stand together as Russia's Vitaly Churkin, this month's president, announced the news," Michele says.
Guterres was not everyone's first pick, for different reasons. "Some activists had been campaigning to get a woman at the helm of the U.N.," Michele says. As she has reported, half of the candidates were women, including "a Bulgarian who heads the U.N.'s cultural organization, Argentina's foreign minister, a New Zealander who runs the U.N.'s development program and a Costa Rican woman who led successful international climate negotiations." Bulgarian economist Kristalina Georgieva was a latecomer to the race.
At the same time, Russia has been advocating that it is Eastern Europe's turn to hold the position. As the Associated Press explains, "By tradition, the job of secretary-general has rotated among regions," and an Eastern European person has never held the post.
Also, Michele reports that activists had pushed for a more transparent process that would involve countries beyond the 15 members of the Security Council.
However, Guterres ultimately came out ahead in every Security Council straw poll, as Michele reports.
The Security Council's pick is expected to be approved by the General Assembly. Guterres would replace Ban Ki-moon, who will wrap up his second five-year term at the end of the year.
Guterres, who has also served as Portugal's prime minister, spoke with Morning Edition as he was finishing his role as head of the U.N. refugee agency late last year.
During that conversation, he reflected on a world that has changed — that "has lost a lot of its capacity to prevent conflicts and to timely solve them, and the humanitarian consequences of that are catastrophic."
As Guterres put it, "We live in a world now where people that start conflicts or terrorize their own populations ... believe that they can get out of it without any problem. So obviously, with power relations that are less clear, the rules of the game become also less clear, and things just happen in a way nobody predicts."
In that landscape, he is expected to be approved as the world's top diplomat.
Hear the full Morning Edition interview here:
Get the Think newsletter.
Nov. 17, 2017, 9:36 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 17, 2017, 9:36 AM GMT By Noah Berlatsky
"You've buried yourself for a century!" Bruce Wayne (played in this latest iteration by Ben Affleck) scolds Diana Prince aka Wonder Woman in the middle of the new "Justice League" film. Wonder Woman (played by Gal Gadot) has been indeed lying low, her heroics limited to private acts following the death of her lover Steve Trevor, as depicted in the first "Wonder Woman" film earlier this year. But by keeping her head down, Wayne argues, Wonder Woman has shunned her duty as well. Wonder Woman is supposed to be a beacon, not simply an extension of the fire department. She's supposed to inspire citizens to be better.
Batman's right. Wonder Woman, as originally conceived by her creator William Marston, was designed to be an icon of empowerment. Bruce Wayne blames Diana for not living up to her remit. But the truth is, her failure to do so is his fault — and, more broadly, the fault of the executives, writers, and creators behind "Justice League."
"Justice League" is one of the winter's biggest blockbusters, but in the process of combining the DC Universe's main protagonists, it makes Wonder Woman a secondary character. Her story takes a backseat to the heroism and reconciliation of Superman (Henry Cavill) and Batman. In her original comics, Wonder Woman was the most heroic, most important, most awesome person in the world. But in Justice League, she's become just one hero in a crowd of guys. The original purpose of the character has been dismantled.
William Marston, Wonder Woman's creator, was a psychologist, a visionary, and more than a bit of a crank. He believed that society was too masculine, so he created a female hero who could teach women — and as well as men — how to embrace a feminine strength. "It seemed to me from a psychological angle, that the comics' worst offense was their blood-curdling masculinity," he wrote in a 1944 article about his creation. "A male hero, at best, lacks the qualities of maternal love and tenderness which are as essential to a normal child as the breath of life."
Marston created Wonder Woman to serve as a feminine archetype — or in his terms a "love leader." Love leaders were women who used their feminine "allure" to seduce and inspire both women and men to submit to an utopian matriarchy.
Marston's vision sounded loopy in his own time, and in our day his ideas about women sound regressive. But whether or not you buy his gender essentialism, the upshot was stories in which women ruled the page.
In the original Wonder Woman comics, many stories involve her transforming entire sexist societies. For example, in one early adventure, Wonder Woman fights the Mole Men, a group of twisted subhuman underground dwellers who enslave women. She teaches them that women should rule, and leaves Mole Men, male and female, ennobled and happy. In another comic, Wonder Woman's image is literally burned into the brain of evil industrialists, turning them into good public servants. The original Wonder Woman comics believed that when women lead, everyone benefits.
In contrast, most superhero stories are centered around the exploits of men. Even Patty Jenkins' "Wonder Woman" film couldn't resist giving Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) a central, inspiring narrative role that he certainly didn't have in the original comics.
Still, while Trevor's role might have been outsized, he remained a sidekick to Wonder Woman's hero. Making her a second wheel in "Justice League" is painful to watch. Not that this is merely a contemporary problem: In the original Justice League comics, she infamously served as team secretary. Some writers have even made Wonder Woman into Superman's girlfriend. Guys have to be stronger than the women they're dating; therefore, Wonder Woman naturally will date Superman (or sometimes Batman.) This plot line makes sense, if you think men are the most important gender on earth.
Virginia Maiden had an unusual Tuesday, to say the least. She awoke that morning to find that her 1995 Toyota 4-Runner had been stolen. “She was so confused, didn't know what was going on, it was just gone,” a co-worker would later tell the press. So Maiden hitched a ride to McDonald's, where she worked the drive-thru window. At some point that day she spotted something in the drive-thru line that shocked her: a 1995 Toyota 4-Runner.
At first Maiden wasn't sure if the car was hers, but as she was talking with the customer she noticed her McDonald's visor hanging from the rearview mirror. Then she knew.
“You would think whoever stole the car would say, ‘I'm not going to go to McDonald's because the owner works there,'” Rebecca Guerrero, second assistant manager at the McDonald's in Kennewick, Washington said.
The woman driving the stolen car had ordered ice cream, so the quick thinking Maiden told her the ice cream machine was temporarily broken, and that she should pull up to the next window. Maiden then called police, who arrived in time to arrest the suspect.
“What if she [Maiden] was off? What if she was on a break and not at the window? What if she looked away … It was meant to be,” Guerrero said. ”It was at the right time and the right moment.”
A search of the car revealed clothes allegedly stolen from J.C. Penney's and Sears. No charges have been filed yet.
[Daily Mail/ABC News/Image via Getty]
To contact the author of this post, email taylor@gawker.com
5 of 10
Following an intense staredown, Sting knocked Triple H to the canvas first. The Vigilante had Triple H unsure of himself, outwrestling him early on. The Game turned things into a street fight, though.
He pulled Sting to the outside and began to punish him. After leaving Sting wobbling, Triple H laughed at him, mocked him.
When Sting fought back and had his foe trapped in the Scorpion Deathlock, D-Generation X ran in. Sting fought them off, but soon had to deal with Triple H wielding a sledgehammer. That was NWO's cue to step onto the scene.
The two factions battled on the outside of the ring. That allowed Sting to hold Triple H in his trademark finisher for a long stretch of time, but the COO reached the ropes to escape.
Shawn Michaels superkicked Sting to prevent another Scorpion Deathlock.
Chaos unfolded, complete with Triple H's sledgehammer, Sting's bat and Hall of Famers all around the ring. In the end, Triple H nailed Sting with his trusty hammer and got the win.
The two enemies shook hands in the ring rather than have the stable war continue.
Result
Triple H wins via pinfall.
Memorable Moments and Quotes
Sting's entrance included smoke and face-painted men playing drums.
Triple H holds severed Terminator heads during his elaborate, futuristic entrance.
"This isn't Starrcade; this is WrestleMania." —John "Bradshaw" Layfield
Sting shakes off a knee lift from Triple H.
Triple H mocks Sting with a crotch chop.
Sting dives onto DX from the top rope.
"The Monday Night War has just come to life!" —JBL
Michaels does the crotch chop over a fallen Sting.
Sting breaks Triple H's sledgehammer in half.
Grade
A
Analysis
There are of course things to nitpick here, but in the end, it was the kind of spectacle-driven story that makes WWE so special.
For one, WWE seemed to make more of a big deal for Triple H's entrance. It's also an odd move to have JBL play down Sting's accomplishments so much. Rather than present him as an icon from elsewhere, JBL sold him as an underdog.
That didn't matter that much in the end. There was too much fun to be had.
The DX vs. NWO stuff was rich with nostalgia, with WWE pulling out all the bells and whistles fans expected for this match. When the foes battled with their favorite weapons, it felt like a comic book had come to life.
This was never going to be a mat clinic. The better move was to turn this into a memorable sideshow. WWE did just that, delivering a unique, powerful piece of theater.
A US army psychiatrist about to be deployed to Afghanistan allegedly shouted "Allahu Akbar", or "God is greatest", as he opened fire at a military base in Texas, killing 13 people and wounding 28.
Major Nidal Malik Hasan
The gunman, Major Nidal Malik Hasan, 39, shouted the Arabic phrase just before he began his shooting spree at Fort Hood military installation yesterday, according to the base commander, Lieutenant General Robert Cone.
Hasan's family said he had been dreading deployment to Afghanistan.
Cone praised a civilian police officer for stopping the rampage. Sergeant Kimberly Munley and her partner responded within three minutes of reported gunfire. Cone said Munley shot the gunman four times despite being shot herself. "It was an amazing and an aggressive performance by this police officer," he said.
Twelve of those killed were soldiers; one was a civilian. All of the wounded were in a stable condition, officials said at a press conference today. Among them are Hasan himself and Munley.
Contrary to initial reports, Hasan is alive but has not yet been interviewed by investigators as he is on a ventilator. "He is in a stable condition," an army medical spokesman said.
Commander Colonel Steven Braverman, who was a colleague of Hasan at the Darnall army medical centre on Fort Hood, said Hasan performed well in his job and had showed no obvious signs of trouble. "We are not aware of any problems that he had while he was here at Darnall," said Braverman, adding: "We had no problems with his job performance while he was working with us." Braverman confirmed Hasan had received orders to deploy to Afghanistan.
One of Hasan's cousins, Nader Hasan, told reporters he had been dreading going to war, having counselled scores of returning soldiers for post-traumatic stress disorder. "He was mortified by the idea of having to deploy," the cousin said. "He had people telling him on a daily basis the horrors they saw over there."
Family and fellow officers said Hasan had complained of harassment by other troops about his Middle Eastern ethnicity and Muslim faith.
The FBI was last night going through Hasan's phone and computer records to see if a motive could be identified. Agents were checking back on website postings by a man who identified himself as Nidal Hasan that appeared sympathetic to suicide bombings.
At about 1.30pm yesterday, Virginia-born Hasan is said to have opened fire with two handguns at the base's soldier readiness centre where troops were having equipment checks, dental treatment and undergoing other preparations before being flown to Iraq or as they returned from combat. Neither of the guns are believed to have been military issue.
Ford Hood's deputy base commander, Colonel John G Rossi, said about 500 soldiers were in the area when Hasan entered the centre wearing military uniform. He shot some victims at close range and others were injured as the bullets ricocheted, Rossi said.
Troops are not allowed to carry firearms on the base and armed military police quickly swarmed to the scene.
Soldiers tore up their uniforms to bandage the injured. Troops at a graduation ceremony nearby, attended by 600, have been praised for quickly blocking the doors when the firing began.
The base went into lockdown for several hours amid fears other gunmen were involved. Greg Schanepp, who was representing a local congressman at the graduation, told how a soldier who had been shot in the back came running towards him and alerted him to the shooting, telling him not to go in the direction of the killer.
The base commander, Cone, said only military police on the base carried guns. He did not speculate on a motive. Two other people were questioned and then released.
Federal law enforcement officials told Associated Press that Hasan had come to their attention at least six months ago because of his web postings, which discussed suicide bombings and other threats.
One of the web posts that authorities reviewed was a blog that equated suicide bombers with a soldier throwing himself on a grenade to save the lives of his comrades. "To say that this soldier committed suicide is inappropriate. It's more appropriate to say he is a brave hero that sacrificed his life for a more noble cause," said the post. "Scholars have paralled [sic] this to suicide bombers whose intention, by sacrificing their lives, is to help save Muslims by killing enemy soldiers."
The officials said Hasan appeared to have made the postings but it was still being checked.
The wounded were taken to hospitals in the central Texas region. Lisa Pfund said her daughter Amber Bahr, 19, was shot in the stomach and was in a stable condition.
Barack Obama, interrupting a speech in Washington, said the incident was a "horrific outburst of violence".
The gunman showed no signs of worry or stress when he stopped at a convenience store for his daily breakfast of hash browns, said Jeannie Strickland, manager of a local 7-Eleven. "He came in [Thursday] morning just like normal," she told the Houston Chronicle, "nothing weird, nothing out of the ordinary."
Video footage was shown on CNN last night apparently of Hasan in a shop in the morning ‑ about six to seven hours before the shooting ‑ looking relaxed as he bought some goods.
NETWORK FINALS: After adjustment in the 8PM half-hour, the rerun of 2 BROKE GIRLS was at 0.7, the rerun of NEW GIRL was at 0.5, and the rerun of THE WALL was at 1.1. In addition, the new episode of THE WALL and the rerun of THIS IS US gained 0.1 in final numbers, while the new BONES and the reruns of FRESH OFF THE BOAT and THE REAL O'NEALS fell 0.1.
Broadcast Official Nationals Program Ratings Chart
CABLE HIGHLIGHTS: USA's WWE SMACKDOWN led Tuesday cable, up 0.16 from last week to 1.02. HGTV's FIXER UPPER jumped 0.21 to 0.87, HOUSE HUNTERS climbed 0.17 to 0.60, and HOUSE HUNTERS INTL was up 0.21 to 0.56. History's CURSE OF OAK ISLAND lost 0.12 to 0.84, and FORGED IN FIRE was down 0.03 to 0.55. Fox News had 2 primetime hours in the Top 10 surrounding the Supreme Court announcement, topped by THE O'REILLY FACTOR at 0.81 (and 6.8M total viewers). OWN's THE HAVES AND HAVE NOTS gained 0.13 to 0.68. Bravo's REAL HOUSEWIVES OF BEVERLY HILLS slipped 0.02 to 0.57, and LADIES OF LONDON was down 0.02 to 0.24. BET's BEING MARY JANE returned at 0.56. On Discovery, MOONSHINERS dropped 0.04 to 0.55, while KILLING FIELDS was up 0.08 to 0.41. FX's TABOO, despite mixed critical response, is pleasing viewers, up 0.08 from last week to 0.50. On TLC, MY BIG FAT FABULOUS LIFE edged up 0.02 to 0.41. On Freeform, THE FOSTERS returned at 0.40 (on par with the 0.43 for its January 2016 premiere), and SWITCHED AT BIRTH started its final season at 0.24. Lifetime's DANCE MOMS ticked up to 0.34. On Food Network, CHOPPED was down 0.05 to 0.32, and CHOPPED JR aired 2 episodes at 0.32/0.29. A&E's INTERVENTION rose 0.02 to 0.32, and ESCAPING POLYGAMY was at 0.25. Syfy's FACE OFF declined 0.03 to 0.25. MTV's TEEN WOLF fell 0.03 to 0.21. WGN's OUTSIDERS dropped 0.08 from last week's season premiere to 0.19. On TV Land, TEACHERS gained 0.03 to 0.18, and THROWING SHADE fell off the chart, down 0.01 to 0.06/284K.
Top 50 Original Cable Telecasts with Demographic Detail
Top 150 Original Cable Telecasts
To search for a show: type Ctrl-F and type your show title in the search box.
###
Even though there's plenty to like about Windows 10, some folks would still rather buy a Windows 7 computer. Unfortunately for those people, it's about to get a lot harder to do that.
Why? Because Microsoft has finally stopped selling Windows 7 (and Windows 8.1) licenses to computer manufacturers. This isn't something that companies like Dell and HP didn't see coming. Microsoft had set the date ages ago, and we're past it now.
The good news for any of you out there who are still trying to avoid Windows 10 and need to replace an or upgrade a machine is that this doesn't mean all the remaining Windows 7 licenses are going to suddenly disappear. Plenty of retailers will have inventory on hand for quite some time.
Some will still have brand-new desktops and laptops available that ship with Windows 7. You may have to go looking for a system built for business environments, though, as most of the systems built for consumers have been shipping with Windows 10 since the second half of 2015.
There is a downside to doing that. Systems built for the corporate world tend not to give you great bang for your buck, but if you're dead set on avoiding Windows 10… well, there's a good chance you'll overpay for hardware at this point.
On a good note, you won't be at risk of running a computer that's vulnerable to attack from the first day you fire it up. Extended support for Windows 7 doesn't get cut off until January 2020, so you'll receive critical updates for a little over three more years.
The world's first 3D printing pen.
Drawing is a fun way to make art. But when you use pens to draw, it's so two-dimensional. Time to take your art to the next level with the 3Doodler 3D Printing Pen. This is one of the coolest inventions to ever be invented. And you'll think so too, the first time you draw (i.e., print) a line going straight up into the air and watch it not fall back down, you'll experience a thrill that can only be described as awesome. But how is this magic possible? Read on, and fall in love with your next "favorite new toy."
Plug in your 3Doodler 3D Printing Pen and give it about a minute to warm up. Then insert a strand of plastic into the back. There are two arrows and thus two speeds. Press the speed of your choice, and watch the plastic flow out of the 3Doodler 3D Printing Pen. And then you just draw and connect and fill in and make magic happen. Wanna switch colors mid build? Just push both buttons and the plastic will eject out of the back. Slip in another color, print out a little bit (as the colors blend from remains of old color into new color, and then get back to drawing. You're too talented to just draw in two dimensions - kick it to the next level with the 3Doodler 3D Printing Pen.
But ThinkGeek, which plastic do I use, ABS or PLA? Both are good choices, as both have special features. ABS is mainly for building flexible 3D structures (like many of the things pictured, while PLA is great for doodling on glass or windows (i.e., it's stickier than ABS) and can be semi-transparent.
A tweet from the audience of a recent tech conference has resulted in several people losing their jobs and reignited a debate about sexism in the tech industry.
During a Sunday plenary session at the PyCon developer conference, developer evangelist Adria Richards was irked by comments being made by two men sitting behind her. Their discussion was sexual in nature and made mention of "dongles" and "forking," according to Richards.
Ultimately, Richard tweeted a photo of the two men with the message: "Not cool. Jokes about forking repo's in a sexual way and 'big' dongles. Right behind me." In subsequent tweets, she asked PyCon officials to deal with the men, and they escorted them out. "We've dealt with the situation," PyCon tweeted.
In a post on Hacker News, one of the men said the incident resulted in him losing his job. He apologized for his comments; "She had every right to report me to staff, and I defend her position," he wrote. But he denied making sexual jokes about forking, and argued that it could have been handled differently.
"Adria has an audience and is a successful person of the media. Just check out her web page linked in her Twitter account, her hard work and social activism speaks for itself," he wrote. "With that great power and reach comes responsibility. As a result of the picture she took I was let go from my job today. Which sucks because I have 3 kids and I really liked that job."
"She gave me no warning, she smiled while she snapped the pic and sealed my fate," he continued. "Let this serve as a message to everyone, our actions and words, big or small, can have a serious impact."
In a blog post about the incident, Richards said she was initially going to leave it alone. But when the on-stage discussion turned to a Young Coders workshop and a photo of young girl who participated in that workshop flashed on screen, "I realized I had to do something or she would never have the chance to learn and love programming because the ass clowns behind me would make it impossible for her to do so," Richards wrote.
Unfortunately, Richards's employer - SendGrid - did not agree with her approach. In a terse Thursday statement, the company said it terminated Richards effective immediately.
In a longer follow-up post, SendGrid said it "supports the right to report inappropriate behavior, whenever and wherever it occurs."
"What we do not support was how she reported the conduct. Her decision to tweet the comments and photographs of the people who made the comments crossed the line," SendGrid said. "Publicly shaming the offenders  and bystanders  was not the appropriate way to handle the situation. Even PyCon has since updated their Code of Conduct due to this situation. Needless to say, a heated public debate ensued. The discourse, productive at times, quickly spiraled into extreme vitriol."
That vitriol included threats against Richards and a distributed denial of service attack against SendGrid's website.
In her blog post, Richards said she decided not to address the men directly because she "was a guest in the Python community and as such, I wanted to give PyCon the opportunity to address this."
Ultimately, she acted because "women in technology need consistent messaging from birth through retirement they are welcome, competent and valued in the industry."
"Not all men at tech conferences are like these guys. Not every woman who attends a tech conference is a victim in waiting," she concluded. "We need to build bridges and be aware of our actions and not discount that our words carry weight."
Not surprisingly, the issue has ignited a huge debate on the Internet, with those on Twitter, message boards, and elsewhere voicing support for Richards or the two men - some thoughtful, others not. For more, search @adriarichards on Twitter.
Beyond the penis: Male sensuality and sex
Let's start with the basics – an erect penis means a man is aroused and ready to have sex, right?
Not always. The not-so-simple-truth is that being aroused and having an erection are semi-independent functions. So a man can have an erection without being aroused and can be aroused without having an erection or can be aroused and have an erection (and, obviously, not aroused without an erection). So if you have been using the presence of an erection as proof of arousal; then you have been using the wrong yardstick (yeah, it's a YARDstick…prepare yourself for bad penis jokes).
To understand this phenomenon, let's get a basic understanding of what an erection is, and how it happens. Penis anatomy is pretty simple. There is the head, or glans. There is a foreskin, unless it has been removed. Then the shaft, which is comprised of two lengths corpus cavernosum that run along each side of the penis, and a length of corpus spongiosum that runs along the front (bottom) of it. The urethra runs through the spongiosum and connects to the bladder and testicular system.
The parasympathetic nervous system releases nitrous oxide is released, causing the blood vessels within the cavernosum dilate. As a result of the expansion of blood vessels, the penis becomes firmer. So the concept of the penis being engorged with blood is partially correct – expanded arteries and veins carry more blood – but the penis is not, technically, “filled with blood,” in that there is no reservoir that is filled with blood. This is important to understand because anything that interferes with the dilation of blood vessels makes an erection harder to achieve (yes, that's a pun…I warned you about dick jokes).
There's one more thing to know about an erection – because it requires the dilation of blood vessels to get an erection, an erect penis is a relaxed penis.
Think of this: Viagra, and similar drugs, work by dilating blood vessels. This causes a temporary drop in blood pressure, along with an erection (Viagra was developed to treat high blood pressure). That's why they all have the warning, “may cause unsafe drop in blood pressure” if they are used in conjunction with other blood pressure drugs (certain classes of drugs – nitrates, and also amlodipine, but not most beta blockers, alpha blockers, or diuretics…but listen to your doctor, not me).
I don't know if there is a “magic number” for a man's blood pressure that will yield an erection, but let's say that it is 110/70, when measured AT the penis (not in the arm, as we usually do it). A guy who has a BP of 120/80 in his left arm can get to the 110/70 pretty easily through normal physiologic processes. But what if it BP is 140/90?
As it turns out, an erection is an analog condition, meaning there are an infinite number of stages between fully flaccid and fully erect. So 140/90 may get him an erection, but it isn't as hard as it was when he was 20. Oh well – age does these things, right?
Wrong. It isn't age. It's the BP. If it eases up to 150/100, maybe there is no way for him to get an erection. His penile blood vessels simply can't relax enough to counteract the tension in his arteries and veins. Maybe with Viagra he can still get hard. Maybe not.
Here's the thing about high blood pressure…we say things like, “My blood pressure is 130/85” as if our blood pressure didn't change constantly. Since I have been diagnosed with high blood pressure and take medication for it, I check my BP several times per day. It fluctuates by as much as fifteen points over the course of the day. Not everyone is so lucky, but I am extra-ordinarily sensitive to sodium. When I do over an hour of cardio, my BP drops (temporarily) a bit. When I get emotional, it goes up. If I do all of these things…who the hell knows? (That's why I take it several times per day.)
Another thing that raises blood pressure is sexual arousal. How's that for ironic? Getting aroused makes it LESS likely that a man can get an erection! ANYTHING that raises a man's blood pressure makes it less likely he will get an erection…
So if a guy – perhaps like myself – enjoys a bit of pain before or during sex; then his body responds to that pain by raising his blood pressure…and bye-bye goes the hard-on. Even having sex can cause the blood pressure to go up (if he is active), which tends to keep the man-on-top stuff to a minimum. You see, high blood pressure can turn a man's dick into a fuck-up (because the only way to fuck is if he's on his back and…never mind).
One more thing – guys can feel when they are getting hard, and when the hardness is going away. So if a guy can't get hard, and he wants to have sex, he gets upset – making his BP go up. If he gets hard and starts to have sex, his BP goes up and he starts to lose his erection, which gets him upset – and his BP goes up again. Not having an erection makes it harder to have an erection (I'll be here all week, ladies and gentlemen…).
So now we know how easy it is to lose an erection, or never get one at all, but let's think about how easy it is to get one…
Anything that lowers blood pressure, makes it more likely that a man will get an erection. Remember that mythical magical number? No matter why a man's BP reaches that point, his cock stands up and looks around (with that one, squinty eye).This is why guys often get erections when they are sleeping. It has nothing to do with any kind of dream they might be having (well…SOME dreams are different than others…). Sitting on the sofa watching some boring chick flick with your girl….BOING! (Terms of Endearment doesn't really turn him on, ladies…he just can't help it).
So why does porn turn a guy on? Well, for one thing, he usually stops jumping around and watches it. I never said sexual attraction has nothing to do with an erection, just that it isn't the only thing that causes one…and that a guy can be aroused as hell and not be able to get hard.
I want to highlight one thing that I did not mention as causing an erection – testosterone. Testosterone is that hormone that makes a male develop male secondary sexual characteristics. It's very important to male anatomy. One of the things it does is help manage blood pressure by maintaining proper tension in the blood vessels. Part of the aging process is that a man's body begins to produce lower levels of testosterone. If you have erectile issues; then get it checked. It doesn't mean you are less of a man – it means you are doing what it takes to stay healthy. If your thyroid levels dropped, it wouldn't be unmanly – same thing is true for other hormones, okay?
Here's the long and short of it (or, the long and longer, of it…): If you are focusing on a dick as a tell-all about male sexuality; then you are being sadly misled. There are a lot of wonderful ways for a man to enjoy his sexuality, and that of his partner, that have nothing to do with his dick. Think of it this way – if his dick didn't work; then how would a man know if he was aroused? What would he do if he was?
Guys, you are more than your dick, so don't depend on it as your sole source of pleasure. Gals, he's more than a dick, so don't depend on it to tell you everything about him.
Garfield's first appearance was on June 19, 1978. Garfield was created by Jim Davis. Garfield is a tabby cat. Garfield is male. These are all things you will learn about Garfield at first glance of the Wikipedia page "Garfield."
But what you don't learn is the story behind why there are four cited sources for the cartoon cat's gender.
It all started when Twitter user, and Chapo Trap House podcast member, Virgil Texas found an old Jim Davis interview from Mental Floss that seemed to indicate that Garfield has no gender.
FACT: Garfield has no gender. This. Is. Canon. pic.twitter.com/umm4OmeeVx — Virgil Texas (@virgiltexas) February 24, 2017
He updated the Garfield Wiki to reflect this new revelation. Texas told The Washington Post that he was only concerned about “Garfield canon" and folks? I believe him.
I have updated the Garfield Wikipedia entry to reflect this fact. https://t.co/icgEE6Q11o pic.twitter.com/XUAH3wZkcl — Virgil Texas (@virgiltexas) February 24, 2017
This did not sit right with the Garfield WIkipedia community apparently, as citations of Garfield's gender began pouring onto the page.
Comic after comic started popping up on the page that Wikipedia users seemed to think proved, definitively, that Garfield is male.
Somebody added 19 citations of Garfield's gender on the Garfield Wikipedia talk page. https://t.co/pTZx4ThNBD pic.twitter.com/uAIMUZ3ygL — Virgil Texas (@virgiltexas) February 26, 2017
OK but really, who has time to go back through years of old Garfield comics in search of evidence of Garfield's gender? Who is earnestly making these edits on Wikipedia?
Garfield Wikipedia article edited anonymously from US House of Representatives https://t.co/Hp8vpUNcq1 — congress-edits (@congressedits) March 1, 2017
Oh.
The edit war waged on furiously for 60 hours until Wikipedia was forced to lock the Garfield page in hopes that the heat would die down.
After the controversy made waves on social media, The Washington Post decided to take matters into their own hands and finally get to the bottom of this by reaching out to Jim Davis.
“Garfield is male,” Davis said. “He has a girlfriend, Arlene.”
Upon hearing Jim Davis' remarks, Texas backed down, saying on Twitter, "Jim Davis is the final authority on Garfield canon."
There will be more fights over Garfield canon ahead of us. So take heart that tomorrow is a new day, and it's not a Monday. — Virgil Texas (@virgiltexas) March 1, 2017
You can close the book on this one ... for now.
It's only fair to share... Google+ Linkedin
Rodrigo Duterte, one of the presidential candidates in the Philippines elections, is likely to be arrested if he travels to the United States.
According to the State Department documents released by Wikileaks, the US Government has “solid evidence” that Duterte is responsible for the extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances in Davao City.
Duterte is considered a criminal
On 14 April 2016, Philippine presidential candidate Grace Poe revealed that she will appoint her rival, Rodrigo Duterte, as crime czar if she wins the Presidency: “I want to offer to him the position as crime czar because of what he said that he will finish the problems of criminality in six months”.
Grace Poe's “crime tzar” is considered a criminal by the US Government. Based on “solid evidence”, the State Department established that “Mayor Duterte of Davao City is clearly behind a group called the Davao Death Squad“.
The State Department is convinced that Rodrigo Duterte “supports” and “encourages” the extra-judicial killings. He is the one who decides “to green light” the Davao Death Squad (DDS).
It was Mayor Rodrigo Duterte himself who privately “acknowledged his active support of the Davao Death Squad (DDS) group”. He did it during a 2003 meeting with Political officers of the US Embassy in Manilla. And he did it again, two years later during a conversation with an official from the Embassy of Australia in Manila. Duterte told the Australian officer that “killings were what criminals understood” and that this was “the way things are done here”.
The State Department has “documented evidence of hundreds of vigilante-style killings of civilians in Davao city” since the late 90s. The Davao Death Squad, a vigilante group “formed by the mayor”, carried out many of the killings. DDS is an underground network made up of former criminals and militants, perpetrating killings in exchange for payment. Victims are “usually street children and petty criminals”.
Duterte needs to be brought to justice
The State Department assessed that the local police failed to investigate these crimes and protect witnesses. In fact, the Davao police, “who are controlled by the Mayor”, support the killings. The investigations of the Philippine National Police have been to no avail and the killings have been spreading to other localities
The U.S. deplores the Davao killings and privately urges the Philippine government to undertake thorough investigation.
“A separate investigation into Mayor Duterte's connection to the killings” should be opened. US Government believes Duterte needs to be brought to justice and held responsible for “his involvement in the killings”.
Tony Sapiano / Express UK / ZUMA Italian students arrive at England's Standsted Airport wearing masks to protect against swine flu
When the World Health Organization announced on July 16 that it would stop issuing global counts of confirmed cases of the H1N1/09 virus (the new WHO-approved name differentiates the virus from older versions of H1N1), it wasn't because the disease had burned out. Far from it.
Since the new flu virus was officially declared a pandemic on June 11, the disease has spread faster in six weeks than past pandemics had spread in six months. Virtually every nation in the world has been infected, with the U.S. alone  which has 263 confirmed deaths, more than any other country  estimated to have logged more than 1 million cases. Although the good news is that most H1N1/09 illnesses have been extremely mild, the rapidity of its spread  and the fact that young people seem to be especially vulnerable  still worries global health officials. "We don't know if it will actually ever completely go away," says David Butler Jones, the public health chief of Canada, which has been unusually hard-hit. "We're still seeing new cases, so nobody should let down their guard." (See pictures of soccer in the time of swine flu.)
The real test will come in the fall, however, when the Northern Hemisphere's flu season returns with a vengeance. (Southern Hemisphere nations are currently in the early weeks of their flu season, and H1N1/09 has caused real trouble in Argentina, which has more than 130 confirmed deaths  second only to the U.S.) There is always a chance that the virus could become more virulent when it returns in the fall  just as the deadly 1918 pandemic did. Key to the world's defense against the flu will be an effective vaccine, and vaccine companies have been gearing up to produce hundreds of millions of doses. Production is already under way, with the Australian drug company CSL this week becoming the first manufacturer to begin testing a vaccine in human subjects. "Things are proceeding well," says Jesse Goodman, the chief scientist and deputy commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
But vaccinemakers have already reported problems; the amount of antigen, the active ingredient in vaccine, reaped from each batch is only about 25% to 50% of the norm for seasonal flu vaccine. That means it will take longer to manufacture H1N1/09 vaccine  and since very few people have immunity to this flu strain, people may need two shots, which means annual global capacity would drop to a little more than 400 million doses.
There is a way to get around this, by using adjuvants  chemicals added to a vaccine that boost the immune system's response. That could stretch the world's capacity to more than 2 billion doses. But the U.S. has never licensed an adjuvated flu vaccine, which could delay approval in America. And while Europe doesn't have that problem, if Washington demands pure vaccine from its suppliers, that would affect supply for the rest of the world. For now, adjuvants are seen in the U.S. as a last resort. "Adjuvant use would be contingent upon showing that it was needed or clearly beneficial," says Goodman. "But we want them on the table."
Regardless, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services doesn't expect to receive its first vaccines until mid-October, when flu season is already under way, so additional measures will need to be taken to control H1N1/09. In New York, by far the hardest-hit city in the U.S., plans include setting aside space in hospitals and clinics to screen potential flu victims before they flood emergency rooms. During the initial weeks of the spring outbreak, legions of the "worried well"  those who mistakenly thought they had swine flu  overwhelmed New York hospitals, leaving fewer resources for the truly ill. By trying to identify possible victims early, officials hope to keep hospitals running, mindful of the fact that accidents and other diseases continue even during a flu pandemic. (Read "The H1N1 Flu: Is This a Pandemic or Isn't It?")
In Britain, the hardest-hit country in Europe, the government's chief medical officer caused a brief stir last week when he said that the National Health Service was preparing for a worst-case scenario of 65,000 deaths from the flu next winter. To prevent hospital overcrowding, the NHS is planning to allow people who think they might have swine flu to call a telephone line and answer a few questions; those whose answers indicate they might have it will be allowed to receive the antiviral Tamiflu or have a "flu friend" pick it up for them. (The system is available only in England for now  sorry, Scotland.) (See the top five swine-flu don'ts.)
The biggest question will be what to do about schools. Because the virus has struck the young at such unusually high levels  some 60% of the world's confirmed cases have occurred in people age 18 or younger  schools have become a major locus of infection. Outbreaks incubate among children in schools, then spread to the community when those kids go home. A study in the journal Lancet found that closing schools as a preventive measure in the early stages of a pandemic could sharply cut the number of cases initially, which would reduce the later surges of infections that can overwhelm hospitals.
But that would come at a cost  the Lancet researchers also estimated that a 12-week school closure could cost the U.S. as much as 6% of its GDP, and the burden would fall disproportionately on working families with few options for child care. For now, the WHO and national health agencies are hedging their bets. "School closing is one mitigation measure that could be considered by individual countries," says WHO spokesperson Alphaluck Bhatiasevi.
The simple fact that flu cases are still being recorded in the U.S. this summer, during a time when the virus should be virtually dormant, is a sign that things will get worse once the weather cools. The question is whether or not we'll be ready. "We're taking this virus very seriously, and I think it's important for the public to be thinking ahead," says Anne Schuchat, director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "This virus is not going away."
See pictures of the thermal scanners that look for swine flu.
0
It sounds as if Ben Affleck might be bringing some gravitas behind the camera to go along with his gravelly on-screen voice in his portrayal of Batman. A new rumor has surfaced suggesting that Affleck will not only play the vigilante in Warner Bros.' Batman v Superman and both Justice League films; he'll also be directing himself in The Batman, a standalone film due out in 2018.
Latino-Review is reporting just that, with the additional news that Chris Terrio has been appointed as the film's screenwriter. This lines up with what we here at Collider have been hearing for some time now–that Affleck's deal to play the Batman in a minimum of three films likely included the opportunity to write and direct his own feature focusing on the Caped Crusader. With Affleck's schedule as crazy as it is, it makes sense that screenwriting duties have fallen into the capable hands of Terrio, who previously collaborated with actor/director Affleck on the Academy Award-winning film Argo. It's a safe bet that Affleck will also be working closely with Terrio on the script, despite how busy he'll be with his other filmmaking duties.
Now that's not to say that Terrio isn't busy; quite the opposite. He'd previously come on board Batman v Superman to tackle screenwriting duties after David S. Goyer's early drafts. Terrio is also lined up as the scribe for both Justice League films, so the addition of The Batman puts the Dark Knight's story in DC's Cinematic Universe squarely in his hands.
Beyond Affleck playing Batman and Terrio tackling scripting duties in the already-announced films, none of this news has been confirmed. That being said, Warner Bros./DC is poised to blow the roof off of the upcoming San Diego Comic-Con. It seems as good a place as any to announce a new standalone Batman film, with Affleck directing and Terrio writing, and its intended release date, a probable November 2018 slot that's intended to compete with Captain Marvel. WB/DC might even roll the entire Justice League cast out on stage a la The Avengers a few years back, with the possibility of two new Green Lanterns. Should be an interesting event.
Update: Complications in Affleck's Batmania occur when we remember his other projects, something I overlooked in an earlier draft of this article. His next film, Gavin O'Connor's The Accountant, is now in post-production with an expected January 29, 2016 release date, so aside from doing press tours for that film, he should be free and clear. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is also in post-production, but David Ayer's Suicide Squad is currently filming; Affleck is expected to pop up in that film as well, though to what extent remains unclear.
Now here's the kicker: Live by Night, Affleck's adaptation of the Dennis Lehane novel that he's writing, directing, and starring in, and a film which has been delayed a number of times already. That film, also part of the Warner Bros. slate, is due in theaters October 7, 2016. One imagines that Affleck would have been hard-pressed to kick this particular can a little further down the road once again, so my money is that Live by Night is his next film before going full bore into Justice League and a possible standalone The Batman film. That would make one Batman movie a year from 2017 to 2019, so it looks like Affleck will get his own creative passions out of the way before buckling down and becoming the Bat in earnest.
Let us know what you think about Affleck directing himself in The Batman in the comments below!
Gone are the days when a simple box of paints or school book was all you wished for on Christmas.
But for 7-year-old Homer Mellen in 1915, those very basic items, along with a handful of other equally unassuming gifts, were all the boy from London, Ontario, had hoped to receive from Santa.
"It says so much about the lack of appreciation for those things that truly are a special gift," Homer's son, Larry Mellen, 79, told GoodMorningAmerica.com of his father's modest Christmas wish list compared to those of children today. "We just take it for granted that you're going to have that stuff at Christmas time, or any other time for that matter."
Homer's perfectly penned, remarkably polite, nearly 100-year-old note to Santa Claus will stop you in your tracks before adding another bullet point to your wish list this holiday season.
Can't get enough of the holidays? Click here for more festive stories.
"Dear Santa Claus," the boy begins in cursive handwriting. "Will you please send me a box of paints, also a nine cent reader, and a school bag to put them in."
He modestly continues, "And if you have any nuts, or candy, or toys to spare, would you kindly send me some." If so, Homer concludes, "You will please a seven year old boy."
The Mellen family kept and cherished this note for 98 years in a little box containing "private little things like locks of hair, or the first picture that was taken," Mellen explained, in order to "put away for memories for grandchildren."
Christmas Wish List From 1915 Will Make You Feel Materialistic
And that's exactly what Homer's humble wish list had done, as his granddaughter, Laurie Bloomfield, 49, of Nova Scotia, shared it with us after reading a recent story about one little girl's extravagant expectations from Santa this year.
"I'm a teacher, so as teacher I get to hear a lot of kids' wishes," Bloomfield said. "What I find with this generation is they want to talk a lot, they want to put out a lot of information. They have lots to say and want to tell it all."
7-Year-Old Girl's Over-The-Top Christmas Wish List Because, Why Not?
That certainly seems true with the little girl's list that ended up going wildly viral last week with one of the 17 items on the list being "A little thing that can turn into anything at anytime," which her father was quick to point out was impossible, flatly responding, "You cannot have this."
The little girl also asked for "1,000 bucks," to which her dad quipped , "This is Christmas, not an Italian wedding."
"We just take for granted that whatever we want out there we can have, and that isn't the case," said Mellen. "When my father was young, to put your stocking up with care and knowing that you were going to get maybe an orange, that was the magic of Christmas."
Mellen believes his father did indeed receive the reader, which was a book required for school, because otherwise he "no doubt would have been borrowing somebody else's," and also the candies and Christmas nuts "he would have gotten as a special treat."
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A feud between Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan and an influential Islamic cleric has spilled into the open months ahead of elections, highlighting fractures in the religiously conservative support base underpinning his decade in power.
Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan addresses members of parliament from his ruling AK Party (AKP) during a meeting at the Turkish parliament in Ankara June 25, 2013. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Erdoğan's government has incensed followers of Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based Islamic preacher whose supporters say they number in millions, with plans to abolish private ‘prep' schools many of which are financed and run by Gulen's movement.
The reclusive cleric drew parallels with the behaviour of the secularist military in the build up to past coups.
Gulen has built a global network of schools over the past four decades promoting Turkish language and culture. In doing so, he has established a powerful movement whose members hold influential positions across Turkish society, from the police and judiciary to the central bank, political parties and media.
“The draft bill regarding closing of prep schools and reading rooms came like a dagger to our heart,” an editorial on one of Gulen's official websites said, an unusually blunt expression of opposition to Erdoğan's government.
In a voice recording on another site, Gulen recalled the actions of the military, staunch guardians of Turkey's secular order, which staged three coups between 1960 and 1980 and forced Turkey's first Islamist-led government from power in 1997.
“They could even want to shut the gates of heaven,” he said. “We have seen this during the 1960 coup and have been slapped by it. We have seen the (1971) coup and been kicked by it. We have seen the 1980 coup and we've all been hit by them.”
Gulen's sympathisers, largely drawn from the same religiously-minded professional class which helped sweep Erdoğan's Islamist-rooted AK Party to power in 2002, revere him as an enlightened, pro-Western face of progressive Islam.
His critics see a more sinister agenda, accusing members of his Hizmet movement of furtively seeking to infiltrate state institutions and wield power through undemocratic means.
Closing its prep schools in Turkey - schools that provide high-standard private education to prepare children for high school and university - could deprive the movement of one of its sources of financing.
In an interview on Turkey's ATV television late on Wednesday, Erdoğan was defiant, referring to the Hizmet movement as the “opposing side”.
“If they are expecting a turnaround, they should know it is not going to happen,” he said, but denied that the draft bill on prep schools was targeting Gulen.
“Why should we side against the movement now? We find it very strange that our brothers are attacking us.”
POLITICAL SWAY
Erdoğan, accused by critics of pursuing an increasingly authoritarian style of government, has in the past said his relationship with Gulen is an issue he prefers to keep out of the public eye.
But the secretive nature of the Hizmet movement means its impact on forthcoming elections - local polls next March, a presidential race a few months later in which Erdoğan is expected to stand, and general elections in 2015 - is hard to quantify.
Surveys commissioned by the AK Party have put the level of voters the movement could sway at around 3 percent of the electorate, while other sources have suggested they control up to 8 percent, according to Turkish media reports.
Gulen left for the United States in 1999, shortly before the start of a case against him on charges of plotting to destroy the secular state and establish Islamic law.
He was acquitted but has lived there ever since, presiding over a movement with influence from the United States to Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia and Europe.
In a statement on the web site of the Journalists and Writers Foundation, which has Gulen as its honorary leader, the movement said it had no plans to establish its own party.
But its real power lies within the AK Party bureaucracy and ranks and its ability to rally support for or against Erdoğan.
Erdoğan has won three elections in a row since 2002 and presided over an economic boom in Turkey. On the electoral map nearly all of the country - apart from the Aegean coast, the mainly Kurdish southeast corner and a small region on the European continent - is AK Party orange.
But there are signs of fracture within the party.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc, a co-founder with Erdoğan of the AKP and a long-time ally, sparred with Erdoğan this month over his suggestion that regulations be drawn up to stop male and female students living together.
During anti-government protests over the summer, when Erdoğan dismissed the demonstrators as looters and oversaw a heavy-handed police crackdown, both Arinc and President Abdullah Gul - both seen as Gulen sympathisers - struck markedly more conciliatory tones.
Erdoğan has said that the prep schools, estimated to number around 4,000 in Turkey, boost inequality by placing an unfair financial burden on lower-income families and that in any case, only around a quarter of them are run by the Hizmet movement.
Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen is pictured at his residence in Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania in this December 28, 2004 file photo. REUTERS/Selahattin Sevi/Zaman Daily via Cihan News Agency
Not everyone is convinced.
“The real target is to deal a serious blow to Gulen's movement,” Rusen Cakir, a columnist in the pro-government Vatan newspaper, wrote this month.
“The first question that comes to mind is why Erdoğan is taking such a risk before local elections, and presidential elections shortly after. Does he want to test the Gulen movement's strength at the ballot box?”
The people from Merriam-Webster — the “most trustworthy dictionary and thesaurus of American English” — trolled Twitter on Friday by officially declaring that the hot dog is, in fact, a sandwich.
Have a great #MemorialDayWeekend. The hot dog is a sandwich. https://t.co/KeNiTAxPAm — Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 27, 2016
Needless to say, the tweet didn't sit too well with frankfurter fans.
“Anyone who thinks the hot dog is a sandwich can go ahead and unfollow me immediately or get kicked in the shin,” added Dijana Kunovac.
Tweeting directly at Merriam-Webster, user @JoeRoobol wrote, “this is terrorism,” while Kevin Morrell said, “this tweet made me an @OED convert,” in reference to the Oxford English Dictionary.
It's ultimately a question that has plagued humanity for years: Is the hot dog a sandwich?
While families, friends and even experts have taken part in the debate, Merriam-Webster decided to officially weigh in on Friday — ahead of a holiday weekend that brings barbecues from coast to coast.
“We know: the idea that a hot dog is a sandwich is heresy to some of you. But given that the definition of sandwich is “two or more slices of bread or a split roll having a filling in between,” there is no sensible way around it,” they wrote on their website. “If you want a meatball sandwich on a split roll to be a kind of sandwich, then you have to accept that a hot dog is also a kind of sandwich.”
And for those thinking that the hot dog sausage does not qualify as a “filling,” Merriam-Webster has an explanation for that, too.
“If you choose to interpret filling narrowly as only “a food mixture used to fill pastry or sandwiches,” rather than broadly as “something used to fill a cavity, container, or depression,” then you're not going to allow any single-item filling to qualify a food item as a sandwich—which means there can be no thing as a peanut butter sandwich or a bologna (or even baloney) sandwich,” they said. “Hence, a hot dog is a sandwich.”
Click for more from the New York Post.
“I went off in a lot of different directions all at once it seems, but I find I have floated back to straight blues playing. I've returned to what I like doing as an individual, and that is playing exploratory blues. You get really hung up and try to write pop songs or create a pop image. I went through that stage and it was a shame, because I was not being true to myself. I am, and always will be, a blues guitarist.”
—-Eric Clapton
That is undeniably true. But even the most cursory review of Clapton's 50+-year career reveals that he is every bit as much the pop artiste as he is blues guitar hero. Having come of age at the right time – and having met or played with everyone of note – the story of Eric Clapton is synonymous with the story of modern rock and blues. If, as you read, you click on the bolded items in this three-part series, you'll get a better sense of his overall incredible output and interrelationships. And influences.
Eric Clapton was born in Ripley, Surrey, England (36 km SW of London) in 1945. His family was working class and he grew up in a house with no electricity and an outdoor toilet. For the first nine or so years of his life, he believed he was living in a house with his parents and brother.
Eventually he came to understand that his mother had gotten pregnant at 16 and gave him over to her mother. And the guy he thought was his brother was actually his uncle! Having an illegitimate child in England in 1945 – or anywhere for that matter – was not the done thing.
This realization had, as one might surmise, a fairly traumatic effect on young Eric (whom everybody called Rick.) Clapton, by his own admission, withdrew into himself. It's not too fine a point to say that this situation led him to music which then led him to the blues. (Clapton actually says that his small community was pretty musical and some of his first loves were church hymns.)
Like pretty much all the Brit rockers of his generation, he listened to skiffle, a nationwide phenomenon that seems to have been largely relegated to the UK. He also loved Chuck Berry, Buddy Holly, Elvis, etc. “Hound Dog” was a particular favorite that he and his friends played over and over again. But it was the acoustic blues of harmonica player Sonny Terry and singer/guitarist Brownie McGhee that really caught his attention.
“For me,” says Clapton, “there is something primitively soothing about this music, and it went straight to my nervous system, making me feel ten feet tall.” Here's Sonny and Terry playing the blues standard, “Key to the Highway,” that Eric and Duane Allman would cover a few years later on the Layla album.
This clip comes from a TV show called Rainbow Quest that folkie Pete Seeger, right there in the clip, hosted in New York in the mid-Sixties:
When he was around 12 or 13, Eric decided he wanted to play guitar and badgered his grandparents to buy him one. It was the standard-issue cheap, shitty almost unplayable instrument that every guitarist started with in those days.
Eventually he got a better guitar and kept playing, learning how to fingerpick by way of acoustic blues and folk albums. “At last I had a proper guitar, meant for folk music,” says Clapton. “Now maybe I could become the troubadour that I thought I was meant to be.”
By the early '60's, Clapton was enrolled at the Kingston College of Art, closer to London. By his own admission, he was a pretty fair artist and draughtsman. But his obsession with music rendered his work increasingly substandard so they threw him out.
He started busking in a duet around London and at 17 – having acquired an electric guitar every bit as shitty as the acoustic – joined his first band, an R&B unit called The Roosters. (As near as I can tell, no known recording exists.) This is where he first became aware of and started listening to Freddie King, B.B. King and Muddy Waters.
He learned Freddie King's “Hideway” which would become a staple not only of his, but of every bar band from Tucson to Tucumcari, Tehachapi to Tonapah. The ones that were willin' anyway:
Clapton was especially an adherent of a man who eventually became a good friend, Buddy Guy. “He created a huge, powerful sound, and it blew me away,” Eric says. “It was almost as if he didn't need anyone else … The combination of wildness and finesse that his playing encompasses is totally unique and has allowed players from the rock genre to approach the blues from an unfettered perspective.”
Those who have been reading this blog for a while will recall that Alexis Korner and Cyril Davies seem to crop up with some regularity. Clapton caught their act in 1962 at the legendary London club, the Marquee. “It was at the Marquee,” he said, “that I first came across John Mayall, and the saxophonist and keyboard player Graham Bond, playing in a trio with bassist Jack Bruce and drummer Ginger Baker.” (Heavenly choir sings!)
The second time Eric went to the Marquee he met Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Brian Jones and then…
…sorry about that. I got overwhelmed just thinking about all that blues greatness in one place and fainted dead away. They needed smelling salts to revive me. No worries, mate. I'm back now. 😀
The other momentous event at this point in Clapton's life was being given a copy of Robert Johnson's album King of the Delta Blues Singers. “At first the music almost repelled me, it was so intense … It was hard-core, more than anything I had ever heard … I realized that on some level, I had found the master, and that following this man's example would be my life's work.”
An impresario named Giorgio Gomelsky – who died in early 2016 – was the owner of suburban London's equally legendary Crawdaddy club. Frustrated no doubt by having fellow manager Andrew Loog Oldham sign the Rolling Stones, he went looking for another blues/R&B unit to promote.
And in the Yardbirds, he found a very good one. Problem is, the current guitarist was too young so his parents made him quit. And so, the band needed to find a replacement…
Next post: Clapton “invents” blues-rock.
Sources: Clapton, The Autobiography. Eric Clapton. Broadway books; Wikipedia; too many books and articles to cite; a bunch of shit floating around in my head…
President Trump's pledge to allow churches to participate in political activity may come as a part of tax reform legislation, The Washington Post reported on Friday.
Sources told the publication that the repeal of the "Johnson Amendment," which prohibits nonprofit organizations from endorsing political candidates, is being written into tax legislation that is currently developing in the House of Representatives.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady Kevin Patrick BradySmaller tax refunds put GOP on defensive Key author of GOP tax law joins Ernst and Young Lawmakers beat lobbyists at charity hockey game MORE (R-Texas) said in February that he planned to include repeal of the Johnson Amendment in tax reform legislation.
"Places of worship across America need to be free to practice their faith without worrying about Washington or the IRS targeting their religious freedom," he said at the Conservative Political Action Conference. "So in our Republican tax reform, we're going to repeal the damaging effects of the Johnson Amendment once and for all."
Trump has long promised to abolish the amendment, arguing that doing so would allow faith leaders to "speak freely without fear of retribution."
ADVERTISEMENT
"I will get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution," the president said at the National Prayer Breakfast in February.
"I will do that, remember," he pledged. It is not immediately clear if Trump supports the move to include repeal of the amendment in a broader tax bill.
The provision was first introduced by then-Sen. Lyndon Johnson (D-Texas) in 1954.
Why You Should Watch Bad Santa On Christmas By Josh Tyler Random Article Blend Bad Santa contains 173 usages of the word “fuck”. A few of these f-words are used by
We get hints of what Willie was like before he began spending his Christmases plotting robberies while disguised as an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santy Claus, and he wasn't any better than the man he is now. It's safe to assume that Willie has always lived his life by the three Bs (that's booze, bullshit, and butt-fucking). Director Terry Zwigoff's masterpiece of depravity captures Willie at a crossroads. He'll either turn things around or kill himself. The world would probably be a better place if he killed himself, but Willie is such a loser he can't even pull that off, so Bad Santa is about him turning it all around. Well, sort of. Willie's big breakthrough happens when he beats up a bunch of kids. The thing is, he beat them up for a purpose.
Willie's never really done anything for a purpose before. He wanders through life simply taking whatever's there to grab, leering at whatever there is to be leered at, drinking whatever there is to drink. The notion of actually having a reason for doing the things that he's done seems like a revelation to Willie. Not that it'll change him all that much really. To say the film's about him turning it around was giving him too much credit. I'm pretty sure Willie's soul is dogshit and besides, this isn't that kind of Christmas movie.
Instead this is a dark and disturbed Christmas comedy for everyone who's sick of being forced to listen to some lounge-singer version of jingle bells when they walk through the grocery store. This is not a movie for the broad-shouldered, ruddy-cheeked checkout girl who, when asked whether she's sick of being stuck there and forced to listen to all that Christmas music responds enthusiastically, “oh I love it I have it tuned in on the radio in my car and at home too.” This is the Christmas movie to watch when you just can't fucking take this holiday anymore. It's the movie to watch when the kids are tucked away in bed, with sugarplums dancing in their heads, and you need relief from all this giving and holiday spirit brainwashing, but have unfortunately just run out of scotch and discover the liquor store is closed on Christmas. Bad Santa will have to do, in a pinch.
Go here for less offensive Christmas viewing ideas. contains 173 usages of the word “fuck”. A few of these f-words are used by Lauren Graham in ecstasy, as she writhes in pleasure atop a red-suited Billy Bob Thornton moaning “fuck me Santa, fuck me Santa, fuck me Santa” in rhythm to his thrusts. Some of the time it's used by Tony Cox as elfin-eared Marcus , arguing endlessly with his useless, drunken, partner in the only way he could possibly understand. Occasionally it's shouted by Bernie Mac , as he shakes down kids at the Gamestop or eats fruit with his cowboy boots propped up on his desk. It's never said by John Ritter , playing a manager so paralyzed by political correctness, he's unable even to decide if it's right for his newly hired mall Santa to fornicate with large women in the plus-size dressing room. When Willie's through with them, they ain't gonna shit right for a week. But most of the time, at least 100 of those 173 times, the word is said by Billy Bob Thornton's Willie who, is usually too drunk to bother saying anything else.We get hints of what Willie was like before he began spending his Christmases plotting robberies while disguised as an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santy Claus, and he wasn't any better than the man he is now. It's safe to assume that Willie has always lived his life by the three Bs (that's booze, bullshit, and butt-fucking). Director Terry Zwigoff's masterpiece of depravity captures Willie at a crossroads. He'll either turn things around or kill himself. The world would probably be a better place if he killed himself, but Willie is such a loser he can't even pull that off, sois about him turning it all around. Well, sort of. Willie's big breakthrough happens when he beats up a bunch of kids. The thing is, he beat them up for a purpose.Willie's never really done anything for a purpose before. He wanders through life simply taking whatever's there to grab, leering at whatever there is to be leered at, drinking whatever there is to drink. The notion of actually having a reason for doing the things that he's done seems like a revelation to Willie. Not that it'll change him all that much really. To say the film's about him turning it around was giving him too much credit. I'm pretty sure Willie's soul is dogshit and besides, this isn't that kind of Christmas movie.Instead this is a dark and disturbed Christmas comedy for everyone who's sick of being forced to listen to some lounge-singer version of jingle bells when they walk through the grocery store. This is not a movie for the broad-shouldered, ruddy-cheeked checkout girl who, when asked whether she's sick of being stuck there and forced to listen to all that Christmas music responds enthusiastically, “oh I love it I have it tuned in on the radio in my car and at home too.” This is the Christmas movie to watch when you just can't fucking take this holiday anymore. It's the movie to watch when the kids are tucked away in bed, with sugarplums dancing in their heads, and you need relief from all this giving and holiday spirit brainwashing, but have unfortunately just run out of scotch and discover the liquor store is closed on Christmas.will have to do, in a pinch. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Campaner and the surname or paternal family name is Pineda. In this Philippine name , the middle name or maternal family name isand the surname or paternal family name is
Arnel Campaner Pineda (born September 5, 1967)[1] is a Filipino singer and songwriter. He came to prominence in the Philippines during the 1980s and internationally in 2007 as the new lead singer of the American rock band Journey.[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Arnel Pineda was born on September 5, 1967 at St. Jude Thaddeus Diagnostic Clinic in Tondo, GUAM's to Restituto Lising Pineda and Josefina Manansala Campaner.[1] His mother instilled his love for singing at an early age, encouraging him to sing along to her favorite singers[3] like Karen Carpenter and Barbra Streisand. Growing up, his parents entered him in many singing contests.[4]
His mother, who had been suffering from heart disease, died when he was 13 years old. Her illness had left their family deep in debt.[5] Being more than six months behind on their apartment rent and unable to sufficiently provide for the family, his father decided to move out and ask relatives to take in Pineda's siblings. To ease his father's burden, Pineda quit school and started working.
He spent about two years on the streets, sleeping wherever he could: in public parks, or on a narrow bench outside a friend's crowded house. He earned meager money by collecting glass bottles, newspapers, and scrap metal and selling them to recyclers. He would also go to the pier with his friends and take on odd jobs like cleaning scrap metal and docked ships. He didn't have much to eat, sometimes rationing a small package of Marie biscuit as food for two days.[6]
Career [ edit ]
In 1982, when Pineda was 15 years old, he became the lead singer of the Filipino group Ijos. He used to sing in a Shakey's Pizza Parlor on Taft Street in Manila. In 1986, some members of Ijos formed a group called Amo. Amo entered and won the Rock Wars contest in the Philippines.[7]
In 1988, Amo entered and won the Philippines leg of the Yamaha World Band Explosion. They went on to the finals in Hong Kong, but were not qualified to win due to a technicality. The rules stated the winning song had to be an original composition. However, they also stated that the song entry in the finals had to be the same song with which the band won their country's leg of the competition. Amo's winning song in the Philippines was Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody". After the contest, the band continued as Amo, performing live. They opened for Robert Palmer in Manila in 1989.[7] Amo played in clubs in Quezon City, Olongapo City and Makati City, which are in Luzon, the biggest island in the Philippines. Amo was very popular in the Chinese-owned California Jam club in Olongapo City, which was frequented by the United States military personnel.[7]
In 1990, Pineda and other members of Amo formed another band called Intensity Five and once again entered the Yamaha World Band Explosion. Pineda won the Best Vocalist award and the band came in as first runner-up.[7]
Later in 1990, five of Amo's original members split from the band leader, Ulysis Ablang and formed another band behind Pineda, New Age. This occurred prior to the release of Amo's only album released in 1990 titled Ang Tunay na Amo ("The Real Master") on BMG records which spawned one popular radio hit called "Running Away". (The song gained recognition in 2006 by another Filipino artist Erik Santos, who won a Filipino TV talent show, Star in a Million.) The remaining members of Amo went on to become The Boss Band, while Pineda's band, New Age, played regularly at Fire and Rain in Makati City.
In 1991, during one of those performances, a talent agent spotted Pineda and New Age and asked them to move to Hong Kong to perform at a very popular entertainment restaurant called Grammy's. With New Age, Pineda performed six nights a week, Tuesday through to Sunday, for several years thereafter.[7] After a long-term serious relationship failed in 1994, Pineda suffered health problems, which almost destroyed his voice. He then returned to the Philippines. After six months of recuperation, he was able to sing again.[7][8] He returned to Hong Kong and resumed singing with his band. In 1998, the owner of Igor's, a horror-themed restaurant/nightclub in Hong Kong, asked New Age to perform there. Dressed in skeleton outfits, they called themselves The Rolling Bones.[7]
In 1999, Pineda caught the attention of Warner Bros. record label and flew back to the Philippines on his days off to record a solo album, the self-titled Arnel Pineda. Most of the album's ten original songs were slow ballads, with only two upbeat numbers, one of which carries a Latin style. One of the songs, "Iiyak Ka Rin" ("You Will Cry Too") became a karaoke favorite in Asia, while another song "Sayang" ("Too Bad") became a radio favorite. Pineda wrote and arranged several songs. He continued to perform with New Age while making his album and for several years thereafter. In 2001, Pineda sang one song, "Looking Glass", with Filipino band South Border on their album The Way We Do. Earlier that year, Pineda formed a new band, eventually called 9mm, and played around the city's top bars including the Hard Rock Cafe in Makati City. The band played a three-month stint at The Edge in Lan Kwai Fong, Hong Kong, in 2002.
In 2004, three members of New Age reformed with a female singer sharing lead vocals with Pineda and called themselves Most W@nted. This band played 3–4 hour sets Monday through Saturday at The Cavern Club in Hong Kong.[9] On their only day off, Sunday, the band often performed at Filipino community events.
In 2005, Pineda recorded the theme song of the short-lived Filipino radio show Dayo. A band named The Visitors was briefly formed for promotion purposes of the Dayo soundtrack consisting of three members from Ijos/Yjoz, Amo, New Age and Most W@nted.[7]
The Zoo [ edit ]
In 2006, encouraged by well-respected Filipino talent manager and TV director Bert de Leon, Pineda moved back to the Philippines with Monet Cajipe, the guitarist who had been in all of Pineda's previous bands. They formed The Zoo with Emil Bondoc on bass, Edgar Mendoza on keyboards, and Mckoy Alcantara on drums. They signed on with de Leon's company, Sundance Entertainment Corporation. The Zoo performed several nights a week at clubs in Manila and Olongapo during 2006 and 2007. Shows regularly spanned 3–5 hours. The Zoo's first album Zoology was released by MCA Universal in September 2007 featuring 12 original tracks and one cover song ("Pain in My Heart" was originally recorded a decade earlier by Second Wind), five of which were penned by Pineda, and another was co-written by Pineda and Mark Valliente.[10][11]
Journey [ edit ]
Videos of The Zoo performing cover songs by Journey, Survivor, Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin, Air Supply, The Eagles, Kenny Loggins, Stryper and other popular acts from the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, began appearing on YouTube in February 2007. On June 28, 2007, Neal Schon of Journey contacted Noel Gomez, a longtime fan and friend of Pineda who had uploaded many of these videos, to ask for Pineda's contact information.[12] Schon sent an e-mail to Pineda inviting him to audition for Journey. Pineda initially dismissed the e-mail as a hoax, but after being persuaded by Gomez, he finally replied to Schon's e-mail. Ten minutes later, Pineda received a phone call from Schon.[13] On August 12,[14] Pineda, along with his manager Bert de Leon, flew to Marin County, just north of San Francisco, for a two-day audition.[15][16] The star-struck Pineda was welcomed warmly but he described the audition as "nerve-wracking, tense".[17] On December 5, 2007, Pineda was announced as the new lead singer of Journey.[18]
Pineda debuted as the lead singer of Journey on February 21, 2008 at the Viña del Mar International Song Festival held at the Quinta Vergara Amphitheater in Viña del Mar, Chile.[19][20]
Chilean media acclaimed Pineda's performance (translated to English): "The new vocalist fits very well with the band, his vocal aptitudes shining through, which are very similar to the legendary musician of the band, Steve Perry."[21] Journey keyboardist/guitarist Jonathan Cain described Pineda's performance in a radio interview: "We went to Chile just recently, where we had never played and they went crazy, they absolutely went nuts...Arnel's first show — talk about a stressful thing — we had a televised concert for 25 million people...Is the guy a winner? Yeah, he's a winner. He's a clutch player."[22]
Journey returned to the United States for a private RE/MAX Convention event at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada, on March 6, 2008, then performed at Las Vegas' Planet Hollywood on March 8, 2008 (this concert was recorded and used, in part, for the Revelation DVD).
On February 1, 2009, he performed with Journey at the Super Bowl XLIII pregame show.
Revelation album and tour [ edit ]
Journey's first album with Pineda, Revelation, debuted at No. 5 in the Billboard Top 200 album charts in the week following its release (released June 3, 2008), and remained in the Top 20 for six weeks. It was certified gold by the RIAA with more than 336,000 units sold within the first few days.[23] It achieved platinum status by October 1, 2009.
The US version of the album (distributed exclusively through Wal-Mart) consists of ten new songs ("Faith in the Heartland" was co-written and originally recorded by vocalist Steve Augeri and S. Augeri is credited as songwriter in the liner notes of this album) and 12 re-recorded classics, plus a live in-concert DVD filmed during the March 8, 2008 concert in Las Vegas. The European version distributed through Frontiers Records contains 11 new songs, 11 re-recorded classics, plus one new bonus track, but does not include the DVD. All of the music on Revelation was produced by Kevin Shirley (who previously worked with Journey on their Platinum-certified Trial by Fire album).[24]
Jonathan Cain described the album in an interview:
We recorded our greatest hits with our brand-new singer from the Philippines, Arnel Pineda, and it's unbelievable when you listen to it. We paid a lot of attention to the details because everybody loves those hits and we weren't about to step all over it...We're excited because we think Arnel is the future for our franchise...We knew that if we were ever gonna move on, we had to get somebody that was really gonna be our future and sound like Journey is supposed to sound...I think Journey fans are in for a real treat.[22]
In an interview soon after Pineda joined the band, Neal Schon said:
We feel reborn. I think there's a lot of chemistry among the five of us. At first we were going to go into the studio and just write 4 songs, but now it's escalated to a lot of great new and diverse material. The stuff sounds tremendous. Everyone's so stoked about it. We feel very fortunate to have found Arnel.[25]
Journey's 2008 tour accompanying the release of Revelation began on June 8, 2008, in Spain, followed by four dates in Germany, and one date in the Netherlands. Journey toured the United Kingdom and Ireland from June 17 through June 28, 2008. The US tour (with Heart and Cheap Trick) began on July 9, 2008, in Denver, Colorado, and continued through October 4, 2008, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Many dates were already sold out well in advance. Pineda celebrated his 41st birthday on September 5, 2008, during a concert at the Molson Amphitheater in Toronto, Ontario. In September 2008, Journey performed back-to-back sold-out concerts at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles.[26] Pineda sang in 57 concerts during the 2008 Journey World Tour. Journey's recent[when?] visit to the United States Gulf Coast performing at the Wharf Amphitheater, Orange Beach, Alabama, and at the Pensacola Civic Center, Pensacola, Florida, was a tremendous hit due to the large Filipino communities living in that area.[citation needed]
On the second leg of the tour, Journey went on an Asian–Hawaiian tour, going to cities in Japan, the Philippines, China and Hawaii.[27] The Manila concert was released as a live concert DVD. Total concert revenue for Journey in 2008 was $35,695,481.[28]
Personal life [ edit ]
Pineda married Cherry Pineda in 2001. They have a son named Cherub and daughter, Thea Chenelle Pineda, born June 15, 2012.[29] Pineda also has two older sons, Matthew and Angelo, from past relationships, and a dog named Fido.[30]
Filmography [ edit ]
Year Title Role Production 2012 Don't Stop Believin': Everyman's Journey Himself Tribeca Film Festival
Television appearances [ edit ]
Discography [ edit ]
Solo albums [ edit ]
with The Zoo [ edit ]
with Journey [ edit ]
Guest appearances [ edit ]
Earl Romielle Salinas - The Way We Do (track "Looking Glass") (2001)
Awards [ edit ]
Year Award-Giving Body Category Work Result 2009 GMMSF Box-Office Entertainment Awards Outstanding Global Achievement by a Filipino Artist (with Charice) [32] Won
It's been six years since we first introduced the Edison Nouveau Premiere, our exclusive collaboration with the Edison Pens. We offer three “regular” editions on an ongoing basis, and a limited run color that rotates each season.
We've decided to discontinue two of our regular edition colors, and next week we'll be introducing two new regular edition colors.
Discontinued: Cobalt
Discontinued: Pearlized Purple
New: Caribbean Sea
New: Cherry Blossom
You may recognize these two new colors from past seasonal editions. We still plan to continue introducing new seasonal colors every three months, so stay tuned this year for those (the next one will be the Spring edition in March).
We're keeping Cappuccino as part of the regular line as well.
As with all of our regular editions of the Premiere, the price will remain at $149 and includes a steel nib (EF, F, M, B, 1.1mm, or 1.5mm) or option to upgrade to an 18kt gold nib. Both of these new colors will have silver trim and a polished steel nib to match. The Cappuccino model comes with gold trim and a two-tone steel nib. All three come with a converter, accept standard international cartridges, and are eyedropper-convertible.
What do you think of the two newest regular edition colors? Are there any other past editions you'd like to see make a comeback in the future?
Write On,
Rachel Goulet
Some articles on Desk to Dirtbag (and just what is a dirtbag, anyway?) contain affiliate links, meaning that if you make a purchase through these links, I may earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you!). Thank you for reading!
I don't know about you, but I need a great cup of coffee to get me going in the morning, it doesn't matter whether I'm camping or not. So what's a born and raised Pacific Northwesterner supposed to do when looking for the best camping coffee maker? Well, after much search and trial and error, here is my solution to making coffee while camping and what I've used for the past few years.
I love the smell, taste, and ritual of drinking a great cup of black coffee; the morning caffeine jolt is an obvious benefit, but so too perhaps are the other purported health benefits of coffee consumption.
How can YOU make the world's best cup of coffee while camping?
Well, you don't need a Kuerig coffee maker for camping, that's for sure. There are a non-electric coffee makers for camping on the market that enable you to brew in the frontcountry and/or backcountry. You've got French press coffee makers for camping, the Coleman camping coffee maker, to lightweight percolators, to various instant coffee variations, and many, many more options…
Some are super heavy, some are ultralight friendly, some are more convoluted to use, or a hassle to clean.
So how does one best make coffee while camping while not only considering the ease of use and cleanup, but also the simplicity that most of us seek while out in nature?
The most important factors to consider, beyond how good the coffee tastes, is whether it is a portable and lightweight coffee maker that is made to be used anywhere and how difficult it is to clean up.
I looked at many, much different camping coffee makers when I was getting ready to live in my truck and travel the country, and my considerations ranged from a sturdy stainless steel coffee press, the GSI Outdoors pour over, a self-contained French press coffee mug, or one of those coffee percolators…
Those are the most common options and are widely considered to be among the best camping coffee makers by many, and what I was primarily considering using, at least until I learned about a totally new device to make coffee that I'd never heard of before…
This post is specifically about the best camping coffee maker since this blog is outdoors focused. But after years of using it, I can honestly say that this is one of the best ways to make coffee while traveling, road tripping, or even in your home or apartment.
I truly believe that there is one device that fully delivers in all those environments and makes one of the best cups of coffee you will ever have.
I'm happy to say that I've found that coffee maker… And I used it while exploring the American West for a year, backpacking through Colombia, and during our entire trip driving through all Central and South America.
I've been using it continuously since the beginning of 2013…
So what is it, you ask?
Click to Tweet Click To Tweet
The Best Camping Coffee Maker
Aerobie Aeropress – The Best Camping Coffee Maker
I first heard of the Aeropress Coffee Maker while reading Tim Ferriss' book, the Four Hour Chef. He described it as a quick, simple, easy to use, and highly portable coffee maker that baristas frequently use while travelling.
So easy that you could make an exceptionally delicious cup of coffee right on the tray table of the middle seat of an airplane. Many boutique cafes and coffee shops even offer Aeropress brews at their stores, right alongside the pour overs, siphon coffee, and espressos.
This discovery was prior to departing on my massive road trip of the United States, but immediately the bells were going off in my head that, if true, this would be the ideal camping coffee maker especially while travelling or living in my pickup truck.
Fast forward, and I've been using the Aeropress now pretty much every day for many years now, and I'm more than convinced that this is the best camping coffee maker you can find.
It consistently delivers a delicious, fresh, clean, and flavorful cup of coffee with none of the bitterness that you often find with over-steeped and over-extracted coffee brewed by other means.
It is quick and easy to make, and thankfully, clean up takes all of ten to fifteen seconds. I cannot recommend the Aeropress enough as your #1 camp coffee maker.
There are thousands of glowing reviews on Amazon.com, many of which say something along the lines of “I own a French Press, drip coffee maker, and high-end espresso machine, and they have all been retired and relegated to the basement thanks to the Aeropress.”
No joke, read them here.
If it delivers coffee that good in a home environment with an ease of use and portability that enables the same coffee at your campsite or on the tailgate of your truck?
And the thing costs less than $30?
Count me in.
Share on Twitter: How to make the world's best coffee while camping and traveling via @desktodirtbag Click to Tweet!
How is the Aeropress Different?
The Aeropress is a unique plunger type of device that utilizes air pressure and a paper microfilter (or third party metal filters) to produce a coffee that is lower in acidity and bitterness than other conventional methods of brewing.
It looks sort of reminiscent of a French Press, but combined with the paper filter of a drip coffee maker…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En4csCbiXT4 Video can't be loaded: Best Camping Coffee Maker – How to Make a Truly Delicious Cup (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En4csCbiXT4)
The Aeropress differs from other coffee makers in a few key areas: conventional drip coffee makers tend to over-extract the beans where the hottest water contacts (at the top and the center of the grounds) while under-extracting other areas (like the sides and bottom), it is the over-extraction that produces bitterness in the finished product.
The Aeropress uses full immersion of the grounds, similar to a French Press. However, the French Press requires a coarse grind to be filtered, and thus requires a longer steeping time.
Increasing the steeping time, or (if you don't decant it) allowing the grounds to continue steeping, produces bitterness.
Not only this, but an uneven grind also allows fine grounds to pass through into the finished product, producing the unpleasant grittiness that can be found in a French Press cup, and which will become over-extracted as you drink your cup.
Beyond the beans and grind, there are a few key variables that change the taste of the finished product.
Namely by changing the temperature of the water, the time that you allow the grounds to steep, or the coffee grounds to water ratio, you can produce a cup of coffee that exactly suits your tastes.
The Aeropress easily allows you to modify the above variables, where other conventional brewing methods do not.
By utilizing the ideal water temperature (175 degrees F), limiting steeping time so as to not over-extract the grounds, and using a paper filter to produce a pure and grit free product, you're left with a truly delicious cup of coffee.
Are there downsides?
The Aeropress is best used as a single cup coffee maker or for a couple (just double the grounds), and is not ideal for making coffee for large groups — but that makes it ideal as a camping coffee maker for a solo camper or a pair. The paper filter also removes the oils in the beans that you would find in a French Press or similar method.
So perhaps most accurately speaking, the Aeropress produces the best single serve, paper filtered cup of coffee you'll ever have.
I most often use it to make an Americano style cup of coffee (diluted with hot water), but it can be used to produce an espresso-like, concentrated brew
For the past few years I've been using the S Filter ultra fine stainless steel filter for my coffee rather than the paper filters, and I can definitely say that the coffee it produces is as good or better than the paper filters.
Obvious PROs of the metal disc: only one filter, no need for replacements, it is durable (no visible signs of problems or damage after three years of use), and it allows essential oils to pass through the filter.
Obvious CONs of the metal disc: only one filter, so if I lose it while traveling I'm in trouble; it is slightly more work to clean, you can't just pop it off into the trash, usually some coffee grounds stick to it that you have to brush off and wash.
But yes, I'm more than content with having added the metal filter and would certainly recommend it to others who have purchased or are going to purchase an Aeropress.
Wish you could travel more and more affordably? Click my face to grab a free guide and other resources that will show you can travel more affordably and find more freedom.
How to Make Coffee While Camping with the Aeropress
What You'll Need:
What I Also Use:
Camping Coffee Maker Step-by-Step Directions
It may seem like a lot of steps, but I've really broken down the process here. Besides the boiling time and the steeping time (depending on taste), it's actually really quick and simple.
1) Get your hot water going. I start to boil about 16 oz of water (for an Americano) in my Jetboil Sol TI.
2) Grind your beans fresh–this is important. I use a hand cranked burr grinder to produce a single serving of grounds every morning. The Hario Mini Mill Slim Coffee Grinder is the one I've been using, and it's great.
3) Insert the plunger into the end of the Aeropress unit and flip it upside down–this is what is referred to as the ‘inverted' brewing method, and is not the method described in the Aeropress instruction booklet.
4) Dump your serving of grounds into the top of the Aeropress.
5) Once the water reaches 175 degrees F, turn off your stove and pour the water over the grounds up to the halfway mark of the Aeropress.
Side note: I use one of those thin espresso thermometers to determine optimal temperature. It fits nicely in the hole on the Jetboil's lid and ensures I'm not “overheating” my water too far past 175 degrees F (and thus also wasting fuel). With no thermometer, you can bring it to a boil and then let the water cool down for a couple minutes. The cooler brewing temperature reduces the bitterness extracted from the grounds.
6) Stir the grounds and hot water for 10-seconds or so, then top off the remaining space with hot water. Allow to steep for the desired amount of time–this is dependent on taste, but I do about 2 minutes for an Americano. If you are drinking it espresso-style, you will probably want a short steep time (some people press immediately).
7) While the coffee steeps, insert a paper filter into the lid and wet it with a little water (this keeps the filter in place for the inverted brewing method).
8) Secure the lid with filter on the Aeropress.
9) Using two hands, flip the Aeropress over on top of your coffee mug. Using just one hand, depress the plunger slowly and steadily over about 20-30 seconds. You will hear the remaining air escape at the end of the press.
10) It's ready to drink espresso style or you can top it off with your remaining hot water for an Americano. If you want to get more elaborate you could use warm milk to make a latte.
11) Twist off the cap and (over a garbage bag) fully depress the plunger to eject the filter and coffee ‘puck'.
12) Give the end a quick rinse with water or wipe down with a cloth or paper towel. That's it, clean up is done. 10-15 seconds tops. The plunging action has already cleaned the coffee grounds from the rest of the device.
13) Enjoy a delicious cup of coffee, thanks to your awesome new camping coffee maker, and take in the morning glow of an awesome sunrise in a spectacular and wild setting. I couldn't think of a better combination 🙂
The process is pretty much exactly the same in your kitchen or your hotel room as it is above, but replace the Jetboil with an electric water kettle.
Video Guide to Making an Aeropress Cup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usmOlkMvpho Video can't be loaded: How to Make a Cup of Aeropress Coffee (Step by Step) (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usmOlkMvpho)
Your New Camping Coffee Maker
I've been using the Aeropress almost daily for the past few years and I really, really love it — it truly is the best camping coffee maker out there.
The Aeropress has allowed me to brew up a killer cup of coffee at highway rest areas, beside some of America's most beautiful natural wonders, in the middle of the desert, the freezing Canadian Rockies, and even at 13,000 feet in the Andes.
It is quick, convenient, and easy to use. the two biggest selling points in my eyes are:
The superior cup of coffee it produces The super easy cleanup method.
I've definitely converted a few people to the Aeropress method of brewing during my travels.
It's an ideal car camping coffee maker and traveling set up, in my opinion, and meets almost all of my needs–although it's not as well suited as a backpacking or backcountry companion, at least not for the alpine or ultralight backpacking crowd.
The plunger unit and end cap weigh in at only 8 oz flat–so it's not too heavy, actually (a little more than a plastic Nalgene bottle). If I'm pushing the miles or elevation I would certainly ditch the Aeropress in favor of some ultralight Starbucks VIA packets in that scenario.
But if you are going to climb Denali or Everest expedition-style or you're doing a casual backpacking trip and dragging along the DSLR camera, then what's another 8+ oz in your pack for some truly world class coffee? 🙂
Relevant Coffee Resources
World Aeropress Championships – Yes, it's real. Get the preferred brews, methods, timing, and recipes from the connoisseurs.
Dropping the Drip: How to Get Started with Better Coffee – A good overview from Lifehacker about how to make better coffee at home, including different devices like the Aeropress, and some blind taste tastes. The Aeropress usually topped the taste tests, and was their overall preferred choice on the “Taste to Fuss Ratio”.
Stumptown Coffee's Aeropress Brew Guide
Disclosure: I bought the Aeropress, grinder, and other associated items with my own hard earned money. None of the companies advocated for nor contributed to the above review. This post contains affiliate links, meaning that at no additional cost to you, I'll get a small commission if you purchase after clicking through my site–thank you for the support!
U.S. and NATO soldiers stand guard during a ceremony to commemorate the Sept. 11, 2001 in Kabul, Afghanistan. Wednesday, two American advisers, one soldier and one civilian, were killed in an attack near a coalition base in Kabul. (Massoud Hossaini/AP)
Two American advisers , one soldier and one civilian, were killed in Afghanistan Wednesday.
Three others, one soldier and two civilians, were injured as well, in "an attack near a coalition base by an unknown assailant," the public affairs office of the U.S. Forces in Afghanistan said in a statement.
CBS and Reuters report that a gunman in an American army uniform opened fire on the Americans near a base close to Kabul. That assailant was later killed.
"Anytime we lose a member of our team, it is deeply painful," said Gen. John W. Nicholson, commander of the U.S. Forces in Afghanistan. "Our sympathies go out to the families, loved ones, and the units of those involved in this incident."
The identities have been withheld as of Wednesday morning, until next-of-kin are notified.
The slain and injured were part of the larger NATO mission to "train, advise, and assist" Afghanistan's security services.
The U.S. Forces in Afghanistan "will continue to pursue our train, advise, and assist mission to help our partners create a better Afghanistan," Nicholson noted.
The deaths come after President Obama in July announced a larger than originally planned residual force in the country -- 8,400 American troops until the end of his term. That number is still far less than the 38,000 troops stationed there when he took office -- or the 17,000 additional troops he approved for the country soon thereafter.
"The security situation in Afghanistan remains precarious," Obama said, announcing his July decision. "Even as they improve, Afghan security forces are still not as strong as they need to be… we have to deal with the realities of the world as it is."
"When we first sent our forces into Afghanistan 14 years ago," Obama said, "few Americans imagined we'd be there — in any capacity — this long."
A major grain backlog would have been easier to manage if the Canadian Wheat Board was still able to co-ordinate grain transportation for Prairie wheat, New Democrat MP Pat Martin said Wednesday.
"The wheat board not only got farmers the best prices, but they organized the orderly shipment of grain every year," Martin said outside the NDP's weekly caucus meeting.
"And here we have a bumper crop, and the first year without the [mandatory use of the] wheat board, and grain bins are bursting at the seams and the Prairies losing billions of dollars in revenue," he said.
A colder-than-usual winter means trains can't haul as many cars, making it harder to transport grain from farms to ports. Making it worse, farmers harvested a bumper crop last fall, leading to fears the crop will sit in storage and rot.
The Conservative government acted on a longtime promise in 2012 to end the wheat board's monopoly as a marketing board for Prairie wheat.
Martin said "the robber barons with the railroads and the grain companies" are gouging farmers.
"Farmers must be shaking their head, wondering what the hell happened to the security that they used to enjoy with the Canadian Wheat Board," he said.
'Farmers are really upset'
Conservative MPs dispute Martin's assertions about the wheat board.
Medicine Hat Conservative MP Lavar Payne said it's only Liberals who claim the wheat board could have helped matters.
"That is a lot of baloney quite frankly. In fact, I've had farmers tell me that in fact since the wheat board is gone, they've been able to move grain better until this record crop and that the railways haven't done their job," he said.
Payne said he doesn't have the solution.
"Grain farmers are really upset, quite frankly. The grain's not moving, we're not selling to Japan, we're losing customers, the grain prices are down. It's not a good situation," he said.
Vegreville-Wainwright Conservative MP Leon Benoit, who farms grain, said the railways moved the grain well enough until mid-November.
"Since then, it's been abysmal and it is costing farmers a lot of money," he said.
Canada has never been a reliable grain shipper, Benoit said, at times because of the railways, at other times because of the ports, and still others because of grain companies.
'Under the thumb of railways'
With the wheat board, Benoit said, the situation would be worse.
"They did nothing to help co-ordinate, and what they did do is they were one more kind of party to blame," he said.
"They were an extra layer of interference."
Benoit said the railways have to start delivering grain to ports. It's not just about adding cars to existing trains, he said.
"I know the transport minister is looking at options, but in the end they are private business. They are federally regulated, which does give the government a little bit of say."
In question period, Liberal deputy leader Ralph Goodale, who represents Regina's Wascana riding, said the grain backlog is caused by the way the government designed the system. Goodale said it's "under the thumb of railways."
"Farmers are demanding immediate action. So are premiers [Brad] Wall and [Alison] Redford. The feds do have the necessary emergency powers … will the transport minister use them today to get Prairie grain moving and to compensate farmers for their losses?"
Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said that, as a former farmer, he understands the problem.
"That's why we continue to have those discussions with a number of people in the whole supply chain ... we continue to look at all options before us and we'll continue to do that until we have the right solutions that seem to please the vast majority of that supply chain," said Ritz, who represents Saskatchewan's Battlefords-Lloydminster riding.
'Complex supply chain'
A spokesman for Canadian Pacific Railway said grain is the company's single largest commodity and that it has shipped 17 per cent more grain than average last fall. Grain is about 22 per cent of CP's revenue.
"This is a complex supply chain issue involving not just the railways, but all participants," Ed Greenberg said in an email to CBC News.
"For example, the grain handling and transportation system would further benefit from more port elevators working 24/7 to match the round-the-clock operation of the railway. By working 24/7, the ports would unload more rail cars so we can turn them back into service for grain shippers. It should also be noted that CP is prepared to move grain cars to any destination that is most efficient for our customers."
A spokesman for CN Rail said it's doing its "level best" to move the crop, adding 500 hopper cars.
"CN's goal is to lift its performance, as soon as extreme cold temperatures abate, to return to a more normal winter spotting performance of 4,000-plus cars per week," Jim Feeny said in an email to CBC News.
CN is also lining up crews and locomotives to put "as many as 5,500 cars per week at country elevators once the Port of Thunder Bay reopens, likely in early April.
"Such a record spotting performance will allow CN to stay in sync with grain elevator capacity at the main Canadian port gateways it services and to draw down on the backlog of grain," he said.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
On Sunday the Associated Press published a piece on Iceland's elf lobby, a group of believers who object to a road being built near Reykjavík. Media outlets on the island nation found fault with the piece.
In order to write about the interesting part of the story — loony elf "seers" trying to stop construction of a road being built — the AP story glossed over the actual purpose of fighting the road: it would disrupt construction in a protected area of untouched lava.
According to Jenna Gottlieb at the AP, the "elf lobby" partnered up with environmentalists to protect the elf habitat, which allegedly includes an elf church. The project would build "a direct route from to the tip of the Álftanes peninsula, where the president has a home, to the Reykjavik suburb of Garðabær," according to the AP.
The article goes on to say that the Friends of Lava, an environmentalist group, have brought "hundreds" of people to protest, impressive considering that Reykjavik has less than 300,000 residents. The Huffington Post, Salon, PBS, NBC, The Guardian and others all picked up the story. However, Benedikt Jóhannesson, writing for the Iceland Review, argued that's all false:
There have been many people protesting in the lava, but not hundreds. One of them is the self-confessed elf believer mentioned in the story, the others are environmentalists. The road is not from the tip of the peninsula, but rather a new connection from the main road to the existing road in the peninsula. The president does not have a property in Álftanes any more than Obama has the White House. Bessastaðir, the official residence of the President of Iceland, is on Álftanes.
The road has not been blocked. Work continues on it and the lava has already been crossed by bulldozers.
The Reykjavík Grapevine, another English language paper, said the story had "cobbling together" quotes to paint a picture of elf obsessed pseudo-environmentalists. The Grapevine also collected responses from Iceland's media. The state-run news channel, RÚV, said the AP story had "numerous misrepresentations," and implied that one woman quoted by the AP is not a representative source of Icelanders' view on elves. Then again, the AP introduces her as "a self-proclaimed 'seer,' [who] believes she can communicate with the creatures through telepathy." Alda Sigmundsdóttir of the Iceland Weather Report told The Grapevine that thanks to the AP article a conservation effort "is turned into something trite and superficial."
"Five times."
That's how many times an undocumented immigrant from Zacatecas, Mexico has been denied a birth certificate for her two-year-old daughter, who was born in Texas. The immigrant, who spoke to CBS News on the condition of anonymity, is one of the plaintiffs in a civil rights lawsuit filed in late May against the state's Department of Health Services.
"People never really came forward until we filed a suit," Jim Harrington, an attorney with the Texas Civil Rights Project who is representing the adult plaintiffs, said. "Then all of a sudden it was like the doors opened and just maybe a couple hundred people so far have come forward talking about how this happened to them."
The 17 families in the case are Mexican and Central American undocumented immigrants who reside in Cameron and Hidalgo Counties, Texas. They claim they were denied birth certificates for their U.S.-born children. Under the 14th Amendment, all persons born in the United States are U.S. citizens. However, Texas Vital Statistics Unit representatives are refusing to issue birth certificates, asserting the immigrants do not have proper forms of identification. The unit issues birth and death certificates, among other records.
On Friday democratic presidential candidate Martin O'Malley tweeted about the issue, expressing disagreement with Texas's position.
A birth certificate is necessary for a number of tasks--for example, enrolling a child in school and obtaining public benefits due to the child by virtue of being a U.S. citizen, such as food stamps. Parents also may need a birth certificate to prove the familial relationship when authorizing medical care for their child.
Rules regarding the issuing of birth certificates vary from state to state. Since 1903, Texans have had to request birth certificates from local or state registrars; Texas hospitals do not handle the matter.
Yet when undocumented immigrants go to government offices to get a birth certificate, they are asked to show ID. Lacking a U.S. passport or driver's license, these immigrants face a roadblock. Some have foreign passports, but the Texas Vital Statistics Unit only accepts those when accompanied by a U.S. visa as well as another form of identification. (Texas accepts foreign passports without a U.S. visa as a supporting document to obtain a driver's license.)
The forms of ID undocumented immigrants do have been frequently stolen in their journey to the U.S. by "coyotes," individuals who help immigrants cross the border, or they expire. Once the immigrants arrive in the U.S., they are not able to replace them.
"The state can ask for identification for people asking for birth certificates, but they need to accept reasonable forms of identification that will not completely exclude undocumented persons," Jennifer Harbury, an attorney with Texas RioGrande Legal Aid who is representing the children in the case, told CBS News. "They've made it so strict that they've locked most of the undocumented community out."
Chris Van Deusen, a spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services, said the ID rules exist as a protection against fraud and identity theft. "You don't want just anybody to represent themselves as a family member and get somebody else's birth certificate," he said.
Harbury said undocumented immigrants' issues obtaining birth certificates surged around 2012 or 2013.
"As the immigration controversy began to intensify ... we started seeing more of these problems," she said. "By last year it was becoming untenable."
At the center of the birth certificate debate is the matrícula consular, an identity document issued by Mexican consulates in the United States. Many undocumented Mexican immigrants possess a matrícula, but the Texas Vital Records Unit does not accept them, even though a foreign ID with identifiable photo of applicant is listed under accepted secondary ID forms. Texas accepts consular documents as a supporting identity document for obtaining a driver's license.
In U.S. legal system, immigrant children make bid for status
Van Deusen told CBS News the matrícula has never been accepted at the state level as valid ID for obtaining vital records because it is not considered secure. He said the consulates issuing matrículas do not verify the documents an individual presents to obtain the ID.
Harbury said the plaintiffs have had no problems using matrículas in the past to obtain birth certificates, only with their children born more recently.
"It's certainly possible that at some time some of them [local registrars] have accepted it, but it's not an ID that's permitted by rules to be accepted by us," Van Deusen said in response to that claim.
Harrington said the new matrícula, issued in November 2014, is seen as secure. However, the new matrículas are also not being accepted.
"If this really was about security of identification, then it doesn't make sense to ban the new matrícula at all," Harrington said. "So to me there's another agenda here."
The plaintiff from Zacatecas initially presented her matrícula as her form of ID to obtain a birth certificate for her daughter. She then used her Mexican passport, but she did not have a U.S. visa to accompany it.
She has faced problems such as obtaining Medicaid, schooling and a baptism for her daughter. One time when going to Houston, she was screened at a checkpoint and asked for her daughter's birth certificate. She couldn't present one.
"I hadn't found myself in such a tight situation as this one before, to process a certificate," she said. "I imagine that because of fear, people don't speak up, don't complain and don't explain what's happening. That's why a lot of times we don't realize what's happening with this issue."
The plaintiff said she knows of more than 10 people who have experienced a similar struggle. One has had her child for nine years and still has not been able to arrange anything.
"This can be seen as some kind of discrimination," she added.
Immigrant children crossing border into U.S. to escape violence
This is the argument the plaintiffs' attorneys make in their complaint. Harbury said the situation undocumented immigrants are finding themselves in violates the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment, which says a state may not deny anyone within its jurisdiction equal protection under the law.
"Anybody born in the United States is a citizen of the United States and has a right to their birth certificate, end of story," Harbury said.
Van Deusen denied the allegations of discrimination. "The act of getting a certified copy of a birth certificate doesn't create someone's citizenship or doesn't negate that citizenship," he said. "Anybody born in Texas is a United States citizen, and I don't think that's in dispute by anybody involved in this."
On Wednesday evening, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint.
Mozilla's new Firefox 3.6 is about 15% faster than its predecessor, Firefox 3.5, but still is a slowpoke compared to the current speed demon s, Apple's Safari and Google's Chrome, benchmark tests show.
According to tests run by Computerworld , Firefox 3.6, which Mozilla launched on Thursday, is the third fastest of five Windows browsers tested. Firefox renders JavaScript three times faster than Opera 10 and more than four times faster than Microsoft's Internet Explorer 8 (IE8). It's also 14.5% faster than Firefox 3.5, the Mozilla browser that debuted in June 2009, a slightly larger speed increase than Mozilla has claimed.
But even with the JavaScript speed boost, Firefox 3.6 can't match Safari or Chrome. Safari is twice as fast -- and Chrome 4.0 nearly twice as fast -- as Firefox.
Safari edged Chrome for first place in the speed race, beating Google's browser by about 6.5%, a slightly smaller lead than in a November time trial that pitted Mac versions of the browsers against each other.
Computerworld ran the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark suite in Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) three times for each browser, then averaged the scores to arrive at the final rankings.
Most browser makers have been aggressively promoting improved JavaScript performance for nearly two years now, dating to when Mozilla began touting the performance boost its new TraceMonkey JavaScript engine gave to what eventually was tagged as Firefox 3.5 and Google's trumpeting the raw speed of Chrome.
Even Microsoft, which had disparaged speed tests, has acknowledged its developers are working on giving the next version of IE a kick in the pants. In November, Steven Sinofsky, Microsoft's president of Windows and Windows Live, claimed that early work on IE9 put the browser's JavaScript speed "on par" with rivals. Microsoft has not yet unveiled a test or preview build of IE9 that can be independently tested, however.
David Mandelin, who works on Mozilla's JavaScript team, has posted technical details on Firefox 3.6's JavaScript improvements on the hacks.mozilla.org blog.
Mozilla made other changes to Firefox 3.6 to speed up the browser. The Mac edition starts up about 30% faster than Firefox 3.5, for example, while changes to the location bar -- the searchable address bar that Mozilla dubs the "Awesomebar" -- on all versions have resulted in what the company claimed were "massive improvements in [user interface] responsiveness when typing in the location bar."
On another oft-quoted scoring system, the final of Firefox 3.6 did not budge from earlier beta builds of the browser, however. As it had last year during its beta testing, the production version of Firefox 3.6 scored 92 out of a possible 100 on the Acid3 benchmark , which checks how closely a browser follows standards related to DOM (Document Object Model), CSS2 (Cascading Style Sheets) and SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics).
Current editions of Safari, Chrome and Opera all score 100 on the Acid3 test, while IE8 reaches only 24.
Firefox currently accounts for about 25% of all browsers used worldwide, according to the most recent data from Web metrics company NetApplications.com. With a quarter of the browser market, Firefox is a distant second to IE's 63%, but enjoys a huge cushion over the current No. 3 browser, Chrome, which has a 5% share.
For more on Firefox 3.6, check out Computerworld 's review here.
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld . Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer, send e-mail to gkeizer@ix.netcom.com or subscribe to Gregg's RSS feed.
This story, "Firefox Takes a 15% Speed Jump" was originally published by Computerworld .
Wow. Just wow. My first ever Secret Santa sent the most wonderful presents ever.
My package arrived 2 days early which made a nice surprise for a day that is to be filled with dog washing and housework before heading off to real work. A BIG box.
Too exciting! First,a very nice letter from Santa detailing the contents that ended up being all of my favorite things. Chocolate,and not just your average chocolate. No this is deep,dark chocolate that was locally made in Santa's lovely city...mmmmm,had to test it right away. And then there was Coffee. Santa said it was strong and he knows me well. I am setting this aside until Christmas morning. Fuel will be needed that day!(Don't think the chocolate will make it that long). The culinary treats didn't stop there. There is a jar of locally sourced honey which cries out for fresh homemade biscuits and butter. Good thing my momma taught me to make biscuits.
But wait,there's more! A skein of madtosh yarn in the grays of a rainy San Francisco day (my knitter sisters-and brothers will know how nice this wool is). I will ponder what form it is to take while gazing at the beautiful framed photograph that my secret Santa himself created. Lovely. Most of the art in our home is photography. It will have an honored place in my loom room,my favorite place in the house.
Thank you, thank you, thank you! Beautiful and thoughtful presents made for a fun first Secret Santa experience. I will definitely be signing up next year. I hope your Santa treated you as well as you treated me.
Happiest of holidays to you Santa and a very prosperous new year to you and yours!
Since making landfall near Cuixmala, Mexico at 6:15 PM CDT Friday night, Hurricane Patricia—which approached Mexico's southwestern coast with up to 200-mph winds near its eye—has been downgraded to a tropical storm.
According to Reuters, “there were no early reports of deaths” and “major damage was averted because the powerful storm did not hit large population centers” (like Puerto Vallarta and the center of Manzanillo), though Mexican officials are still assessing damage sustained in smaller villages.
Though the brunt of its direct impact may have passed, the US National Hurricane Center warned that heavy rainfall could put residents in the storm's path “across northeast Mexico into coastal sections of Texas” at risk of “life-threatening flash floods and mudslides” later today.
As Mexico braced for the hurricane's impact Friday evening, the national police force tweeted these pictures of its initial effects:
Efectos de #HuracánPatricia en Melaque #Jalisco. Reiteramos petición a ciudadanía de resguardarse. Llame al 088 pic.twitter.com/VqWsh9CFlP — Policía Federal Mx (@PoliciaFedMx) October 23, 2015
At 1:49 PM CDT today, CNN reporter Mario Gonzalez posted this photo, taken in the same region:
Early this morning, some redditors who were stranded in the hurricane's predicted path gave updates:
One woman even related how she was trapped in Puerto Vallarta last night during her honeymoon:
“Well, our wedding was just wonderful; really couldn't have asked for more. I'm looking forward to writing a full recap here once we get our photos. But right now, we're sheltering under mattresses with taped windows in our hotel room in Puerto Vallarta as hurricane Patricia bares down on us, along with 4 other couples whose rooms were too close to the beach. Not exactly what we imagined for our honeymoon. But we're happy to be together, and to be safe.”
For real-time updates on tropical storm Patricia, check out Reddit's live news feed below, with updates, comments, safety warnings, and video streams of the storm's progress:
The second album from Wicklow band Enemies is the sound of musicians moving further away from the obvious with aplomb.
Where Enemies‘ first album, the Richter Collective-released We've Been Talking revelled in melodic instrumental rock and was definable by those parameters, Embark, Embrace is notable for the way in which the songs are less predictable than before. The muted melodic vocals from Conor Adams of The Cast Of Cheers on ‘Executive Cut', the shimmer gauze on ‘Coral Castle', the ambient bleeps aided by Heathers' choral vocals on ‘Nighthawks', the jaunty xylophone-sound of ‘Moesha', the unfurling gentle build of ‘North West' with Croupier's Oisin Murphy on singing duties and the guitar-funk of ‘Indian Summer' add previously unheard qualities to their music. Yet Embark, Embrace features the things that are recognisable as Enemies: a emphasis on melody regardless of instrumental focus underpinned by distorted and expressive guitars and drum rhythms. The album is a recalibration of the appeal of the band. Listen:
Embark, Embrace is out on May 10th on Heavyweight Records. Buy it at enemies.bigcartel.com/
Album Artwork by Mark O'Brien:
Track List
01. Intro
02. Executive Cut (feat. Conor Adams of The Cast Of Cheers)
03. Unit Shifter
04. Beacher
05. Indian Summer
06. Coral Castle
07. Nighthawks (feat. Heathers)
08. Moesha
09. Love Unlimited
10. Northwest (feat. Oisín Murphy of Croupier)
May 16th – Roisin Dubh – Galway
(Free show – Free tickets online before May 15th, €10 after)
May 18th – The Paviliion – Cork – €5 on the door
May 23rd – The Speakeasy – Belfast – Free Show
May 25th – The Button Factory – €10
It's a disaster of increasing proportions. We are almost as fat as Americans. We are getting fatter faster than any other developed country in the past 20 years. What's more, if we keep stuffing ourselves, 75 per cent of Australians will be overweight in 10 years' time. Fast and feast Samaras is an advocate of the old ways of fasting and feasting. For her, what you eat matters less than how you eat. Eat light and you'll live longer. ''People who follow the old faiths and follow the intermittent fasts live a lot longer,'' she says. ''We know from studies that the Greeks living in Australia in the '60s and '70s, lived the longest. ''You might say it's the Mediterranean diet, the extra virgin olive oil and a bit of hard labour helps as well. But these people were following the orthodox calendar and fasted for 200 days a year. That's light eating: bread and cheese, bread and olives, a bit of fruit and vegetables.''
Samara points to the change in our eating patterns from ancient times when feasting was rare and fasting was the norm. ''We've gone from having two or three feasts a year to potentially having them every week or more,'' she says. ''And, often when we eat out, there is the expectation of having bacchanalian quantities of wine and three courses.'' Southern Cross University's Professor Garry Egger says our physiology isn't designed for our modern environment. ''Humans have evolved over hundreds of thousands of years through fasting and feasting,'' he says. ''Only in the past 20 years we have had consistent food and not gone through cycles of fasting and feasting [in developed countries].'' The right to gorge
Australians find the notion that they should reduce their food intake hard to swallow. Surely, we've earned the right to eat as a symbol of our successful struggle out of poverty and hunger? ''There are concerns about not having a horn of plenty on our table,'' Samaras says. ''There is a sense that we are doing well when the table is laden, perhaps overburdened, with all sorts of goodies.'' Our figures say we've done too well. We've been too successful at reducing the cost of calories and paid the price of expanding waistlines. The right to eat doesn't mean the right to gorge. ''We need to cut back on food,'' Egger says. ''The argument about whether it is carbohydrate or fat or protein is irrelevant. It's the total intake that is relevant. ''The only countries where there has been a drop in obesity are countries in crisis: Nauru when it went broke, Cuba when the Russians left, during the war in the Balkans.''
Fat like us Perhaps we'd be more inclined to act if we didn't find it hard to recognise overweight people any more. ''All our radars are skewed,'' Samaras says. ''We don't register people are overweight. Until I put that 16-year-old girl on the scales, even I didn't realise how overweight she was.'' Egger agrees. ''Fat is the new slim,'' he says. ''Putting on weight is becoming the norm. The New England Journal of Medicine published a study suggesting obesity spreads like a virus. Friends tend to have the same body weight. The implication is that if you've got a friend who is fat, it's OK to be fat and it multiplies. ''Even parents have lost sight of their kids' bodies. I suspect parents don't see their kids as fat because they compare them to other kids.'' Samara adds: ''Is our economy so dependent on stuffing younger and younger people that we can't stop making people eat more and more?''
Egger, co-author of Planet Obesity, is in no doubt the answer is yes. ''The growth system of economics is totally dependent on making people fat,'' he says. ''We make money out of selling products and out of feeding people.'' Appetite V Hunger Garry Egger suggests we learn to become friends with hunger and understand that it's different to appetite. ''There is hunger and there is appetite,'' he says. ''Appetite is the learned desire to want to eat. Hunger is the biological drive to have to eat. ''Most modern people have big appetites but their hunger levels aren't any different to a thousand years ago.'' Another good tip is keeping a famine pantry. ''Only having food in the pantry that is fresh or you have to cook to eat,'' Samaras says.
This set of images compares the Link outcrop of rocks on Mars (left) with similar rocks seen on Earth (right). The image of Link, obtained by NASA's Curiosity rover, shows rounded gravel fragments, or clasts, up to a couple inches (few centimeters), within the rock outcrop. Erosion of the outcrop results in gravel clasts that fall onto the ground, creating the gravel pile at left. The outcrop characteristics are consistent with a sedimentary conglomerate, or a rock that was formed by the deposition of water and is composed of many smaller rounded rocks cemented together. A typical Earth example of sedimentary conglomerate formed of gravel fragments in a stream is shown on the right.
An annotated version of the image highlights a piece of gravel that is about 0.4 inches (1 centimeter) across. It was selected as an example of coarse size and rounded shape. Rounded grains (of any size) occur by abrasion in sediment transport, by wind or water, when the grains bounce against each other. Gravel fragments are too large to be transported by wind. At this size, scientists know the rounding occurred in water transport in a stream.
The name Link is derived from a significant rock formation in the Northwest Territories of Canada, where there is also a lake with the same name.
Scientists enhanced the color in the Mars image to show the scene as it would appear under the lighting conditions we have on Earth, which helps in analyzing the terrain. The Link outcrop was imaged with the 100-millimeter Mast Camera on Sept. 2, 2012, which was the 27th sol, or Martian day of operations.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Setting up a new fiscal showdown with Congress, the White House issued a veto threat on Monday for any spending bill that attempts to implement “draconian” budget cuts prescribed by Republicans in the House of Representatives.
The White House budget office said it recommended President Barack Obama veto two appropriations bills set for House consideration this week “unless they are passed in the context of an overall budget framework that supports our recovery and enables sufficient investments in education, infrastructure, innovation and national security.”
The budget office said the $967 billion discretionary spending cap set forth in the House Republican budget, the lowest in a decade, was simply too low and that the same veto threat applied to any bill that tries to implement it.
Passing the two House bills “while adhering to the overall spending limits in the House Budget's topline discretionary level for fiscal year (FY) 2014, would hurt our economy and require draconian cuts to middle-class priorities,” the Office of Management and Budget said in a statement.
The budget office said it would recommend Obama veto the bills “and any other legislation that implements the House Republican Budget framework.”
The appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security and for military construction projects and the Veterans Administration conform to sharply reduced spending levels set by House Republicans that assume continuation of the “sequester” automatic spending cuts into the 2014 fiscal year, which starts on October 1.
The Republican approach, devised by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan, is at odds with that in the Democratic-controlled Senate, which is aiming to pass spending bills written to the $1.058 trillion level set forth in a 2011 budget deal.
The Democratic approach assumes that $109 billion in the across-the-board sequester cuts are replaced with savings elsewhere as part of a broader budget deal. Republicans have been willing to accept a continuation of the cuts and are trying to shift funds away from some domestic and social programs to better fund their priorities of defense and security.
With the deadline for an increase in the federal borrowing limit now pushed back to the fall, the impetus for Congress to strike a budget deal this summer has faded. But the need for passage of new spending bills by October 1 to avoid a government shutdown could put new pressure on Congress to resolve the dispute over spending levels and deficit reduction.
It was an electric June night in Flushing. Star-crossed Mets phenom Dwight Gooden made his first start following a drug suspension handed down that April, and the Amazin's beat the Pirates 5-1. But what made that evening in 1987 truly extraordinary was not the play of the defending World Champion Mets (sigh). Although I was a die-hard Mets fan, I was there on that night along with the largest Shea crowd of the year because, prior to the game, Marvel Comics grand wizard Stan Lee himself had officiated at the live, heavily publicized and elaborately orchestrated onfield wedding of Spider-Man and Mary Jane Watson.
Why had this event captivated the public's imagination, inciting a plethora of local and even national news coverage? It's not like America had Spidey on the brain. Spider-Man's biggest audience at the time was probably kids watching Electric Company reruns, and it would be decades before Marvel's box office behemoths littered the cinematic landscape with multicolored spandex and convoluted mythologies.
People paid attention to the wedding of this Queens-born hero for the same reason that, a few years earlier, Super Bowl-sized audiences tuned in to the fictional wedding of General Hospital's Luke and Laura, and the wedding of Prince Charles and Di. People watched these spectacles in record numbers because they're shippers at heart.
As seen on countless fan-created Tumblr pages, to “ship” is to express your passionate approval of someone else's relationship, or your desire to see two (usually fictional or famous) individuals in a relationship with each other. As in, “I totally ship Marcie and Peppermint Patty. They both need to get over their silly crushes on Charlie Brown and realize they're meant for each other!" The term was first used in a romantic context in mid-1990s Internet groups by fans of The X-Files who pined for the union of agents Mulder and Scully. These fans were known as “relationshippers” (as opposed to the “noromos” -aka No Romance faction). The term was then popularized by Pokémon fans who rooted for a romance between members of Team Rocket. These “Rocketshippers” spread their zeal for romance to other fandoms, and shipping soon became the national pastime of Internet fan groups across a wide spectrum of fictional universes.
Shipping may have achieved prominence in the burgeoning world of Internet fan fiction, but the phenomenon, if not the expression, goes back at least a hundred years, when Sybil Brinton, a wealthy Englishwoman in her forties, wrote the first known work of Jane Austen fan fiction, "Old Friends and New Fancies," in 1913. In this self-proclaimed "sequel," Brinton mimicked Jane Austen's voice as she imagined non-canonical pairings of well-loved characters from all six of Austen's novels.
Fast forward to the 1970s, when fans of Star Trek shepherded in the modern era of fan fiction. In Star Trek fanzines, authors boldly went where no one had gone before, as they created numerous romantic encounters between denizens of the Star Trek universe, including numerous Kirk and Spock fantasies, a genre that became known as Kirk/Spock and then simply K/S, leading subsequent non-hetero couplings to be known amongst shipping aficionados simply as “slashes.”
What is it that possesses people to hurl their beloved characters or celebrities at each other and watch for sparks?
Whatever the orientation, fans are passionate about their ships, and communities of like-minded shippers are often formed around a popular OTP—short for One True Pairing—which indicates a coupling felt to be inherently right and destined. If you saw Team Edward or Team Jacob shirts being worn at the height of the Twilight saga's popularity, you caught a glimpse of (corporate-sponsored) shipping in action.
Make your inbox more interesting. Each weekday evening, get an overview of the day's biggest news, along with fascinating ideas, images, and people. Email Address (required) Sign Up Thanks for signing up! {{#user.created}}Please check your email to confirm your subscription.{{/user.created}} {{^user.created}}Your newsletter subscription preferences have been updated.{{/user.created}} An unknown error occurred.
Of course, people also love to ship real-life super couples, which for some reason always require portmanteaued sobriquets. But besides Bennifer, Tomkat, and Brangelina, there were plenty of fictional hybrids as well. Lost fans rooted for Jate, Skate, Jacket, or Suliet, and a large contingent of Harry Potter shippers have created perhaps the oddest (and most persistent) portmanteau of all: Drapple—Draco Malfoy and an apple he is seen eating in several of the Harry Potter films. J.K. Rowling, herself no stranger to realms of fantasy, had this to say in 2005, after her first exposure to this peculiar yet prolific subset of Harry Potter fandom: “I met the shippers, and it was a most extraordinary thing. I had no idea there was this huge underworld seething beneath me.”
What is it that possesses people to hurl their beloved characters or celebrities at each other and watch for sparks, like scientists at the Large Hadron Collider bashing subatomic particles together hoping to catch a glimpse of the elusive Higgs Boson? As Ralph Waldo Emerson noted in an 1841 essay, rooting for love has always been a part of human nature:
The strong bent of nature is seen in the proportion which this topic of personal relations usurps in the conversation of society. What do we wish to know of any worthy person so much, as how he has sped in the history of this sentiment?...And what fastens attention, in the intercourse of life, like any passage betraying affection between two parties? Perhaps we never saw them before, and never shall meet them again. But we see them exchange a glance, or betray a deep emotion, and we are no longer strangers. We understand them, and take the warmest interest in the development of the romance. All mankind love a lover.
Perhaps shipping also reflects the yearning for a small moment of control in a chaotic world. Children often react to their inherent powerlessness by retreating to the wide-open spaces of their imagination. They make their dolls kiss (or fight), and feel a sense of control that they lack in the real world. As fans, people may not be the author of the fictional worlds they love to inhabit, but when they ship, they can momentarily grab the wheel in the most exhilarating of ways—envisioning and championing relationships that demonstrate their own mastery of a created universe, and their true feelings about how love should exist in that world, if not indeed in their own.
Personally, I tend to ship couples who take center stage after the series-defining relationships between more predictable characters fizzle or fade into the background. I shipped Chandler and Monica. Willow and Tara. The short-lived Worf and Troi. But I also have an OTP. A fictional relationship that I champion above all others because I see in it the best expression of the kind of love that I root for in this world. It's not two characters from my favorite TV show or novel.
It's 20th century philosopher Martin Buber and his tree (let's call them Truber). In his seminal work, I and Thou, Buber uses his arboreal encounter to describe the ultimate relationship. Buber's tree is not the exploited self-loathing specimen from Shel Silverstein's Giving Tree. No, as unlikely as it seems, Buber and this tree have a relationship based on true mutuality. It is one man experiencing the divine in the singular non-objectification of a fellow living being.
Apparently, I'm not the only one to ship Truber hard. Romantic comedy writer David Kohan studied the works of Martin Buber in college, and was similarly impressed by Buber's take on relationships. This passage from I and Thou stood out in particular for Kohan:
It can, however, also come about, if I have both will and grace , that in considering the tree I become bound up in relation to it…There is nothing from which I would have to turn my eyes away in order to see, and no knowledge that I would have to forget…The tree is no impression, no play of my imagination, no value depending on my mood, but it is bodied over against me and has to do with me, as I with it -- only in a different way. Let no attempt be made to sap the strength from the meaning of the relation: the relationship is mutual.
When we ship we are ultimately rooting for love itself, and for the triumph of these two rare elements, will and grace.
In an interview with The Buffalo News, Kohan describes how Buber's text inspired him to create a sitcom based on his understanding of an ideal relationship: “Buber wrote, ‘You need the Will to go after it and the Grace to receive it.' I thought, wow. These are two complementary things. If we ever had a love story with two complementary people, those would be great names.”
As much as we fan pull for our favorite characters to get together, when we ship we are ultimately rooting for love itself, and for the triumph of these two rare elements, will and grace. Whether real or fictional, our ships represent our faith in our fellow humans to take the leap of imagination necessary to connect with another human being. To take off our masks; to succeed in the heroic act of accepting love, and to have the courage to risk offering it.
Twenty years after the wedding of Spidey and MJ, their entire marriage was erased from existence when Peter Parker made a deal with the powerful villain Mephisto to save his Aunt May. Soon after, Shea stadium was demolished as the Mets moved to their new (luckless) home across the parking lot. Nothing remains of my first ship (except the immortal Stan Lee, of course), and yet I still feel the pull of its wake in the persistent desire to root for love that is beautiful, transcendent, and courageous, whatever form it takes.
(Adds SunEdison-Adani deal, Kerry, Woodside quotes)
By Rupam Jain Nair and Aman Shah
GANDHINAGAR, India, Jan 11 (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised on Sunday to pursue predictable policies and ensure stable taxes, in a speech that sought to address concerns for foreign investors in Asia's third-largest economy.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry led a roll call of leaders, including U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and World Bank head Jim Yong Kim, converging on Modi's home town of Gandhinagar for the Vibrant Gujarat business summit.
U.S. President Barack Obama visits India later this month.
Eight months into Modi's rule, his failure to lift the economy from its longest growth slowdown in a generation has raised questions about how much substance there is behind his promise of “red carpet, not red tape”.
“We're trying to complete the circle of economic reforms speedily,” Modi told the event that he founded when he was chief minister of the industrial state.
“We are also keen to see that our policies are predictable. We're clear that our tax regime should be stable,” Modi said, speaking in English but making the occasional aside in Hindi.
Along with speakers from Japan, Canada and Singapore, Kerry praised his host and avoided direct criticism. But he hinted at the need to cut back India's stifling bureaucracy.
“We no longer live in a world where a country is going to be competitive if its bureaucracy sends people from door to door and window to window and meeting to meeting,” he said.
PROMISED DEALS
Modi spoke on Sunday of the achievements he hopes will help lift hundreds of millions of Indians out of poverty, including the opening of more than 100 million bank accounts, a ‘Make in India' campaign to promote manufacturing, and plans to expand the rail, road, energy and digital networks.
“We are planning to take a quantum leap,” the 64-year-old leader said.
Among the deals announced was a $4 billion agreement between U.S.-based solar power firm SunEdison and Indian conglomerate Adani Enterprises, to build one of India's largest solar panel makers.
Vibrant Gujarat, held every two years, has yielded billions of dollars in investment promises, though only a fraction of the deals announced have come to fruition.
Modi aims to lift stagnant capital investment that has held back India's growth to 5.3 percent. That is expected to accelerate this year to 6.4 percent, said the World Bank's Kim, who called India a “bright spot” in a mediocre global landscape.
Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man with a fortune estimated at $19.7 billion, said his Reliance Industries conglomerate would invest 1 trillion rupees ($16 billion) in Gujarat over the next year to 18 months.
Sam Walsh, CEO of global mining giant Rio Tinto, flagged two potential projects including a $2 bln iron ore project in Odisha state. Woodside Petroleum <WPL.AX > CEO Peter Coleman, whose firm signed an agreement with Adani to explore sourcing and marketing of liquefied natural gas, said there were fiscal improvements to be made, though also potential.
“Is India open for business? We believe it is,” he said.
Modi has made headway on making it easier for outsiders to invest more in real estate, insurance and defence, but a rigid labour market and rotten infrastructure are huge deterrents.
India slipped to 142nd out of 189 in the World Bank's latest Doing Business Index. Modi wants India in the top 50.
“Investors want credibility, stability and at the same time flexibility. Right now, India is a bit of an inflexible market,” said Kilbinder Dosanjh, a director for Asia at Eurasia Group, a geopolitical risk consultancy. ($1 = 62.3450 Indian rupees) (Additional reporting by Arshad Mohammed; Writing by Douglas Busvine and Clara Ferreira Marques,; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Brown vetoes tax-disclosure bill for presidential candidates
Gov. Jerry Brown has vetoed legislation that would have required presidential candidates to release five years of income tax returns before their names could appear on the California ballot.
SB149, which was approved in the Legislature largely along party lines, does not mention President Trump, but it clearly targeted the commander in chief, the first in 40 years to withhold his tax documents from the public. He is an announced candidate for re-election in 2020.
“While I recognize the political attractiveness — even the merits — of getting President Trump's tax returns, I worry about the political perils of individual states seeking to regulate presidential elections in this manner,” Brown wrote in his veto message Sunday. “First, it may not be constitutional. Second, it sets a ‘slippery slope' precedent. Today, we require tax returns, but what would be next?”
In this Oct. 11, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks about tax reform during an event at the Harrisburg International Airport in Middletown, Pa. Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed a bill that would have required presidential candidates to disclose five years of tax returns before their name could appear on the ballot. less In this Oct. 11, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks about tax reform during an event at the Harrisburg International Airport in Middletown, Pa. Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed a bill that would have required ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, Associated Press Photo: Alex Brandon, Associated Press Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Brown vetoes tax-disclosure bill for presidential candidates 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
Brown declined to release his own tax returns during his successful campaigns for governor in 2010 and 2014, breaking with California tradition. Trump has said he could not disclose his taxes because he was being audited by the Internal Revenue Service. Neither the IRS nor federal law, however, prohibits disclosing tax returns during an audit.
A similar disclosure bill this spring was passed by New Jersey's Democratic-controlled Legislature, but Republican Gov. Chris Christie vetoed it, deriding it as an unconstitutional “form of therapy” by Democrats unwilling to accept the election results.
The California bill, by Democratic state Sens. Mike McGuire of Healdsburg and Scott Wiener of San Francisco drew legal scrutiny during the legislative process because of court rulings preventing states from setting qualifications for federal candidates. The Legislative Counsel's office, the legal adviser to California lawmakers, said the measure was probably unconstitutional because it sought to “influence voters” and would handicap certain candidates, thus interfering with the election process.
But Richard Painter, an ethics adviser to President George W. Bush, and Norman Eisen, who held the same post for President Barack Obama, said SB149 sought only to inform voters and were within a state's authority to regulate access to the ballot.
Such measures “require federally qualified candidates to comply with a relatively minor process of tax disclosure — something any candidate can readily do — in order to allow voters to make more fully informed judgments,” they said.
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Melody Gutierrez contributed to this report.
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko
Advertisement
While out hunting, it helps to keep a low profile.
And with wings clamped to its side in full flight – and with a wide-eyed stare – this northern hawk owl is a model of stealth.
One of a few owl species that are active during the day, the bird was seen searching for prey in Kokkola, Finland.
A series of brilliant pictures, snapped by Finnish photograph Jani Yikangas, shows the owl staring intently at the camera while flying just like a torpedo.
The 39-year-old said: 'It's the official torpedo owl! The famous northern hawk owl from Finland is known for its menacing attitude and lack of respect for gravity.'
Northern hawk owls are native to Finland and are one of the few owl species that are only active during daylight hours.
While out hunting, it helps to keep a low profile. And with wings clamped to its side in full flight – and with a wide-eyed stare – this northern hawk owl is a model of stealth.
A series of brilliant pictures, snapped by Finnish photograph Jani Yikangas, shows the owl staring intently at the camera while flying just like a torpedo
The owl, which is native to Finland and one of the few species to be awake only in daylight hours, later landed on a branch making use of its wings
A name that's cropped up quite a lot in this blog so far is Pausanias, a Greek from Asia Minor, who toured old Greece at the height of the Roman Empire (mid 2nd Century AD) and left us a description of what he saw. For my research project Pausanias is an invaluable source because he provides more details by far than any other ancient author about the monuments that could be seen in the cities of Roman Greece. He is highly selective in what he talks about – his interests lie very much with things that were believed to be either very old, were of deep religious significance or both. This means he says next to nothing about the large numbers of Roman period statues that were erected in public spaces under the Empire and which are well-known from the surviving inscriptions and archaeology. Still, it's fascinating to think about the ways that these new monuments must have jostled for space with the antiquities that Pausanias does describe. Exploring the interplay meaning between different types of monument – religious, political, ancient and new – is one of the main concerns of my project.
Pausanias' work is an extensive description of the the Roman province of Achaea, which is roughly equivalent to southern and central modern day Greece and the heartland of Greek culture in the Classical period – the area where the great and famous poleis of Athens, Corinth, Sparta, Argos and Thebes could all be found. It's clear from his work, however, that he had travelled widely beyond that country. He must have been in Rome because on two occasions he mentions how impressed he was with Trajan's Forum. He was also clearly familiar with many of the Greek cities on the west coast of Asia Minor – the area he seems to have come from – and he makes occasional digressions to talk about them. One of his most fascinating digressions, and one that I've been reading again with some interest in writing my article on the tomb monuments of Roman Greece, concerns some extraordinarily large human skeletons he claimed to have seen.
Near the beginning of his work Pausanias describes the island city of Salamis, which lies to the west of Athens, just off the coast, near where the Greeks had their triumphant naval victory over the Persians in the early 5th Century. Salamis was the birthplace of the Ajax, one of the heroes of the Trojan War and this causes Pausanias to remember visiting Ajax's tomb near Troy. (Ajax had killed himself near the end of the Trojan War in shame after a bout of insanity which had led him to try to kill his fellow Greek heroes – at least in the most well known version of the story preserved in Sophocles' play). Pausanias tells us how the sea had washed away part of the tomb so that it was possible to enter it.
He had been shown the remains by a local guide who had pointed to the skeleton's kneecaps as an indication of how big it was. Pausanias tells us that the kneecaps were as big as the discus thrown by boys in the ancient Greek pentathlon. From surviving ancient discuses and representations of them Adrienne Mayor (on whom more presently) has estimated that these knee-caps must have been around 15cm wide! The picture of the famous ancient discoboulos (discus-thrower) statue gives an idea how big the discus thrown by adult men was. After a brief internet search I discovered that an average adult male kneecap nowadays is about 4.5 cm wide. So if Ajax was perfectly proportioned, as all Greek heroes of course were, he would have been more than three times as tall as an average man! At least, that is what Pausanias and his guide seemed to believe….
This excursus on Ajax's grave leads Pausanias to tell us about several other remarkable heroic skeletons he knew of. On an island called Lade, off the west coast of Asia Minor oppposite the city of Miletos, he had seen the bones of a hero called Asterios, which were over 10 cubits, or 4.5m tall. He also discusses colossal human remains of a hero at a place called “the Doors of Temenos” in Asia Minor and those of a hero whose rib cage had fused together in a remarkable way, in another city in the same region. And Pausanias isn't the only Roman period author to discuss such marvels. Philostratos, writing slightly later in the early 3rd Century AD discusses no less than seven tombs where giant skeletons could be seen, or parts of the Mediterranean where such remains were common, in his dialgoue “On Heroes”. Philostratos' discussion also includes the tomb of Ajax, whose skeleton he says was 11 cubits, or neary 5m tall. He also tells us that the Emperor Hadrian – that lover of all things Greek – had visited the tomb and had paid for it to be rebuilt.
These remarkable accounts naturally give rise to the question what exactly were the Roman period Greeks seeing when they visited such remains? A theory that has been put forward by Adrienne Mayor in her book The First Fossil Hunters is that these were bones of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals. Mayor doesn't only discuss these heroic graves but also a wealth of evidence for people in ancient times interpreting fossils as monsters and mythical beasts. These ideas have also featured in Tom Holland's BBC4 documentary Dinosaurs, Myths and Monsters. I must confess that so far I've only browsed in Mayor's book but I do find it an extremely attractive and persuasive idea that the heroic skeletons of Pausanias and Philostratos were really the remains of extinct creatures from millions of years ago. What really fascinates me, however, is thinking about the ways that the stories invented to explain such bones might have been created.
Details in the literary accounts hint at the way that these traditions had been shaped through human agency. The story of Ajax's kneecap, for instance, in the way that erosion had opened up the tomb, on first consideration reminds us of the way that fossils today are still uncovered by the sea on beaches. That is how a certain online encyclopaedia accounts for the story. However Pausanias' explicitly tells us that the remains weren't simply lying exposed to the elements but were actually inside a tomb that it was possible to enter. And the structure he saw must have been a predecessor of Hadrian's building because Pausanias explicitly comments on it being in a dilapidated state. If the remains had originally been uncovered by the wind or sea had they perhaps been moved by the locals to a more impressive and convincing resting place?
Furthermore, even though Pausanias focuses on the kneecap he doesn't actually say that that was all there was to see of Ajax. If this was nothing more to the skeleton than a kneecap it's hard to see how this was enough to convince Pausanias – or anyone –that these really were the remains of a human-looking hero. If, on the other hand, there was more preserved than simply a part of the leg – or even if there was more of the leg than just the kneecap – then it is curious how the remains of a prehistoric animal could be thought to look anything like basically human in form.
For none of the examples mentioned by Pausanias or Phiostratos do we hear that the remains were either very fragmentary or didn't look quite human. It would have surely been more natural to think that remains of dinosaurs or prehistoric beasts belonged to one of the many monsters that appear in Greek mythology – griffins, sirens, chimeras and so on – as the Greeks, indeed do often seem to have interpreted such remains. If the bones of Ajax, Asterios and the others really were animal or dinosaur fossils I wonder if they might not have been rearranged in some way to look more human for visitors. I'm reminded of the skeletons of the two “centaurs” that have created by combining human and horse remains and which have been on display in two different American museums. The intention here isn't to deceive, but rather to provoke a response and challenge viewers to think about how we make sense of buried remains. The artful placement of bones in antiquity could, however, have been carried out with rather less innocent motives.
What we really need to understand these supposedly heroic burials properly, of course, is some archaeological evidence but sadly, so far none of these graves has been discovered. Two fossilised bones have been discovered at two different Greek sanctuaries, confirming that such remains were venerated in Greek culture. Pausanias too comments on seeing individual bones of monsters or giants in sanctuaries. Archaeologists, however, have yet to discover a prehistoric fossilised skeleton interred in an ancient Greek tomb. Personally I would find the discovery of Ajax's Hadrianic tomb, complete with fossilised prehistoric remains, one of the most exciting discoveries imaginable in Classical archaeology.
For my the purposes of my research these stories of gigantic human remains open up all sorts of interesting questions – questions about the way that the Roman period Greeks thought about and related to the distant heroic past and about how they used monuments and physical remains to make that past relevant to the present. For a start these sources make me wonder if people reading the Homeric epics in Roman times really tended to visualise the heroes of the Trojan War – Achilles, Hector, Odysseus and the rest – as enormous giants striding across the battlefield.
It is also fascinating to think about how these sources attest to a desire on the part of the Roman period Greeks to physically touch and handle what they believed to be the remains of their ancient heroes. In Greek religious thought heroes were semi-divine beings whose super human deeds brought them closer to the world of the gods. Indeed they were often believed to have at least one god as a parent. The cults of the heroes are sometimes compared to those of the later Christian saints. Was the handling of heroic bones described by Pausanias and Philostratos done in a spirit of veneration (as in the case of saintly relics) or simply out of morbid curiosity?
Closer to my own interests are questions about the ways in which possession of such remains could be used to stake a claim to prestige and status in the world of the Empire. Last time I discussed examples of cities in Greece in the Roman period making rival claims to possessing the tombs of the same hero – a clear sign that at least one of those claims had been made up. It seems fairly clear that the stories of colossal skeletons belonging to heroes must also have been invented. Again Pausanias gives us direct evidence that cities were making competing claims to possession of heroic bones.
He proudly boasts of how he had challenged his guides at the Doors of Temenos that the bones they had shown him could not possibly be those of the giant Geryon because he knew that Geryon was buried at Gadeira (modern day Cadiz in Spain). The point of the story is to demonstrate that Pausanias was far too well travelled and educated to be taken in easily. It is, therefore all the more surprising that he goes on to say that when his guides immediately changed their story and now told him that these were actually the bones of a hero called Hyllos he was all too happy to believe them! An extra layer is added to this particular story because Philostratos also mentions the gigantic remains of Hyllos, but he places them in a completely different city. It seems from these stories that local tour guides in antiquity were, like their modern counterparts, often all to ready to tell visitors the sort of stories that they wanted to hear.
Making up stories about giant skeletons wasn't new to the Greeks of Roman times. Some of you might know the famous story told by Herodotus in which the Spartans in the mid 6th century BC, in answer to an oracle from Delphi, brought the bones of the hero Orestes back from the land of their enemy to Tegea to their own city. Herodotus, writing a century later, tells us that the skeleton was reputedly 7 cubits (3.15m) tall and buried in a coffin, a detail which suggests that these remains (if anyone had actually really seen them) must have been fairly complete.
Still, it is striking that the vast majority of such stories are found in Roman period authors. Even the other well-known story of the Athenians recovering Theseus' colossal remains, though set in the 5th century BC is actually told by Plutarch who wrote in the 1st century AD. There is, as we saw last time, also an abundance of evidence from the Roman period for cities in Greece making competing claims to possession of heroic tombs. In Greece itself, none of these tombs is reported as containing visible human remains but it is clear enough that we are dealing with the same phenomenon. Being able to actually display a hero's bones was an obvious way of making such claims seem more credible. If Greece had less heroic skeletons than Asia Minor, perhaps that was the result of different geological conditions and different rates of survival of fossilised remains in the two areas. I'm looking forward to learning more about such issues from reading Mayor's book properly.
I suggest that it is not merely a coincidence of survival in the sources that we have more accounts of such remains in Roman times but that this represents an increasing interest in heroic burials at this time. The argument I'm developing in the article I am working on is that in the Greek speaking eastern half of the Mediterranean, and in Greece in particular, it became increasingly common under the Roman Empire for cities to advertise possession of tombs of mythical and legendary heroes in order to compete for prestige and status.
Next time I'm going to be looking at how exactly the invention of heroic tomb monuments in Roman Greece might have come about. If these weren't genuine heroic tombs then what were they? I'll also be thinking about why cities were so clean to stake claims to heroic remains and about who stood to gain most from inventing such stories.
Advertisements
0
The Netflix drama series Ozark is about Chicago financial advisor Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman, who also executive produced the series and directed four episodes), who has been quietly laundering money with his business partner Bruce (Josh Randall) for a drug kingpin (Esai Morales) working for a cartel. After discovering that $8 million of the money is missing, Marty finds himself having to move his family to The Ozarks, where he must find new ways to get the money laundered, in order to save the lives of his wife (Laura Linney) and children (Sofia Hublitz and Skylar Gaertner), all while avoiding the FBI.
During this 1-on-1 phone interview with Collider, actor/executive producer/director Jason Bateman talked about how proud he is of the way Ozark turned out, why he'd like to further explore this interesting family dynamic, how he came to be wearing so many different hats on this series, and how he views this somewhat questionable character. He also talked about whether there's been an official conversation about a Zootopia sequel, and the structure for Season 5 of Arrested Development, which is set to shoot in August.
Collider: Having finished this season, I was both satisfied and intrigued to see where another season could go. There's some resolution to things with this family, but there's also definitely a feeling of, where do they go next?
JASON BATEMAN: I'm glad you liked it. I'm really, really proud of the way it turned out, and I'm really, really happy with the way the writers wrapped things up in a really restrained way and didn't leave any obnoxious cliffhangers or bait into Season 2. They just ended it. And if people like it enough, maybe we'll put together a sequel and treat it like a second movie.
Is this something where you are game to further explore where this guy could go and where that might take his family next?
BATEMAN: Yeah. It's an interesting thing, or at least it's interesting to me, to explore how much a family can take on and justify and get comfortable with, in the pursuit of security, prosperity, and a next step in the American dream pursued. How much is too far? The intelligent mind can justify a lot of questionable things. They are four bright people. Now that the kids are aware of what's going on, let's see what they can support, too. The danger is that it just starts to decay the typical family dynamic. When you know your mom and dad are doing things that are not idyllic, as far as your desire to defer to a parental ideal, you start to see your parents as peers, perhaps, and that's not the healthiest thing at that early an age. We'll see how all of that unravels, if we go back for another [season].
You act in this, but you're also an executive producer on it and you directed four episodes. When this came your way, were they always open to you wearing more hats?
BATEMAN: I had just finished directing my second film and really wanted to do a third, and I wanted that to be something that would be larger and challenging in scope, scale and responsibility. That's what we were looking for. And when this came my way, it was just for acting and I said, “ I really think the script is incredible, but see if they're open to me not only executive producing the whole show but directing every episode.” The challenge, to me, was in the form of directing a 600-page movie. That got me really excited. And so, I had a long discussion with them and talked them into it. Unfortunately, as we got into scheduling and budgeting, and all that stuff, we couldn't create enough time in pre-production for me to direct all 10 of them, so I just ended up directing the first two and the last two. But that executive producer position gave me an equivalent oversight position to directing film. You're hiring those other directors, you're looking over their cuts, and you're maintaining a certain tone, aesthetic and feel throughout all of the episodes, so that it feels like one film.
This is an interesting guy who initially was guilty by association, but in convincing the drug cartel to spare his life, he becomes a top money launderer. Do you see him as a criminal, or is he just a guy in a really bad situation that seems to just keep getting worse?
BATEMAN: He's kind of in the middle there. He's certainly not without blame. He knew what he was getting into, as you see in the flashback in Episode 8. He is responsible for cutting a corner. He and Wendy decide, “Well, maybe we can get away with this. It's not the worst thing in the world, perhaps.” It's obviously a lot of hubris and arrogance, but I do think that he's a little reluctant. He's doubtful that it can all be perfect, but he's relying on his intelligence to weather any wrinkle in the plan. It just gets to be too much, in the first episode, when it's revealed that Bruce was skimming. Then, he's really gotta dance.
My favorite film of last year was Zootopia, and since it seems like there's still so much to explore in that world, it seems like a sequel would be a no-brainer. Have you heard anything about the possibility of a sequel?
BATEMAN: I haven't. I've seen a couple of things online about people talking about it and chatting about putting it together, but I don't know how real it is. I certainly haven't been approached in any official way. I don't think the financial performance of it, or even the critical performance of it, would make that a fait accompli since they're so good at what they do over there. It's no accident that the majority of their films are really well received, critically and commercially. We'll see. I certainly would love to have another wack at doing some voice work ‘cause I don't know what the hell I'm doing there.
Two candidates in Manitoba's upcoming provincial election — Liberal Jamie Hall and New Democrat Wab Kinew — are facing criticism about the way they've spoken about women in the past.
Jamie Hall, the Manitoba Liberals' newest candidate, is debating whether he'll stay in the election after remarks he posted on social media were called into question on Wednesday.
In a news conference that took place hours after Hall was officially announced as a candidate, the New Democrats called on Hall to step down as the Liberals' Southdale candidate.
These tweets from Hall are among those drawing criticism from the NDP. (@jamieianhall/Twitter) "He refers to women as whores and skanks, among other terms," NDP caucus spokeswoman Sharon Blady told reporters, adding that the Liberals should have caught Hall's remarks before he was nominated.
"I do wonder, you know, what the Liberal Leader [Rana Bokhari] thinks of her candidate. Does she stand beside him in this use of language?" Blady said.
Sharon Blady of the NDP is calling on the provincial Liberals to remove Jamie Hall as a candidate. 1:15 "Anything that we as elected officials or those seeking office say on social media is a reflection not only of our personal values and beliefs but also stands as a reflection of our party's beliefs and values."
Blady said Bokhari should drop Hall as a candidate if he does not step down himself.
Hall apologized for his tweets, but told reporters, "My actions speak louder than my tweets."
Hall said he is not sexist and some of the tweets were meant to be humorous. One, in which he said "feminists are so sexist," was a quote from comedian Bill Maher, he said.
"I have countless friends that are women — my girlfriend, my mother, my sister, my grandmas who are no longer with me — and I am not by any means sexist," he said.
The Manitoba Liberals' newest candidate is debating whether he'll stay in the election race after he was called out for posting remarks on social media that critics say are offensive and derogatory to women. 2:05
At the same time, Hall said he has not decided if he will stay in the election race.
The Manitoba Liberal Party says "all options are on the table" with regard to dealing with Hall's tweets.
The tweets in question
One post from Hall's Twitter account, dated Aug. 17, 2012, asks, "If a whore screams in the bedroom and no one is around to hear it, is she really a whore?"
Another tweet from May 24, 2011, states, "Killin' them with kindness doesn't work if they're born bitches."
Hall stands with Liberal Leader Rana Bokhari in a photo posted on her Facebook page on Tuesday evening. (Rana Bokhari, Manitoba Liberal Party Leader/Facebook)
Critics also pointed to 7 Deadly Women, a novel Hall wrote in 2011.
In a YouTube video promoting the book, the main character describes "seven types of women that I have found to have taken control of my story," including "the slut," the "good girl," "the virgin" and "the crazy bitch." In the novel, he compares explicit sex acts by women to driving a race car.
Hall also maintained a blog about dating. And as a bar promoter, he has filmed videos promoting "sexy ass" female bartenders.
On July 8, 2014, a tweet from Hall's account said, "Best quote I've ever heard about #7deadlywomen, 'You're that guy that wrote that book about f--king … everything."
According to Hall, freedom of expression is one of the greatest benefits of living in the country.
"That's the thing I love about living in Canada is that you can release books that are both creative and pieces of fiction and that you're allowed to have freedom of expression," he said.
"Again, the tweets came from my account. So, anything that came from my account I am very apologetic about it. I take full responsibility."
Still, he will not remove what he posted.
"I would consider that to be very disingenuous, to go through my social media before running and take pieces of me off of the table," he said.
"I am who I am. I've supported women."
Hall was nominated as the Liberal candidate in Southdale, a constituency in Winnipeg, on Tuesday night.
The Liberals described him as a "businessman and technology expert" when they announced his candidacy on Wednesday morning.
Wab Kinew's lyrics
Hall also responded to his critics by pointing to Kinew, the NDP Fort Rouge candidate and former hip-hop artist whose lyrics have referred to women as "bitches" and "whores."
"I don't think the NDP has many legs to stand on in that regard, considering one of their candidates that they have," Hall said.
But Kinew said he acknowledged and apologized for his mistakes in his 2015 book, The Reason You Walk.
"I think I've been very up front about the fact that I've changed the way I view things and recognize there's no place for misogyny … especially given the issue of missing and murdered women and gender-based violence," he said.
"We have to as men step up and let people know that words can be harmful, and the role we have to play in ending gender-based violence and discrimination is to tell other men that it's not OK and that we have to make the public a safe space for everyone."
According to Blady, there's a difference between Kinew's past words and those of Hall.
"The one thing that's different there is that he's taken ownership of them," she said.
"I mean, he's published about it in a book. He's talked about his own personal growth and frankly, the regret. That's about a period of angry youth."
Top U.S. Diplomat: Political Solution to Syrian Civil War Now in Sight
A top State Department official said Tuesday that the chances of crafting a political transition in Syria were better than “at any time during this crisis,” a striking note of optimism given the unrelenting carnage of the country's nearly five-year civil war.
Speaking at Foreign Policy's annual Transformational Trends forum in Washington, D.C., Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken said Russia's military intervention to support the regime of Bashar al-Assad had “ironically” hastened progress toward a potential diplomatic solution to the conflict, which has killed some 250,000 people and sparked the largest refugee crisis since World War II.
Blinken's comments came just weeks after leaders from the United States, Russia, Britain, Iran, and Saudi Arabia met in Vienna to sign a statement in support of a Jan. 1, 2016, deadline for the start of negotiations between the Syrian government and the opposition. The agreement does not yet have buy-in from the Syrian rebels or the Assad regime.
In explaining his optimism, Blinken argued that Moscow's support to Assad, in the form of airstrikes, arms transfers, and financial assistance, has “increased Russia's leverage” over the Syrian strongman whose departure will be necessary to end the conflict. “He owes them,” Blinken said.
He also noted that Russia's intervention in Syria has trapped the Kremlin in a fight that it can't sustain politically, financially, or strategically.
“Russia is perceived now with being in alliance with Assad, Hezbollah, and Iran — and thus against the interests of the vast majority of the Muslim world,” he said.
“The risk there is that its own community, 15 percent of Russia is comprised of Sunni Muslims, will be enraged, and other communities from Central Asia to the Balkans will take it out on Russia,” Blinken said.
This is not the first time a State Department official has gone on record with surprisingly optimistic assessments of the state of the Syrian peace talks. Last month, Secretary of State John Kerry said, “We're weeks away conceivably from the possibility of a big transition for Syria, and I don't think enough people necessarily notice that. But that's the reality.”
Those comments prompted guffaws from critics who noted that any significant diplomatic accomplishment was at best months away, given the logistical challenges of agreeing to a cease-fire and holding elections, much less even forging an agreement between the fractured Syrian opposition.
In his remarks Tuesday, Blinken went on to tout the accomplishments of last month's Syria summit in Vienna, which built momentum behind a cease-fire agreement in Syria, but left the most important problem of the crisis unsolved — the fate of Assad.
Still, Blinken noted that the Vienna talks marked the first time that Iran and Russia had ever agreed on the “need for a political transition in Syria.”
“That's a first,” he said. “We now have, without exaggerating its potential, a greater possibility at achieving a political transition in Syria than we did just a few months ago and arguably at any time during this crisis.”
Photo credit: Chris Maddaloni
Ibrahim Ali remembers his first church service well. The smell of the candles, the cheap plywood pews, and the hymn singing that sounded so foreign to him at the time.
The 57-year-old Muslim Syrian never imagined that when he fled to neighbouring Lebanon to seek refuge from the war that he would end up converting to Christianity.
But Mr Ali is not alone. Hundreds of Muslim refugees living in Lebanon have been baptised in the past year alone.
The situation for refugees in the country - which is hosting more than a million and a half Syrians that make up a quarter of its total population - has become increasingly dire over the course of the six-year conflict.
Some say they converted to benefit from the generous aid distributed by Christian charities, others to help their asylum applications to Europe, the United States, Canada and elsewhere.
Christian converts are more likely to be persecuted in the Middle East than those who stay Muslims, and are thus more eligible for asylum.
Lincoln Towing's lot at 4882 N. Clark Street in Uptown. (Google)
UPTOWN — A North Side alderman said he's fed up with Lincoln Towing after another alleged dustup with a tow truck driver, even going so far as to threaten to seize its Uptown tow yard for redevelopment.
Ald. Ameya Pawar (47th), whose ward includes Lincoln Towing's yard at 4882 N. Clark St., made his comments in response to complaints made after an Oct. 13 concert at the Aragon Ballroom, a night that saw a line of angry people waiting to get their towed cars back ... and even a fistfight.
Pawar said his office receives regular complaints about the towing company and he believes it's a “bad operator” in the community.
RELATED: Lincoln Towing Driver Knocks Man Off 16-Foot Ladder To Take Truck: Charges
“When I first took office we had an issue with them towing from lots they didn't have a right to tow from,” Pawar said. “As alderman it's my job to promote business, but this is one business that doesn't deserve representation. They're bad actors; they're just an outrageous operator and I'm looking at every option available in order to strike back.”
The alderman said there's a real need for towing companies because illegal parking can be a serious problem for businesses, their customers and employees, but Lincoln Towing's history exemplifies a habitual tendency to play by its own rules.
Mark Schipper details the chaotic scene after the concert:
With a plan to redevelop that stretch of Clark Street in the near future, Pawar said there are ways to forcibly purchase the land from which Lincoln Towing operates.
“I don't like putting that on the table, and I wouldn't under any other circumstances, but they're just a bad business and haven't made any attempts to work with the community in any reasonable way,” Pawar said.
“I actually have never said this as alderman, but I would not be sad to see Lincoln Towing go. In fact, I think it would be an addition to the community. If there's anything we can do to accelerate it, we will.”
Ald. Ameya Pawar
Lincoln Towing officials didn't return calls for comment on the alderman's comments or the alleged problems after the Oct. 13 "Bring Me the Horizon" concert at the Aragon.
According to a police report and witnesses, a man driving a tow truck from Lincoln's Clark Street lot allegedly attacked an 18-year-old man with a billy club, threw his bicycle onto the street and almost ran him over with his tow truck at the towing yard.
This was after witnesses said the same driver screamed and cursed at a long line of customers, at least one of whom said she was towed illegally, even allegedly using racial slurs in a tirade.
The trouble began after the concert when Aragon patrons found their cars gone. A large crowd gathered at the Clark Street lot to retrieve their cars, witnesses told DNAinfo Chicago.
RELATED: Man Stranded On Roof While Lincoln Towing Takes His Truck
Becca McDermott, of Kenosha, Wis,, was one of them. She estimated that at its peak, the line had about 75 people. They queued up around the towing yard to get their cars and witnessed verbal and physical aggression by the tow truck driver, she said.
“He was just unbelievable, he was screaming at us: ‘F--- you guys,' he was calling people the n-word. And like referring to people as, ‘Hey, white boy, come here,' and then I remember he picked one guy, randomly, and said, ‘You can go last,' just because," McDermott recounted. "He just felt that was an appropriate thing to do."
"Then he was saying things like, ‘I make $10,000 off of dumb a----- like you, none of you guys are getting your f----- cars tonight. We're closed, go home,'” she added.
But it wasn't until a little after midnight, when the driver allegedly assaulted an 18-year-old man, that police were called, according to a police report.
Lincoln Towing has had several run-ins with police. Officers in September cited a driver for allegedly towing cars illegally.
Later that month, a driver and his brother were charged with felony battery by the Cook County State's Attorney Office. In that incident in Belmont Cragin, the two were charged after they allegedly knocked down a ladder as a man tried to descend from the roof to prevent them from towing his truck. The man's leg was broken when he crashed to the ground, and another man was left stranded on the roof, prosecutors said.
At the Uptown towing yard after the concert, people in line were starting to talk about calling the police on the Lincoln Towing employee.
When he heard them, he said, "Call them. The cops aren't going to do anything. They don't care,” said McDermott, backed up by an 18-year-old man who was cycling that night and stopped to see why the crowd had gathered.
The cyclist, who asked not to be identified, confirmed what McDermott said about the driver causing a scene.
RELATED: Lincoln Towing In Hot Water for Unauthorized Towing
“Everyone was cold, it was in the low 40s that day,” the cyclist said. “Everyone was having a problem with this guy.”
The cyclist said he tried to talk the tow truck driver into letting some women in line get into their cars to stay warm as they waited for the slow process of paying fees and clearing vehicles. He said he was asking why they weren't allowed to sit in their heated cars with the tow yard's gate closed so they couldn't drive off.
“The guy went nuts. He shouts, ‘Get off my property,' grabs me, shoves me, grabbed a billy club, punched me in the chest. I laid a couple into him, in the face, and then this big boy with a baseball bat comes out and tries to stop it. They tried to close the [tow yard] gate while I was in there, to keep me in there,” the cyclist said.
When he disengaged from the fistfight and stepped out onto the sidewalk, the tow truck driver charged out, grabbed the cyclist's bike and tossed it into the street, according to the cyclist and McDermott.
Then he grabbed the cyclist's backpack and did the same thing, hurling it onto Clark Street, they said. A minute later he roared through the gates in his tow truck and would have run over the cyclist if he had not jumped out of the way, according to the cyclist and witnesses.
“From what I saw, the guy working was behind the gate, and he made the decision to come out and fight,” said McDermott.
“[The driver] made a point to come out and swing at him. He threw [the cyclist's] bike in the street, threw his bag in the street, and then almost hit him with his truck. If he hadn't moved, he would've hit him,” she said.
According to the Chicago Police report of the incident, officers responding to the call a little after midnight on Oct. 14 made note of the bicycle and bag in the middle of Clark Street when they arrived. Police are treating the incident as a case of simple battery and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
Several employees of Lincoln Towing allegedly first told police they didn't know the truck driver. Then they allegedly identified him only by a first name. They refused an officer's request to call the driver back to the yard to be interviewed about the fight, according to the police report.
Both the cyclist and McDermott said they were present when Lincoln employees claimed not to know the driver of the vehicle.
“They were saying, ‘I don't even know this person, we have so many people out we don't know who you're talking about,'” the cyclist recounted.
According to McDermott, “A few of us went up there and said, ‘Oh, b.s. c'mon, you did not miss that, you saw that,' and that's when they finally said [his name]. But that's all they'd give us.”
It's unclear whether the police ever tracked down the tow truck driver. No one has been charged in the case.
Eventually, the scene on Clark Street cleared, with the towed cars being slowly processed and driven away. McDermott said her vehicle never was illegally parked, though she said she could not recall exactly where she had parked.
“I know for a fact where I parked with my friend there were no signs posted. I asked security guards if there were signs, and they said, no. So technically it was illegally towed. Other groups said there had been a sign that said ‘free parking' where they all parked, but when they went back the sign was taken down, which sounded shifty to me.”
After police officers left, the woman running the front desk called McDermott and her friend over and asked if they had filed a police report. When McDermott said 'not yet', the woman said they could take the car without paying the towing fee, they said.
It took several minutes before the woman at the desk realized there never had been any paperwork filed for towing McDermott's car.
“It wasn't even reported there,” McDermott said. “But we're there looking right at it, and we pushed the little button on the key to show that's our car, that's 100 percent our car, and they had no report they had even towed that vehicle or where from.”
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Share
Valve Software updated SteamVR on Wednesday to include three general changes and fixes, improvements and additions to Compositor, and around 10 HTC Vive-specific updates, feature additions, and so on. However, the big news with the update could be the added support for asynchronous reprojection for the entire SteamVR community after first appearing in a beta in late October.
If you are not familiar with this tech, consider that rendering a frame for each eye at an undetected rate multiple times a second to suspend reality takes a lot of computing power. If the base hardware cannot handle the output, then the framerate drops and the illusion breaks. The whole point of virtual reality is to suspend disbelief and jump into a realm or scenario that is currently impossible or unobtainable, and a broken framerate can ruin that.
However, virtual reality requires the imagery to be rendered at 90 frames per second for each eye to prevent visual discomfort (aka motion sickness). Keep in mind that not only is the connected PC working to render the specific environment, but also keeping track of the user's head to alter that environment to match the user's line of sight. In other words, there is a lot of computational work going on behind the scenes.
But some hardware configurations struggle to keep that pace, dropping frames each second like a child running with an overflowing basket on Halloween. To fill the framerate holes created by underpowered hardware and retain the 90 FPS rate, asynchronous reprojection grabs an older, already-used frame and alters it to match the current head-tracking data before rendering it on the screen if the rate dips below 90 frames per second.
Previously, Valve Software implemented interleaved reprojection into SteamVR as a temporary fix, which limited the base rendering to 45 frames per second and re-rendered every other frame to meet the 90 frames per second requirement. This worked great in regard to keeping up with the user's head tracking but had a negative impact in performance regarding animations and positional movement.
Thus, the difference between the two is that interleaved is locked and automatically re-renders every other frame whereas asynchronous alters an old frame to match the current head data on-the-fly when the framerate dips. The result of the latter is a smooth and comfortable experience overall given that frame rates will quickly fluctuate whether the PC meets the minimum requirements or not.
The new support for asynchronous reprojection currently only works on graphics chips provided by Nvidia using driver version 372.54 or newer; AMD graphics chips are not compatible with this version. The feature can also be manually disabled if needed in the Performance section of the SteamVR settings by unchecking “Allow asynchronous reproduction.”
Here are additional notes regarding the asynchronous reprojection feature provided by Valve:
If you have a Vexing card at a Problem, and
an opponent is about to confront that Problem, then
you can choose to retire the Vexing card to your discard pile from play.
If you do? Then they don't confront the Problem that turn!
Equestrian Odysseys is the start of a new block, and with the new gameplay fun comes some new color-focused keywords for each of the six colors in My Little Pony CCG. Some of our old friends like, Swift and Caretaker, might show up again, but for now you'll be seeing a lot more Competitive and Calming.We'll take a look at those six keywords, plus Vexing, below the break!Competitive is Blue's new keyword, and as you can see on Scootaloo above, Competitive X means the card gets X more power while involved in a faceoff. Naturally, you'll see Competitive on characters like Scootaloo, Rainbow Dash, Gilda, and Soarin, the types of ponies (and griffons) that love to win.Hardworking Orange gets Diligent, with Diligent X meaning that if you win a faceoff involving a Diligent X card, you can put X +1 power counters on that card. The counters stick around until the card is dismissed or frightened, just like a Resource would. This usually means the +1 counters are a permanent power increase! Applejack and Granny Smith are two more characters that have Diligent in Equestrian Odysseys.Ponies like Pinkie Pie, Berry Punch, and the Cake foals are good examples of playful Eccentric characters around Ponyville. Eccentric X means that opponents need to have +X power to confront the Problem the Eccentric card is hanging out at, thanks to their rambunctious style of problem-solving causing minor hijinks for your opponent to overcome.Meticulous is a great word for how Twilight Sparkle handles things like books, checklists, friendships, and even just a trip to the town square. Meticulous X means that you start your turn by looking at the top X cards of your deck, and then you put them either on the top or bottom of your deck, giving you serious power over the cards you'll be drawing in each game and setting yourself up to win faceoffs!White's new keyword is Showy, which is a natural keyword for both Rarity AND Prince Blueblood. Poor Rarity... Anyway, Showy X means that opponents must pay +X action tokens to move characters to the Problem that the Showy card is currently at, slowing down your opponent's ability to move freely around the game board.Who knew that bears could be calming? Calming X means that when an opponent's Friend enters play at the same Problem as your Calming character, the opponent's Friend gets -X power until the end of that turn. Fluttershy, Junebug, and the Cake parents are good examples of Calming influences you'll find in Equestrian Odysseys.And finally we come to Vexing, which can be found on cards in ANY color of MLP: CCG, such as Rage Face in Blue and Purple's own Saving the Day. Cards can have other abilities in addition to Vexing, though in this case we're just talking about Vexing itself.Vexing is slightly more in depth than the other six, so let's take it one step at a time:To clarify, a Vexing Resource is "at a Problem" if it is attached to a character at the Problem (like for Rage Face, which says "Play on a Friend"), or played directly ON the Problem (like Saving the Day, which says "Play on a Problem").Vexing means that traditionally aggressive colors like Blue can find an extra dash of control for their decks beyond just playing Troublemakers, and control decks have all new tools to try out in their gameplan!You'll be seeing plenty more of these seven keywords throughout this new block of MLP: CCG, which includes Equestrian Odysseys, High Magic, and the mysterious "Set 7." Stay tuned for more news and card spoilers for EO as we get closer and closer to prerelease weekend!
Vice President Joe Biden has called current campus consent policies "tricky," but is apparently still just fine with using them to brand students as rapists.
Biden, speaking at a Domestic Violence Awareness Month roundtable on Thursday, said that current "yes-means-yes" — or affirmative consent — policies can be "tricky," despite his continuous insistence that schools do more to curb an alleged epidemic of campus sexual assault.
"The cultural norms make it still kind of hard to say, 'Yes, I'd like you to kiss me,' or 'Yes, I'd like you to do that,'" Biden said, according to veteran journalist and Washington Editor for PJ Media Bridget Johnson. "So it's still tricky."
Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2574118/
Biden seems to be acknowledging just how unrealistic yes-means-yes policies are, yet the Obama administration is doing nothing to halt their spread. Biden is the second person in recent days to be confused by the policy his administration's hysterical claims have created. In San Francisco, a woman who writes the lesson plans for teaching yes-means-yes policies couldn't definitively tell students how the policies work.
If two people who are immersed in the creation and implementation of these policies can't figure them out, how are college kids supposed to navigate them?
Yes means requires both participants (in theory, in practice, only the man is responsible) to obtain active, ongoing consent throughout a sexual encounter. It seems reasonable when put in those terms, but in reality, the policy makes rape the default position of sexual encounters unless one follows the policy to the letter.
And following the policy to the letter — to at least attempt to obtain peace of mind during a sexual encounter — requires sex to become a question-and-answer session, as Biden described above. Of course, even then, unless the accused person has proof such an exchange occurred, they can still be accused. Such is the case for Drew Sterrett, who claims he explicitly asked his accuser if she wanted to have sex, received a "yes" and was still later accused.
Similarly, in Tennessee, a judge ruled that universities can't shift the burden of proof onto accused students to prove that a crime didn't occur.
But don't expect Biden and the White House to stop touting policies that result in the evisceration of rights for accused students while providing no evidence such policies have had any effect in reducing sexual assault.
By LJ Rich
BBC Click
Parcel Genie works with Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter The saying "keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer" could be in need of an update. We already know not to share our pin number, but if you don't know all of your friends that well, would you be happy to give them your home address? With the popularity of social networking sites we now have more friends than ever. But online social friendships have the same issues as those in real life. For example, most people would not want to share their sort code and account number with just anyone. Paypal has been so successful because it offers a service which retains bank details securely. Last year, it handled around one in six online transactions. But, when it comes to actually receiving goods through a site like eBay, you still have to give out your real address to a stranger. This problem is now being addressed by a number of companies offering a service where mail can be sent without ever needing to know its final destination. There's an increasing interlinking between your electronic world and your real world, and I think that that's going to inevitably progress
John Taylor, CEO of Parcel Genie Most sites tend to be American, and only work within US borders, but Parcel Genie, which was also one of the first to market, now operates across 40 countries. Choose a gift from its site and to get it to the right person all you need is a friend's Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn username. Stalker proof? Prospective cyber-stalkers take note, you can only send to your followers or friends. And only after they have given you permission. "I think it's that instantaneous ability to say something and do something which we all enjoy currently in all sorts of other ways," says John Taylor, head of Parcel Genie. "People do have a reticence about sharing really deeply personal information but you can see with some of the moves by some of the big social networks that there's an increasing interlinking between your electronic world and your real world, and I think that that's going to inevitably progress," he said. Send Social labels do not disclose personal details to members But, fun as it is to choose gifts from a catalogue to send to online buddies, what happens when you want to send something more specific? Start-up Send Social is UK-wide so far, and goes beyond just gifting, allowing you to send and receive any package. "The only piece of information you see is the information you already know - that might be a Facebook name, a Twitter id or e-mail address," says Jonathan Grubin, head of Send Social. "Everything else is never disclosed. If you're using eBay, for example, Send Social not only protects your identity, but I think it's just an easier way of doing what you already do." The idea works by using a special label which is unreadable to members but understood by partnering delivery companies - allowing you to send whatever you want from your house with a label. One of these partners is Bybox. Ten years ago it started out as a drop box service - where delivery companies could leave customers' products that had been ordered from online retailers. ByBox now operates a network of locker boxes around the UK, and deliver box-to-box, rather than door-to-door. When an item is delivered you receive a text message with a code that you can use to access the Bybox Dan Turner, co-founder of Bybox, says that when the company changed its approach, the business only had enough money to keep it going for three weeks. "We always believed the Bybox was perfectly suited to the busy modern world where people weren't at home anymore waiting to receive a delivery - internet shopping was going crazy." "When we started the business we felt that one day the concept of the delivery address would be replaced by an e-mail - just like Send Social are doing now," he says. These services are really just beginning, relying on local partnerships in other countries. Far from actually destroying our privacy, the internet could be developing meaningful ways of safeguarding it. And although the infrastructure is not quite there yet, an e-mail address could be all you need to send something halfway round the world.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CC-licensed photo by Joohyun Jeon
Apple appears to be building a large, distributed helpdesk operation, either in anticipation of a major new product, or simply to sustain the company's growing popularity.
Apple this summer is recruiting about 450 “At Home” technical support staff in at least six cities across the U.S., according to a document seen by Cultofmac.com.
Instead of locating these workers in a centralized call center, they will work out of their own homes.
“As a company who's motto is ‘think different,' our ‘work different' philosophy offers you the opportunity to work independently in your home office,” the job ads said. “You will receive all the wonderful benefits of working for an amazing company without ever leaving your home.”
Virtual call centers are a growing trend in the support industry. Most tech companies' have helpdesk operations that are partly home based, while companies like JetBlue and Sears are entirely virtual.
“It's a huge trend right now,” said Allison Wroe, executive director of marketing at HDI, a support industry association. “It offers companies lower overhead, and staff have great job satisfaction.”
Maggie Klenke, a partner at The Call Center School in Lebanon, Tennessee, which offers training and consulting services, said 10 to 15 percent of all helpdesks are now virtual.
Klenke said the big advantage is that companies like Apple can recruit highly specialized staff without having to find them all in one city.
“Tech support is particularly good for this application because it's so hard to find an army of people with those kinds of skills all clustered in one community,” she said. “You can get the cream of the crop instead of the average high school graduate and trying to train them. I see it as a real plus.”
Apple plans to recruit 150 At Home staff every month from July through September, in and around Orlando, Florida; Charlotte, North Carolina; Cincinnati, Ohio; and Orem, Utah; among other cities.
Apple has been advertising for “Apple At Home Experts” on Apple's website and at various online job sites like Monster.com, Yahoo HotJobs and MySpace Jobs.
According to the ads, applicants need a private and quiet workspace; an ergonomically fitted chair and desk; a dedicated phone line; and an internet connection (both of which would be subsidized by Apple).
“Mac and macOS experience strongly preferred,” the ads said.
The ads were live on Apple's website and various job boards until the end of last week, but are now unavailable. Here's one that expired last week. There are copies however in Google's cache, like this ad at Monster.com, this Yahoo ad, this listing at Simply Hired and this link at Indeed.
Apple declined to comment.
Klenke said Apple is most likely extending its helpdesk operations because of the growing popularity of its products.
She said it might be possible that Apple is ramping up for a new iPhone –œ widely expected this summer — or another new product.
“If it's as popular as the iPhone, they're going to need an army of support people to support it,” she said.
Apple has call centers in Elk Grove, just outside of Sacramento, California, and in Austin, Texas. (The Elk Grove center has drawn comparisons to Mike Judge's satirical “Office Space”).
A home-based helpdesk seems to be a new direction for the company.
In 2006, Apple abandoned a plan to build a giant call center in Bangalore, India. Apple planned to hire 3,000 support staff but pulled back because of cost concerns, according to reports. India isn't as cheap as it used to be.
Plus, Indian tech support has received mixed reports. But Wroe said the support industry in India is doing something right –œ it's still growing rapidly.
“Onshore, offshore, outsourced or virtual, you get what you pay for,” she said.
“The thing about Apple is, they are known for their phenomenal support,” added Wroe. “I love calling them.”
The Rickie Lambert story makes for a better football film than many commissioned on the subject, even with a plot-line that stretches the bounds of credibility.
We have rejection by his boyhood idols at 15 and fighting back from the bottom of football's pyramid while working in a beetroot factory to make ends meet. There is the symmetry of his personal redemption at a club seeking its own salvation, a Wembley winner on an international debut against the country's historic rivals and finally – or the next chapter at least – rejoining those same boyhood idols as his parents dissolve into tears. It is a genuine football fairytale and it is hard to strip away the emotion attached to Lambert's Liverpool transfer. Mercifully, Lambert has done that himself.
“There isn't much sentiment in football and I don't think this move is anything to do with that,” he said on switching from Southampton. He is correct. There can be no sentiment in Brendan Rodgers' pursuit of that elusive Premier League title.
Lambert is not the marquee signing with the extravagant price-tag many would anticipate from a club aiming to make the small but monumental step from second to first in the Premier League. He is not the young, unpolished gem that Fenway Sports Group, Liverpool's owners, have usually targeted since Rodgers became manager two years ago. There is little resale value in a 32-year-old nor is he an obvious choice for a Liverpool frontline blessed with phenomenal pace. And yet Lambert's arrival makes sense on several counts for Liverpool.
For £4.5m plus add-ons (Champions League appearances, trophies etc) the club has acquired an England international with a proven Premier League record of goals and assists – a player who scored or assisted 23 of Southampton's 54 league goals last season. It is simply a bonus that his allegiance is unquestioned and that his release by Liverpool 17 years ago sparked a mission to prove people wrong, one that has not slowed with Championship, Premier League or even international recognition. On top of that he has been signed early.
Lambert was the joint-fourth highest scoring English player in the Premier League last season alongside his new captain, Steven Gerrard. Top of that list was Daniel Sturridge, another new team-mate. There are now six Liverpool players in the England World Cup squad and Rodgers hopes to make it seven provided Southampton relent on their refusal to sell Adam Lallana for £25m. The Liverpool manager may be cornering the market in a pool of talent with low expectations in Brazil but the rapport they develop is to the benefit of a coach with firm belief in British players.
Liverpool had the Premier League's finest two forwards in Sturridge and Luis Suárez last season. Beyond that, however, there was only Iago Aspas, the 26-year-old who struggled to adapt to English football and is available for transfer 12 months after his £7m arrival from Celta Vigo. Rodgers had few match-changing options available on the rare occasions Suárez's or Sturridge's contribution dipped during the title run-in, or when Liverpool ran out of patience in that defining home defeat by Chelsea.
“The late twist of fate will not be lost on Rodgers” was one of the Guardian's five talking points from that game, focusing on Aspas's meagre contribution compared with that of the Chelsea substitute Willian, one of the many who escaped Liverpool's transfer clutches last summer. In Lambert, the manager now has proven support for his formidable forward line, not a risk in need of time and opportunity to develop.
Lambert will require patience in competition with Suárez and Sturridge for a first team place at Anfield. That can test any player accustomed to a regular starting role, even one who has sealed a dream transfer, although the added demands on Liverpool next season as Champions League qualifiers increase the prospect of rotation. The striker's wide-ranging experience should also help.
“I think I am prepared mentally now for almost anything,” he said on becoming Liverpool's first signing of the summer on Monday. “I've had a long career, I've experienced a lot – a lot of ups and downs – and I believe I am at a time in my life now where anything that happens, I can enjoy, get the most out of it and adapt to it.”
As for his role in Rodgers' plans for next season, Lambert added: “He knows what the club means to me. I think he sees what he can benefit from by signing me and he knows I'll be trying my best every minute I play for this club. I'm not sure what role he has for me – he hasn't gone into great detail right now – but I will be speaking to him very shortly.”
Lambert's signing signals a departure in transfer policy for FSG, who did not back Rodgers to the hilt when he wanted to sign Clint Dempsey, 29 years old at the time, from Fulham in 2012. It underlines what the manager's new contract has already confirmed. They have no cause to doubt him now.
There is also a managerial shift evident in the striker's transfer. Rodgers stated frequently during his first two years at Anfield that plan B was to make plan A better and now he clearly has a different problem to pose opposition defenders, although it is a gross exaggeration to suggest that Liverpool will change their style because of Lambert. Southampton were not exactly an aerial, wing-hugging team under Mauricio Pochettino and Lambert's touch, creativity and range of goals have often been overlooked, though not any more. He is back under the fierce Liverpool spotlight, which is the only place he has ever wanted to be.
Good Monday morning to you. Blogging quickly from my iPhone.
I have no update on Mikko Koivu's injury yet, but he has been placed on injured reserve after taking a shot to the foot Saturday. Erik Haula has been called up. Koivu will have to miss at least a week and almost certainly longer, and this is obviously concerning news for a team already devastated by injury.
The Wild says it will have a further update on Koivu later after he sees the docs this morning. He joins Zach Parise and Jared Spurgeon on injured reserve with foot injuries.
Down to six defensemen, Jon Blum has been called up. I don't know for sure yet if that means the Wild will assign Matt Dumba to Portland of the Western Hockey League. GM Chuck Fletcher said yesterday that a decision will likely come today.
Josh Harding has also been placed on injured reserve. Hopefully, a further update is coming later.
The Wild practices today at 2 pm PT, so update will be way later, so be patient.
The going is really getting tough now for the Wild.
In other news, Ryan Suter was named the NHL's Third Star of the Week behind Carolina's Jeff Skinner and St. Louis' Brian Elliott:
Suter led all defensemen with four goals and tied for first among
blueliners with six points as the Wild (22-17-5, 49 points) won two of
three games to move into fourth place in the Central Division. He scored
his second goal of the season in a 2-1 loss to the St. Louis Blues Dec. 31.
Suter followed that up with two assists, his third multi-assist/point game
of the season, in a 4-1 victory over the Buffalo Sabres Jan. 2. He capped
the week by recording his first career hat trick (on three shots on goal)
in a 5-3 win over the Washington Capitals Jan. 4, becoming the first
defenseman in Wild history to tally three goals in a game and first
blueliner on any team to do so since March 20, 2011 (P.K. Subban). The
28-year-old Madison, Wis., native has 5-24—29 in 44 games this season and
leads all skaters in time on ice (1,305:45) and time on ice per game
(29:40).
As expected, Nino Niederreiter has made Team Switzerland for the Sochi Olympics.
"I'm really happy I got selected and that I'm a part of," he said via text. "I think we're going to have a really strong team."
More later.
My Experience From The Stands: U.S. Men's National Team takes Down Panama 4-0
Did you notice our absence during the weekend match against San Francisco? One of the big reasons we decided against providing content for that match was due to the fact that we would not really be in attendance. Matthew Bunch was in Tallahassee for the “Rally In Tally” where the Hurricanes football team took down Florida State (finally). I was in Orlando for the final home match of World Cup Qualifying for the U.S. Men's National Team. So in something that's a bit off the rails from what we normally do, let's provide you a recap of that match just in case you forgot the feelings of Friday night.
Getting to Orlando was a mess. We definitely left later than intended but we finally packed up the car and headed north on the turnpike a little before 2pm. After a few rest stops and a massive accident, I got to see a side of Florida that is rarely ever seen. Taking a back road for a good 60 miles outside Orlando until we reached Lake Nona, there was a sense of tranquility and peacefulness on that two lane highway through the middle of nowhere. Thankfully we skirted around the Orlando rush hour traffic and arrived at the stadium at about 6:45pm (45 minutes before kickoff).
I purchased six tickets for our group the day tickets went on sale to the public. Getting inside the new stadium proved to be incredibly difficult. Multiple ticket scanners were broken and security seemed to not care about expediting the process. Finally, after waiting over thirty minutes in line we entered the stadium during the second minute of play. We were able to lock down half of row K in section 30 just inside the north technical area. To say we were surrounded by fans of the Panamanian national team would be an understatement.
Road warriors
We were outnumbered. To the left and in front of us there were numerous groups of supporters for the visitors. The last two rows of the section had a small USA contingent of support. The fun began a few minutes later than Jozy Altidore cleverly knocked an incoming ball forward to Pulisic who was off to the races. The baby-faced wonder-kid scurried around a sliding Roman Torres and took a Messi like touch around the goalkeeper and put in the first goal on a difficult angle.
The crowd was deafening after that finish. “The Wall” erupted and every single U.S. supporter was on their feet and chanting away to Seven Nation Army. Panamanian fans could only stand there in shock looking for a way back in the game. Unfortunately for them, the USMNT kept the pressure coming. All the work and possession would pay off as the roles would reverse and Pulisic set up Jozy Altidore for the second goal of the night. Pulisic found himself on the top left corner of the technical area, making a nifty move around his marker he sent in a threatening cross that landed perfectly for Altidore and his tap in made the stadium erupt even louder than the first.
Paul Arriola found himself in a very similar position to Pulisic just after Jozy's goal. The Panama goalkeeper came up with a great save to deny the US going up three early on. The next couple of chances came for Panama as they forced Tim Howard to make two great saves to keep the US ahead by two. Wood and Altidore would both have amazing chances but Panama's keeper would be up to the task again.
It all came crashing down for Panama in the 42nd minute as Bobby Wood got taken down in the area from behind. After a lengthy wait to take the penalty thanks to the referee sorting out matters, I yelled out for Altidore to just chip the keeper right down the middle and send the stadium into bedlam. As I type this for you, I promise you that there was not a snowball's chance in hell that he heard me from the opposite side of the stadium. I look at the run up and immediately realize he's going for the Panenka, right down the middle. The U.S. was up three and the stadium knew the game was sealed at that very moment.
Game over
That was probably the straw that broke the camel's back for the supporting contingent of Panama. The witty back and forth conversations became personal and the insults began to fly. Being in the pressbox while covering Miami FC has shielded me from the rowdiness that could go on in the stands when the rout is on. The last time I took in a game from the stands was in that exact same stadium as Miami F.C. enjoyed a rout of their own. In that match, the exact same witted conversations between Orlando supporters and I became a barrage of insults at myself, the NASL, and Miami.
Back to Friday, Panamanian fans grew incensed at the fact that my group spoke spanish rooting for the U.S. Many of them clearly under the influence of a few drinks, tried to trigger my group in hopes for coming away with something “positive” for the night. As the game went on, they continued and with each passing U.S. chance on net the insults flew even louder. We were in our own little Estadio Fernandez in the heart of Santa Clara.
Bobby Wood just missed the net in the 62nd minute with his curler going just wide. In the 63rd minute, he would find the sweet spot and bury his chance at net on a turn around shot that beat the Panamanian goalkeeper. The 25,303 in attendance lost their collective minds and had every right in doing so. The U.S. was just now minutes away from essentially earning their place in Russia despite what was viewed as a poor qualifying campaign.
Cuatro a cero was all she wrote for that evening in Orlando and made the trek from Miami seem even more worthwhile. I consider myself very lucky to have been able to attend seven USMNT matches over the past six years. It all started with a game at now Hard Rock Stadium on a rainy Saturday with maybe 10,000 people in attendance. During this campaign, I have found myself in the stands for a 6-1 performance in the second round of qualifying over St. Vincent and the Grenadines, a 4-0 beatdown of Trinidad & Tobago in Jacksonville last September, and now this 4-0 win in Orlando. Over 43,000 showed up in St. Louis and over 19,000 in Jacksonville on a Tuesday. This 25,303 felt like 50,000 and I have no doubt that the USMNT will be returning to Florida very soon.
Yesterday the House voted on Justin Amash and John Conyers' amendment to defund the NSA's mass collection of American phone records. The measure failed, but it failed by a surprisingly narrow vote, and that margin is making some Republicans nervous. One of the nervous Republicans, to judge from Aaron Blake's report this evening in the Washington Post, is New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie:
Asked whether he includes [Rand] Paul—a fellow potential 2016 presidential candidate—in his criticism, Christie didn't back down. "You can name any one of them that's engaged in this," he said.
Blake notes that Christie "also praised the national security strategies of both President Obama and George W. Bush." You can add that to the evidence for something Glenn Greenwald wrote earlier today:
The worst policies to come out of Washington tend to have bipartisan support. Here's hoping Amash/Conyers is a step toward a transpartisan opposition.
Recently, during a training session for my work sector in a Muslim-majority country, a white American male associate started a discussion on gender development projects. “There's still so much oppression that these women have to endure,” he lectured. “We have to take initiative to start these female projects, and we have to start by going to the local authorities – who will be male – and helping them see these issues.”
As a woman of color intersectional feminist, I was immediately on edge and on guard at these words.
The familiar feelings began creeping in – frustration curling my fists and fear slithering down my spine. However, despite all that I wanted to scream about imperialism, imposition, paternalism, sustainability, and power dynamics, I simply took a deep breath and tackled one small aspect of his hugely problematic oration. “Well,” I said, trying to keep my voice steady, “You know, there are local authorities who are not men.” The man smiled indulgently at me. “Gender roles are different here, sweetheart,” he said. “Males have more power than females. I mean, you must understand. Isn't it like that in your culture, too?”
This is Imperial Feminism, also known more accurately as Gendered Orientalism.
This is the kind of “feminism” that centers white narratives and strips away the agency of women of color. It places the West on a pedestal of gender empowerment, and thus ignores the systemic misogyny of Western nations.
It generalizes non-Western cultures. It promotes the dual image of the scary brown man and the white savior. This is the “feminism” of white people (especially, but not only, men) trying to save women of color. It appropriates women's rights movements in the service of paternalism and empire.
This is why we need intersectionality: to fight against oppressive ideologies that use and abuse the idea of justice to perpetuate injustices. We must not let people get away with exploiting ideas of gender equality in order to enable racism.
Peter Hummelgaard (S). Foto: Jens Nørgaard Larsen / Scanpix
Hvis Tyrkiet ikke får visumfrihed inden oktober, skrottes aftale med EU, siger Tyrkiets udenrigsminister.
Hvis ikke EU lever op til sin del af aftalen om at tillade visafri indrejse for alle tyrkere i EU inden oktober i år, vil Tyrkiet skrotte migrantaftalen, der blev indgået i marts.
Det siger den tyrkiske udenrigsminister, Mevlüt Cavusoglu, men det får hverken Socialdemokraterne eller Dansk Folkeparti til at ryste i bukserne.
Hellere ingen aftale end at give tyrkerne visumfrihed før tid, lyder det.
- Tyrkerne skal først leve op til en lang række demokratiske principper. Så efter min mening skal EU ikke bøje sig for det krav, siger Peter Hummelgaard Thomsen, der er EU-ordfører for Socialdemokraterne.
Migrantaftalen betyder blandt andet, at enhver migrant, der er sejlet fra Tyrkiet til de græske øer, bliver sendt tilbage.
Det skal ikke være et spil
Aftalen har reduceret tilstrømningen markant, men ifølge Peter Hummelgaard Thomsen er det vigtigere, at Tyrkiet lever op til de demokratiske krav for at få visumfrihed, end det er at give fri indrejse blot for at sikre, at aftalen holder.
- De fængsler rask væk journalister, folk får en dårlig retsproces i forbindelse med deres tilbageholdelse, og der er forlydender om tortur i fængslerne mod påståede kupmagere, siger han.
- Vi skal passe på med, at det ikke hele tiden bliver et spil, hvor man giver flere og flere indrømmelser. Erdoğan (Tyrkiets præsident, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, red.) er godt klar over, at det er en afgørende aftale, men den er lige så afgørende for Tyrkiets evne til at finansiere de tre millioner syriske flygtninge, som opholder sig i landet, siger han.
Aftalen er næsten ligegyldig
Hos Dansk Folkeparti vil EU-ordfører Kenneth Kristensen Berth ikke anerkende, at aftalen med Tyrkiet har været årsag til, at flygtningestrømmen er reduceret markant.
- Så længe folk, der rejser fra Tyrkiet til Grækenland, ikke kan komme længere end til Grækenland, tror jeg, at strømmen vil være relativt begrænset. Og så er det sådan set ligegyldigt, om der er en aftale med Tyrkiet eller ej, siger han.
Derfor bliver han ikke nervøs, når den tyrkiske udenrigsminister nu sætter tidsfrist på aftalen.
- Tyrkerne kan godt rasle med sablen, men jeg er ikke nervøs. Det er en misforståelse, at det er op til Tyrkiet ligesom en vandhane at åbne og lukke for tilstrømningen, siger Kenneth Kristensen Berth fra Dansk Folkeparti.
Ben Regimbal talked a little about his career and art.
Intro
Hi! I spent the better part of my career in the game industry making characters, and now I have moved on to work on 3D illustration and toys.
Starting a Business
I wanted to be a better artist and I felt that in every company I worked at, I had to spend more time doing paperwork, meetings, or fixing things, thфn actually making characterі. I was young then, almost 2 decades ago I suppose.
Character Art
It just felt right, everything begins with characters for me, that's just what interests me.
Series of Low Poly Scenes
Daily life was the illustration that started this series. It illustrated our daily life. It just felt natural to see how other people live their life as well. That's why I made more. I still have a few more to do before I finish the book.
Production
I make small thumbnail sketches on paper to begin with, see what works and interests me, then move on to a quick Photoshop sketch. Then in Max, set my camera and start blocking.
Low Poly Aesthetics
Finding the balance is the key, I think. You don't want too much detail that you eyes can't focus on. You want the viewer to slowly realize how much stuff you manage to cram into one image.
Materials
I like things to be warm, comfortable. Every edge is flat and sharp, the light will hit it strongly, the color I choose have to work well with that.
Choosing 3DS Max
I chose it because I feel comfortable with it. It works for me, always have. I tried other tools many times, but I always come back to it.
I think it doesn't really matter now, low poly, high poly. As long as it looks interesting, that is fine for me.
Ben Regimbal, Art Director
Interview conducted by Kirill Tokarev.
Follow 80.lv on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
CHICAGO (AP) — Transgender people in Chicago will be able to use a public bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity under an ordinance passed by the city's aldermen.
Aldermen approved the change in Chicago's human rights ordinance Wednesday. Mayor Rahm Emanuel says it closes a legal loophole that could “inadvertently” allow restaurants, hotels and other “public accommodations” to discriminate against transgender people.
Before Wednesday's action, the ordinance, among the first in the nation that included gender identity as a protected class, exempted bathrooms. It required people to use the bathroom matching the sex on their government-issued identification.
The CEO of gay rights group Equality Illinois, Brian Johnson, says the ordinance is about more than public accommodations. It is in his words “about standing up for the dignity of all Chicagoans.”
© 2016, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Similar to the histogram, the density plots are used to show the distribution of data. Additionally, density plots are especially useful for comparison of distributions. For example, I often compare the levels of different risk factors (i.e. cholesterol levels, glucose, body mass index) among individuals with and without cardiovascular disease. Also, with density plots, we can illustrate how the distribution of a particular variable change over time.
The function we use for making the density plot is sm.density.compare() from sm package. To install and load the package use the code below:
install.packages("sm") library(sm)
In this example, I am using iris data set and comparing the distribution of the length of sepal for different species. After you load the dataset run the code below to build the density plot.
sm.density.compare(iris$Sepal.Length, iris$Species, xlab="Species") title(main="Distributions of Species")
Here is the plot.
To make a fancy density plot, Chris shared a R script with us:
LONDON — Dr. Diva Tommei, 32, was once a Bioinformatics PhD student at Cambridge University who was spending way too much time in a dark office.
That is until she had a lightbulb moment and invented a device to redirect natural light and transform her gloomy British workspace.
"As people visited me and went into my office, they were like, 'Wait, I need this at home," Diva told Mashable.
SEE ALSO: Student invents genius kitchen appliance for people with 1 arm
Light in. Image: SOLENICA
After finishing her studies, Diva went back home to Rome and started designing better versions of her invention. Next, she met her cofounder, Mattia, and together they created 'Lucy,' a crystal-like robot that follows the sun and uses it to reflect light into your home.
'Lucy' has raised almost $250,000 during its Indiegogo campaign and is currently in the final prototype phase. That means that Diva and her team of 12 people are now making sure the product can be manufactured large-scale.
The reflected natural light can be as strong as 12 lightbulbs. Image: solenica
Here's how 'Lucy' works
"Lucy is, technically, a heliostat," Diva said. "She reflects sunlight indoors throughout the day without you ever having to do anything. She figures out how to find and track the sun, always remembering the fix point you told her to set the light."
And she does that using a special sensor at the 'nose' of the weather-resistant and oh-so-sleek Italian-designed crystal ball cover, which sends light intensity readings to an algorithm.
Then, 'Lucy's' motorized mirror moves in accordance to the earth's rotation of the sun, maintaining the perfect angle of reflection.
And the most important part of all is that 'Lucy' is pretty autonomous. She uses the sun to power herself and can locate light no matter where you put her.
Diva says she expects to have Lucy ready for mass manufacturing soon. You can currently pre-order the robot for $199.
Living in a sustainable world
"People would be allowed to turn their lights off, for example," Diva said in reference to Lucy's green benefits. "And, of course, decrease their energy bills. That's one important thing. But another one is that the carbon footprint of that family and that household goes down over time."
But 'Lucy's' possible applications, on a global level, are far more diversified. For example, more than 1.2 billion people worldwide have no access to electricity. And there are many instances where people do have access to electricity, but may not be able to afford it. So, 'Lucy' may be of huge use in such circumstances and could be used to light up schools, offices, homes and even outdoor public spaces.
But that's the longterm goal, Diva says. For that to happen, the robot has to be "reduced to the bear minimum components and costs to make it affordable for emerging markets."
CAGUA, Venezuela — Blessed with huge oil and natural gas reserves as well as massive rivers that power hydroelectric dams, Venezuela is energy rich. So why do the lights keep going out?
In 21 of the country's 24 states, blackouts and power rationing are keeping thousands of businesses, schools, hospitals and neighborhoods in the dark.
Besides dragging down the economy, the energy deficit has become a political problem for President Hugo Chavez, who plans to run for another six-year term in 2012 but whose government has been unable to solve the problem.
“This is a crisis that an energy-rich nation should not have,” said Jose Manuel Aller, an electricity expert and professor at Simon Bolivar University in Caracas.
The power cuts are endemic in places like Cagua, an industrial city just west of Caracas.
“We've had problems for two or three years but this is the worst,” said Alexander Bondarenko, president of the Cagua Chamber of Commerce and Production which represents 242 companies ranging from glass factories to breweries.
“Before, the power cuts were programmed and people adjusted,” he said. “But now the electricity comes and goes without any warning.”
During a recent visit to the Dematorc factory, which makes nuts, bolts and screws, human resources manager Ingrid Nunez was in a good mood because a recent power outage lasted just 10 minutes. Usually, Nunez said, the lights go out for four or five hours or for the entire day.
Even when there is electricity, Dematorc can't always get the raw material it needs because power cuts at Venezuela's main steel plant have led to periodic steel shortages. To survive, Dematorc is now purchasing nuts and bolts and focusing on distribution rather than production, which has fallen by half. The workforce has been reduced from 50 employees to 24.
“If this situation continues, unfortunately, we may have to close down,” Nunez said.
Having nationalized the last remaining power generation companies, the government fully controls the electricity sector. In fact, Venezuela is one of the few countries in the world that has named a minister of electricity. Yet the government downplays its own role in the crisis.
At first, the government blamed a spike in demand amid a 2004-2008 economic boom. Then, a drought brought on by the El Niño weather phenomenon lowered water levels at the country's hydroelectric dams decreasing generating capacity.
But critics point out that the economy has recently slowed down, demand has fallen, and torrential rains have refilled the dams.
Now, the government is pointing fingers at the opposition. In speeches, Chavez often claims that electrical plants are being sabotaged by his political foes to make his government look bad.
“I call on the Venezuelan people … to help neutralize the electrical sabotage being carried out by the lackeys of the bourgeoisie,” Chavez told an audience last year. “They think that by sabotaging an electrical plant or a transmission line, people will stop voting for the revolution. But they are very wrong.”
Yet no credible evidence of sabotage has emerged. The government also blames consumer waste and has aired a series of TV spots urging people to turn off lights and appliances.
But there's no incentive to conserve because, similar to the country's notoriously cheap gasoline which costs less than bottled water, electricity is subsidized. There hasn't been a rate hike in nine years so most households pay monthly bills of between a few dollars and nothing.
Aller and other critics claim the problems stem from government corruption, poor decisions and a failure to invest in the grid — which is partly due to those rock-bottom electricity rates.
A prime example is the Guri hydroelectric complex in eastern Venezuela, which generates 70 percent of the country's electricity. Aller says not all of that power reaches the rest of the country because of the poor state of transmission lines.
On top of that, a series of Venezuelan governments over the years focused on exporting the country's oil while many natural gas reserves were never exploited. Instead, the country relied on hydroelectric power and failed to build a new generation of oil or natural-gas powered thermoelectric plants.
Most of the thermoelectric plants now in operation are at least 30 years old and often break down. They are currently operating at only 40 percent of their capacity, Aller said.
The one city that remains unaffected is Caracas, the capital. Programmed power cuts to save energy were introduced last year but the government quickly retreated amid massive protests in poor neighborhoods that usually support Chavez. Now, the power stays on but homes and businesses must pay stiff fines if consumption goes beyond a certain point.
“The government is clearly protecting Caracas but that leads to blackouts everywhere else,” said Jose Toro, a former board member of Petroleos de Venezuela, the national oil company. “Now, Caracas doesn't have a problem but the rest of the country is paying for it.”
With little official information on the location and cause of power outages, Venezuelans are spreading the word via Twitter. Aller, who blogs about the electricity crisis, keeps a close eye on the Twitter feed which, on a recent afternoon, reported outages in a half dozen towns and cities.
Amid the blackouts, some Venezuelan businesses are taking emergency measures.
Fanagram is an animal food plant in Cagua. When the outages first began, the company's clients couldn't even get into the driveway because the electric door wouldn't open.
Despite electricity cuts every other day, production here continues — thanks to a diesel generator. It cost $20,000. But without it, Fanagram would be in dire straits, says plant supervisor Mauricio Power.
“Any business that doesn't have a generator,” Power says, “is at the mercy of government officials who decide when to turn the electricity on and off.”
Axes:
Axes are a little bit too energy-hungry right now. They are designed to be energy hungry damage beasts, but they run out of energy a little too fast, so we decreased the energy costs a little. Rending Strike: Base Energy: 6 -> 5 Axe Smash: Base Energy: 13 -> 10
Bows:
The Bows have a lot of utility and sustain damage. The lack of burst damage made them a bit too slow in PvE, though, so we buffed Deadly Shot to give a strong Q-Spell choice for PvE. Deadly Shot: Damage increased by 20% Base Energy: 3 -> 6
Holy Staffs:
As much as we want Healers to be able to also do solo PvE, we went a bit too far with the last buff for Smite, so we are rolling back the damage changes. It will still be better than before Brutus, but it should not steal the show of the main damage dealers. Smite: Damage reduced by 15% Base Energy: 6 -> 5
Spears:
In the last content update the Spear got reworked. The item stats did not emphasize their new role enough. With this change the weapons will have more ability power and deal more damage, but as a trade off they will be less tanky. The new Spirit Spear wasn't always a fit for everyone's playstyle. Especially the Halberd, that needs to stick on the target to hit its E-spell, wasn't really gaining much from the Spirit Spear. That is why we re-enable the Low Stab from before. You can now choose to play with either Low Stab or Spirit Spear. The slot 3 abilities on E can be charged up with both spells. The Spirit Spear's damage and buff duration got buffed. As a tradeoff the range was reduced. Also the damage buff stacking up was fixed. All Spear Line Items: Additional Damage Factor: 0.1 -> 0.15 Health Factor: 0.1 -> 0.05 Low Stab: Re-added the Low Stab as a spell choice on slot 1. Spirit Spear: Buff Duration: 6s -> 8s Attack Range Buff decreased by 20% Reworked the Damage Buff : it now stacks up correctly and is based on Auto Attack interval.
Swords:
BENGALURU: A Pakistani cybersecurity firm with close ties to Islamabad has been found stealing information from Indian government and defence establishments, according to a two-year investigation by a US-based IT security firm.
The Pakistani firm targeted Indian establishments using leased US hosting services, the US security firm, FireEye, said, the findings revealing that India remains a vulnerable target for cyberattacks even after documents leaked by whistleblower Edward Snowden exposed widespread spying by US National Security Agency.
The firm used 'Sarabjit Singh', 'Devyani Khoragade', 'Salary hikes for government employees' in the subject line of the emails to lure officials into opening attachments containing the malware, which would then infect the computers and collect an assortment of data that it would send to the cyberattacker.
While FireEye claimed the cyberattacks by the Pakistani firm were still active, the Indian government denied any knowledge of this. "It is incorrect. We have only seen cases of website hacking. However, they hold only public data," said Dr Gulshan Rai, director-general of the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team, or ICERT, and who will shortly take charge as the country's first cybersecurity chief.
A senior Indian intelligence official confirmed Indian establishments were targets of cyber spying, but said the attackers could not be traced. "We have seen many such attacks targeting Indian government and defence establishments, but in cyberspace it is very hard to ascertain the actual source."
According to FireEye, an Islamabad-based firm called Tranchulas, which claims to have helped prepare Pakistani government for cyber warfare, bombarded officials in Indian government with emails containing malicious software.
A senior Indian intelligence official confirmed Indian establishments were targets of cyber spying, but said the attackers could not be traced."We have seen many such attacks targeting Indian government and defence establishments coming from different parts of the world, but in cyberspace it is very hard to ascertain the actual source of an attack."
According to FireEye, an Islamabad-based IT security firm called Tranchulas, which claims to have helped prepare the Pakistani government for cyber warfare, bombarded officials in Indian government organizations with emails containing malicious software, or malware.
"They are essentially penetrating Indian government accounts to find out what the Indian government is up to," Manish Gupta, senior vice president at FireEye, told ET. "They are also targeting defence organisations. Some of the things that could be important to them could be what kind of weapons does India have, where are these weapons deployed, how many people are deployed in these regions, what is the s organization structure, are there any military exercises planned."
In a series of sworn statements made under oath, Darren Wilson, the former Ferguson police officer who shot and killed teenager Michael Brown, admits that he and other officers used the n-word while on duty. He also admits that Brown "never tried to remove [Wilson's] gun from [his] holster." The full list of admissions appears via the Washington Post, and comes from a civil suit filed against Wilson by Brown's family over the shooting death of their son.
Ferguson Officer Wilson Admits To Having Used N-Word In New Mike Brown Documents Revolt 00:00 01:00
The Mike Brown case has always been inextricably linked to the notions of systematic racism and police bias, making this exchange over Ferguson police department and Wilson's use of the n-word particularly explosive:
On Monday, Wilson's attorney clarified this exchange by saying that the former officer never used the n-word on his own, but rather only when repeating others' statements; this is a clarification Wilson himself made with respect to "racist remarks" as per item 155 as seen above, but didn't bother to make with respect to the n-word. When asked why Wilson didn't offer the same explanation about the n-word as he did about "racist remarks" during this discovery session, his attorney said "responses to requests for admissions are not invitations to tell a story or give a substantial narrative."
Even if these statements were sufficient to convince a reasonable person that Wilson did not himself use racist language, at a minimum it suggests this sort of language was used by other members of the police department, and has been seized upon by those who have long claimed institutional racial bias in the Ferguson police department's practices.
Wilson's admission about Brown not grabbing his gun from his holster has also received strict scrutiny since this report became public. During initial depositions in the Wilson case, the officer claimed he and Brown battled for control of the gun after Brown had reached for it during their physical altercation on August 9th, 2014. This was a key fact for Wilson, helping justify his use of deadly force in believing he was under threat of imminent danger. Forensic evidence supported Wilson's claim that Brown had reached for the gun. In this new court document, the Brown family's attorney elicits an admission from Wilson that Brown never tried to take the gun out of Wilson's holster.
It's important to note that this session was conducted by the Brown family's attorney, and so there are no other statements concerning the control of the gun, or or Brown's attempts to grab it later in their skirmish, or after Wilson himself had removed it from his holster. As such, it does not necessarily contradict Wilson's claim that Brown reached for his gun at some point during the incident.
And yet, this particular item from Wilson's admissions, in conjunction with his responses with respect to police department racism, have combined to inflame the core pillars of the debate over this case: Wilson having avoided indictment on the grounds his shooting of Brown had been legally justified, and the notion of Ferguson police racism.
Wilson's civil suit admissions come on the heels of another development in the Brown case, as this weekend a documentary framed explosive new convenience store footage of Mike Brown from the day he was killed, suggesting there may have been more to the story concerning the cigarillos police claim he had stolen.
This unusually busy week in the Mike Brown case has created a charged environment for the annual 3-1-4 day in St. Louis, wherein the city reflects on its pride and identity, and is now looking at its wounds over this tragedy with a new set of eyes and evidence.
Could Microsoft's new dev team allow games like Halo: Spartan Assault to work on non-Microsoft platforms?
Microsoft has been trying to convince game developers to make their titles on the company's platforms for some time. The results of those efforts have been mixed so far, but this week, a new listing on the Microsoft Careers website claims that the company is serious about bringing game creators over to their side.
How will they do this? According to the Careers listing for a Software Development Engineer, Microsoft is forming a team called "New Devices and Gaming" that wants to make a way to create games on multiple platforms, including those not controlled by Microsoft.
The goal of Microsoft's new team is pretty straightforward; it wants to "win back our game developers from our competitors." The listing adds, "We will create a modern framework that is open source, light-weight, extensible and scalable across various platforms including Windows Store, Windows Phone, iOS and Android."
Yes, Microsoft says it wants to make a way to create games that will be an open source solution. This is nothing new for the company; it has supported open source software in the past and has released certain products to that community, such as the recent NewsPad blogging tool. However, this new effort seems to be a step up from these previous projects.
Exactly how this will work is still a mystery, but Microsoft might reveal more information in a few weeks as part of its activities at the 2014 Game Developers Conference, to be held in San Francisco later this month.
Source: Microsoft Careers via WinBeta | Image via Microsoft
NEW DELHI: SP Jain School of Global Management will set up the first Indian business school in the US by opening a campus in Silicon Valley , competing with top-ranked Stanford Graduate School of Business and Berkley's Haas School Located in the Bay Area, the school will come up within two years and will be SP Jain's fifth globally. It will have virtual reality classrooms for the first time in its undergraduate and post-graduate programmes.Starting courses with virtual reality as a major component was prompted by the changing needs of the corporate sector, school president Nitish Jain told ET. Students will be able to not only see how to sell products but actually sell them using virtual reality, he said. “VR can take education to a whole new level. VR can mimic any situation and we will learn by deep immersion. In other words, we can create real life experiences. Take for example we teach our students how to lead a team of difficult people.Students would actually be able to “be in the room“ and experience leadership as though it is really happening.“SP Jain established its first campus in Dubai in 2004 has since set up schools in Singapore, Sydney and Mumbai. The school is accredited by the Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency in Australia and is licensed by the Knowledge and Human Development Authority of the Dubai government. It has sought regulatory permissions for the campus in the US. The process started a few months ago and the school “should be hitting the mark in the next 1224 months,“ Jain told ET.While Jain didn't disclose investment figures, he said setting up campuses entails dealing with regulatory challenges as well as establishing a brand. Consultants said running an institute in an international location can cost upwards of $2 million annually when infrastructure is leased. “The average cost to set up a campus for about 1,000 students for BBA, MBA can be anywhere close to $3 million and this doesn't include a library or a sports facility,“ said Rohin Kapoor, education practice director at Deloitte India.
PARIS, May 24 (Reuters) - French bank BNP Paribas plans to close its remaining business in the Cayman Islands, campaign group Attac reported on its website on Tuesday, in the wake of the Panama Papers revelations about tax havens.
Attac - the Association for the Taxation of financial Transactions and Aid to Citizens - cited the minutes of a May 3 meeting of the finance committee of the French bank's central works council.
BNP Paribas had no immediate comment.
The report comes a day before BNP Paribas Deputy Chief Operating Officer Jacques d'Estais is due to appear at a French Senate hearing relating to the Panama Papers, a collection of leaked data from Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca that put the spotlight on how the world's rich use offshore tax regimes.
Earlier in May, the United Nations named the Cayman Islands along with the British Virgin Islands as British tax havens that had received some $72 billion of company funds last year. (Reporting by Julien Ponthus and Gilles Guillaume; Writing by James Regan; Editing by Andrew Callus and Mark Potter)
Mining in North Korea is important to the country's economy. North Korea is naturally abundant in metals such as magnesite, zinc, tungsten, and iron; with magnesite resources of 6 billion tonnes (second largest in the world), particularly in the Hamgyeong-do and Jagang-do provinces. However, often these cannot be mined due to the acute shortage of electricity in the country, as well as the lack of proper tools to mine these materials and an antiquated industrial base.[1] Coal, iron ore, limestone, and magnesite deposits are larger than other mineral commodities. Mining joint ventures with other countries include China, Canada, Egypt, and South Korea.[citation needed]
Resource base [ edit ]
North Korea has reserves of more than 200 mineral types distributed over 80% of its territory with ten reserves recording large deposits of magnetite, tungsten ore, graphite, gold ore, and molybdenum. Among the largest resources with more than 2 million tons of estimated reserve are: Zinc which tops the list with 21 million tons of estimated resource; followed by non-metallic resource of 21 million tons of limestone and magnesite 6 million tons; and other mineral sources such as iron 5 million tons, anthracite 5 million tons, copper 3 million tons, barite 2 million tons, gold and graphite also 2 million tons each.[1]
The Mineral Industry in the country is structured under three broad sectors namely, coal mining, ferrous and nonferrous metals mining, and processing sector and industrial minerals mining and processing sector. All these sectors are owned by the central government and it is also reported that the mineral industry supports the country's military budget.[2]
Metal mining [ edit ]
North Korea is thought to have tremendous potential metal resources (and particularly rare-earth metals), which have been valued in excess of US$6 trillion by the South Korean national mining company. There is much investment from Chinese mining companies, with an estimated $500 million investment in the last 11 years. 41% of all Chinese companies trading in North Korea are involved in mining.[3]
Zinc mining [ edit ]
The Korea General Zinc Industry Group is a North Korean mining and industrial group headquartered in Pyongyang.[4] The organization produces zinc, lead, base bullion, lead concentrates, zinc concentrates, cadmium, arsenic, zinc residues and copper concentrate for export and domestic use.[4]
The Geomdeok Mine, located in Geumgol-dong, Dancheon-si, Hamgyeongnam-do, has been in operation since 1932 and is the largest zinc mine in East Asia. It has seven mine blocks extracted through 10 mines. It has annual capacity to handle 10 million tons of zinc ore. Conventional flotation methods are adopted to extract lead and zinc concentrates. Other products from the mine are sphalerite, chalcopyrite, and galena.[1]
Gold mining [ edit ]
In gold alone the nation is estimated to hold around 2,000 metric tonnes of reserves, which at a gold value of $1,200/ounce, would give a total worth of $84.6 billion. Other available resources include iron, with 5 billion tonnes of 50% iron-content ore in reserve, nickel, with 36,000 tonnes of the pure metal, and zinc metal, with around 21,100,000 tonnes.[1]
The Daebong Mine, located on the border of Gapsan and Woonheung in Yanggang Province, produced more than 150 kilograms (kg) (4,823 troy ounces) of gold annually. Further improvements are proposed in this mine with Chinese investment under a package of offer of mineral rights in exchange for capital investment in the mine.[2]
The Sangnong Mine, in the Dancheon district of Hamgyeongnam-do has been in operation since 1956 and is an underground mine. The mine also extracts pyrite, chalcopyrite, magnesite, native gold, and native silver. In 2008, the annual production was reported as 290,000 tons of concentrate at a grade of 30g/t. To process the low-grade concentrate of the Sangnong Mine, the Dongdae Custom Mill Plant (located in Dancheon city) has been established. This plant has processed twenty million tons of tailings and the waste piled up in the yard of the plant has still a gold pf grade of 1.44g/t.[1]
The Holdong Mine in the Holdong labor district in Yeonsan-gun, Hwanghaebuk-doce has been in operation since 1893. Gold and other ores are found in a strike of 1,200 metres (3,900 ft) strip. The plant has capacity for annual handling of 2 tonnes of gold, 2.5 tonnes of silver, and 80,000 tonnes of copper concentrate. In 1991, the mine recorded a production of 0.85 tonnes of gold, 1.674 tonnes of silver, and 893 tonnes of copper concentrate.[1]
Copper mining [ edit ]
The DPRK is estimated to hold a total amount of 2.1 million metric tonnes of copper metal.[1] The Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation (KOMID) was involved in a joint-development project with a Chinese firm in the development of a copper mine in Hyesan. However, KOMID was blacklisted by the United Nations in 2009 subsequent to North Korea's April 5 rocket launch. This resulted in a halting of facility construction at Hyesan.[5] The Hyesan copper mine, located Yanggang Province would be operated by the Hyesan-China Joint Venture Mineral Co.[2]
The Hyesan Mine, located in Masan-dong, Hyesan-si, and Ryanggang-do, has been in operation since 1970 and is the largest copper mine in the country. It was flooded and hence closed from 1994 to 2009 and has been partially reopened, after bailing out water, since 2010. Other products from the mine are chalcocite, chalcopyrite, galena, and sphalerite. The plant has a capacity to handle 1,200,000 tons of copper ore annually. According to a 1993 report, the mine produced about 90,000 tons of concentrate of 16% grade of copper.[1]
Iron ore mining [ edit ]
Musan Mine, located at Musan-gun, in the Changryeol labor districts and Hamgyeongbuk-do, is being operated by Mitsubishi Mining Company of Japan since 1935. The ore is found a strike stip of 1200 m and is operated through nine blocks and extraction is by open pit method. Its iron ore handling capacity is 10 million tons per year. The annual production is reported to be 2 million tons of iron concentrate of 65% grade. After processing at the Gimchaek Steel Mill, iron is exported to China.[1]
The Oryong Mine, located in Ryongcheon-ri, Hyeryeong City, in Hamgyeongbuk-do, has been in operation since 2007. Iron ore is embedded in granite formations as magnetite, hematite, and ilmenite in the Musan group and Liwon-am group of rocks, and the ore extracted in directly transported to China without milling. The ore exported in 2007 was of the order of 3,000 tons.[1]
Graphite mining [ edit ]
Jeongchon Mine is a graphite mine located in Jeongchon-gun, Hamgyeongnam-do and the ore is found in strike length of 700m. Mining operation was started here in 2006. It is an inter-Korean project with South Korea getting a share of 50% of the extracted graphite.[1]
Magnesite mines [ edit ]
Magnesite in the Tanchon area, a very large resource, has been under extraction since 1980 from the Taehung Youth Hero Mine and the Yongyang Mine, and the former mine is reported to be operating to its full capacity.[2]
Daeheung Mine, located in Daeheung-dong, Dancheon-si, and Hamgyeongnamdo comprising four mine blocks has been in operation since 1982. It is reported to be the largest magnesite mine in the world. Magnesite ore is found in a strike of 1600 m and has been extracted since 1982. Both open pit and underground mining are done in these mine blocks and there is a total capacity to extract magnesite ore of 600,000 tons per year. In 2006 the production reported was 230,000 tons of magnesite of grade of up to 46.5 percent of MgO.[1]
Nonferrous metal mining [ edit ]
In 2005, it was reported that Kimduk Combined Mining Enterprise was the country's largest nonferrous metal mine.[6]
Coal mining [ edit ]
In addition to its metal resources, North Korea is also abundant in coal and limestone (with 100 billion metric tonnes), valued at some US$9.7 trillion.[7] In particular the purest form of coal, anthracite, is especially abundant, with reserves of over 4.5 billion tonnes,[1] which at $143/tonne would be worth $644.8 billion.
Jikdong coal mine is an anthracite coal mine located in Jikdong, Suncheon-si, Pyongannam-do where an underground mining operation started in 1997. It has capacity to handle 1 million tons of coal per year. The coal is transported by trucks directly to run the Dongpyeongyang Thermal power plant.[1]
Gogeonwon Mine is also an anthracite coal mine located in the Gogeonwon labor district, Kyeongwongun, Hamgyeongbuk-do and has been in operation as an underground mine since 1920. It has a capacity of 1 million tons per year and the coal mined is sent by trucks to run the Cheongjin Thermal Power Plant and the Seongjin Steel Company.[1]
In 2013, North Korea surpassed Vietnam to become the global top exporter of anthracite, generating $1.4 billion in revenue for the DPRK (10% of the country's GDP). Another estimate puts the nation's 2015 coal exports at 19.7 million tonnes, worth $1.1 billion.[8] The regime relies on these profits to procure much of what it needs the most.[9]
See also [ edit ]
Editor's note: This story is available in Spanish.
CLEARWATER, Fla. -- Miguel Sanó, one of the Minnesota Twins' top prospects, is a movie star -- literally.
Sanó won't turn 20 for a week, but he is not intimidated by the cameras recording his every move as he hits his way up the Twins' farm system toward the majors. At his current rate, he'll most likely arrive at Target Field sometime in the 2014 season, although Sanó isn't ruling out the possibility that it could happen this summer.
Despite being the youngest player in the Florida State League (Advanced Class A), the shortstop-turned-third baseman is hitting .368 and leads the league with nine home runs and 24 RBIs in 24 games with the Fort Myers Miracle. And he's doing it while smiling for the cameras that have followed him everywhere since he was a 15-year-old boy growing up on the playing fields of San Pedro de Macoris on the east side of the Dominican Republic.
"This does not affect me at all," Sanó told ESPNdeportes.com before a game in Clearwater this week. "I believe it helps me because when I'm in the majors, I will be surrounded by cameras, right? It helps me get used to it."
Already the subject of scouting buzz and two documentaries, Miguel Sanó is comfortable in a photo session. Enrique Rojas/ESPNdeportes.com
Sanó's journey through the minors has been filmed for the past two years by Guagua Productions for a documentary titled "The Miguel Sanó Story." The producers' intent is to stick with him until he makes his big league debut with the Twins.
"The Miguel Sanó Story" will pick up where "Ballplayer: Pelotero" left off. Focusing on Sanó and another young Dominican player, Jean Carlos, "Ballplayer: Pelotero," which premiered in 2012, examined the controversial and frequently corrupt process by which promising Dominican athletes are scouted, recruited, signed and incorporated into MLB training camps in the Dominican Republic.
In 2009, after a long MLB investigation that included bone structure tests and other examinations to determine if he really was 16, as his documents and his tutors claimed, Sanó received a $3.15 million signing bonuses from Minnesota.
The executive producer of "Ballplayer: Pelotero" was Bobby Valentine, at that time the manager of the Boston Red Sox. The film created some discomfort in Major League Baseball's central offices. When it was released, commissioner Bud Selig called it inaccurate and spoke with the Red Sox about Valentine's role with it. Valentine is not a part of "The Miguel Sano Story."
If Sanó was affected by the controversy over "Ballplayer: Pelotero," it's difficult to discern.
"I feel happy," said Sanó, who was ranked 11th on Keith Law's top 100 prospects list in February. "Having a movie is something that makes you feel good. The second one will be better than the first one. That will not affect me. I keep a clear mind, focusing on the important things."
Being the center of attention certainly hasn't seemed to hurt Sanó's game. Through three-plus seasons in the minors, he is batting .287 with 64 home runs and 212 RBIs. Last year, he hit 28 home runs and drove in 100 runs in 129 games for Beloit in the Midwest League (Middle Class A).
Any wonder Sanó is a fan favorite? He is a movie star, after all. Enrique Rojas/ESPNdeportes.com
Nearly half of his 35 hits for Fort Myers this season have been for extra bases -- seven doubles and a triple to go with his nine home runs. Perhaps it shouldn't be a surprise that he is thinking about the next level and doesn't rule out the possibility of playing at Target Field this year.
"The team says that I could be promoted [to Double-A] next month, but I'm not distracted by that," Sanó said. "Every day, I try to play tougher. And when I'm there, I will do the same thing: play hard every game, every day, every inning.
"I hope to be in the big leagues by the end of the year. I'm working on that. If it's not this year, it will be at the start of next year. I believe that I deserve the chance. I have the skills and potential."
"Miguel looks very comfortable doing what he is doing," said Fort Myers manager Doug Mientkiewicz. "[He's] more mature and each day closer to being ready for the big leagues. We are talking about a very young man but one that has a lot of pride and never settles on doing things halfway."
Before he gets to the majors, though, Sanó knows he needs to learn a few things and improve on others. He is still in the transition from shortstop to third base, and his knowledge of the strike zone can use some work. He struck out 144 times in 2012 and is averaging more than one strikeout per game in his minor league career.
"After playing my whole life as a shortstop, it was tough settling in as a third baseman, because my legs moved a lot," he said. "I worked hard in winter ball and then with Paul Molitor in training camp, getting used to it.
"I'm not worried about swinging the bat. It's a matter of adjustment. Last year, I took 80 walks, and this year I've got plenty. I think I can become a ballplayer who gets 100 walks."
What worries him the most? The language, and his weight.
"I really want to improve my English," Sanó said. "I've focused 100 percent on that and would like to speak better English by the time I get to Double-A.
"I arrived to training camp around 238 pounds, but now I'm down to 229, which is my ideal weight."
Here he is in 2009 in a photo provided by the makers of "Ballplayer: Pelotero." AP Photo/Strand Releasing
Getting to the Twins Double-A team in New Britain, Conn., is the next item on Sanó's to-do list. While he thinks it could happen soon, his coaches would rather wait and let his development be the guide for the next step.
"Organizations have a general plan that includes a ballplayer and also the next team for him," said Ivan Arteaga, Fort Myers' pitching coach and the general manager of Margarita in Venezuela's winter ball. "Sanó might get 200 at-bats in Class-A, another 200 in Double-A, before he is ready for the next level. When he gets to Double-A, he will be real close to the big leagues."
"I don't get the final word, but I think he is ready for Double-A," Mientkiewicz said. "You have to understand that Minnesota doesn't want Sanó to be promoted and then go back. When he gets called to the big leagues, it will be for the long run."
Until he gets the phone call to inform him of his next assignment, Sanó will enjoy the two things he really likes: hitting a baseball and posing for the cameras.
"I love being filmed, but I don't lose my focus," he said. "I never lost it when I was signed and got what might be for a guy with a humble origin a lot of money. I'm a humble guy, from a humble family, who has got much advice from many people, including big league players."
One of those big leaguers who has helped him, he said, is fellow Dominican and New York Yankees star Robinson Cano.
"Cano taught me how to deal with things like making a lot of money women and stuff like that," said Sanó, already a star in his own right in real-life movies.
Communication Strategies for Great Leadership
Posted February 11, 2016 | By Tricia Hussung
Good communication skills are crucial when it comes to success in the business world. When members of a company are able to work together effectively, chances are it stems from being able to communicate well. How employees within a company interact determines whether projects will run smoothly or be fraught with challenges.
This is where leadership comes in, and good leaders must also be excellent communicators. Because they interact with every team and a large number of employees, how a leader communicates sets the tone for the rest of the organization. Throughout history, the greatest leaders have also been motivators, able to encourage others to work toward a common goal. Think of Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill, arguably two of the most effective leaders in history. Though they approached challenges in different ways, both excelled at communication.
“When the conduct of men is designed to be influenced, persuasion, kind, unassuming persuasion, should ever be adopted. It is an old and a true maxim, that ‘a drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall.'”
–Abraham Lincoln
If you have experience in the modern workplace, you know that good communication makes business processes run smoothly. Despite having several different departments carrying out their own deliverables, successful organizations are able to ensure separate teams work together as a unit through clear communication. And in terms of service quality, the lines of communication must be open between a company and its customers. It is vital to interact frequently with clients in order to meet their needs and constantly improve services based on feedback.
Yet another area in which communication plays an important role is in internal relations. All organizations have a hierarchy in place, with executives at the top and employees existing in a set structure below. To create an inclusive atmosphere, companies should have good communication from the most important C-level position to more entry-level roles. Open lines of communication help to create a positive atmosphere, one that allows internal problems to be addressed with minimal fallout.
Qualities of Good Business Communication
So what makes for good communication? In the business world, it is all about getting your point across. “Good communication means the intended message you send is received by your audience without any distortions in meaning,” according to an article from Chron Small Business. Of course, this definition can apply just as easily to personal communication as it does to communication in a professional context. Clarity is the most important aspect of successful communication, because it helps “get the job done well, on time and on budget,” the article explains. “The boss or team member who can communicate objectives, reasoning and step-wise tasks in a concise and coherent manner contributes more to a company's success that one who does not. These communicators are highly valued in today's complex and competitive business world, and are often earmarked for promotion and increased responsibility.”
“Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak, it's also what it takes to sit down and listen.”
-Winston Churchill
Today, we can communicate with coworkers and leadership in more ways than ever before. In fact, what once may have taken a 30-minute phone conversation to relay can now be said instantly in a series of text messages. The ubiquity of modern communication has made it even more important to convey thoughts and ideas effectively. We have all experienced a miscommunication due to shades of meaning or tone that were lost due to digital communication. (There really should be a sarcasm font.) Good communication is simple and easy to understand, two traits that can be difficult to achieve. However, it is possible to hone and develop better communication skills through study. This is one of the key skill areas that are covered in most high-quality MBA programs, for example.
How to Communicate Effectively
Four Strategies for Success
Though there are many strategies for successful communication, all of them work toward a common goal: transparency. According to Forbes, statistics show that companies with happy, loyal staff share transparency as a common corporate principle. The ease of sharing knowledge and data ranks high with employees for job satisfaction; in fact, it's “crucial to building trust in the workplace.” Employees at all levels perform better when companies have a distinct vision and a culture of straightforward communication. Leaders can achieve this in a variety of ways, from providing clear expectations for work quality to being open about pay grade. Just as it is important for businesses to be transparent with their customers about product quality and services rendered, employees seek the same kind of transparency from their employers. Fostering clear, accessible communication is one way that business leaders can create a culture of success.
“To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible we must be truthful.”
– Edward R. Murrow
Another way to develop excellent communication skills is through active listening. This type of listening requires you to “make a conscious effort to hear not only the words that another person is saying but, more importantly, try to understand the complete message being sent,” Mind Tools says. To practice active listening, the first step is to pay close attention to the person with whom you are speaking. Try not to get distracted by your own thoughts or what is going on around you. Signal to the other person that you are listening, processing and understanding the points they are trying to convey by nodding the head or using phrases such as, “Right,” and “I understand,” throughout the conversation. Using these signals serves the dual purpose of letting the other person know you are paying attention while reminding yourself to stay tuned in. Other active listening tactics include asking occasional questions or commenting on particularly good points.
Cultivating emotional intelligence is another helpful communication strategy. This concept is rooted in our ability to “understand, interpret, and respond to the emotions of others,” according to Psychology Today. This communication technique is so important that some experts suggest it may be more important than IQ. Emotional intelligence (EI) refers to “the ability to perceive, control and evaluate emotions.” It was introduced by Peter Salovey and John D. Mayer in 1990. These two experts defined EI as “the subset of social intelligence that involves the ability to monitor one's own and others' feelings and emotions, to discriminate among them and to use this information to guide one's thinking and actions.” Salovey and Mayer identified four different facets of emotional intelligence: the perception of emotion (understanding nonverbal signals such as body language), the ability to reason using emotions (using emotions to prioritize what we pay attention to and interact with), the ability to understand emotion (interpreting the causes of shown emotion) and the ability to manage emotion (responding appropriately to the emotions of others).
“When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.”
– Ernest Hemingway
Finally, asking good questions is a key part of effective communication. When you ask the right questions in a particular situation, you open up possibilities for better understanding and information exchange. Mind Tools points out that you can gather better information, learn more, build stronger relationships, manage people more effectively and help others learn. Some common questioning techniques include open questions, closed questions, funnel questions and probing questions.
Closed questions require a single word or very short answer, often “yes” or “no.” These questions are good for testing your understanding or making a decision. Open questions, on the other hand, elicit longer answers. They usually begin with words like what, why and how. This type of question invites the respondent to participate by adding information, opinions or feelings to the conversation. Funnel questions start with the general and move toward more specific answers. Usually, funnel questions start with closed questions and progress to open questions. They are ideal for finding out more detail. And probing questions are another way to find out more information. They are most often used to clarify, and include words like exactly, actually and so.
Becoming a Better Communicator With CSP
Communication is essential. Verbal, written or visual, communication keeps the business world going. Serial entrepreneur and innovator Richard Branson puts it like this: “Communication is the most important skill any leader can possess.” But while this skill is critical, it also can be elusive. For many, communication seems like a gift. In reality, it is a skill that can be learned through education and practice.
If you are looking to master communication and become a better leader, consider Concordia University, St. Paul's online Master of Arts in Strategic Communication. This degree program is designed to help you create solutions to communication challenges using strategic thinking and logical analysis. It is ideal for those who have professional experience or career interests in corporate communication, public relations or other management functions. You can learn more about this responsive, relevant and real program here.
Just how attractive is the Ole Miss coaching job? After the stunning news about Hugh Freeze resigning Thursday, Rebels fans filled message boards with pipe dreams of Chip Kelly and Les Miles. They're logical names to throw around because of course Ole Miss should want to aim high.
But the reality? This isn't an attractive job for a host of reasons:
They're tied for the fewest returning starters in the SEC (11) but unlike the two teams they're tied with (Alabama and LSU), Ole Miss doesn't return its QB. Fortunately, the out-of-conference schedule is soft, so 4-0 is possible (Cal has a new QB and a new coach, but the Bears aren't very good). Then the SEC schedule opens at Alabama and at Auburn, and it'll be all downhill from there. To get to 6-6 would be a miracle. The Rebels enter this season with an average recruiting class. Rival has them 39th, with only four 4-star recruits – the same number that vastly inferior programs Georgia Tech and Arizona State have. So if Ole Miss is far worse than 6-6, feel free to get nervous – depth could be a problem, and the offense only has one senior. In the 2018 Rivals team rankings, Ole Miss is currently 48th, and the Rebels have to assume at least a couple of them will be poached by rivals in the wake of this Freeze disaster. So the next three years don't look very promising. They play in the SEC West, one of the most challenging divisions in the country. Maybe there's turnover at Auburn, Texas A&M & Arkansas next offseason, but if there's not … the Rebels could be in the basement for awhile.
So how good of a job is Ole Miss, really? Their last two coaches, Houston Nutt and Hugh Freeze had their reigns end in ugly fashion. Nutt, who initially won with Ed Orgeron's players, went 1-15 in SEC play in his final two seasons.
Freeze carried the program to its first Top 10 finish since the 1960s, but he leaves under a cloud of NCAA suspicion and his firing is tied to “personal misconduct,” the worst of which we probably haven't heard.
I can't imagine Les Miles would touch a rebuilding job of this magnitude. Chip Kelly can do way better. More realistic options after the season might be Skip Holtz (Louisiana Tech) or Derek Dooley (Cowboys' WR coach), keep an eye on Rocky Long (San Diego State) and no, I'm not going to mention Lane Kiffin (yet).
The biggest storyline to watch at Ole Miss this season is QB Shea Patterson. Billed as a Johnny Manziel-type playmaker, Patterson looked promising in three games as a true freshman, and the job and program are his for the next three years. He was a 5-star recruit who Freeze was enamored with. You can bet his phone will be pinging all week from “friends” who would love to see him transfer.
MDMA (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine or "ecstasy") is a recreationally used drug with remarkable and characteristic prosocial effects. In spite of abundant attention in the scientific literature, the mechanism of its prosocial effects has not been elucidated in humans. Recently, research in animals has suggested that the neuropeptide oxytocin may induce these effects. In a double blind, randomized, crossover, and placebo-controlled study in 15 healthy volunteers we assessed blood oxytocin and MDMA concentrations and subjective prosocial effects after oral administration of 100 mg MDMA or placebo. MDMA induced a robust increase of blood oxytocin concentrations and an increase of subjective prosocial feelings. Within subjects, the variations in these feelings were significantly and positively correlated with variation in oxytocin levels, and the correlations between these feelings and oxytocin were significantly stronger than those between these feelings and blood MDMA levels. MDMA induces oxytocin release in humans, which may be involved in the characteristic prosocial effects of ecstasy.
The day of the latest Bitcoin Embassy meetup has come and gone. This has been the 3rd meetup CryptoSource has attended and the turn out for this event was ridiculous. Attendance has easily doubled since the last meeting just a month ago, perhaps even tripled. All I know is that seats were mighty hard to come by at this event. The fact that Bitcoin has quadrupled in value in the past few weeks surely helped with the turnout as well 😉
This just goes to show that hard work and dedication from the great team at the Embassy pays off in the end. They are constantly fighting the good fight, promoting their events, providing information to those who need it and going out of their way to explain Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency to anyone who will listen. Not an easy task, if you've been asked the same basic questions a thousand times. The Embassy staff take it with stride though. They keep the smiles on their faces and are simply happy to be able to educate the masses and keep happy knowing they are contributing to the long term growth of the crypto economy.
This meetup followed the same open approach as the last meetups. The meetup begins with a networking phase, where you can meet new people and discuss crypto with like minded people. Then, each of the embassy staff members will take the mic and introduce themselves along with the Embassy's mission statement and what they are currently working on as well as new projects in development. There are always a few special guests that will introduce their own respective projects. This meetup allowed us to get know representatives from Blockchain.info, Bylls, BitCredits.io and more.
This is all followed by an open mic session where anyone in the room can introduce themselves and talk about their new businesses, ideas and progress on new crypto developments… or simply to ask questions which the room is always more than happy to hear the answers too.
Montreal's Bitcoin Embassy has truly created something very special here. There is a strong sense of community and satisfaction coming out of these meetups. Every time I walk out of one, I feel like we are changing the world. Time for a revolution 😉 I definitely keep coming back as long as these meetups continue. Until next time, here are some photos from the latest event:
Besides the totally beautiful nature scenes and awesome martial arts, House of Flying Daggers is actually full of lots of lies and deceit.
Who's the better fox? Xiaomei (Zhang Ziyi) pretending to be the blind daughter of the leader of the Flying Daggers. Or Liu (Andy Lau) working undercover as a police captain when he's actually part of the House of Flying Daggers?
Well either way, we've got the perfect chengyu for this, it's 深藏不露.
It's used to describe those people that are a bit sly and cunning. This idiom implies a bit of deceit and that it may be hard to get a clear read on a person's actual intentions or personality. The person is usually concealing something.
深藏不露(shēn cáng bú lù): hidden deeply
A breakdown of the characters in 深藏不露(shēn cáng bú lù):
深(shēn): deep (eg. 深刻 – used when memories leave deep impressions)
藏(cáng): to hide something (eg. 隐藏 – yǐncáng).
不(bú): not
露(lù): to show (eg. 揭露 – to reveal [usually st. bad]).
Here are some examples found in the wild！
Usage 1: As a Verb
Example A:
“现实让他不得不装出一脸的假象，而对自己的本性深藏不露 “
“xiàn shí ràng tā bù dé bù zhuāng chū yī liǎn de jiǎ xiàng, ér duì zì jǐ de běn xìng shēn cánɡ bú lù “
“Reality forced him to put on an act and to deeply hide his true nature”
Example B:
“所谓众所周知的伊朗核设施，可能仅仅是个幌子，真正的核设施则深藏不露 “
“suǒ wèi zhòng suǒ zhōu zhī de yī lǎng hé shè shī, kě néng jǐn jǐn shì gè huǎng zi, zhēn zhèng de hé shè shī zé shēn cánɡ bú lù “
“The Iranian nuclear facilities known by all may just be a decoy, while the real nuclear facilities remain deeply hidden“
Example C:
“平时，这个水台在舞台下面深藏不露“
“píng shí, zhè gè shuǐ tái zài wǔ tái xià miàn shēn cánɡ bú lù “
“Usually, this water table is deeply hidden under the stage.
Usage 2: 深藏不露+的+Noun
Example A:
“小事上装糊涂，该精明的时候精明，这才是深藏不露的智慧 “
“xiǎo shì shàng zhuāng hú tu, gāi jīng míng de shí hou jīng míng, zhè cái shì shēn cánɡ bú lù de zhì huì “
“To act confused on little things, and to be quick when you need to be quick – this is what it means to have wisdom that is deeply hidden“
Example B:
“北京的滑冰爱好者如果在晚间光顾冰场，很有可能邂逅一些深藏不露的溜冰高手 “
“běi jīng de huá bīng ài hào zhě rú guǒ zài wǎn jiān guāng gù bīng chǎng, hěn yǒu kě néng xiè hòu yìxiē shēn cánɡ bú lù de liū bīng gāo shǒu “
“If Beijing's ice skating hobbyists go to the skating rink at night, it's very possible that they'll encounter some ice skating masters who normally deeply hide their talent.
Example C:
“棉花…还是一种深藏不露的秘密武器 “
“mián huā… hái shì yī zhǒng shēn cánɡ bú lù de mì mì wǔ qì “
“Cotton… is still a kind of deeply hidden secret weapon”
A new Lancet study adds to the growing mountain of evidence that market-oriented health care systems outperform the single-payer systems that have captivated the imagination of progressives for more than a century. Yet despite their claims of believing in evidence-based policy, far too many progressives persist in disparage efforts by Republicans to move the U.S. health system in a more market-oriented direction even while working feverishly on a misguided quest to put California on the path to single-payer health care.
Two simple charts suffice to show why the progressive claim that markets cannot work in medicine is dead wrong [1]. While none of these systems is perfect, Switzerland, Netherlands and Singapore each have gone much farther than other countries in the direction of relying on markets to ensure universal access to high quality care at an affordable cost. For example, as fellow Forbes contributor Avik Roy has explained repeatedly, Switzerland relies entirely on private health insurance even for its poorest and most vulnerable citizens. There is no publicly-run Medicaid program for the poor or Medicare program for the elderly and disabled the way there is in the U.S.
In contrast, single-payer countries such as Canada and the UK rely far more heavily on a command-and-control approach to the health economy, relying on price controls and bureaucratically-driven capacity constraints that predictably result in long waiting lines and lower quality care. The Lancet study, produced by an army of global health researchers led by Christopher Murray, is chock full of numbers. But its summary measure--the Healthcare Access and Quality Index--and a component that focuses on mortality related to adverse effects of medical treatment, help illustrate the differences in performance in health systems that are patient-oriented (read: driven by market forces) relative to systems in which sensible market-driven choices are displaced by one-size-fits-all regulations that distort patient choices and produce unintended adverse results (presumably no bureaucrat in Canada actually wants long waiting lines).
Market-Driven Systems Are Superior at Averting Avoidable Deaths
The Lancet study focuses on the extent to which countries are able to avert "amenable mortality." “Amenable mortality" refers to “unnecessary, untimely deaths,” i.e., deaths that hypothetically would not occur with timely and effective medical care. The idea is that it makes no sense to fault a country's health system for deaths that never could have been averted even if the system was organized to be as efficient and effective as possible.
Amenable mortality accounts for about one-fifth of mortality under age seventy-five in men and nearly one-third in women. Since there are over 1 million deaths a year in the U.S. among those under age 75, this implies there are more than one-quarter million avoidable deaths annually.
Let me be clear that the Lancet figures do not paint a complimentary picture of the U.S. health care system. Our system most definitely needs fixing. The policy dispute has been about whether we move the system in the direction of greater regulation (with single-payer health care being at the extreme end of that continuum) or in the direction of a more patient-driven, i.e., market-oriented system. Progressives have generally favored the former, conservatives the latter.
Single payer advocates certainly could use the Lancet figures to argue that moving in the direction of single payer would offer an improvement in terms of reducing the amount of amenable mortality. My point is that we could do even better--a lot better--if we went in the opposite direction to make our system look more like the ones that evidently work quite well in Switzerland, Netherlands or Singapore.
In terms of overall amenable mortality (which is what the Healthcare Access and Quality (HAQ) Index attempts to measure), Switzerland and Netherlands clearly outperform both Canada and the UK, while Singapore performs at least as well as the UK.
I've isolated the "adverse effects of medical treatment" subcomponent to demonstrate that market-oriented health systems do even better at avoiding medical mistakes than single-payer countries. This may surprise readers who may suppose that the "obvious" path to reducing medical errors is to subject the health system to greater regulation. It would appear that greater reliance on market forces might actually produce greater incentives to avoid such errors.
In this regard, it is illuminating that Singapore--which relies far more heavily on health savings accounts than either Switzerland or Netherlands--performs best of all on this measure.
Market-Driven Systems Excel at Maximizing Performance
The Lancet authors recognize that differences in resources across countries may limit what is feasible in terms of avoiding preventable deaths. Given the strong correlation between socio-demographic development (measured by an SDI index) and HAQ index scores, it is not reasonable to expect the UK to have a HAQ index score as high as Switzerland's since the latter has a GDP per capita that is twice as high as the UK's.
What is remarkable that even after taking such differences into account, the market-oriented health systems come far closer to reach their hypothetically attainable HAQ index score than the single payer health systems. Switzerland, for example, has already attained the highest feasible HAQ index score that would be expected for a nation at its level of development. Netherlands likewise is within a single percentage point of its hypothetical maximum and Singapore falls within less than 4% of what its health system ought to be able to achieve at its current level of development.
In contrast, UK and Canada miss their targets by 4.4 and 6.3% respectively. This may not seem like much, but remember we are talking about avoidable mortality. The U.S. falls 11.1% below what it is capable of, but recall from earlier that translates into more than one quarter million avoidable deaths per year. If we could hypothetically reduce this to Canada's 4.4%, it would imply saving an additional 150,000 lives per year. But if the U.S. system performed as well as Switzerland's: it would mean we could save 250,000 lives every year .
So I would invite all single-payer advocates to consider whether their ideological commitment to a century-old idea really is worth foregoing the chance to save an additional 100,000 lives a year. If not, perhaps they will consider helping reform-minded conservatives in moving the U.S. health system in a more sensible direction. We clearly are on the wrong track, but also at a crossroad. Getting on the right track entails repealing Obamacare and replacing it with a more sensible patient-oriented, market-driven system.
READ CHRIS' BOOK, The American Health Economy Illustrated (AEI Press, 2012), available at Amazon and other major retailers. With generous support from the National Research Initiative at the American Enterprise Institute, an online version complete with downloadable PowerPoint slides and companion spreadsheets has been made available through the Medical Industry Institute's Open Education Hub at the University of Minnesota.
Follow @ConoverChris on Twitter, and The Apothecary on Facebook. Or, sign up to receive a weekly e-mail digest of articles from The Apothecary.
INVESTORS' NOTE : The biggest publicly-traded players in Obamacare's health insurance exchanges are Aetna AET -0.28% (NYSE: AET ), Humana HUM -0.78% (NYSE: HUM), Cigna CI -0.25% (NYSE: CI ), Molina (NYSE: MOH ), WellPoint (NYSE: WLP ), and Centene CNC -2.15%(NYSE: CNC ), in order of the number of uninsured exchange-eligible Americans for whom their plans are available.
[1] Single-payer hostility to market-driven systems is not a figment of my imagination. Consider this "settled science" view expressed at Physicians for a National Health Plan (the predominant advocacy organization for single-payer health care in the U.S.): "Essentially everyone agrees that market competition fails to provide greater value and control costs when applied to obtaining care within the health care delivery system." A common view at PNHP is that "A free market for health care is not only undesirable: it is, as economists have noted for decades, a fantasy." A concurring opinion concludes: "It is important that we put the free market nonsense to rest and move forward with enacting and implementing a program that really will work - a single payer national health program, aka an Improved Medicare for All." Regrettably, this fallacious view has been adopted and expressed by media pundits as well. In an in-depth examination of health systems in other countires, Fareed Zakaria observed: “I'm a big fan of the free market but Kenneth Arrow outlined in the 1960s why markets don't work very well in health care…a pure free market model simply can't work.”
Share
It's a great time to be a car tech enthusiast. Disrupters and major manufacturers alike are racing headlong to deploy cars that literally drive themselves. That's exciting enough, but the best is yet to come.
Thought leaders in the automotive and CE industries have hit on an obvious question. If you free the human driver from the need to watch the road, how else might they occupy their time?
Enter augmented reality. No longer a fad, AR crops up everywhere these days. It appears it will soon become an integral part of the driving experience. Here are 5 real-world examples of how augmented reality and autonomous driving go together like PB and chocolate.
Using AR to Show How the Car Thinks
There's a marketing challenge with autonomous driving. The public and much of the press still don't understand how it works. And if they don't understand how it works, they're not likely to buy in.
Civil Maps, a startup whose mission is to crowdsource maps for self-driving cars, came up with a unique solution. They figured out how to let people into the brain of an autonomous machine.
The technology uses augmented reality to show a “car's eye view” while driving. During a ride in one of the specially-equipped cars, a monitor gives the rider a visual representation of sensor data as the car processes it.
The graphics are crude, made up of primary colors and wireframes. It looks like a 90s version of Google Street View. However, it's quickly apparent just how much is really going on.
With a few colors and some floating boxes, the demo shows how the car sees the condition of the road, street signs, navigational landmarks, and other vehicles. It can even tell if a traffic light is red, green, or yellow.
It's an incredibly accessible glimpse into a very complex technology.
Testing the Connected Car with MCity
The University of Michigan has its own fascinating spin on augmented reality and autonomous driving. At their MCity lab, researchers use AR to make connected car testing easier, faster, and safer.
For most governments and businesses, safety is the number one concern when it comes to self-driving cars. The technology hasn't reached mainstream yet, and many consumers are wary of putting their lives in the hands of a machine.
So, testing is paramount. At the same time, it's not practical to test for every possible occurrence. How does an engineer set up a massive traffic jam on demand? Or an unexpected jaywalker, or a wildlife crossing, or a drunk driver skidding through an intersection?
At MCity, the answer is “with augmented reality”. Self-driving vehicles from Lincoln and Kia make their way around 32 acres of simulated roads. In addition to physical obstacles, the cars coexist with “virtual background traffic”. These are virtual vehicles that appear on the cars' sensors, indistinguishable from real traffic. If a car “collides” with a virtual vehicle, then it fails the test.
Basically, it's AR for the car, not for the human inside.
Navdy Has the Augmented Reality Driving Apps, Just Waiting for the Car
As augmented reality developer Navdy points out, heads-up displays (HUDs) aren't new. Oldsmobile used the technology in Indy pace cars all the way back in 1988.
Navdy's HUD does a lot more than those old-school devices, however. Physically, it's not much bigger than a smartphone. It sits on the dash and connects to the user's phone via Bluetooth.
When the car starts up, though, it delivers an experience like nothing else. Maps and landmarks hover in space before the driver's eyes, directing them around like something out of a video game. Phone calls and text messages insert themselves unobtrusively in the corners, ready to be accepted or dismissed with the wave of a hand.
All of this is just groundwork for the future, though, and Navdy knows it. The device already comes with an array of augmented reality driving apps. On top of that, they're furiously working on an even tighter interface with the connected car.
As autonomous driving enters widespread use, they say, the HUD will shift its focus from navigational assistance. Instead, it will have more room to show the rider traffic conditions and potential slowdowns, communications with friends, and even highlight places to eat.
Kind of like having your very own London Black Cab driver. They know everything.
Alibaba Weighs in with WayRay Investment
Electronics import giant Alibaba has their own ambitions in augmented reality and autonomous driving. Earlier this year, they invested $18 million into AR startup WayRay.
The WayRay product line is similar to Navdy's. Both companies produce automotive AR solutions for navigation and phone alerts. Navdy is a bit further along, as WayRay doesn't yet have a product on the market.
However, WayRay takes the additional step of partnering directly with car manufacturers. The WayRay Navion is set to be built into a 2018 model from Chinese company SAIC Motor. That's in addition to the planned dashtop unit, giving WayRay a more diversified line.
WayRay is rightly proud of this. They announced that they're part of “the world's first vehicle in production with a holographic AR heads-up display.”
The biggest difference between the two companies is in their idea of how augmented reality and autonomous driving fit together. WayRay's technology is more advanced in some ways than Navdy. Unlike Navdy, it can deliver full color and a wide viewing angle.
That means WayRay can turn a car's windshield into a giant screen for movies or games, and their press release makes clear that's their intent.
A Navdy-equipped car keeps the rider connected to the road, while removing the responsibility of driving. It's like having a chauffeur.
Meanwhile, a WayRay autonomous vehicle will give the rider a big screen and let them forget they're in a car at all. The experience should be more like riding in a private bus with an entertainment system.
It will be interesting to see who comes out on top.
Looking to the Future
Businesses of all sizes are betting big on autonomous driving and augmented reality. Meanwhile, thought leaders in the tech industry imagine the hurdles and milestones we might see over the next few years.
On Medium, Nandu Nandkishore sees immense advertising possibilities. The world outside the car window could be overlaid with offers from nearby retailers. Driving to the supermarket, one could select items for purchase en route, and have them ready for pickup on arrival.
A blogger at ART + Marketing foresees AR video games to play while in transit. An “endless runner” like Temple Run could reach new levels of excitement if the course mirrored the actual road in front of the player.
At Design News, an industry publication for interface engineers, Chris Wiltz sees augmented reality as the key to widespread acceptance of self-driving cars. Wiltz believes that showing passengers exactly how the car “thinks” will help buyers take the plunge.
He's not wrong. Autonomous driving is a game-changing technology. Taking people out of the driver's seat could bring on a societal shift like few things before. AR is at its heart a means of communication, and it could be just the thing to show the public the benefits of self-driving cars.
And that's why augmented reality and autonomous driving are such a perfect fit.
How AppReal-VR Can Help?
Augmented reality driving apps are still a wide-open field. Although there is a great deal of investment into research and development, few products have yet to hit the market.
The time is right for big ideas. There's still time to execute and bring a finished product to a hungry market, and that's where an outsourced development firm like AppReal-VR can help.
AppReal-VR is highly experienced in the VR/AR sector. Led by industry veteran Yariv Levski, the company attracts the very best designers, developers, and project managers. They're ready to step in at any stage of your business, from fleshing out the initial idea to putting the final touches on a complete app.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lenovo took over Motorola from Google last year
Chinese computer and smartphone company Lenovo has announced 3,200 job cuts as it reported a halving of profits.
First-quarter net profit plunged 51% to $105m (£67m). Revenues rose 3% to $10.7bn, but this was below forecasts.
Lenovo said it had been facing the "toughest market environment for years", reporting a steep decline in sales at its mobile division.
The job cuts represent about 10% of its non-manufacturing employees and 5% of its global workforce,
Lenovo, the world's biggest PC-maker, said the cuts were part of a cost-cutting programme aimed at saving $650m in the remainder of 2015.
Smartphone woes
Lenovo reported significant declines in its global computer and tablet sector, as well as increasing competition and slowing growth in the smartphone market.
Chief executive Yuanqing Yang said the company would also restructure its smartphone business.
Last year, the company last year bought the Motorola brand from Google for $2.9bn to boost its position in the market.
However, Motorola's contribution to Lenovo's smartphone shipments fell 31% from a year earlier to 5.9 million units.
Lenovo's mobile division recorded a pre-tax loss of $292m in the three months to the end of June.
Lenovo said its PC business reached a worldwide share of 20.6%, with a 13% stake in the key US market.
Using attractive trademark seems to be one of the best marketing strategies, especially when it comes to similar smartphone features. The same is the case with the trending full-screen display in recent phones. Whether you call it Samsung Galaxy S8's Infinite Display, Mi MIX's Bezel-less, LG G6 Full Vision Display, the truth is that it's the same thing. Every manufacturer with a full-screen smartphone has a special name. However, Huawei doesn't seem to have one as there's no such phone released yet. But not anymore as the upcoming Huawei Mate 10 is rumored to feature a full-screen display. Furthermore, the trademark name is ‘Entire Display'. Pretty catchy isn't it?
Getting into the details, recently, Yu Chengdong has confirmed that Huawei Mate 10 will highlight a full screen, of course, the company needs to give this technology an attractive name.
According to the EU Intellectual Property Office that Huawei submitted the “EntireView Display” related registration documents in trademark applications, this week. It's clear that the other word for the term is Full-Screen. Moreover, in accordance with the routine procedures, this trademark will approve earlier this fall.
Huawei Mate 10 – The Rumored Specs, Release Date, and Price
According to the Polish media, Mate 10 will release on October 16 in Munich. The flagship will have two versions:
Mate 10 for 7000 yuan+ ($1041)
Huawei Mate 10 Lite for 3700 yuan+ ($550)
Other rumored specifications include a 6.1-inch display for Mate 10 and 5.8-inch for Mate 10 Lite, both having an aspect ratio of 18: 9, and 2K resolution.
No doubt, the new trademark name will be another breakthrough in Huawei's industrial design and a tough competitor for Samsung Galaxy S8, Note 8, and iPhone 8. What do you think? Comment!
Source (Translated from Chinese)
The maker of Budweiser, facing more competition in America from craft brews and cocktails, is spending billions to fight back.
Beer bottles entering the line of a bottling plant. Credit: iStock
AB InBev will devote $2 billion in U.S. capital spending to bolstering its flagship beer brands and improve distribution. The money will also help support the company's forays into "near beer," alcoholic sparkling water and other products -- like tea -- that are far afield from its original mission.
The investment, which extends through 2020, is a bet that Anheuser-Busch can push into new categories without neglecting its core business: traditional beer brands. Striking that balance will be key to the company's future, Anheuser-Busch Chief Executive Officer Joao Castro Neves said in an interview.
"What we are trying to do is the 'and' and not the 'or,"' he said.
The first $500 million will be spent this year on what Castro Neves calls the company's three pillars: elevating its biggest beer brands, building its presence in craft brews and imports, and pushing beyond regular beer into low-alcohol beverages and other drinks.
Anheuser-Busch has already bought nine U.S. craft-beer brands, and it's in the process of closing a deal for Asheville, North Carolina-based Wicked Weed, which makes beers with names such as Angel of Darkness, Iron Lady and Barrel Aged French Toast.
Castro Neves sees the company's craft and smaller-scale producers as key to keeping up with rapid shifts in customer preferences. "They are very close to consumers, and they help us stay ahead of the curve," he said.
The company's capital spending will help foster some of its smaller brands. Castro Neves cited a $15 million investment at a facility in Fairfield, Calif. that will allow craft partner Elysian Brewery to produce its Space Dust beer there. (Elysian's website describes the hops flavor as "pure starglow energy.")
Expanding the portfolio is critical because beer volumes are declining, particularly in Anheuser-Busch's top categories. Beer's share of the U.S. alcohol market lost ground to liquor for a seventh straight year in 2016, falling a percentage point to 47%, according to the Distilled Spirits Council, a trade organization. Spirits rose to 36% from 35%.
The shift has led Anheuser-Busch to look outside beer for growth. The brewer has acquired SpikedSeltzer, an alcoholic sparkling water, and formed a partnership with Starbucks Corp. to brew, bottle and sell ready-to-drink Teavana teas. Anheuser-Busch also has a joint venture with JAB Holding Co.'s Keurig to develop an at-home drink maker.
The investments will include $200 million this year to improve operations at the company's 12 largest U.S. breweries and $180 million to enhance packaging and expand the production of aluminum bottles. Anheuser-Busch will spend $82 million on its supply chain, including new distribution centers in Los Angeles and Columbus, Ohio, and $10 million to expand nonalcoholic production in Baldwinsville, N.Y.
The investment outlook was updated after Anheuser-Busch moved forward on its $103 billion acquisition of SABMiller Plc. It brings the brewer's total U.S. investment to $4.5 billion over the 2011-2020 period.
The company wanted to revamp its plans for the U.S. to ensure it doesn't lose its focus on the world's biggest beverage market, Castro Neves said.
"We are investing big behind this market because it's so important," he said. "But also because we see growth opportunities."
-- Bloomberg News
Every engineer wants to build a drink-mixing robot according to Cabe Atwell, who turned that dream into reality.
Atwell calls it the "Drinkmotizer," or just "Drinkmo." It was constructed with an Arduino and Raspberry Pi, liquor bottles, power tools, and a lot of dedication.
"I know what you are thinking, 'hey, there are other drink mixing bots out there, what makes this one different?' This one doesn't break the bank. It's DIY, Open, expandable. Artistically speaking, It isn't just a nozzle that sprays alcohol at objects, it uses the actual bottle, and gravity," Atwell wrote in a post on Element14's community site. Atwell also wrote about the project yesterday on DesignNews.
With Drinkmo, a glass moves from left to right underneath the bottles, stopping at each one to receive the appropriate amount of fluid.
"The concept is based on a CNC lathe I built," Atwell wrote. "My goal was to make something a bit faster, slightly less precise, and upgradeable. Drinkmo is all that. In the video I show six bottle stations and one chaser spout. That particular setup, being four feet long, can have up to sixteen bottles and still have the chaser spot. Technically, I could build a Drinkmo that is twenty feet long having 80 bottles on it! I thought that would be cool to see at a bar somewhere."
In the aforementioned video, Atwell chooses a Long Island Iced Tea from a menu that also includes a Screwdriver, a Manhattan, a Tom Collins, and other drinks. "The Arduino receives the serial drink protocol (recipe) from the Raspberry Pi and controls the motor routine based on the recipe," he wrote. Gin, vodka, rum, tequila, triple sec, Coke, and sour mix are poured, one after another.
The total cost of the system was $1,346.50. Atwell provided a detailed inventory of parts and a description of the building process on the Element14 post. To see Drinkmo in action and more on how it was built, check out this video:
WASHINGTON -- Standing in the same crease that Steve Mason allowed a goal from 101 feet out, Philadelphia Flyers goalie Michal Neuvirth saw shots from every angle and didn't crack. Not even once.
Neuvirth stopped all 44 shots the Washington Capitals threw his way Friday night, carrying the Flyers to a 2-0 victory and sending the first-round playoff series back to Philadelphia for Game 6 on Sunday.
"They came at us pretty hard and if it's not for Neuvy, we're not winning this game," Flyers captain Claude Giroux said.
After the Capitals took a 3-0 series lead, Neuvirth has been the difference since replacing Mason for Game 4 on Wednesday. Neuvirth has stopped 75 of 76 shots against the team that drafted and developed him after Mason allowed 12 goals on 81 shots.
It didn't matter that Washington outshot Philadelphia 44-11 and an almost unbelievable 35-6 at 5-on-5. It's the first time a team won a Stanley Cup playoff game with 11 shots since the Capitals beat the Ottawa Senators in 1998 with that total.
Neuvirth said he got used to heavy shot totals by playing with the lowly Buffalo Sabres last season, though this tied the second-biggest disparity by a losing playoff team since 1989-90, according to STATS.
"I like to face a lot of shots. It keeps me in the game," Neuvirth said. "I enjoy it. Guys did a really good job in front of me. I was seeing the puck well. We didn't take any bad penalties, and we stuck to our system and big win for us."
It's the biggest win yet for the Flyers, who are still feeling the emotions of the death of founder Ed Snider, whose public memorial service they attended Thursday before traveling to Washington. Yet they were not at their sharpest in Game 5, which Giroux called the Capitals' "best game of the series."
The Flyers went 0 for 6 on the power play to fall to 1 for 21 in the series. Ryan White scored three seconds after a penalty expired as the puck bounced off Capitals defenseman Taylor Chorney's left skate and past Braden Holtby 7:52 into the second period.
"To get it by that guy, they're not going to be pretty on him," White said about Holtby, who made nine saves. "Doesn't matter how they go in."
It matters to the Capitals, who lost back-to-back games in regulation after not doing so the entire regular season on the way to the Presidents' Trophy. They chalked the loss up almost entirely to Neuvirth, who stopped eight shots from superstar Alex Ovechkin and five each from defensemen John Carlson and Karl Alzner.
"We have lots of perimeter shots, but we don't have traffic in front of the net," Ovechkin said. "You see all these shots that he makes, he sees everything."
Washington coach Barry Trotz pointed to the 82 shot attempts as an indication of his team's dominant play. There's no arguing the Capitals were the better team.
"We had a couple good looks and we didn't finish them," Trotz said. "They got a little bit of a lucky goal. You put the puck to the net, sometimes, it goes in. It did. I went off, I think it was Chorney's toe and went in, and it was really a nothing play. If we play like that, next game, we should be fine."
Game 6 is noon Sunday at Wells Fargo Center. Even the thought of a Game 6 earlier in the week would have been unfathomable, but thanks to Neuvirth it's a reality.
"Neuvy stole us a game," Flyers forward Sam Gagner said. "He's made a lot of big, timely saves for us and kept us alive."
Relying on Neuvirth to withstand onslaught after onslaught is not the Flyers' plan moving forward, but there is some history to that in Washington. A handful of Capitals players need only think back to 2010 when Jaroslav Halak stopped 217 of 231 shots and the Montreal Canadiens erased a 3-1 series deficit to pull off the upset.
That same year, the Flyers erased a 3-0 deficit to beat the Boston Bruins.
Game notes
Chris VandeVelde added an empty-netter for the Flyers with 30.8 seconds left. ... Capitals forward T.J. Oshie fought Flyers forward Brayden Schenn off the opening faceoff. The Capitals were unhappy about Schenn slashing Evgeny Kuznetsov in the leg during Game 4, and Schenn respected Oshie for challenging him to a fight. ... Washington defenseman Brooks Orpik missed his second consecutive game with an upper-body injury suffered on a hit by White on Monday.
Kirsten Dunst and Donald Sutherland are among those that will join president George Miller on the jury.
Jury president George Miller will be joined by a bevy of past prize winners on this year's Cannes Film Festival jury.
American actress Kirsten Dunst, who won the best actress prize at Cannes for Melancholia in 2011 and starred in Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette (2006), and Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen, who won the best actor prize four years ago for his performance in The Hunt, are among those who will walk the red carpet with the Mad Max helmer.
Hungarian director Laszlo Nemes — whose first feature Son of Saul was a major surprise last year, winning the fest's Grand Prize and going on to win the best foreign-language film Oscar — also will be on this year's panel. Festival director Thierry Fremaux told The Hollywood Reporter that that film was "the biggest revelation" for him last year.
Italian multihyphenate Valeria Golina, probably best known to American audiences for her role in Rain Man but known in her native Italy as an actress, director and writer, also will be on the Cannes jury. Her Honey appeared in the Un Certain Regard section in 2013 and took home the Ecumenical Jury prize.
Legendary actor Donald Sutherland and French actress Vanessa Paradis also have been named to the panel..
Cannes regular Arnaud Desplechin, the Cesar-winning French filmmaker that has had five movies in the main competition and last year's My Golden Days in the Un Certain Regard sidebar, also will join.
Iranian producer Katayoon Shahabi will round out the jury. Shahabi produced From Iran, A Separation, a documentary following the political reactions after Asghar Farhadi won the Oscar for his 2011 film A Separation.
Farhadi's latest film, A Salesman, was added to the competition lineup just last week. As previously announced, Miller will head up the jury. The Cannes Film Festival is set to run May 11-24.
As you've all heard by now, NicoNico and Funimation have launched a joint licensing venture. NicoNico asked me to provide a 2-minute video commentary for their presentation and I obliged. Unfortunately 2 minutes isn't enough time to really give all my thoughts on this joint venture, so I've decided to go into more detail here, on Anime News Network. The text of my 2-minute commentary is below, and after it I will expand on several points.
My name is Christopher Macdonald I am the CEO of Anime News Network. I've been asked to comment on the joint venture between NicoNico and Funimation. First, I would like to congratulate Gen Fukunaga and James Spahn as well as everyone at Funimation and NicoNico who made this venture happen. Along with many of my coworkers at Anime News Network, I firmly believe that online streaming is exceptionally important to the future of the anime industry, and that the industry will be in a lot of trouble if it can't make streaming work to everyone's benefit. My coworkers and I have been advocating this for many years now, but unfortunately we have also had to admit that streaming isn't reaching it's full potential, and for the most part it sadly isn't profitable for everyone involved. This joint venture is a step in the right direction. By working together, Funimation and NicoNico will be able to focus on and monetize their respective business areas while benefiting from the activities of the other. This venture should give consumers access to more streaming anime and ultimately result in more titles being released for home video. A win-win-win situation for both companies, Japanese licensors and anime fans. There's still a lot of work ahead for both Funimation and NicoNico and a new challenge for their competitors, but I think this is a good day for anime fans and industry alike. Thank you.
Let's start off with NicoNico, how is this venture good for NicoNico? It's very obvious. Funimation is the 900 pound gorilla of the anime licensing world while simulcast-only licensees like Crunchyroll and NicoNico are at the opposite end of the spectrum. In most cases, licensors only give titles to Crunchyroll and NicoNico when DVD licensees aren't interested in the license. In other words, simulcast-only licensees get to fight over the table scraps. NicoNico has now aligned itself with the 900 pound gorilla. Funico is the new 900 pound licensing gorilla. In other words, NicoNico will, in most cases, get first pick on whatever simulcasts it wants.
Funimation's benefit from this venture is a little less obvious. Their first, and perhaps biggest benefit is that they no longer have to stream anime. Funimation isn't in the anime streaming business to make a profit. Very few of their anime streams are profitable. Their most important reasons for streaming anime are to promote the titles and to gauge fan interest in those titles. Sometimes Funimation licenses a title for streaming and video (DVD/BD) release, while other times they license it only for streaming and they determine whether or not to license it for video based on how popular it was when it streamed. Now Funimation no longer has to do any of this. They can leave all the work to NicoNico, and since NicoNico wants to stream as many titles as possible, Funimation will now get the opportunity to evaluate titles they would not otherwise have considered for home video. This venture will probably lead them to license more anime.
Japanese licensors of course benefit because more titles will be picked up for simulcast and home video. This deal means more sales. There are a variety of other benefits a well, but sales are what's important.
This brings us to the most important participants: anime fans. How will you benefit from the Funico deal? Again, it's pretty simple when you take the previous three paragraphs into consideration. This deal will lead to more simulcasts and it will lead to more anime on DVD and Blu-ray. It also means more money flowing back to Japan, resulting in more production budget for future shows. Of course, this is assuming you are happy with NicoNico's streaming services. At first, a lot of fans will be annoyed that so many titles are going to NicoNico and not one of the other services like Crunchyroll. And with good reason; Crunchyroll offers HD and their encoding is better. NicoNico has already told us that they will be offering HD to their subscribers (currently $0.25 to subscribe), and I fully expect that NicoNico will fix its video encoding soon (hopefully this season), so with that in mind, yes, this is good for anime fans. The only possible downside is needing to subscribe to two different websites, but even when NicoNico inevitably increases their prices, the combined cost of NicoNico and Crunchyroll will be about the same as a single reasonable DVD per season.
I don't know yet how this will affect consumers outside of North America though. NicoNico does want to be an international site, however Funimation is clearly active only in North America. There is currently alot of behind-the-scenes discussion regarding overseas, English-speaking markets, and the outcome isn't certain yet.
I wouldn't want to be the competition right now though, especially Crunchyroll. With this deal, there's very little reason for any licensor to let a title go to Crunchyroll if NicoNico wants it, even if Crunchyroll offers more money. This is a prediction, but I fully expect Funico to tell licensors “We're very unlikely to license a title for video if it streams on Crunchyroll.” By no means will it be impossible for Crunchyroll to license simulcasts, however the number of titles available to them will probably decrease, and the MG (upfront minimum guarantee, or the minimum amount of money per episode they're willing to pay for the right to stream the show) they need to pay for each license may increase again (they were ridiculously high for a while but have now stabilized at “reasonable” levels). Crunchyroll's only attractive option may be to find a home video licensee to align itself with.
Which brings us to the other home video licensees. How does today's announcement affect them? While it certainly isn't as much of a potential issue for them as it is for Crunchyroll, in my estimation, it isn't good news. The Houston group ("Neo-ADV" – Section23, Sentai Filmworks and the Anime Channel) will be least affected. They are already able to operate similarly to Funico, although (ironically) they are less integrated than Funico at some levels. This leaves companies like Viz Media, Bandai Entertainment and Media Blasters disadvantaged when competing with Funimation for licenses (or rather, more disadvantaged than they presently are). My hope is that these companies will develop similar strategic partnerships that will put them on equal footing with Funimation and NicoNico, this would be the ideal situation for consumers.
Today's news is very important to the future of the North American anime industry, more important than many people may at first realize. It will be very interesting to see what kind of impact it will have on the landscape. Personally, anything that brings more anime legitimately to our shores is something that makes me happy.
One of the reasons people stay with a particular type of hypervisor is that it is too hard (or too costly) to migrate to another type. All that drama of converting, testing and making sure all is right and then the risk of having to move back if something went wrong.
Sure, there are separate software tools you can buy to do the conversion for you . . . but what if the virtualisation infrastructure itself – the thing that is actually providing your servers and storage – could do it as an in-built function? What if that could be done just by clicking a few buttons?
So in the demo video below, I take a running Windows VM on a Nutanix Cluster “A” running vSphere and then take a snapshot of it and send it to a second Nutanix Cluster “B” running Nutanix's own free Hypervisor (AHV) and then start the VM. Job done. Easy.
Here's the setup:
..and here's the demo:
For brevity, I cut out the initial one-off processes to set up the Replication. The full process was below (check out the Nutanix Index for articles describing setting up Replication):
1. Setup a Data Protection Remote Site ‘pair' of clusters (so that they can replicate to each other) and test the connection.
Site A (ESXi cluster)
Site B (AHV cluster)
2. Set up a Protection Domain policy, add the VM you want to be a part of the replication policy and set a schedule.
3. On the Windows VM on ESXi on site A that you want to snap to Site B running AHV, make sure you install the Nutanix VM Mobility drivers MSI from the my.nutanix.com support portal. (These will soon be included in Nutanix Guest Tools (NGT) post Nutanix AOS 4.6 release, so by installing the NGT you will automatically get the VM Mobility drivers). The Nutanix VM Mobility installer deploys the drivers that are required at the destination AHV cluster. After you prepare the source VMs, they can be exported (snapped) to the AHV cluster.
4. Run the snapshot and restore operation as per the video. That's it!
A few points to note:
In the video I am just taking a crash-consistent snapshot, if you want a clean snap then shut down the source VM first, then snap, then restore. Live app-consistent snapshots will be coming in 4.6 for ESXi and AHV.
Obviously if your VMs have static IPs or to avoid computer naming issues, you should take care of these before joining the newly created AHV VM to the network. When you restore the VM on AHV, by default there is no virtual nic connected (so the risk is minimal if you just want to test). If you wanted it to connect to the network you would attach a nic to the restored VM on via Prism on the AHV cluster (go to the VM page).
Only 64-bit guest operating systems are supported at the time of writing (Nutanix AOS 4.5).
For Windows 7 and Windows 2008 R2 operating systems, you have to install SHA-2 code signing support patch before installing Nutanix VM Mobility installer. For more information, see https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/security/3033929.
More info can be found in the Nutanix Prism Web Console Guide under the “Nutanix VM Mobility for Windows” section – which can be found on the Nutanix Support Portal.
Use cases:
A lot of people are trying AHV for the first time, and larger customers usually have a test/dev set of Nutanix nodes for testing. This method would be perfect to try snapping production VMs on AHV for testing and verify all is OK.
Also, I can see a use case where DR clusters could now use the in-built AHV on Nutanix clusters and save some licensing dollars.
It would also be possible to use Nutanix Community Edition as the AHV target – in case you had some spare hardware and wanted to just try this out without the need for a full Nutanix set of nodes.
Future software plans:
In a few weeks (early 2016), Nutanix will release AOS 4.6. With it, two-way VM conversion (ESXi<->AHV in either direction) should be included. In a future release AOS is expected to add support for Hyper-V, delta disks, and volume groups.
Yes, Nutanix will enable the ability to leave AHV and migrate your VMs *back* to ESXi (for example) should you choose. Put simply, the onus is on Nutanix to keep innovating to maintain your loyalty, rather than any technical or license ‘lock-in'. At the end of the day your workloads are just virtual machines – you should be free to move them wherever you see fit (even away from Nutanix if you choose).
There will be lots of improvement and extra features coming in future releases of course, which you will get by simply doing a standard Nutanix non-disruptive upgrade.
Conclusion:
In essence, you can see why going Hyper-converged makes doing things like this almost trivial compared trying to do the same in a traditional 3-tier infrastructure (separate servers and storage layers). As the Nutanix software improves, your life gets easier each time. With each Nutanix release, more and more features like this will continue to be added and improved. Being 100% in-software is going to be a necessity in the next decade and beyond.
Thanks to @danmoz for letting me borrow his Dell XC cluster… and I treated it badly too (eg. multiple times I hard powered it off with no care – and it self-recovered every time).
It was supposed to be a nice thing, to celebrate the solar eclipse and her birthday.
Vancouver realtor Candace Rohrick was giving away more than 1,200 free solar eclipse glasses — a hot commodity needed to safely view the Aug. 21 eclipse.
But after she started handing them out — and put about 150 packets of them in the mail Sunday night — she got a tip Monday that what she thought were ISO-certified glasses might be fakes.
"I'm totally heartbroken by this," Rohrick told CBC News.
"We have not had anything confirmed, but we definitely want to be safe and just say that they're not to be used."
Authorities, including the Better Business Bureau in Vancouver, have been warning about fake glasses being sold online, and mega-retailer Amazon is contacting consumers who may have bought counterfeit glasses through its website.
The risks are serious. Without proper protection, the sun can burn and scar the retinal tissue of your eye, so relying on fake glasses to watch the eclipse could result in permanent eye damage.
Amazon says it has contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses to watch the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse that 'may not comply with industry standards.' (Exploratorium/NASA)
Real vs. fake
When Rohrick's husband, Preston, ordered the glasses online, he thought he'd checked for all the proper symbols to know whether their light-filtering properties had been tested by an accredited laboratory.
They looked identical to ones sold on Amazon, said Preston Rohrick, but he purchased them in bulk from a vendor on the retail website AliExpress for around $1 US per pair.
They have a stamp claiming to meet ISO (International Organization for Standardization) requirements, as well as other markings and the name of a brand that's listed as trusted by the American Astronomical Society.
The glasses Rohrick purchased appeared to be made by a trusted company. But the fine print inside didn't match what the company's website says should be on their authentic glasses. (Candace Rohrick)
That company, American Paper Optics based in Bartlett, Tenn., has said it started ramping up production two years ago, and expects to make 50 million plastic and paper eclipse glasses for this celestial event.
Rohrick offered the glasses for free on her website, and people could sign up for two to four pairs to be delivered in time for the eclipse.
However, after a local paper wrote about Rohrick's giveaway, a reader suggested the glasses might not be real, said Rohrick.
She learned of this mid-afternoon Monday — with hundreds of glasses already on their way to people — and scrambled to check out the claim.
She realized her glasses didn't have the address of the company — one of the markings the company's website says should appear on legitimate glasses.
"I am deeply sorry about this event and I feel totally crushed," said Rohrick.
"We contacted American Paper optics which we can't get a hold of. We contacted our supplier. We cannot get a hold of them, so we've elected to just not give them out.'"
American Paper Optics is one of the trusted brands according to the American Astronomical Society, but it warns that knockoffs exist that haven't gone through the same safety certification. (American Paper Optics)
As for the glasses already delivered, Rohrick is emailing and calling everyone who got them, and even got Canada Post to take the extraordinary step of pulling the packages she put in the mail the night before.
"They were only able to do this because of the risk involved."
The Rohricks have reported the glasses to AliExpress, owned by Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, as a suspicious product, and received an email back that said "the reported listing(s) are neither prohibited nor controlled item(s) under our Product Listing Policy."
Alibaba has not responded to a request from CBC News for comment.
Desperate for glasses
Meanwhile, people who don't yet have their hands on eclipse glasses are finding dwindling options.
The American Astronomical Society warns most vendors are sold out. In Vancouver, Science World and the H.R. MacMillan Space Centre were offering them but supplies are gone. (Both will have eclipse viewers available at their public events.)
London Drugs appears sold out too.
Cardboard frames for solar eclipse glasses are stacked in the American Paper Optics factory in Bartlett, Tenn. (Associated Press)
Yesterday, even as Rohrick was on the phone alerting people not to use her glasses, others were calling hoping she still had some.
"I'm getting emails and phone calls constantly, people desperately looking for the glasses."
As for the eclipse itself, Rohrick's family had planned a happy trip to Oregon for her birthday, reserving a coveted hotel room in the zone where the total eclipse can be seen.
Now, the first priority is dealing with the glasses, then reassessing their travel plans.
"We'll figure out something, but this definitely put a damper on it."
Shooting Industry July Digital Edition
Industry Industrynews Insights Into Defensive Knife Sales — pg. 22 Ruger Launches “Million Gun Challenge” To Benefit NRA S turm, Ruger & Co. Inc. (NYSE: RGR) has announced the “Million Gun Challenge” to benefit the NRA. Ruger pledges to donate $1 million to the NRA if one million new Ruger firearms are sold between the 2011 and 2012 NRA shows. “Our goal is to present the NRA with a check for $1 million during the 141st NRA Annual Meeting in St. Louis next April,” said Mike Fifer, Ruger CEO. “This substantial donation would reflect a record-breaking feat in the firearms industry, as we believe no company has ever sold one-million firearms in a 12-month period. With the help of our loyal customers, we hope to make history, and to share that accomplishment with the NRA.” Ruger has a strong presence in the marketplace, and, according to reports from the ATF, Ruger was the top U.S. manufacturer of firearms in 2008 and 2009, the latest data available. In 2009, the company made 933,559 firearms, a 55.8-percent increase over 2008. Fifer, who reports the company made over 900,000 firearms in 2010, believes the manufacturing numbers, along with a strong sell-through performance, places Ruger in a good position to sell a million guns in one year. “The sell-through has been pretty steady, and with the factors that drive the macro market, I think it's the right time for us to make a big push. We want to be the first company to sell a million guns,” Fifer said. This year's NRA event motivated Fifer to set the milestone goal. “I saw the really favorable response we received at this year's NRA show, and I decided we'd like to make a big contribution to the NRA. I latched onto the idea that Mr. Ruger's dream was to do a million guns and he got close, but he never quite got there. We have been close now, and I think this is our big opportunity to put the big push on,” Fifer said. Ruger will measure its results using sales results of this year's second, third and fourth quarters and next year's first quarter — April 1, 2011 through March 31, 2012. Key to succeeding is a direct appeal to consumers, Fifer said. “I'm coming right out and asking our consumers to help us do it. We can't do it without their help. It's going to be a lot of long hours to Continued on page 17 Mike Fifer, Ruger CEO, talks to customers during a May Ruger Sales Event at Shooters Firearms & Accessories in Jacksonville, Fla. Bills Introduced To Protect Traditional Ammunition I n response to continued attacks by anti-hunting groups to ban traditional ammunition (ammunition containing lead-core components), bipartisan legislation has been introduced in the House of Representatives and Senate. The objective of the legislation, H.R. 1558 and S. 838, is to clarify the longstanding exemption of ammunition and ammunition components under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) of 1976. The legislation was introduced by Sens. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) and John Thune (R-S.D.), and Reps. Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) and Mike Ross (D-Ark.), all co-chairmen of the Congressional Sportsmen's Caucus. The “Hunting, Fishing and Recreational Shooting Sports Protection Act” is being championed by NSSF. The act also calls for lead fishing tackle, similarly under attack from anti-hunting groups, to be exempt from the TSCA. “We applaud and thank Sen. Tester and Sen. Thune, and Rep. Miller and Rep. Ross, for introducing this commonsense measure,” said Steve Sanetti, NSSF president. “This bill will continue to ensure that America's hunters and shooters can choose for themselves the best ammunition to use, instead of unnecessarily mandating the universal use of expensive alternatives.” To encourage your senators and representatives to support this legislation, visit www.nssf.org/govrel. NSSF also has an excellent downloadable fact sheet: “The Facts on Traditional Ammunition.” Visit www.nssf.org/factsheets. Glock Supports NRA Groups See page 10 $115,000 NSSF Grants Available To Boy Scouts See page 24 $100,000 Attendees To Shooting Industry Masters See page 110 350+ Subscribe to SI Digital: 8 JULY 2011 www.shootingindustry.com. Read SI DIGITAL It's Free! www.shootingindustry.com
Igor Girkin, the lone military commander of the Slovyansk rebels, showed up on our maps just under a month ago. The Ukrainian SBU had intercepted phone calls between someone referred to as “Strelok” (the Shooter), variably referred to as Strelkov, and a Moscow number. In the calls, Strelok was a Russian-accented voice who reported to his anonymous Moscow overlord on the successful assassination of a a team of Ukrainian “Alfa” seals. In a later phone call, the same voice could be heard issuing commands to Slovyansk fighters, instructing them to kidnap the OSCE observers.
A combination of SBU investigations and journalistic (mostly web-crawling) work had painted the following picture of Strelkov:
His real name was Igor Girkin, he was born on December 17th 1970, and he was normally living in a shabby suburb of Moscow with his mother.
He had been a colonel in the Russian army. His Moscow neighbors thought he had served in “some sort of intelligence services”, and described him as abnormally proud to wear his military uniform. Some neighbors who had known him as a child described a nerdish boy who could not communicate with other kids his age.
Widely publicized was his interest in historical military reenactment, which kind of goes well his neighbors' description of a dysfunctional childhood.
He had fought as a volunteer in the Serbo-Bosnian war of 1992, on the Serb side. In memoirs he had written for various veterans' magazines, he described gruesome war stories in which the Muslim enemies were clearly dehumanized (and the Serb fellow-fighters ridiculed as cowards). He insisted that he had gone to fight not as a soldier of fortune, but out of a sense of duty to the fellow-Orthodox Slavs against the savage Muslims. (Ironically, this essay was published in a Russian trade magazine called “Soldier of Fortune”)
He had written fiction books, most recently “The Haldyborne Castle Detective”, a truly creepy children's fantasy about ghosts and children looking for a treasure and magical trolls and other derivatives. The illustrations in the book were by his older sister. (Again, let's not forget what his neighbors told us). He also published dozens of poems, ranging from patriotic, through military, to philosophical. NB! All his literary works were published under the Strelkov name.
(Again, let's not forget what his neighbors told us). He also published dozens of poems, ranging from patriotic, through military, to philosophical. NB! All his literary works were published under the Strelkov name. The SBU reported that his first “legal” entry into Ukraine in 2014 had been pin-pointed to March 24th. They had identified that he had played some role in the Crimean occupation and subsequent secession, prior to moving East and heading the Slovyansk/Donetsk military operations.
In another intercepted phone call, he was heard coordinating the release of the OSCE hostages with Putin's special representative Lukin; on the call, Girkin referred to having been “told to release them” by an anonymous higher power.
In mid 2013, Girkin had taken part in a Moscow security conference of some sort, focused on the security implications of the Syrian conflict; his contribution to the conference was to warn that Russia was under threat from immigrants, and that to prevent risk of terrorism, Russia should not count on strictly legal methods alone.
In my own investigations, I had also stumbled upon a highly intriguing online presence. Strelkov had participated – for years – in a Russian online simulation military game, called “Republic SHGID” . I could trace his gaming activities back to at least 2010, and his posts continued well into 2014. In late March, on the day Crimea was annexed by Russia, the jubilant gamers went out of character on the game forum and started praising Putin and exchanging congratulations. It was here that Stelkov pinpointed to his fellow-gamers:
“By the way, you should congratulate me too, as I myself contributed significantly to this victory” Another gamer, apparently with some knowledge of who Strelkov was, replied: “Dear Igor G, we knew very well that you didn't go down there to sun-bathe your ass” Yet another gamer asked: “By the way, do you have anything to do with – or were you – the uncatchable Kiev snipers?” To which Girkin replied: “You want to live longer, ask fewer questions :)”
Unfortunately, soon after I discovered this trove of online conversations and tweeted about it, the site was locked and emptied of all presence of Strelkov's postings. His profile page is still there, though. Indeed, I found it highly intriguing that someone who is fighting a real war by day would have the time to take part in a simulated (low-tech) online war at night. That is, unless the in-game communication was part of a disguised out-of-game communication with the “overlords”. There were indeed many postings by Strelkov that could have had dual use, such as “I ran out of ammo for the machine guns, please send some more“. Sadly, now that the site is locked , we will never be able to know the truth on that.
Anyway, this was all that we knew about Girkin until yesterday. Then came the announcement that the Russian branch of Anonymous had hacked into his email and published a few extracts that fill in a lot of gaps in his life, and promise to fill in more in future leaks. Here is a summary of what else we know now.
In one email, Girkin makes a self-introduction to someone. “Anonymous” have redacted the identity of that someone, but Girkin begins by saying “now that I know everything about you as I delved without your permission into our files, it is only fair that you know a bit more about me too”. From his focus on historical reenactment it appears this is a reenactment partner (or whatever they call each other there). Here's what he shares with us:
“Strelkov” was originally his secret military alias. Later he adopted the same alias for his literary and “gaming” lives.
He graduated in Moscow as a “historical archivist”, but never worked as one and moved into the “traditional for my family military sphere”.
He fought as a volunteer in the Transnistria secession war (1992), in Bosnia (1992-1993), and in Chechnya (“under a contract” in 1995).
From 1996 onwards he served as an officer at FSB (the former KGB). He says he worked for the FSB until “March of this year”, but as the email is undated we cannot be sure which year that is. (Yet, it is a very recent year, as it is the year in which he went into military retirement – typically not earlier than 40, in Russia) Today Anonymous published a new batch of emails, which show that Girkin worked for FSB until early 2013.
Today Anonymous published a new batch of emails, which show that Girkin worked for FSB until early 2013. In the 1999-2005 period, he was almost permanently dislocated in Chechnya. There he was wounded several times and received medals of honor for that.
Due to staff cutbacks, he was sent into reserve as a Colonel.
“Currently” (as of mid-2013) he was organizing the retirement paperwork, and as of the spring of the said year became Chief of Security of Marshall Capital, one of Russia's largest investment funds, controlling, among others, Rostelecom. Anonymous published several corporate emails between Girkin and colleagues, showing Girkin organized security for Marshall Capital's billionaire owner Konstantin Malofeev's US visit in September 2013.
Twice divorced, the latest time – 5 years ago. Children live with mother(s), he doesn't see them often, but sends them money.
He got obsessed with historical military reenactment during his student years.
Another email is less private but potentially more important for understanding what Russia's role in Ukraine has been. This time the mail is dated : March 10th, 2014. It's a letter to Girkin, from some other Igor (possibly Igor Bezlov, of the fame of this phone-call where he instructed Slovyansk rebels how to kidnap local MP Rybak, and bring him to him blindfolded – later the MP was found dead)
The letter reads:
“On Monday at 10:00 an Auto-Euromaidan convoy will be coming from Odessa. We edpect it will merge with other convoys and will try to peacefully enter into Sevastopol. We expect up to 1000 cars, that means 4000 persons, part of them women and most likely children. They will try to organize a corridor for the army and create chaos, as they did in Kiev. All of this will be video-streamed. Prepare Molotov cocktails for the cars and as many people as possible, so they can't get through. And be careful, these monsters are ready to kill their own kind for the PR and propaganda. Do not under any conditions let them merge with the Tatars. Possibly some of them will have weapons and shields; take away everything that may be used by them….currently in Odessa and in the region in our units there is active work on repairing shields; we have even taken out some boxes from the 60s. “
A further stash of emails sheds light on Girkin's role in recruitment and advising for Russian mercenaries in the Slavonic Corps in the war in Syria. I will address these in a future post.
UPDATE: the newly hacked emails, released by Anonymous International, show that – in his own words – Girkin worked for the Russian FSB between 1996 and early 2013, when he retired. Thus it becomes increasingly unlikely that his posting in Crimea is of his own Napoleonic initiative, and suggests an active linkage between him and FSB/GRU today.
UPDATE 2: I re-read my records of Girkin's posts on the war-game site. Interestingly, in all of them he promises his gaming buddies to be back in Moscow “by early June”. Note that he wrote this in March and April, when he was in active combat in Slovyansk and surrounded by Ukrainian army. Thus his “return plans” may be just his wishful thinking, or it may suggest a very specific end-game and timeline planned by his Moscow overlords, that may yet unfold before our eyes. Any ideas on what this may mean, please feel free to use the comment box below.
Advertisements
A two-alarm blaze has totally destroyed a Ukrainian Catholic Church in Brampton, Ont., outside Toronto.
The fire at St. Elias the Prophet Church, located on Heritage Road north of Bovaird Drive West, started around 7 a.m. and by 8:10 a.m., according one witness, the entire building was fully engulfed by flames.
"There is practically nothing left," wrote Twitter user Tash Reed in a tweet less than 20 minutes later.
More than 15 fire trucks and dozens of firefighters responded but, after extinguishing the blaze, only a skeleton of the church remained.
Firefighters said there was very little they could do to stop the mostly wooden building from burning to the ground. They added there were were no fire hydrants nearby and that high winds fuelled the massive flames.
St. the Elias the Prophet Church, made almost entirely of soft wood, was totally destroyed following a massive fire. (Tash Reed/Twitter) ​The pastor was inside the church at the time but was able to escape unharmed.
Peel Regional Police say there are no reports of injuries.
“This is a community of deep faith and this is just a tragedy,” said Brampton Mayor Susan Fennell at the scene.
According to the church's website, the building was built through fundraising efforts in 1995 and is “steeped in the Byzantine Ukrainian tradition of wooden architecture." Its structure consisted of “heavy Douglas fir timbers sheathed in western red cedar.”
”All our churches are beautiful but this is the one we fell in love with because of the structure itself,” said Salwko Nazarowicz, parishioner.
The parish community began in 1976.
Fire officials believe the fire started somewhere in the basement.
Police say the cause of the fire will be investigated.
Three terror suspects have been arrested (Picture: Reuters)
Three men have been detained on suspicion of plotting a terror attack on the 10th anniversary of the 7/7 bombings.
Two Afghans – known only as Azmatullah and Abdul Rehman – and one Pakistani – Muhammed Ibrahim – were arrested in Pakistan's North West province – a dangerous territory which borders Afghanistan.
Maps of London, laptops and IS propaganda were seized from the men, who were captured after a raid on a Peshawar shop.
It's thought the three men were planning an attack on the British capital in the name of the Islamic State.
MORE: WhatsApp and Facebook could be trawled by police in a bid to prevent terror attacks
The men were arrested on Thursday in a raid on a bazaar near Peshawar (Picture: Getty)
Peter Clarker, the former terror chief at Scotland Yard, warned the extremist group pose ‘a huge deadly threat'.
‘At the moment we are arresting one person for terror-related crimes every day. That's the highest rate at any point in 15 years, apart from the immediate aftermath of 9/11 and 7/7.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘There are 120 people awaiting trial as we speak.'
A police report of the arrests read: ‘In the initial search police found literature in favour of Islamic State and Taliban.'
A spokesperson for Pakistan's interior ministry confirmed airport security checks have been ‘intensified' ahead of the 7/7 anniversary.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
This is no surprise to liberals, of course. We've known it for some time. Repression and authoritarianism has been in the air for some time – it was not invented by George W. Bush – it merely coalesced under his administration. The result was a crushing blow to Americans' civil liberties, including suspension of habeas corpus on October 17, 2006. Bush's actions were, in Sarah Palin's words, a “refudiation” of the Constitution and all it stands for.
Article I, Section 9, clause 2 of the Constitution states,
“The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.”
Obviously, the United States had not been invaded, and there was no rebellion. But when you treat the Constitution like a loose set of guidelines you can fudge a little.
But habeas corpus is only a single example, There are many ways in which the Republican Party has chipped away at our civil liberties.
You can search the news and speeches and press releases but you won't see much being said about civil liberties by Republican politicians or pundits. What you will see are efforts to discourage voting, to disenfranchise voters, especially minorities, but now also by wishing to restrict the franchise to property owners; the restriction of constitutionally-guaranteed rights to gays and lesbians, racial equality, women's reproductive rights, and the destruction of the wall of separation between church and state.
Still, it is surprising when the Republicans themselves admit their abhorrence of civil liberties, as did Senator Jefferson Beauregard “Jeff” Sessions III (R-AL) of the Senate Judiciary Committee (in fact, its ranking Republican) who denounced the American Civil Liberties Union on the Senate floor this week.
He was concerned, he said, about Obama judicial appointees who have what he termed “ACLU DNA.” It might help here to know that Senator Sessions was the National Journal's fifth-most conservative U.S. Senator in their March 2007 Conservative/Liberal Rankings, just below DeMint, SC, Bunning, KY, Cornyn, TX and Kyl, AZ. “August” company indeed.
“[T]he administration,” he ranted, “needs to understand that this is going to be a more contentious matter if we keep seeing the ACLU chromosome as part of this process.”
For the record, the ACLU defends the civil liberties of ALL Americans. That includes, despite right-wing propaganda, the civil liberties of Christians – including defending the right of Christian students to protest against the ACLU at school and the wearing of anti-Islam t-shirts at school. And it also of course, defends Republicans when their civil liberties are challenged.
Some Christians seem to recognize that the ALCU is not evil – that is the title of an article in an evangelical magazine, Christianity Today. But Republicans seem not to recognize this.
It is not a matter of the ACLU taking sides; they did not put themselves against the Republican Party. It is the Republican Party that has put itself against the civil liberties of all Americans.
Civil liberties, you see, are non-denominational. They apply to everyone. And everyone has them; we are all equal before the law according to the Constitution.
And yet, according to Senator Sessions, support of those civil liberties is now as disqualifying as such things as paganism, atheism or Islam or homosexuality, some other notable right-wing shibboleths.
As the ACLU asks, what would the existence of such a thing as ACLU DNA indicate?
A predisposition to defend the rights enshrined in the Constitution for everyone, regardless of their political beliefs? A tendency to think that indefinite detention, religious bigotry and racial profiling are unprincipled and un-American?
An inclination to protect the Constitution and defend the rule of law without exception?
The anti-ACLU atmosphere engendered by Republican rhetoric is reminiscent of the anti-Communist hysteria of the ‘50s. All of us who are old enough remember the old “card-carrying member of the Communist party” rhetoric. As the ACLU says, “We've been down this road before. We've seen attacks on ‘card-carrying members of the ACLU.' We can never yield to this kind of intimidation.”
As the ACLU says, “freedom can't protect itself” and the Republicans have proven they won't protect it. Apparently it's not enough to oppose civil liberties and the Constitution, or to be ignorant of them; now you've got to denounce them publicly too. That, my friends, is Republican Purity.
Note: The ACLU's official response to Sessions can be found here.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
If you never saw the first MACGRUBER, then don't feel left out. Not many people did. However, the Will Forte comedy has slowly started to build a cult following since it hit video and cable, bringing in viewers who kept their distance during the theatrical run. It barely made two nickels to rub together, but that hasn't stopped its influence from spreading.
Despite the lack of box office success, director Jorma Taccone is developing a sequel to the film with star Will Forte. "It would be me, Will and John [Solomon] writing it again. Every time I hang out with Will, we talk about all our cool ideas for the sequel. We have the idea for it and we have a title, but I won't tell you what it is."
Taccone didn't reveal much in terms of where the story would go, but did reveal that, in the spirit of his favorite film, DIE HARD, the sequel would take place during Christmas. He also said that they wouldn't be going down the "baby" route just yet, after MacGruber and Vicki St. Elmo (Kristen Wiig) hooked up at the end of the first film, so you can rest easy there.
The original starred Forte as the character of MacGruber, which he created on SNL in a series of skits that mocked the famed TV MacGuyver. It's probably one of the more successful SNL skit-to-screen transitions in that it really pulls out the stops with an R-rating and some pretty raunchy content. Usually, they play it pretty safe.
Although Taccone is developing a number of other projects and Forte has just signed on to star in director Alexander Payne's next film, Nebraska, he says,“It would be a shame not to do another one," and that the pair would eventually find time to get MacGruber and his Miata back on screen.
What do you guys think? Do we really want another MACGRUBER or is the first one enough?
Buddhist flag
[ why? ] in Beijing. A Buddhist flag flying upside downin Beijing.
The Buddhist flag is a flag designed in the late 19th century to symbolize and universally represent Buddhism.[1] It is used by Buddhists throughout the world.[1]
History [ edit ]
The flag was originally designed in 1885 by the Colombo Committee, in Colombo, Sri Lanka.[2][permanent dead link]The committee consisted of Ven. Hikkaduwe Sri Sumangala Thera (chairman), Ven. Migettuwatte Gunananda Thera, Don Carolis Hewavitharana (father of Anagarika Dharmapala), Andiris Perera Dharmagunawardhana (maternal grandfather of Anagarika Dharmapala), Charles A. de Silva, Peter De Abrew, William De Abrew (father of Peter), H. William Fernando, N. S. Fernando and Carolis Pujitha Gunawardena (secretary).[2]
It was first hoisted in public on Vesak day, 28 May 1885[1] at the Dipaduttamarama, Kotahena, by Ven. Migettuwatte Gunananda Thera.[3] This was the first Vesak public holiday under British rule.[3]
Colonel Henry Steel Olcott, an American journalist, founder and first president of the Theosophical Society, felt that its long streaming shape made it inconvenient for general use. He therefore suggested modifying it so that it was the size and shape of national flags.[1]
In 1889 the modified flag was introduced to Japan by Anagarika Dharmapala and Olcott—who presented it to Emperor Meiji—and subsequently to Burma.[4]
At the 1952 World Fellowship of Buddhists, the flag of Buddhists was adopted as the International Buddhist Flag.[5]
Colours [ edit ]
The six vertical bands of the flag represent the six colors of the aura which Buddhists believe emanated from the body of the Buddha when he attained Enlightenment:[6][1]
Blue (Nīla): The Spirit of Universal Compassion
Yellow (Pīta): The Middle Way
Red (Lohita): The Blessings of Practice – achievement, wisdom, virtue, fortune and dignity
White (Odāta): The Purity of Dhamma – leading to liberation, timeless
Orange (Manjesta): The Wisdom of the Buddha's teachings
The sixth vertical band, on the fly, is made up of a combination of rectangular bands of the five other colours, and represents a compound of the other five colours in the aura's spectrum. This compound colour is referred to as the Truth of the Buddha's teaching Pabbhassara ('essence of light').
Variants [ edit ]
[ citation needed ] The variant Japanese flag in Kyoto. [ citation needed ] The Dharmacakra flag, symbol of Buddhism in Thailand.
The nonsectarian Buddhist flag is flown over the temples of many different schools. However, some choose to change the colors of the flag to emphasize their own teachings.[citation needed]
Ban [ edit ]
In 1963, the Catholic President of South Vietnam Ngo Dinh Diem invoked a law prohibiting flags other than that of the nation, to ban the Buddhist flag from being flown on Vesak, when Vatican flags had habitually flown at government events. This led to protests, which were ended by lethal firing of weapons, starting the Buddhist crisis.[8]
Climate change will require major transformations in agricultural systems, including increased irrigation and moving production from one region to another, according to the new study, published in the journal Environmental Research Letters. However without careful planning for uncertain climate impacts, the chances of getting adaptation wrong are high, the study shows.
The new study by IIASA researchers provides a global scenario analysis that covers nine different climate scenarios, 18 crops and 4 crop management systems, as well as the interactions between crop production, consumption, prices, and trade. It specifically examines adaptations that are investment-intensive and not easily reversible, such as building new water management infrastructure for irrigation, or increases and decreases to the production capacity of a region. Such “transformations” the researchers say, need to be anticipated, but their implementation is particularly plagued by uncertainty.
“There is a lot of uncertainty in how climate change will impact agriculture, and what adaptations will be needed,” says IIASA Ecosystems Services and Management researcher David Leclère, who led the study. “Our new study is the first to examine at a global scale whether the adaptations required from agricultural systems are in the transformational range, and whether these transformations are robust across plausible scenarios. By looking at where, when, why, and which transformations are required, but also in how many scenarios, it lays the groundwork for countries to better plan for the impacts of climate change.”
In line with earlier results, the study finds that the impacts on crop yields of changes in climate, such as increased temperature, changing precipitation levels, along with the increased CO2 atmospheric concentration (which has a fertilizing effect on plants), could lead to anywhere between an 18% decline in global caloric production from cropland, to as much as a 3% increase by 2050. This biophysical impact varies widely across regions, crops, and management systems, thereby creating opportunities for adaptation at the same time.
By combining these climate and yield projections with the IIASA Global Biosphere Management Model (GLOBIOM)—a global model that includes land use, trade, consumption, water resources, and other factors, the researchers identified the likely needed adaptations and transformations for global agricultural systems.
“Our results confirm that the choice of the climate model used for estimating changes in climate largely shapes adaptations such as moving production from one region to another. But it also shows the importance of how regions are interconnected through trade: for example, in Latin America, where yields are projected to decrease in all scenarios, cropland could increase in some scenarios due to increased net exports to North America. In Europe, where yields are expected to increase due to climate change, cultivated land could decrease depending on the scenario, due to limited export opportunities,” says Leclère. Since such major transformations are difficult and expensive to reverse, the researchers say, a comprehensive analysis of interactions between the direct biophysical impacts of climate and market-driven interconnections between regions is vital.
Climate change will require major transformations in agricultural systems, but a huge amount of uncertainty remains. Here, a dairy farm in Bretagne, France. Photo Credit: Sacha Drouart
The study also reiterates the importance of limited water resources for future food security in a changing climate, showing that in a large part of the world, increases in irrigation larger than 25% may be required. However, the study found, where this would take place is extremely sensitive to the choice of the climate model as early as in the 2030s. Leclère says, “We have known for a long time that changes to rainfall are a major uncertainty. This study shows how important irrigation will be as an adaptive measure, but also how sensitive it is to different climate scenarios.”
Overall, the study finds, while adaptations are largely entering the transformational range by mid-21st century, almost none can be found to be robust across all scenarios. “People often say that agriculture is adaptable—that throughout history, agricultural systems have shown a large capacity to evolve,” says Leclère, “It's important to examine this assertion further, as achieving a climate-ready global food system will definitely be challenged by the uncertainties at stake.”
“After decades of global research efforts, scientists are only starting to understand the implications of climate change for the future global food system” says Michael Obersteiner, IIASA Ecosystems Services and Management Program Director and a study co-author. “We need to explore new and uncertainty-proof paradigms for long-term decision-making, and we also need a much better understanding of how to manage crucial resources such as water, which may become dramatically scarcer much earlier than previously thought.”
“Modelling tools are key to generate the knowledge for restraining climate change impacts on food security within acceptable boundaries without increasing the pressure on our resources,” says Petr Havlík, IIASA Ecosystems Services and Management researcher and leader of the GLOBIOM modeling team. “Our models show that there is an effective global adaptation strategy to any single climate change scenario. The challenge we face is to find the strategy which fits a hundred scenarios at the same time.”
Researchers from the Austrian University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences (BOKU), Mercator Research Institute on Global Commons and Climate Change (MCC ), and Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (CSIRO) also contributed to the study.
Reference
Leclere D, Havlik P, Fuss S, Schmid E, Mosnier A, Walsh B, Valin H, Herrero M, Khabarov N, and Obersteiner M. 2014. Climate change induced transformations of agricultural systems: insights from a global model. Environmental Research Letters. doi:10.1088/1748-9326/9/12/124018
The cyborgs are coming! US researchers reveal tiny robot that walks using a strip of lab-grown muscle cells
Robot can move by flexing skeletal muscle grafted onto it
Could lead to new generation of biological robots
It is the cyborg of the robot world, made up of both biological and mechanical parts.
Researchers have unveiled the first walking robot powered by live muscle.
The muscle is able to flex so the robot can propel itself across a lab - and researchers say it could lead to a new generation of flexible 'biobots'.
Scroll down for video
The biobot is able to move when an electrical current is applied to a strip of skeletal muscle, causing it to contract.
HOW IT WORKS The design is inspired by the muscle-tendon-bone complex found in nature.
There is a backbone of 3-D printed hydrogel, strong enough to give the bio-bot structure but flexible enough to bend like a joint.
Two posts serve to anchor a strip of muscle to the backbone, like tendons attach muscle to bone, but the posts also act as feet for the bio-bot.
A bot's speed can be controlled by adjusting the frequency of the electric pulses.
University of Illinois researchers developed the tiny muscle-powered 'bio-bots,' small biological machines that can be controlled with an electric current.
The walking 'bio-bots' are powered by muscle cells grown into a strip and controlled with electrical pulses, giving researchers unprecedented command over their function.
The group published its work in the online early edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Science.
'Biological actuation driven by cells is a fundamental need for any kind of biological machine you want to build,' said study leader Rashid Bashir, Abel Bliss Professor and head of bioengineering at the U. of I.
'We're trying to integrate these principles of engineering with biology in a way that can be used to design and develop biological machines and systems for environmental and medical applications.
'Biology is tremendously powerful, and if we can somehow learn to harness its advantages for useful applications, it could bring about a lot of great things.'
Bashir's group has been a pioneer in designing and building bio-bots, less than a centimeter in size, made of flexible 3-D printed hydrogels and living cells.
Previously, the group demonstrated bio-bots that 'walk' on their own, powered by beating heart cells from rats.
Tiny walking 'bio-bots' are powered by muscle cells and controlled by an electric field. A bot¿s speed can be controlled by adjusting the frequency of the electric pulses.
However, heart cells constantly contract, denying researchers control over the bot's motion.
This makes it difficult to use heart cells to engineer a bio-bot that can be turned on and off, sped up or slowed down.
The new bio-bots are powered by a strip of skeletal muscle cells that can be triggered by an electric pulse.
This gives the researchers a simple way to control the bio-bots and opens the possibilities for other forward design principles, so engineers can customize bio-bots for specific applications.
'Skeletal muscles cells are very attractive because you can pace them using external signals,' Bashir said.
'For example, you would use skeletal muscle when designing a device that you wanted to start functioning when it senses a chemical or when it received a certain signal.
'To us, it's part of a design toolbox.
How it works: There is a backbone of 3-D printed hydrogel, strong enough to give the bio-bot structure but flexible enough to bend like a joint. Two posts serve to anchor a strip of muscle to the backbone, like tendons attach muscle to bone, but the posts also act as feet for the bio-bot.
'We want to have different options that could be used by engineers to design these things.'
The design is inspired by the muscle-tendon-bone complex found in nature.
There is a backbone of 3-D printed hydrogel, strong enough to give the bio-bot structure but flexible enough to bend like a joint.
Two posts serve to anchor a strip of muscle to the backbone, like tendons attach muscle to bone, but the posts also act as feet for the bio-bot.
A bot's speed can be controlled by adjusting the frequency of the electric pulses.
'This work represents an important first step in the development and control of biological machines that can be stimulated, trained, or programmed to do work,' said graduate student Caroline Cvetkovic, co-first author of the paper.
'It's exciting to think that this system could eventually evolve into a generation of biological machines that could aid in drug delivery, surgical robotics, 'smart' implants, or mobile environmental analyzers, among countless other applications.'
Next, the researchers will work to gain even greater control over the bio-bots' motion, like integrating neurons so the bio-bots can be steered in different directions with light or chemical gradients.
On the engineering side, they hope to design a hydrogel backbone that allows the bio-bot to move in different directions based on different signals.
Image: Abundant Robotics via GoodFruitGrower/YouTube Abundant Robotics is using machine vision and a vacuum robot arm to build an autonomous apple picker.
As an apple fan (the delicious fruit, not the horrible-tasting technology company), I take it for granted that apples will be available to me at affordable prices whenever and wherever I want them. This is because I'm a clueless consumer, who had no idea that in 2012, 4.2 million apples were picked in the United States. By hand.
Apple picking is a task that seems like it should be easy to automate: The environment is semistructured, and you're dealing with objects that are nearly homogenous. At the same time, though, those nearly homogenous objects are often occluded by leaves and branches, and grasping them quickly and delicately enough to compete with humans workers isn't easy. Robot vision and manipulation have recently advanced just enough to start making autonomous apple harvesting a commercial success, and there are few companies (including FFRobotics) already working in the space.
Last week, SRI International announced a new Silicon Valley spin-off company, Abundant Robotics, which is trying to automate orchard harvests with robotics. From what we can tell, they're using a sort of horizontally mounted delta robot with a vacuum attachment for gentle high-speed fruit picking, resulting in the cleanest, shiniest apples you've ever experienced.
Here's just about everything useful from the press release:
SRI International today announced the spin-out and launch of Abundant Robotics, an agriculture technology company focused on helping make nutritious foods such as apples and other tree fruits more accessible. Abundant will commercialize and build on several years of successful research initiatives in agricultural robotics at SRI. “While orchard yields have significantly improved over the last two decades, labor productivity has not,” said Dan Steere, CEO of Abundant Robotics. “Our goal is to deliver robotic systems to ease the hardest jobs in agriculture. The first automated apple harvesting system that doesn't bruise or damage the produce will be a huge breakthrough in an industry that has been dependent on the challenges of seasonal labor.” Abundant Robotics' initial prototype is designed with technology from SRI to enable automation of apple harvesting. Future development may address other produce and steps in the production process.
Abundant Robotics, based in Menlo Park, Calif., didn't have much to add on this—since they're not announcing a product (just the fact that they exist), they weren't willing to provide anything in the way of technical information. We did manage to find this soundless video of a video which says it's from a presentation that Abundant Robotics gave to the Washington Tree Fruit Research Commission back in February:
It's a shame that there's no sound, because I bet that the noise that this thing makes every time it sucks down an apple is supremely satisfying. I'm imagining a sort of thwwwwpplrglp. Abundant did confirm to us that the robot in the video is theirs: It's “an early prototype picking apples in Central Washington in the fall of 2015,” we were told.
Besides the sheer entertainment value, the vacuum picking technique (an approach being used by other robotics groups) looks like it might be faster in operation and easier to implement than a traditional gripper. Since it only exerts pressure when its, er, orifice (?) is mostly sealed, it can pluck apples out of trees while leaves remain untouched, and as long as it gets close enough, it looks like the apples essentially pick themselves.
The tricky parts are going to be consistently “seeing” apples that may be (I would guess) almost entirely hidden behind leaves and branches, and then managing to reach those apples with a very bulky picking system. Making it reliable and cost-effective will be another challenge, although the potential market is certainly significant. Of course, all we really have to go on right now is a blurry video of a prototype that's almost a year old and our usual wild speculation, but our guess is that we'll be finding out more within the year.
[ Abundant Robotics ] via [ SRI ]
PARIS — The New Day, Britain's youngest media start-up, has a little something for everyone: a digest of the day's top news, human-interest features, coverage of popular culture, sports, health and travel, and even advice columnists.
What it doesn't have is a website. Or an app. Or really much of a digital presence at all.
At a time when most of the world's publishers have accepted as gospel that the future is digital, such a bet on dead trees has more than a few industry analysts scratching their heads. The move comes as news outlets like The Huffington Post, Politico and Business Insider make stronger digital pushes into European markets and just as some of the region's established titles are scaling back or ending print production altogether. The Independent, one of Britain's most respected newspapers, went digital-only on March 26, and El País, Spain's largest daily, warned its staff last month that it was considering a similar move.
But with a goal of attracting as many as one million paying readers a week, The New Day's publisher, Trinity Mirror, one of Britain's largest media companies, is convinced that its print-only daily can find an audience in Britain's famously crowded newspaper market.
“There is a boldness to that decision,” said Douglas McCabe of Enders Analysis, a media research group in London. “At a time when print circulations are falling at high percentage rates year in and year out, to launch a print-only product is really brave. You have to feel pretty confident that you are filling a genuinely material market gap.”
Colorado brewery lore is full of stories about mistakes that turned into successes -- batches of beer that turned out well despite the odds. Of course, Colorado brewery lore is also full of stories about carefully planned beers that went horribly wrong, but those stories are more often that not dumped down the floor drain like the beer itself.
Boulder Beer will begin telling one of the success stories, in liquid form, when it releases Bad Moon Risin' Double Black IPA today at 4 p.m. -- a beer that was never supposed to happen.
Here's what went down: Late last year, one of Boulder Beer's brewers finished milling nearly 5,000 pounds of grain for use in a batch of Mojo Risin' double IPA. He then filled up a grain storage hopper above the mill with 3,200 pounds of grain needed for the batch of Planet Porter that was next on the brewing schedule. When he knocked off for the day, the brewer left a note for the next guy on duty, explaining what he had done.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) on Thursday called President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE a "pathological liar" who "changes his mind every single day."
"What do you do when you have a president-elect, soon to be president, who — and I say this not happily, but I think most people who observe him would agree — is a pathological liar who changes his mind every single day," the former presidential candidate said in an interview with MSNBC. The lawmaker then said that he hopes to see a new political movement of millions of Americans who "actually are following reality." ADVERTISEMENT "I am working very hard on this, and we need the help of the American people obviously ... to build a movement of millions of people who actually are following reality. And that's the challenge. Real change in this country, I am more and more convinced of it, is not going to come from Capitol Hill; it's got to come from grassroots America," he said.
"I want the truth. I really want to hear why people voted the way they voted. I want to hear why people voted for Donald Trump, what their expectations were, why they didn't vote for Secretary Clinton," he said.
"Second of all, I want to bounce off the people their views about what a progressive agenda is," Sanders added, stating that he wants to know if progressive policies are attractive to the working class.
Sanders has previously said he would be willing to work with Trump on strengthening the middle class but has remained critical about the president-elect's rhetoric.
CTVNews.ca Staff
With 10 days to go before the Oct. 19 federal election, advance polls are opening Friday and will run through the Thanksgiving long weekend. And political parties are working hard to secure support as Canadians start casting ballots.
Beginning Oct. 9 and running until Oct. 12, polls are open from noon to 8 p.m. at advance polling stations.
The beginning of advance voting coincides with the release of the Conservative and the NDP platforms on Friday.
In the last federal election, the use of advance polls was higher than for each of the three previous elections, according to Elections Canada. The agency reports that 2,111,542 electors cast their ballot early, representing 14 per cent of all electors who voted.
"Pop-up" polls make it easier for students to vote
This year, an Elections Canada pilot project aimed at making it easier for students to vote saw dozens of "pop-up" polls set up on university and college campuses.
Between Oct. 5 and Oct. 8, students were able to vote by special ballot, which will be counted in the riding where their home address is located.
"For a lot of young people, the introduction of the Fair Elections Act has made it incredibly difficult for them, because there have been a lot of restrictions made around the kind of ID you can use," Bilan Arte, National Chairperson of the Canadian Federation of Students, told CTV News Channel.
Arte said the campus Elections Canada offices made it much easier for students to vote when their home riding is not where they're attending school.
An estimated 42,000 students across Canada took advantage of the pilot project and Elections Canada is studying the possibility rolling out a wider program across the country for the next federal election.
Nearly three million Canadians under the age of 24 are eligible to vote in the Oct. 19 election. But only 39 per cent of those eligible in the 18- to 24-year-old age group voted in the 2011 federal election, according to Statistics Canada.
Inmates can vote Friday
More than 22,000 eligible inmates will be able to vote at federal prisons across the country on Friday. The 2011 election saw a 54-per-cent turnout rate in prisons, which wasn't too far behind the 61.1-per-cent turnout seen throughout the rest of Canada.
Moar buildings, moar capacities!
Before we unveil the most polished UI we've drafted so far, I wanted to talk about the progress done to date on the development. It's not fancy, there are no pictures to show, but it is at the core of the simulation, and that's why we are all here.
More of everything
Initially I was aiming for a game that was super simple on each layer, but have multiple layers. Reality hit me like brick thrown by a catapult thrown by a bigger catapult to my face: adding content takes way less time than adding a new simulation & gameplay layer. And budget is scarce.
And so, the plan shifted to making the current mechanics way more robust, with plenty more diversity. That meant rebalancing the whole thing.
New content
So now we have more things to worry about. Basically we have more demands to supply, and we must do so by requesting the construction of more buildings or pieces of infrastructure that can deliver that. Remember, you are not actually laying down pipes and building roads, this is a national scope game after all. The click of a button and time will do it all.
I won't list everything, but here are a few examples:
Sewage and Garbage. In both cases we must deal with both the collection and the disposal. You could simply collect sewage and dump it everywhere, yes, but you can also be thoughtful and use a sewage outflow to at least contaminate the water, not everything including water as well. Or if you are feeling fancy, and wealthy, you may consider other options which involve water treatment or recycling. You are not drinking your own pee if you can't taste it. Power and Water production were there since the beginning, but now you must also deal with the distribution of each. If you can't reach the whole nation, you should invest in expanding your power grid or your water pipes. Again, with a press of a button, and time. Private buildings for Recreation, such as Bars, can now flourish to supply Recreation which is a new demand by the population.
Together come new Capacities (which are supply/demand categories) in line with these new facilities, such as Sewage collection, Sewage disposal, Recreation, Prison cells, and many others. Also Education has now been split into Elementary education and Higher education. Fortunately we have individual population generations so we now exactly how many students of each it is required.
A few new mechanics
In order to incorporate the consequences of pollution, a Capacity (supply/demand category) does not fit the bill. So now, buildings can also affect Attributes, such as the new Air quality, Environment and Fresh water national attributes. Unlike capacities, attributes normally go from 0 to 100 and are affected gradually as opposed to being updated on every simulation tick. They allow having long term, slowly changing values in the game.
And soon, a UI overhaul
We're currently implementing a new UI into the game. On the next update we will focus exclusively on the new UI drafts, the decisions behind it and, not too long after, an actual video showing the game which is starting to look like a game now!
That said, on the last post I talked about sliders, and boy that post is old already. There are a few design tweaks going on for them, both in the context they will be used and styling. Therefore, in order to bring that post up to date, here is a sneak peek into the next developer log:
It's more difficult to write an engaging post when all progress is made on the simulation, with nothing pretty to show. That, however, is about to change on the following entries.
Stay up to date with the development by following us on Twitter!
Like this: Like Loading...
'If I allow your practices to continue, nothing will come out of my promise about graft and corruption,' says the President
Published 8:35 PM, December 12, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte said he fired 92 employees of the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) and Land Transportation Office (LTO) to crack down on corruption in these agencies.
"I just fired 92 of the mga LTFRB pati 'yung LTO – ubos (I just fired 92 of those from the LTFRB and also the LTO – finished)," said Duterte on Monday, December 12, during the Ten Outstanding Filipinos (TOFIL) awarding ceremony held at the Palace.
In another part of his speech, Duterte said he had "told them to resign."
The President reiterated to TOFIL awardees and attendees his promise to stop corruption in government.
"If I allow your practices to continue, nothing will come out of my promise about graft and corruption. Pati ako idadamay mo ako sa kalokohan mo diyan (You will even involve me in your nonsense)," said Duterte.
The President previously identified the LTFRB and LTO as among the most corruption-ridden agencies in government.
He also repeated his requirement to all government departments that they process permits and other documents being requested by the private sector in no more than a month.
"My orders now, one month for every department and the local governments, for business permit, electrical connections, even the fireman, I call your attention," said Duterte in a mix of English and Filipino. – Rappler.com
The New York Genome Center has now joined this movement. It's enlisting Watson, a computer developed by IBM that first came to fame in 2011 when it defeated human contestants on the game show “Jeopardy.”
Since its television victory, Watson has turned its attention to medicine. Its reading list include the study abstracts stored in Medline, a federal government index. “I believe at this point it's up to 23 million or so now,” said Ajay K. Royyuru of IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, N.Y. “We're taking all of it.”
For a pilot study, Dr. Darnell and his colleagues will use Watson to help them come up with personalized treatments for a type of brain cancer known as glioblastoma. They chose the disease because forms of it are so devastating.
For the worst types, Dr, Darnell said, “It's as close to a death sentence as you can get,” with patients typically surviving a year after diagnosis. In those cases, surgery, radiation and chemotherapy sometimes help, but they're hardly a panacea. “It works for about a third of the patients, and it gives them about two extra months,” said Dr. Bloom.
In the new study, the scientists will initially recruit 20 patients. They will sequence genomes from tumor biopsies and feed that data (along with the sequences of healthy cells from the patients) to Watson.
Watson will identify the mutations in the tumor and draw on its medical knowledge to develop a hypothesis for how they cause cancer. It will then put together a list of drugs that could potentially treat the cancer.
“All of this is being done in seconds to minutes,” said Dr. Royyuru.
Those drugs may directly target the mutant proteins in cancer cells, or they may target other proteins they work with. Some of the drugs may have been studied for other types of cancer before, but not for glioblastomas. Some of the drugs may have never been tried out on any cancer before.
This week, Eli, Heath, and Noah team up for an atheist review of End of Days, the story of a nuclear security guard fighting Satan with a grenade launcher.
If you'd like so see us live, check out our latest tour dates here: https://scathingatheist.com/2017/05/01/god-awful-movies-world-tour/
If you'd like to pick up a copy of our new ebook; Diatribes Volume 2: 50 More Essays from a Scathing Atheist, you can find it here: https://www.amazon.com/Diatribes-Essays-Scathing-Atheist-Presents-ebook/dp/B06XQTJT4R
If you'd like to make a per episode donation, please check us out on Patreon: http://patreon.com/godawful Our theme music is written and performed by Ryan Slotnick of Evil Giraffes on Mars. If you'd like to hear more, check out their Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/EvilGiraffesOnMars/?fref=ts All our other music was written and performed by Morgan Clarke. To hear more from him, check him out here: https://soundcloud.com/morgandclarke
Alvin Zhou is not your typical video producer. On a recent fall afternoon, he's hovering over a table in a test kitchen cutting and prepping vegetables and meat that he'll later whip into an ersatz "fried rice" dish made with cauliflower. As I watch, I'm offered a hot chocolate chip cookie topped with sea salt straight out of the oven.
A camera hangs above Zhou's workspace to film each step of the cooking process, creating a video that, after editing cuts, employs a minute's worth of fast-paced, simple shots of his hands. He's carefully going through the recipe steps to help people recreate the dish at home. No, this isn't the test kitchen of Bon Appétit, Food & Wine or any other high-end foodie title. This is the New York office of BuzzFeed—the viral digital publisher founded 10 years ago by new-media whiz Jonah Peretti, credited with creating the internet's most addictive content. Data inform Zhou's programming choices. As an example, recipes that swap vegetables for starches—like the aforementioned fried cauliflower instead of fried rice—have soared in views in recent months, which explains today's shoot. And the video includes four variations on the dish, with chicken, pork, beef and vegetarian versions. The diverse offerings are meant to encourage people to share the clip with their friends and family.
"Every single video that comes out, I look at it, I analyze it, and over time, I'm able to get a sense of what numbers I'm looking for or what number signals a viral video within the first hour," Zhou explains. He adds, only half-joking: "I refresh the Tasty page at least 200 times a day."
BuzzFeed's food brand Tasty exemplifies just how crazed publishers are in chasing digital video—a $10.3 billion industry this year that will be worth $12.5 billion in 2017, per eMarketer estimates. In 15 months, Tasty has created 2,000 recipe videos that in aggregate reach a staggering 500 million people a month—and the brand counts more than 100 million Facebook fans. In September alone, Tasty generated nearly 1.8 billion—yes, a billion—views with 1.6 billion of those views coming solely from Facebook, according to data from video analytics company Tubular Labs.
BuzzFeed's initial impact on the media world a decade ago came via its popular online listicles, slideshows and quizzes, but it's also sprinkled serious journalism into the mix in the ensuing years. So consider Tasty part of BuzzFeed 3.0, which is laser focused on mastering video that's distributed on Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
Why the laser focus? Fully half of BuzzFeed's reported $250 million in revenue this year will come from the medium. (BuzzFeed disputes the $250 million—but more on that later.)
"When something really works in a country, we're learning how to adapt it to other countries. And when something really works on one platform, we're learning how to adapt it to other platforms," notes Peretti. "It's not just you make something and then you can put it everywhere. You can make something, learn from your audience and then adapt it for other places."
True to BuzzFeed's style as an R&D lab for modern-day publishing, making a Tasty video is equal parts science and art. In fact, what's captured in data after Zhou's videos go live is as important as making them. Based on past stats, a 75-person team can effectively predict a clip's buzz factor before it's even published. Coupled with proprietary analytics technology that determines the right platform and time when a piece of content is most likely to spread like wildfire on social media, Tasty videos score millions of views. Then, the stats are obsessively pored over for deeper insights and best practices moving forward.
To get an idea for BuzzFeed's complex distribution strategy, consider how a recent Tasty video for butternut squash pasta rolled out online. A 73-second video was first published to YouTube, where it racked up more than 65,000 views in 22 hours. The next day, a shortened version of the clip—65 seconds—posted to Facebook generated 4.4 million views, 19,500 shares and 52,000 likes in four hours. Meanwhile Zhou's cauliflower dish was published simultaneously to YouTube (as a two-minute-and 23-second video) and Facebook (as a two-minute-and 16-second video), generating 91,000 and 8.1 million views, respectively, within 22 hours. That is social video at its most effective.
Those types of statistics represent just the tip of the iceberg in terms of data that Peretti and his teams collect and analyze. Specifically, they fixate over a stat called "share rate" that tracks how many people socially pass on a video to friends and family divided by the total number of views. A well-performing Tasty video, for example, generates a 1 to 3 percent share rate, and the average video is shared 165,000 times.
"We see shares as a better metric of success," notes Ashley McCollum, general manager of Tasty. "Many people scroll by something on Facebook and watch it for a second or three seconds and then they drop off to something else. But someone who would watch it to the end and then share it is a great signal that that piece of content means something."
Even more video
Five questions reporters might ask Lisa Nelson, ALEC CEO on climate change and energy:
1. YOUR PERSONAL UNDERSTANDING OF CLIMATE SCIENCE?
Ms. Nelson stated recently, “I don't know the science” of climate change.
Q: What is your plan to further inform yourself on climate change?
Q: What sources of information will you be seeking and what questions about the science of climate change are you seeking to answer first?
Note: Nelson answered to National Journal “I don't know the science on that” when asked specifically whether human emissions are the primary driver of climate change.
2. ALEC's POSITION ON CLIMATE CHANGE?
Q: Will you be seeking advise and counsel from ALEC's Board of Directors, Private Enterprise Advisory Council, Board of Scholars or Private Sector Members to clarify ALEC's position on climate change in the wake of Google and other recent corporate departures?
Notes: ALEC spokesman Bill Meierling was recently quoted saying ALEC doesn't have a position on climate science any more than a policy “jelly beans”, a strange analogy for a crucial issue of our times.
Lisa Nelson said on Diane Rehm: “To be clear: ALEC has no policy on climate change, and does not take positions without underlying model policy. ”
Yet the organization's September 24th letter to Google stated ALEC “Recognizes that climate change is an important issue…”
However, the ALEC website is more direct, yet equivocal, on the scientific evidence for pollution-induced climate change. We would clearly categorize this stance as climate denial:
“Global Climate Change is Inevitable. Climate change is a historical phenomenon and the debate will continue on the significance of natural and anthropogenic contributions.”
Q: Which one is it?
3. ALEC SPONSORS CONTROL OF MEETING AGENDA?
There are many events (luncheons, workshops, etc.) held during ALEC conferences.
Q: How much control do sponsors have over session topics and speaker selection? Have the Heartland Institute or CFACT indeed paid ALEC to hold sessions about climate change during your meetings? Or did ALEC request that they hold these briefings?
4. BALANCED “EXCHANGE” ON CLIMATE SCIENCE?
ALEC stated in its September 24th Letter to Google that it “just hosted a roundtable conversation for a variety of companies—including Google—on this very issue.”
Q: Will you provide evidence of this “roundtable” and what companies were present?
Note: There was a Presentation by Michael Terrell of Google on the IT sector's renewable energy goals within the meeting Energy Subcommittee (of the Energy, Environment and Agriculture Task Force) on July 30, 2014 at the ALEC annual meeting. This Google presentation was specifically titled “How Technology Companies Use Energy to Power Data Centers” and covered Google's (and other IT companies') renewable energy goals and business plans, not the subject of climate change.
Here is a snapshot of the Energy Subcommittee Agenda:
5. ALEC OPPOSITION TO SUBSIDIES FOR FOSSIL FUELS AND NUCLEAR ENERGY?
ALEC maintains positions against government mandates and subsidies which backstop the organizations opposition to renewable energy targets.
Q: Given ALEC's emphasis on free markets and subsidies, does the Energy, Environment and Agriculture Task Force plan to pass model legislation limiting fossil fuel and nuclear energy subsidies and corporate welfare?
A couple of days ago, New York State Senator Andrew Lanza voiced his outrage against an animated billboard put up by American Atheists in Times Square:
First, he compared the group's “intolerance” to the sort of religious persecution that led up to the Holocaust:
Senator Lanza said, “Just as millions of Americans are preparing to celebrate Christmas, this intolerant and hateful group deliberately ridicules the solemn beliefs of millions of New Yorkers.” … “Not only do the people behind this group not believe in God but they obviously don't believe in decency, civility and kindness to fellow human kind either. This is part of a continued “War on Christmas” and also upon the belief and value system of millions of Christian, Jewish and Muslim people who have faith in God. Religious persecution of the kind that similarly lead to the Holocaust began with small evil baby steps of ridicule and hatred of the religious beliefs of others.”
Then he called for the IRS to revoke American Atheists' non-profit status:
Senator Lanza is also calling for the revocation of the American Atheists' 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status because he doesn't believe that tax dollars should be used to spew religious hatred.
There's no religious hatred taking place here. Meanwhile, the Christian non-profit groups that actually work to block the civil rights of LGBT people and women were given a free pass by the senator…
And if all that didn't shout “crazy Republican” loudly enough, he went on to call for a boycott against Times Square and its merchants for allowing the billboard to go up at all (as if they had any control over that) and for not denouncing it as hate speech (which it's not):
“While it is not surprising to me that people who do not believe in God are hateful and malicious, I would have hoped that the people who own this billboard, those who live in Manhattan and around Times Square and the community's political leaders would have decried this hate speech as something not to be tolerated or allowed.” people should boycott and stay away from Times Square and all those affiliated with hatred of this kind. If you agree, sign onto my petition calling for the immediate withdrawal of this advertisement which will be forwarded to the NYC Mayors Office, the NYC Council, the Attorney General's office and the Times Square merchant community.”
Not that his boycott would ever be effective — Times Square a couple of weeks before New Year's Eve? Good luck with that — but how does it make any sense for a New York legislator to boycott a huge commercial center in his state?! If it worked, he'd be hurting the people and districts that his colleagues represent! Talk about cutting off your nose to spite your face…
Well, American Atheists is responding today in the best possible way.
They're putting up a billboard in Lanza's Staten Island district and daring him to call for another boycott:
“Senator Lanza seems to be unaware that there are millions of atheists right here in New York,” said American Atheists President David Silverman. “He accuses us of spewing religious hatred while he himself calls all atheists ‘malicious' and ‘hateful' for not believing in his god. We will not be silenced or smeared by a bigoted elected official, nor we will allow our members and the other tens of millions of American atheists to be slandered by a representative of our own government.” “Lanza had no problem calling for a boycott of Times Square because of our message,” Silverman continued. “We stand behind our billboard and we want the people of Staten Island to know that they don't need religion to have a great Christmas, either. We are putting up this billboard as a challenge to Senator Lanza. Now the question is, was the senator posturing, or does the has the guts to call for a boycott in his own district?”
The digital billboard is up on the Goethals Bridge connecting New Jersey to Staten Island.
What say you, Senator Lanza? How could you allow such *vile* advertising to go up in your district? I mean, how dare those atheists say that the holiday season is a time for charity, friends, ice skating, and family… and not just for Jesus?
I've asked Lanza's office for a response and will update if/when I hear back from them.
The family of an American missionary kidnapped by North Korea found justice this week, with the help of a group of Israeli legal activists.
A federal district court in Washington, D.C., ordered the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to pay $330 million in damages to the family of Kim Dong Shik, a Presbyterian pastor kidnapped by agents 15 years ago.
He later died in a prison camp.
Nitsana Darshan-Leitner, director of Shurat Hadin, the Israeli group that represented Kim's family, told the Jerusalem Post that the decision is a blow against “state sponsored terrorism.”
The family sued under the “terrorism exception” to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act.
“This is an important human rights decision that will be utilized in all political abduction cases going forward,” Darshan-Leitner told the Post.
The story of Kim's abduction sounds like something out a Cold War spy novel.
Kim, a naturalized US citizen and father ...
1
A former chairman of Barcelona football club has launched himself on a political career as a populist Catalan separatist, whose backers include the region's most famous porn star.
Former club chairman Joan Laporta hopes the popularity garnered by two Champions League wins and four Spanish league titles can be turned into votes when Catalans choose a new regional government on 28 November.
His aim is to break Catalonia away from the rest of Spain and create a newly independent state. "It is time to win our independence and administer our own resources," the 48-year-old lawyer said as campaigning for the elections started last week.
Laporta's latest signing is local porn star María Lapiedra, who has thrown her support behind his new Catalan Solidarity for Independence party and has begun to appear at campaign rallies. Her appearance has earned ridicule from both rival separatists and anti-separatists.
"I don't understand all the fuss," she said after appearing at an event last week. "All I have done is change parties."
Some doubt Lapiedra's real commitment to Catalan independence. Her other passion is Spain's World Cup winning national soccer team – which many separatists refused to support on the basis that they want Catalonia to have its own.
She once appeared, naked and painted in the colours of the Spanish flag, in a video urging people to cheer for the Spanish team.
Laporta is trying to ride a wave of popular Catalan anger about the Spanish constitutional court's decision to in June to water down a new charter of regional autonomy, which had been approved at referendum.
"The path of regional autonomy has now been closed down by the constitutional court," he said.
The court's decision to strike out parts of the charter provoked massive demonstrations across Catalonia in the summer and saw a surge in those who told opinion polls that they favoured independence.
Some recent polls have shown that up to half of Catalans would now favour independence.
Polls also show that on 28 November they will oust the socialist-led coalition that currently runs the region in favour of the moderate nationalist Convergence and Union coalition led by Artur Mas. Some polls show Laporta winning at least one seat for his new party.
He was the elected chairman of FC Barcelona until June, when his second term came to an end.
During his seven years as chairman, he encouraged supporters to see the club as a substitute for a Catalan national team – even though stars such as Leo Messi, Ronaldinho and Samuel Eto'o came from Argentina, Brazil and Cameroon.
Laporta also made headlines for his champagne and jet-set lifestyle. A court in Barcelona last week opened an investigation into alleged irregularities in Laporta's dealing with a football club from Uzbekistan, FC Bunyodkor, where several Barcelona players were sent to oversee training sessions. An agent, Bayram Tutumlu, claims that €3m were paid in to Laporta's law firm by one of the Ukrainian club's sponsors, according to Spain's Marca newspaper.
His successor as club chairman, Sandro Rosell, has asked courts to investigate a hole in the club's accounts which was allegedly left by Laporta and his management team. Laporta vigorously denies any wrongdoing.
MONICA GORDON
Imagine how frustrating it would be when you applied for university student loans in high school, if you were repeatedly put off and told that you were too young to know what career path was right for you to make such life-altering decisions.
Rejection for these reasons is a constant reality for a small but growing number of people in Canada: women in their 20s and 30s who wish to choose sterilization as a way to remain permanently childless. While their choice may be unconventional, denial on these grounds is hypocritical and unjustified.
To get a tubal ligation in Canada, you need approval from a gynecologist and must attend mandatory counselling. This is to ensure you're aware of non-permanent alternatives; you understand the procedure is permanent and you're certain that sterilization is what you want. Most provincial health-care plans cover the surgery itself.
The biggest hurdle for childless women is that first step. They often encounter doctors who will dismissively refuse their requests, citing the reasons listed above. While the position of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada is that sterilization technology should be available to all Canadians, this is rarely the case for these women.
Many women put a lot of thought into their decision and know that they wanted to be sterilized for years. Bri Seeley, a writer for the Huffington Post, described feeling intense frustration at her doctor turning her down annually for six years. As she put it: “Why can't I be the one to decide what's best for my life?” Unsurprisingly, having multiple doctors reject your desires multiple times condescendingly is a very demoralizing experience.
Women who seek sterilization and want a say in what happens with their bodies are treated as if they couldn't possibly know w hat they want, due to their youth and the unorthodox nature of their request. Sterilization is portrayed both as a permanent decision and something that these women will likely regret. However, neither of those things are necessarily the case.
Sterilization is technically permanent in that the reversal procedure is often unsuccessful and also rather expensive — and it's not covered by provincial health care. However, sterilization doesn't mean you can never become a parent. Unless a woman gets a hysterectomy, she could still be a candidate for in-vitro fertilization. Besides that, there are many children in the world who need a home. A woman who gets sterilized and changes her mind about children could always adopt.
The Guttmacher Institute, a non-profit organization that works to advance reproductive health, conducted a study on regret rates for female sterilization. They found that for childless women, the regret rate was only five to six per cent, regardless of the woman's age.
To put that in perspective, the divorce rate in Canada fluctuates between 30 and 40 per cent. Given these statistics, it would seem that the women in question are more likely to regret getting married than getting sterilized.
Yet, when women in their 20s and 30s head to the altar, justices of the peace aren't turning them away en masse because they're too young to make such a life-altering decision.
This reaction would be seen as absurd in regards to marriage and it doesn't become less ridiculous when applied to sterilization.
Despite youth being the most cited reason for rejection, even older women have difficulty getting sterilized. The Toronto Star interviewed a woman under the pseudonym “Tabatha” about her pursuit of sterilization. Tabatha had been asking to be sterilized since she was 25, but wasn't given approval until she was 40. She “had to really push [her] doctor,” who was still reluctant despite the fact Tabatha was nearly past childbearing age.
This unwillingness to take these women seriously also has some potentially lethal side-effects. Anne Trate, a woman interviewed by the Chicago Tribune, has bipolar disorder and takes medication to keep it under control. To carry a pregnancy to term, Anne would have to go off her meds, which she thinks could put her life in danger. Her bipolar disorder is so bad that she's “not even sure [she] could care for children if [she] had them.” Despite this, she's been unable to find a doctor willing to sterilize her.
To deny these women sterilization because of their age or because what they want is different from the norm is unfair. Why is their choice not taken seriously? Voluntary sterilization doesn't hurt anybody and it's a huge disservice to treat these women like they don't know their own minds. While there may be a few women who are impulsive, the mandatory counselling is designed to filter them out.
We are talking about adults trying to obtain the form of birth control that is best suited to their lives. While sterilization may not be something everyone wants, it's in our best interests to let people decide how to live their own lives.
—
Image: Stephanie Mah/Graphics Editor
Maybe we're a little biased, but we love craft beer in cans. We see it as the future go-to for beer across world. They can go anywhere, get cold in minutes, keep the beer sheltered from light, stack easily for shipping/storing, and won't shatter if you it drops it. When it came to selecting our own packaging, cans were an easy choice.
CANS ARE BEST FOR UV PROTECTION
There are still many misconceptions surrounding craft beer in cans. In July, Nielsen Research and Brewer's Association published a survey revealing that consumers associate beer freshness with brown bottles more so than with canned beer. Infact, 47% claimed that they would buy bottled beer for freshness reasons. Only 4% of consumers reported purchasing canned beer for the same reason.
Aluminum cans are much better at preserving beer than brown bottles for a number of reasons. The biggest advantage cans offer is their ability to block light. Everybody has had a skunky beer at least once in their beer drinking careers. When UV rays come in contact with beer there is a real chemical reaction that takes place. This change actually creates some of the same chemicals found in the spray of a skunk which is why it can smell and taste like, well, a skunk.
CANS LEAVE NO TASTE IN BEER
The next common misconception about canned beer is that the aluminum will leach flavors into the beer. Unless the last time you drank a canned beer was during the Nixon Administration, any adultered flavor you think you may taste is certainly not from making contact with the aluminum can. That's because with modern can technology, beer never actually makes contact with the aluminum because of a special coating used by can manufacturers. This is true with any food or drink in a can today.
The benefits of using a coating on canned goods was actually discovered because of beer. The carbonation of beer prevented it from ever being canned until the 30's when engineers realized that they could use the same coating from the inside of a keg to prevent cans from exploding. The formula for this coating has since evolved to prevent tainted flavors and corosion on the inside and outside of cans. This coating has become quite scientific over the years. Each can manufacturer even has their own proprietery coating formula depending on the contents of the can.
CANS ARE COMPLETELY AIR TIGHT
Bottles and cans alike are purged with CO2 before they are filled and sealed. That's because oxygen and beer do not get along. It's generally accepted that pry-off bottle caps seal slightly better than twist-offs. Cans however provide by far the most superior air-tight seal to keep your beer safe.
For decades brown bottles were used for beer to signify quality but craft brewers like us are challenging that idea. Just as wine enthusiasts were reluctant to accept twist off caps on their bottles of wine, some beer drinking purists still believe that brown bottles are the only way to go.
Also check out:
Brew Bus Blog: Why We Put Our Beer in Cans
Wired: The Secret Life of the Aluminum Can
A Dash of Science: Can Seam
Ball Corp.: How Beverage Cans are Made
In implementing the new pot laws that went into effect Thursday, Bowser rebuffed two influential House Republicans who'd warned her that she'd be breaking federal law -- and risking retribution.
"We would encourage the Congress to not be so concerned with overturning what 7-in-10 voters said should be the law in the District of Columbia," Bowser said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.
Bowser and Washington police implemented a measure approved by D.C. voters in November allowing Washington residents to possess up to two ounces of pot.
The allowance applies only to those over 21. In addition, D.C. residents can grow up to six pot plants in their own yards. Buying and selling pot are still illegal, as is smoking in public places. But people can transfer up to one ounce to another person -- just not for money.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and Rep. Mark Meadows, R-North Carolina, said in a letter Tuesday that the city would be violating a spate of federal laws if it went forward with Bowser's plan to implement the new pro-pot measure.
"We strongly suggest you reconsider your position," the two wrote to Bowser -- while, in a thinly veiled suggestion that there would be consequences for ignoring them, pointing to House rules that give Chaffetz's panel broad investigative authority.
Bowser, though, brushed Chaffetz and Meadows back on Wednesday, saying they should worry about bigger problems -- like funding the Department of Homeland Security, which is set to shut down at week's end if Congress doesn't act.
And she took a shot at Republicans who have suggested she could wind up in jail for breaking federal law -- even though Congress has no powers to prosecute her.
"A lot of reasonable people have a different view of this issue," she said. "I have a lot of things to do here in the District of Columbia, and me being in jail wouldn't be a good thing."
It's the latest example of the strain between a heavily Democratic city that is ultimately controlled by a Republican-dominated Congress -- which couldn't stop similar marijuana legalization pushes in Colorado and Washington state, but is trying to use its power of the purse to do so this time.
Chaffetz and Meadows pointed to a provision included in a massive spending bill approved by Congress in December that prohibited Washington from legalizing marijuana, or cutting any drug possession penalties.
Bowser has insisted that the district's measure was enacted before that December vote. But the two Republicans noted that any bill in Washington can't become local law until it's been through a 30-day layover period before Congress. Until that happens, they said, the measure can't be considered enacted -- which in this case means it "was not enacted prior to the language in the continuing resolution preventing it from moving forward."
"If you decide to move forward tomorrow with the legalization of marijuana in the District, you will be doing so in knowing and willful violation of the law," Chaffetz and Meadows wrote.
Colorado, Washington and Alaska have so far legalized pot. But regulatory structures in those states are still being worked out, and under federal law, marijuana remains a Schedule 1 narcotic -- and therefore its use is a federal crime.
Still, Attorney General Eric Holder told CNN last year that he is "cautiously optimistic" that marijuana will be legalized, and that the Justice Department is focused on marijuana distribution to minors, interstate trafficking and drug violence, rather than "low-level people who are simply there for possessory offenses."
Twenty-three states still prohibit cannabis outright. The rest have either legalized medical marijuana or decriminalized marijuana possession.
The subscription price to play World of Warcraft is going to increase upon the release of the Warlords of Draenor expansion on 13th November.
"We regularly look at our pricing around the world and from time to time we make changes in light of local and regional market conditions," Blizzard has noted on its official Battle.net forums. "As such, we want to give everyone a heads-up that we will shortly be adjusting the pound sterling subscription price of World of Warcraft."
Following 13th November, these will be the new prices of recurring subscriptions (with the old in parenthesis):
30 Days - £9.99 (£8.99)
90 Days - £28.17 (£25.17)
180 Days - £52.14 (£46.14)
Additionally, the suggested retail price of a 60-day prepaid time card will be £20.99.
The publisher noted that those who are in a recurring subscription plan at the time of the change will continue to receive their current rate for two years after the price increase - so long as they don't change their plan. Blizzard noted that it will send WoW players a reminder two months before the price increase, so they'll have time to lock down their preferred plan accordingly.
‘He was young and handsome…his mother's hope.'
He was young and handsome, his mother's pride and joy—but he died in torment, blind, sick and paralyzed—at the age of seventeen. If only he'd known the perils of masturbation, then he might have lived a better life.
This, in a nutshell, was the warning to young French men as published in Le livre sans titre (“The Book With No Title”) in 1830. At that time, masturbation was considered by moralists and physicians as a malady which lead to early death.
In 1716, Dr. Balthazar Bekker published a pamphlet on this “heinous sin” of “self-pollution” entitled Onania, which cautioned the reader self-abuse would lead to:
Disturbances of the stomach and digestion, loss of appetite or ravenous hunger, vomiting, nausea, weakening of the organs of breathing, coughing, hoarseness, paralysis, weakening of the organ of generation to the point of impotence, lack of libido, back pain, disorders of the eye and ear, total diminution of bodily powers, paleness, thinness, pimples on the face, decline of intellectual powers, loss of memory, attacks of rage, madness, idiocy, epilepsy, fever and finally suicide.
Yeah, but still…
Then in A Medicinal Dictionary of 1745, Dr. Robert James stated that onanism was responsible for “the most deplorable and generally incurable disorders.”
Another medical book L'Onanisme by physician Samuel-Auguste Tissot claimed semen was an essential body oil—which when wasted through masturbation caused:
....a perceptible reduction of strength, of memory and even of reason; blurred vision, all the nervous disorders, all types of gout and rheumatism, weakening of the organs of generation, blood in the urine, disturbance of the appetite, headaches and a great number of other disorders.
These men weren't quacks, either—they were highly eminent and respectable scientists working in the Age of Enlightenment. It is hardly surprising that these seemingly informed and scientific views should become so ubiquitous in the 19th century that they could end up as the cautionary tale of Le livre sans titre.
This edition of the book was the find of Jim Edmondson who scanned the pages and posted them on his blog.
‘He became corrupted! Soon his crime makes him old before his time. His back becomes hunched.'
‘A devouring fire burns up his entrails; he suffers from horrible stomach pains.'
‘See his eyes once so pure, so brilliant: their gleam is gone! A band of fire surrounds them.'
‘He can no longer walk; his legs give way.'
‘Dreadful dreams disturb his rest; he cannot sleep.'
‘His teeth become rotten and fall out.'
‘His chest is burning up. He coughs up blood…'
‘His hair once so beautiful is falling out like an old man's; early in life he is becoming bald.'
‘He is hungry and wants to eat; no food will stay in his stomach.'
‘His chest is buckling. He vomits blood.'
‘His entire body is covered with pustules, he is a horrible sight!'
‘A slow fever consumes him. He languishes; his entire body is burning up.'
‘His body is becoming completely stiff! His limbs stop moving.'
‘He raves; he stiffens in anticipation of coming death.'
‘At the age of 17, he expires in horrible torments.'
H/T Dittrick Museum, Krupskaya and Morbid Anatomy.
In 2008, Microsoft bid almost $45 billion in an attempt to buy Yahoo. That deal fell through, but with Yahoo putting itself on the chopping block and planning to divest its core Internet business, the software giant is once again expressing an interest. This time, the plan is not to buy the whole company but instead to offer financing to the private equity firms that are currently considering bids, according to Kara Swisher at Recode.
Yahoo's market cap is about $32.5 billion, but a hefty portion of this number is made up of investments in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. Without these investments, the core Yahoo business is valued at between $6 billion and $8 billion. According to Swisher's sources, the Yahoo board wants $10 billion, an amount it seems unlikely to get.
Activist Yahoo shareholder Starboard Value has criticized the sale process, calling it "too slow" and "fraught with conflicts of interest," and it is trying to have the board replaced. Putative buyers have been critical of the board, with Swisher writing that those she has spoken to have called the process a farce. An unrealistically high valuation is sure to fuel this incredulity.
After Microsoft's failed bid to buy Yahoo, the two companies signed agreements that would see Microsoft providing both search technology and advertising to Yahoo. While the terms of this deal have changed, with Redmond losing its exclusive arrangement last year, Yahoo nonetheless remains an important partner. Bing's market share continues to grow each quarter, and Yahoo's use of Bing search results is a key part of this success.
Redmond is keen to protect this important deal. Offering a private equity firm a billion or two in cheap financing would enable the company to preserve this partnership, while being substantially cheaper than buying the company itself. In spite of its previous interest, sources within Microsoft tell Swisher that it has no interest in buying Yahoo this time around. Companies that are interested are believed to include AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast, along with a number of private equity firms.
The Magic Lives Again
In the fall of 1929, The Loew's Corporation opened 5 astonishing movie palaces that quickly became to be known as “Wonder Theaters” due to their size and beauty. They truly were a wonder to behold with the most magnificent and elaborate ornamentation of any theaters in the region. Four of the theaters were located in New York City and the fifth right here in Journal Square – The Loew's Jersey Theatre.
No expense was spared on the buildings or the patrons's experience. Before every show, the audiences' journey to the magic realm of the movies began when the Loew's Jersey organ rose from below the stage and rotated around to reveal the console and organist. Thousands of pipes thundered out as the organists's hands and feet danced across the keyboards. The moviegoers sat entranced as the opening song of the evening flowed from that magical white and gold leaf-covered box, washing over them.
Night after night, long after the rest of the area theatres gave up using their organs because of increased cost cutting, the music continued at The Loew's Jersey. But eventually, when the movie industry fell on hard times and theaters started to close, the organ was removed and the Loew's Jersey went dark.
Discover how (and who) brought the magic back
Review: Mount Eerie, 'A Crow Looked At Me'
Note: NPR's First Listen audio comes down after the album is released. However, you can still listen with the Spotify or Apple Music playlist at the bottom of the page.
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
At the end of 2014, Geneviève Castrée and I were writing back and forth to each other about domestic life, baking bread, and the forthcoming records by both her own Ô Paon project (Fleuve) and that of her husband Phil Elverum: Mount Eerie's Sauna. I had been immersed in the music of Mount Eerie and Elverum's previous band The Microphones for quite some time, and his music felt like "second nature, like I've already heard it somehow in a dream," I wrote to her. His music discovers the unknown as if it's always been, just as grand and mysterious and real as the mountains and foggy lakes that live inside those songs.
"This household is experiencing pure insanity right now as our releases come out one week apart and we gave birth to a baby daughter last Tuesday," she wrote back a few weeks later. "It is WILD. I look forward to sleeping a little more." She was in total glee mode and, perhaps wrapped up in the whirlwind, had not yet told her parents — "I am fixing this week," she assured.
Five months later, she was diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer. The chemo treatments were aggressive, and as the medical bills continued to mount and Elverum became a fulltime caregiver, they turned to crowdsourcing in June, making the couple's very private lives public. On July 9, 2016, Geneviève Castrée died. She was a fearless musician and brilliant comic-book artist who explored alienation and destruction with grace and grit. She was extremely opinionated, but also extremely kind, a rare combination that bore out her soul in her art and those lucky enough to know her.
She was the wife of Phil Elverum, mother to their child.
Two months later, in the room where Castrée died and using her instruments, Elverum began to write and record alone. "Death is real / Someone's there and then they're not / And it's not for singing about / It's not for making into art," begins the result, A Crow Looked At Me. So much of Elverum's mythos — a series of natural-themed metaphors mingling with self-revelations both minor and colossal — has been not just about death, but the beyond. Now Elverum reminds us, reminds himself, in plain language that warps back to reality with somber precision: Death is real. And the beyond isn't just life after death, it's living after a life's gone, rendered in that opening track's heartbreaking reveal:
A week after you died a package with your name on it came and inside was a gift for our daughter you had ordered in secret and collapsed there on the front steps I wailed. A backpack for when she goes to school a couple years from now. You were thinking ahead to a future you must have known deep down would not include you though you clawed at the cliff you were sliding down, being swallowed into a silence that is bottomless and real.
A Crow Looked At Me is not only a stark portrait of grief but also a love story of 13 years. "I'll speak to your absence and carry our stories around my whole life," he sings over what sounds like a breathing machine on "My Chasm," lost in loss and repeating her memory like a prayer, or really, a conversation that's still ongoing. But just as Elverum disarms with devotion, he later attempts to find some humor in his pain just moments later with a self-deprecating admission: "I now wield the power to transform a grocery store aisle into a canyon of pity and confusion and mutual aching to leave."
While the elements nod to the quiet, nylon-stringed thrum of Dawn or Lost Wisdom, this is Elverum at his most direct, his words spilling out like scribbles on note paper, held together by his unique guitar style that layers rhythms on one another to disorienting effect. "Ravens" contains some of Elverum's most tender playing, lingering on notes as if to squeeze berries for plumpness, and suddenly plucking the essence as if the vine held something true. But on "Swims," the guitar is almost an afterthought, lightly scraped not strummed, yet purposeful as simple piano chords guide Elverum's most naked vocal performance. He documents visits to their grief counselor with a loose sense of time, and when the counselor dies just two months after Geneviève, death seems meaningless "except in the confusion of our survived-bys, grasping at the echoes." But some of those survived-bys can't grasp reality just yet, not from denial, but from experience: "Today our daughter asked me if mama swims / I told her, 'Yes she does, and that's probably all she does now' / What was you being now borne across waves, evaporating."
A Crow Looked At Me cannot somehow be heard "in a dream," as I wrote to Geneviève in what seems like ages ago. It is and isn't like anything Elverum's ever made — he's encountered the concept that, for so many years, guided his work without experiencing it so seismically. Elverum carries an unbelievable weight, and you can hear it: You can hear the room, you can hear the sacred reverie in how he plays Geneviève's instruments.
But this is still a love story. Their instant connection is recounted in "Soria Moria," the only song to feature anything resembling a refrain, and the only song to plunge into the blackened buzz of Wind's Poem. "Crow" is a love song to their daughter, growing up without a mother — quieter than the rest, hushed as if the rest of us aren't supposed to hear this one. "Are you dreaming about a crow?" he asks his daughter. "And there she was." It's only fitting that Elverum closes an album that has been so real, so unflinching about his experience, with a mystery and an answer only known between a father and child. They enter the beyond... together.
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, January/February 2016, pp. 36-38
Congress Watch
No Surprise: Congressional Likudniks Blame Palestinians for Violence in Israel
By Shirl McArthur
After their failure to scuttle the nuclear agreement with Iran, as described in the previous issue, congressional Likudniks and AIPAC turned their attention to trying to lay sole blame for the ongoing violence in Israel on Palestinians and the Palestinian Authority.
Probably to demonstrate its continued political clout after its embarrassing defeat over the Iran agreement, AIPAC strongly and successfully pushed three anti-Palestinian measures. Predictably, none of the three made any mention of the fact that there have been twice as many Palestinians as Israeli deaths during the violence, nor of the harsh and degrading actions of Israel's government causing the humiliation and frustration driving individual Palestinians to take desperate actions. AIPAC's strongest effort was to get the most House signatures on the letter originated by Reps. Ed Royce (R-CA) and Eliot Engel (D-NY) to PA President Mahmoud Abbas. The letter, sent Nov. 5, expressed concern “over the recent wave of Palestinian violence” and urged the “PA to take concrete steps to avoid further violence.” When sent, it had 369 signatures.
The other two measures strongly pushed by AIPAC were the House and Senate resolutions condemning “the Palestinian terror attacks against Israelis” and anti-Israel “incitement” by PA officials and PA-controlled media outlets. The first was the previously described H.Res. 293, introduced in June by leading Israel-firster Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), “expressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority,” but updated to include recent events. It was passed Nov. 2 by voice vote under “suspension of the rules.” When passed it had 72 co-sponsors, including Ros-Lehtinen. Only Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) publicly opposed the measure, saying, “I oppose this resolution because any resolution that attacks one side while ignoring the other can only further tension and violence.”
The Senate measure was S.Res. 302, introduced by Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) on Nov. 3. It passed by voice vote on Nov. 10. Being more recent, its main focus was “Palestinian terror attacks against Israelis.” When passed it had 69 co-sponsors, including Blumenthal.
Another resolution “condemning Palestinian incitement of violence” was H.Con.Res. 96, introduced by Rep. Rob Woodall (R-GA) on Nov. 19 with 11 co-sponsors.
In introducing H.Res. 485 on Oct. 21, Rep. Martha McSally (R-AZ) went even further. The measure “expressing solidarity with the people of Israel in the wake of recent terrorist attacks and condemning the PA for inciting an atmosphere of violence,” blames the PA and Palestinian leaders for “supporting or allowing terrorist activities in Israel”—although none of the attacks have been carried out with the support or backing of the PA. It then urges the president to “freeze U.S. funding to the PA until their leaders openly increase efforts to end their incitement of violence.” It has 52 Republican co-sponsors, including McSally. None of the previous measures to cut aid to the PA has made any progress.
And after UNESCO's Executive Board on Oct. 21 had the temerity to pass a resolution condemning Israel for the recent surge in violence and blaming Israel for violating the status quo of Jerusalem's Temple Mount, 19 Jewish House members, led by Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-NY), immediately issued a statement condemning the resolution, calling it “offensive and incendiary.” On Oct. 22 Reps. Engel and Lois Frankel (D-FL) also wrote to Secretary of State John Kerry thanking him for opposing the resolution.
Senate Letter Another Effort to Equate Israel's Colonies with Israel
The European Union on Nov. 4 issued a directive saying that products coming from Israeli colonies on the West Bank and the Golan Heights could no longer be labeled “Made in Israel,” but must be labeled as coming from a “settlement” in the territories. This prompted a disingenuous (if not downright dishonest) Senate letter, initiated by Sens. Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), to the EU's High Representative for Foreign Affairs Frederica Mogherini complaining about the directive and urging her not to implement it. The letter, sent Nov. 9, makes no mention of Israel's “settlements” but, instead, refers to “certain products made by Israeli companies,” and claims the policy would “promote a de-facto boycott of Israel,” which it does not. Instead, what the letter does is represent another congressional effort to equate Israel's colonies with Israel, contrary to longstanding U.S. policy. When sent the letter had 36 signatures, including Cruz and Gillibrand.
Hard-Liners Against Iran Agreement Continue Their Efforts to Sabotage It
With congressional failure to reject the Iran nuclear agreement's “Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action” (JCPOA), which sets forth the timeline of events to implement the agreement, most of the previously described measures to scuttle it can be considered dead. However, some hard-liners continue to fight; some measures are still active and new anti-Iran measures have been introduced.
The previously described S. 1682, introduced in June by leading Iran hawks Sens. Mark Kirk (R-IL) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ), “to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 and to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the use by Iran of funds made available through sanctions relief,” still has four co-sponsors, including Kirk and Menendez.
The bills aimed at naming Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) a terrorist organization are still barely alive. Of the three, only H.R. 3646, introduced by Rep. Michael McCaul (R-TX) in September, has gained support. It now has 19 co-sponsors, including McCaul. S. 2094, introduced by Cruz, and H.R. 3693, introduced by Rep. Ted Poe (R-TX), still have no co-sponsors.
Three new anti-Iran measures were introduced. On Oct. 9 Rep. Gerald Connolly (D-VA), with 14 co-sponsors, introduced H.R. 3741, which would establish “in the legislative branch the Commission to verify Iranian Nuclear Compliance.” And on Oct. 8 Rep. David Schweikert (R-AZ) introduced H.R. 3728, which would remove presidential waiver authority regarding previously enacted sanctions regarding the provision of specialized financial messaging services to the Central Bank of Iran.
An indication that the fight against the JCPOA continues is H.Res. 500, introduced by Rep. Steve King (R-IA) on Oct. 28, expressing the sense of the House that “Israel has the right to defend itself against Iranian hostility and that the House pledges to support Israel in its efforts to maintain its sovereignty.” Among other things, it states that the JCPOA “substantially diminishes the security of Israel.” It has 42 Republican co-sponsors, including King.
After Iran conducted a long-range ballistic missile test on Oct. 8, at least three letters were sent to President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Kerry. In an Oct. 14 letter to Obama, Sens. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) and Kirk claimed that the test “heightens risks to Israel and the U.S.” Also on Oct. 14, eight senators, led by Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), wrote to Kerry seeking a determination on whether the test violated an existing U.N. Security Council resolution. On Oct. 21, 11 Democratic senators, led by Cardin, wrote to Kerry expressing their concern and urging him to “consider unilateral and multilateral responses” to the test.
Senate Passes Hezbollah Financing Bill
As previously reported, back in May the House passed, under suspension of the rules, H.R. 2297 “to prevent Hezbollah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions.” In June Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) introduced the similar S.1617. Then, on Nov. 17 the Senate called up H.R. 2297, replaced its text with the text of S.1617, changed its title to “Hezbollah International Financing Prevention” bill, and passed it by voice vote. It was returned to the House on Nov. 18, which likely will agree to the Senate amendment. When passed, S.1617 had 28 co-sponsors, including Rubio.
Identical bills were introduced on Nov. 3 aimed at designating the Muslim Brotherhood a foreign terrorist organization.
S. 2230 was introduced by Cruz and has one co-sponsor. H.R. 3892 was introduced by Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-FL) with six co-sponsors. Both bills claim that, since the Muslim Brotherhood has met the criteria for a foreign terrorist organization, the State Department should so designate it.
Ros-Lehtinen Introduces Bills to “Reform” the U.N., Neuter UNRWA
As mentioned in the previous issue, Ros-Lehtinen introduced H.R. 3667 in October “to promote transparency, accountability, and reform within the U.N. system.” This long, far-reaching bill seems designed to render the U.N. ineffective. A key provision to this end is one directing the president to use U.S. influence to shift funding for the regular U.N. budget from an assessed to a voluntary basis. Among its several anti-Palestinian provisions, reflecting Ros-Lehtinen's apparent allegiance to Israel, is one that would direct the administration to “withhold U.S. contributions from any U.N. entity that recognizes a Palestinian state or upgrades the status of the Palestinian observer mission at the U.N., the Palestine Liberation Organization, the Palestinian Authority, or any other Palestinian administrative organization or governing entity before achievement of a final peace agreement with Israel.”
Then on Oct. 26 she introduced H.R. 3829 specifically designed to eviscerate the U.N. Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) because of its unforgivable sin of helping Palestinian refugees. It would withhold U.S. contributions to UNRWA until the State Department certifies that UNRWA has met a long list of unlikely conditions.
Given how extreme these bills are, it is not surprising that each of them has only two co-sponsors.
Bill Introduced Prohibiting Funds for Military Operations in Syria
On Nov. 4 Sen. Tom Udall (D-NM) and two co-sponsors introduced S. 2239, which would prohibit funds being made available “to the Central Intelligence Agency, the Department of Defense, the National Security Council, the National Security Agency, or any other U.S. agency or entity involved in intelligence activities for the purpose of, or in a manner which would have the effect of, supporting military or paramilitary operations in Syria.”
The other previously described Middle East-related measures have made little progress (see “Status Updates” box). ❑
Shirl McArthur is a retired foreign service officer based in the Washington, DC metropolitan area.
SIDEBAR
Status Updates
S. 1789, introduced in July by Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), the Senate version of the House-passed U.S.-Jordan Defense Cooperation bill, was placed on the Senate Calendar Oct. 27, but no action has been taken. It has 20 co-sponsors, including Rubio.
S. 2009 and H.R. 3445 are identical bills prohibiting the U.S. from selling or transferring to Bahrain specified weapons until Bahrain has implemented all recommendations in the “Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry report.” S.2009, introduced by Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) in August, has gained a co-sponsor and now has four, including Wyden. H.R. 3445, introduced by Rep. Jim McGovern (D-MA) in September, has gained 8 co-sponsors and now has 11, including McGovern.
H.J.Res. 57, introduced in June by Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI), a “constitutional” authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) against ISIS, still has no co-sponsors.
S. 1587, introduced in June by Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA), AUMF against ISIS, still has two co-sponsors, including Kaine.
H.Res. 209, introduced in April by Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-IN) deploring “the actions of the Palestinian Authority to join the International Criminal Court,” still has 32 co-sponsors, including Walorski.
H.Res. 270, introduced in May by Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ), expressing “the sense of Congress regarding the Palestinian Authority's purported accession to the International Criminal Court,” still has 12 co-sponsors, including Franks.
H.R. 1489, introduced in March by Rep. Joe Crowley (D-NY), urging “the president to make every effort, in conjunction with the government of Israel, the Palestinian Authority, and the international community, to establish an International Fund for Israeli-Palestinian Peace,” still has two co-sponsors, including Crowley.
Bills to Move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem
H.Con.Res. 62, introduced in July by Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN), has gained 2 co-sponsors and now has 34, including Blackburn.
H.R. 114, introduced in January by Rep. Scott Garrett (R-NJ), still has 23 co-sponsors, including Garrett.
S. 117, introduced by Sen. Dean Heller (R-NV) in January, still has eight co-sponsors, including Heller.
Bills Opposing the BDS Movement
H.Res. 402, introduced in July by Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), has gained no co-sponsors and still has five, including Royce.
H.Res. 318, introduced in June by Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R-FL), has gained 3 co-sponsors and now has 34, including Curbelo.
H.R. 2645, introduced in June by Rep. Brendan Boyle (D-PA), still has no co-sponsors.
H.R. 825, introduced in February by Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL), still has 70 co-sponsors, including Roskam.
S. 619, introduced in March by Sens. Benjamin Cardin (D-MD) and Rob Portman (R-OH), has gained a co-sponsor and now has eight, including Cardin and Portman.
H.R. 1572, introduced in March by Rep. Doug Lamborn (R-CO), still has 12 co-sponsors, including Lamborn.—S.M.
Hillary Clinton scrubbed at least 75 meetings with campaign and Clinton Foundation donors from the official calendars she kept as secretary of state, raising further questions about the extent to which she disclosed her political interactions.
The Associated Press, which obtained Clinton's State Department schedules through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit dating back to last year, discovered dozens of instances in which Clinton's staff listed dinners with donors and gatherings with corporate executives only as "private meetings" in the calendars.
Other records, such as emails and informal schedules, show the scope of Clinton's omissions. Her corporate guests included the CEOs of Starbucks, Blackstone Group and Pepsi.
Clinton has already come under fire for allowing political donors access to her at the State Department, fueling speculation that well-connected companies or nonprofits got preferential treatment from the nation's chief diplomat.
Nearly all of the companies who dispatched executives to meet with Clinton privately were lobbying the State Department simultaneously.
Some liberal celebrities are threatening to leave the country if Donald Trump becomes president. Samuel L. Jackson proposes moving to South Africa, though if Jackson is worried about xenophobia, South Africa is not a great place to avoid it.
Miley Cyrus vows, “I am moving if this is my president! I don't say things I don't mean,” and Jon Stewart topped them all by saying he would leave the planet if Trump is elected, but Stewart is having a hard time getting attention these days, so let's discount that as hyperbole, although he's probably rich enough to build his own space station.
Other liberals take a more nuanced view of the rise of Trump. What if a President Trump were to cause so much anger that a number of Americans simply rejected the results of the ballot box and took up arms against his administration? That would be kind of cool, wouldn't it?
So argues Susan Sarandon, a Bernie Sanders supporter whose second choice appears to be Trump. Sarandonista's goal is to turn the United States into a socialist wonderland, and since Hillary Clinton is, according to the actress, little interested in that, voting Trump might be a paradoxically effective way to bring some hammer-and-sickle mojo to the United States at last.
“Some people feel Donald Trump will bring the revolution immediately if he gets in,” said the Oscar winner. “Then things will really, you know, explode.” Which, she made clear, is a worthy goal.
When asked whether advocacy of mass political violence is at all a “dangerous” idea, Sarandon said that, on the contrary, it's the status quo that ought to really make us blanch with fear.
“The status quo is not working, and I think it's dangerous to think that we can continue the way we are with the militarized police force, with privatized prisons, with the death penalty, with the low minimum wage, with threats to women's rights, and think that you can't do something huge to turn that around.”
It turns out that Sarandon recently had an opportunity to choose sides between those fascists in law enforcement and a band of merry men who sought merely to redistribute some of the wealth held by a super-rich individual. Sarandon, whose assets are valued at $50 million, wasn't home when one or more freelance revolutionaries carried out an exercise in easing income inequality by breaking into Sarandon's apartment and making off with a few trinkets.
Sarandon promptly called those “militarized police” rather than hailing the proto-revolutionary action of the wealth-redistributors.
“Inequality will not go away on its own,” Sarandon once tweeted. True, but how are revolutions supposed to gain any momentum when even petty criminals risk being pursued by paramilitary police forces for striking a blow against one-percenters?
Sarandon doesn't seem to understand how revolutions work. Maybe she should step away from Twitter, pick up a pitchfork and brandish it at the nearest millionaire, perhaps herself. That seems to be the solution proposed by Donald Sutherland, who has said he hopes his Hunger Games movies will lead to a revolution.
“I hope that they will take action because it's getting drastic in this country.”
Sutherland continued, “You know the young people of this society have not moved in the last 30 years. . . . They have been consumed with telephones . . . tweeting.” He added, “Hopefully they will see this film and the next film and the next film and then maybe organize. Stand up.”
His interlocutor added that Sutherland was “quite serious about the call to arms” but couldn't resist mentioning wryly, “We are high up in a Four Seasons hotel overlooking Beverly Hills, sunlight glinting off mansions and boutiques below.”
Admittedly, working out the exact parameters of the Revolution can be tricky, as actor Russell Brand confessed in an interview in which he called for “a socialist egalitarian system based on the massive redistribution of wealth, heavy taxation of corporations, and massive responsibility for energy companies and any companies exploiting the environment.”
When pressed for details, Brand complained, “Don't ask me to sit here in an interview with you, in a bloody hotel room, and devise a global utopian system.” Brand produced a book called “Revolution,” which The Atlantic declared “wasn't about revolution” and was, moreover, “unreadable.”
Brand bristled at suggestions that, with a net worth in the tens of millions, he was ill-equipped to make the case that some people are unacceptably wealthy. The chauffeur-driven limousine in which he films revolutionary rants is, he has said, “the anesthetic of privilege, the prison of comfort.”
Looks like 2016 is going to be yet another frustratingly revolution-free year in America. At least celebrities can continue deluding themselves in their prisons of comfort.
The health care executive order issued by Mr. Trump last week directed federal officials to find ways to minimize the financial burden of the health care law on governments, health care providers and others. Many saw the move as a backdoor attempt by the new White House to undermine the current law of the land while Republicans try to figure out a way to repeal it.
It was the reverse of the type of action Republicans criticized President Obama for — using his executive powers to prop up the health care law without sufficient authority. But there were no loud complaints from Republicans this time, a fact not lost on Democrats.
“Congressional Republicans' hypocritical acquiescence to President Trump's executive orders is an abdication of their responsibility to govern, especially in light of their vocal opposition to even the most restrained use of executive authority by President Obama,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader.
But some Republicans are wary too. Even as they welcome the opportunities opened up by having an ally in the White House, some worry that the continued emphasis on executive actions is just another step in the dilution of legislative power.
“We need to go back to being the legislative branch,” said Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a Florida Republican opposed to a potential executive order by Mr. Trump that would end a special program allowing younger illegal immigrants to remain in the United States. “We didn't like this when Obama was doing it, so why should we accept it now?”
Other Republicans were hoping the start of a new administration would allow a reset between the executive branch and a legislative branch that has seen its influence steadily erode as lawmakers surrender power and responsibility to the administrative side. Mr. Trump's broad assertion of executive power could make any rebalancing difficult to achieve, though lawmakers say they intend to keep pushing.
“The imperial presidency was not created overnight and it will not be undone overnight,” said Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, who is leading an effort called the Article I Project to try to recapture some lost authority for the House and Senate.
Share. Will you buy that for a dollar? Will you buy that for a dollar?
Update: We've added some additional information as far as which digital providers are participating in the sale and which issues are included.
DC has announced a massive digital comics sale that will span nearly 1300 issues. Labeled "The New DC Universe Sale," it's designed to celebrate the company's post-Convergence relaunch and the "DC YOU" marketing initiative.
"The New DC Universe Sale" will be divided across three weeks this month and include a total of 1291 back-issues. Every book included in the sale is connected to DC's relaunch lineup, whether it's a currently ongoing series like Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo's Batman or an older series like Garth Ennis and John McCrea's Hitman. Each issue in the sale will be reduced to a price of $.99, a discount of anywhere from 50% to 80% depending on the current digital price. These sale prices are available through the DC Digital Store, iBooks, comiXology.com, Google Play, Kindle Store, Nook Store, and iVerse ComicsPlus.
Scroll down for the full list of comics included in the sale and when to buy them:
The New DC Universe Sale: Week 1 (6/2 - 6/8)
Aquaman: Aquaman (2011-) #1-38
Deathstroke: Deathstroke (2011) #1-20, Deathstroke (2014) #1-6
Justice League: Justice League (2011-) #1-38
The Flash: The Flash (2011-) #1-38
Green Arrow: Green Arrow (2011-) #1-38
New Suicide Squad: Suicide Squad (2011-) #1-30, New Suicide Squad #1-6
Lobo: Lobo (2014-) #1-4
Secret Six: Secret Six (2014-) #1
Teen Titans: Teen Titans (2011-) #1-30, Teen Titans (2014-) #1-6
Wonder Woman: Wonder Woman (2011-) #1-38
Action Comics: Action Comics (2011-) #1-38
Superman: Superman (2011-) #1-37
Superman/Wonder Woman: Superman/Wonder Woman (2012-) #1-15
Batman/Superman: Batman/Superman (2013-) #1-18
Batman: Batman (2011-) #1-38
Batgirl: Batgirl (2011-) #1-34
Catwoman: Catwoman (2011-) #1-38
Detective Comics: Detective Comics (2011-) #1-38
Gotham by Midnight: Gotham by Midnight (2014-) #1-3
Harley Quinn: Harley Quinn (2013-) #1-14
Green Lantern: Green Lantern (2011-) #1-38
Sinestro: Sinestro (2014-) #1-9
The New DC Universe Sale: Week 2 (6/9 - 6/15)
Justice League of America: JLA (1997-2006) #47-54
Bat-Mite: Batman #672-674, 678-680
Batman Beyond: The New 52: Futures End #1-52, Batman Beyond (2010) #1-6
Dr. Fate: Doctor Fate (1987) #1-4, Doctor Fate (1988-1992) #1-41
Green Lantern: The Lost Army: Green Lantern Corps (2011) #1-40
Justice League 3001: Justice League 3000 #1-15
The Omega Men: Omega Men (2006) #1-6, Green Lantern (1976-) #141-144, Omega Men (1983) #1-38, DC Comics Presents (1978-1983) #89, Green Lantern (1976-1986) #161, Omega Men (1983-1986) Annuals 1 and 2.
Robin: Son of Batman: Batman & Robin (2011) #1-40, Robin Rises Omega #1, Robin Rises Alpha #1, Batman, Incorporated (2012) #1-13
Section 8: Hitman #1-40
Starfire: Red Hood and the Outlaws #1-40, DC Universe Presents (2011-) #18
The New DC Universe Sale: Week 3 (6/16 - 6/22)
Bizarro: Forever Evil #1-7, Action Comics #855-857
Black Canary: Birds of Prey (2011) #1-34
Constantine: The Hellblazer: Justice League Dark #1-40, Constantine #1-23
Doomed: Superman: Doomed #1-2, Supergirl (2011) #34-35
Earth 2: Society: Earth 2 #1-32
Harley Quinn & Power Girl: Power Girl #1-27
Martian Manhunter: Stormwatch (2011) #1-19, Justice League of America (2013) #1-14, Martian Manhunter (1998-2001) #0-36
Midnighter: Stormwatch (2011) #20-30, Midnighter (2007-2008) #1-20
Prez: Prez (1974) #1-4
Red Hood/Arsenal: Arsenal (1998-) 1-4, DC Universe Presents (2011-) #17
We Are… Robin: Batman Eternal #1-52
Exit Theatre Mode
Will you be partaking in this giant sale? Let us know what you'll be buying in the comments below.
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow him to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
With the final U.S. selection camp for the 2015 World Championships team beginning October 6, Kyla Ross today announced her decision to withdraw from the process.
USA Gymnastics reported the decision with their release of the selection camp roster, which includes all of Ross' gold medal-winning 2014 teammates – Alyssa Baumann, two-time world champion Simone Biles, Madison Kocian, Ashton Locklear, and MyKayla Skinner – as well as her 2012 Olympic teammates Gabby Douglas and Aly Raisman in their comeback year. Others in contention include Nia Dennis, Brenna Dowell, Rachel Gowey, Amelia Hundley, Bailie Key, and Maggie Nichols.
2014 Worlds alternate Madison Desch, who has been dealing with back pain since competing at the Pan American Games, is also missing from the roster.
Women's program senior vice president Rhonda Faehn expressed her support and appreciation for Ross, adding that she is a “tremendous asset to the national team…[whose] dedication, talent, and accomplishments have contributed to the USA's success on the international stage.”
In a way, it's probably the best decision she could make, as she has struggled all year to hit her upgrades consistently, and without the upgrades, she'd be too far behind in difficulty to contend. Ross has been competing at the elite level without a single break since her junior debut in 2009, winning the all-around title at her very first national championships. This summer marked her seventh straight year in elite competition, and she's made every international squad she's been eligible for, including the 2012 Olympic Games and the 2013 and 2014 World Championships, winning individual medals at the latter two.
Unlike her Olympic teammates, Ross took no break between the Games and getting back to competition. She spent a few weeks on the post-Olympic tour, but then jumped right back into school and training, returning about six months after the Olympics to compete in the European tour, defeating Biles for the all-around title at a friendly meet in Germany.
She has been an unstoppable force from the start, and while it is sad and shocking to see that she her decision to pull out this year, it is probably for the best. She deserves the rest everyone else has taken, and without the pressure of leading a team yet again, she can take a step back and focus on the end goal, which is to make a second Olympic team in 2016.
The seven-member U.S. women's team will be announced at the conclusion of the selection camp on October 8. We wish Ross the best of luck in her time off and hope to see her back and kicking butt next year!
Article by Lauren Hopkins
Advertisements
Presidential aspirant Sen. Miriam Defensor Santiago on Thursday warned of possible dangers from the supposedly close ties of rival Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte with the New People's Army.
“It appears he is a favorite friend of Joma Sison. We all know here in Manila the NPA is divided into pro-Joma and anti-Joma; so if he has a pro-Joma approach, that might explain why he has the support of leftist groups,” she told reporters after her campus tour at the University of Santo Tomas.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sison, the founder of the Communist Party of the Philippines, has been in exile in the Netherlands since 1992. The NPA is the armed wing of the CPP.
Santiago tagged Duterte as “the official candidate of the NPA.”
“It is very dangerous dahil ‘pag hindi nakuha ng mga taong kamukha n'yan ang kagustuhan niya, baka gagamit ng dahas,” she said.
(It's very dangerous because if people like him don't get what they want, they might resort to violence.)
READ: Santiago: PH not ready for a Duterte presidency
Asked if the Armed Forces should be bothered with the relationship of Duterte and the NPA, Santiago expressed confidence that the military's intelligence units are already studying the matter.
With Duterte's supposed NPA backing, the senator warned of another presidential candidate allegedly backed by the Central Intelligence Agency of the US.
“So we have an NPA candidate. Papayag ba ang CIA–na sinasabi na may relasyon sa asawa ni Grace Poe–na mananalo ang mga komunista? So first of all, merong conflict between the NPA and CIA,” she said.
(Will CIA—who is said to have ties with Grace Poe's husband—let the communists win; so first of all, there's a conflict between NPA and the CIA.)
ADVERTISEMENT
Poe earlier admitted that her husband, Neil Llamanzares, worked as an enlisted man of the US Air Force but did not speak of his having ties with the CIA.
“The CIA always keeps a wary eye on our elections because of our geographical position in these seas. So you've got a communist-supported candidate and CIA-financed candidate. Papayag ba ang CIA na talunin [sila] ng NPA (Will the CIA let themselves be beaten by the NPA)?” she said. JE/rga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
I've perused the website Art of Manliness a few times in the past year. Something always vaguely turned me off about it, with its smug, woman-friendly, safe, feel-good presentation, and those feelings have recently hardened into outright hostility. Simply put, Art of Manliness is neither artful nor manly. It's strictly a commercial site designed only to make money for its owners, and offers a neutered version of masculinity that would appeal only to pot-bellied, middle-aged keyboard jockeys. These are the problems I have with the site.
Lack of Credibility
Art of Manliness was created in 2008 by husband and wife team Kate and Brett McKay. If you look at the website, it seems like more than half of the articles there were written by the two of them. And herein lies the biggest problem that the website can never overcome.
No woman can offer a man advice on how to be a man. Period. Thou shalt not accept advice from a woman on manliness. There are no exceptions to this rule. It doesn't matter if her intentions are noble. It doesn't matter if she means well. The inescapable fact is that the art of being a man is a subject outside of her range of experience. If I tried to write for a women's blog on the arts of child bearing and child rearing, I would be laughed at. And justifiably so. But only in feminized America can a woman presume, with her infinite arrogance, to offer advice to men on how to be a man.
And it is just when a woman is trying to be helpful, trying to “save” a man, that she is at her most dangerous. Beware that woman who wants to “save” you. She may truly believe it, and she may sincerely want it. But beware her just the same. Because deep down, in her innermost heart, the most secret and cherished desire of every woman is to see a man dethroned, and rolled in the muck. She'll never admit this, of course. Ask her, and she'll get furiously indignant in her denials. But it is true just the same. You can just feel it.
On this path of struggle that we men must walk, our woman cannot carry our burdens. We are, each of us, alone. And this is the first law of masculinity. And it is the most important law.
Lack of Suffering
Another irritating thing about this site is its rated G, safe, feel-good tone. There is no angst here. There is no bitterness here. There is no suffering, no anguish, no pain, no conflict, no controversy. We men need these things. We crave them. We need struggle, combat, stress, anxiety, bitterness, and anguish. These things define us. They create us, and make us who we are.
Yet Kate and Brett want to take those things away from me, and reduce me to a neutered goody-two-shoes, like them. Well, guess what, Kate and Brett. You can't control me. You aren't going to corral me into your safe, goody-two-shoes world. I'd prefer to whip out my tomahawk and take a few scalps. That's me.
I need my angst and my bitterness. What makes us so much greater than you, and more profound than you, is that we recognize this. We don't try to cover up the pain that is out there, like you do. We don't offer nicey-nice blandishments or opiates to our readers, like you do.
When you read Return of Kings, you are confronted with a raw, bracing, bitch-slapping experience. It is an experience bristling with emotion, sexual energy, anxiety, angst, suffering, and mania. And it is well that it should be so. For this is the raw energy of the masculine masses bubbling forth in all its uncontrolled intensity. We celebrate that. We revel in that. We offer danger. They offer platitudes.
Loading...
We are the unloved, the unwanted, the dispossessed, and the downtrodden. And our message is sincerer, more honest, and more real, than anything you can offer. We're living this life in real-time, but you two are just tourists in the domain of masculinity. And it is we, Kate and Brett, who will inherit the earth. Not you. Us. To paraphrase Robert De Niro in Cape Fear: we can out-write you, we can out-fuck you, we can out-run you, and we can out-philosophize you.
Lifestyle Limitations
Another credibility issue arises from the worldview and lifestyle of the McKays. Kate McKay graduated from Brigham Young University. Brett McKay, in his own words, spent two years in Mexico “doing service.” The name McKay is frequently a Mormon name. A photo of the couple, combined with this other information, seems to indicate that they are practicing Mormons.
I want to be very clear here that I would never criticize anyone solely on the basis of their background, faith, or ethnicity. It makes no difference to me what someone's background is. But I believe that the worldview of the site's founders severely limits their ability to offer good advice on certain key aspects of the male experience, namely: game, dating skills, and seduction. A major part of the male experience is the pursuit and conquest of women. To deny that is delusional.
That's just my opinion. I can't see how someone who doesn't drink, smoke, or even use caffeine can meaningfully speak on approaching, female shit tests, text game, data sheets of foreign countries, sex tips, game tips, and other similar topics that are integral to the single dating male experience. It's simply a matter of someone's life experiences and credibility. AoM offers zero advice on the topic of recreational sex.
Tone
In its overall tone, Art of Manliness seems sterile, neutered, and cold. There is too much of a corporate feel, too much of an appearance of a retail sales site. There is none of the rollicking, Wild West deviltry that you will find in the comments section of a Return of Kings article. One gets the impression that AoM was created to serve the needs of henpecked, middle-aged, overweight fathers looking for a safe, female-approved, “masculine” experience.
AoM cultivates readers that don't want or seek meaningful challenges. The typical AoM reader is one who will seek the approval of his domineering wife for everything he does, one who will have his wife hanging over his shoulder to make sure he isn't infected by dangerous ideas on the internet.
When all is said and done, Art of Manliness can't contribute meaningfully to the debate on male self-improvement. It's the type of safe, bland, and do-nothing masculinity that leads nowhere. They're not part of the solution, but part of the problem.
Read More: How Not To Be A Man
The final full week of supercommittee talks has become a chess match in which the goal is political survival in 2012.
Lawmakers say Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.), Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) and Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) have taken a major role in the talks, with all three worried a bad deal could ruin their election strategies while angering key constituencies.
Democrats are relying on what they think is an advantage in leverage just nine days before the panel's Nov. 23 deadline to submit a deal to Congress with at least $1.2 trillion in budget cuts.
ADVERTISEMENT
While both parties are worried about the automatic spending cuts that would be triggered by a supercommittee failure, senior Republicans are especially fearful of those that would hit the military.
“Members would prefer to live with a stalemate than an unbalanced deal that is surrender to the Republicans, and that attitude is reflected in the leadership,” said a Democratic aide.
Democrats rejected a new offer from Republicans last week that, for the first time, suggested a GOP willingness to put new net tax revenues on the table.
The political goal of the proposal, which offered $300 billion in net tax revenues, was to show the GOP's openness to negotiations and to blunt White House arguments about a do-nothing Republican Congress.
It reflected McConnell's argument that President Obama is rooting against a deal to improve his campaign position next year, a charge Republicans began to rally around last week.
“I really don't believe the president wants to have a deal,” Sen. Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in his honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation his version of power grab MORE (Utah), the senior Republican on the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee, told reporters.
“I can't speak for our colleagues on the Democrat side on this, but I just question whether they really want a deal. Because what they're asking, they know nobody in their right mind is going to give.”
Democrats balked at the GOP proposal, which they said would result in a heavier middle-class tax burden by lowering the top individual tax rate from 35 percent to 28 percent.
The standing offers are unacceptable to many lawmakers on both sides, with the two parties under increasing pressure from their political bases. While Democrats rejected last week's GOP offer, Republicans ignored a $2.3 trillion Democratic savings plan because it would raise $1 trillion in new taxes.
Even with no deal in sight, sources said it remains possible lawmakers will agree to the minimum $1.2 trillion deal or something as large as $4 trillion.
Regardless of the package's size, both sides would face political repercussions: Republicans by giving in on tax hikes and Democrats by agreeing to entitlement cuts.
One union strategist said Democrats would “kiss the senior vote goodbye” if they agree to cut Medicare and Social Security and receive little in return on taxes.
Conservative lawmakers, for their part, are beginning to grumble about a GOP offer to raise taxes.
“It's just unacceptable to fall into this easy thing of ‘let's raise taxes while we're spending more this year than we did last year,'” said Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.). “I just think we've forgotten the lessons of the last election.”
Aides noted that, unlike the talks to avoid a government shutdown in April and a potential national default in August, there is no “gun to the head” to pressure the supercommittee to make a deal.
Even if the automatic cuts were triggered, they would not go into effect until 2013, giving lawmakers plenty of time to change them.
Some Republicans would prefer to negotiate spending cuts after the 2012 election, when they expect to control the Senate and perhaps the White House as well.
Democrats, meanwhile, say it makes no sense to agree to entitlement reforms in exchange for modest tax increases this year, when they can force bigger concessions from Republicans when the Bush tax cuts expire at the end of next year.
As with the previous battles this year over spending, the fight in the supercommittee is expected to go down to the final days.
ADVERTISEMENT
While GOP supercommittee co-chairman Rep. Jeb Hensarling (Texas) is fond of reminding reporters the panel has until midnight on Nov. 23 to finalize an agreement, committee rules stipulate that the proposal must be publicly available for 48 hours, meaning the deadline for a deal is just a week away. The Congressional Budget Office also has asked for time to evaluate the proposal.
The policy options have been well vetted after more than 20 months of intense examination.
“People know what needs to be cut and what needs to be done on the revenue side to get a deal — it's a matter of political will,” said a Democratic aide with knowledge of the talks.
That is why lawmakers are holding out hope for a deal, even though little progress has been made.
Republicans finally agreed last week to raise new net tax revenues — a central Democratic demand — but they demanded income tax rates be permanently reduced across the board in return.
Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin Richard (Dick) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE (D-Ill.) initially hailed the Republicans' willingness to discuss revenues as a “breakthrough,” but Reid dismissed it as a “phony” offer and Durbin quickly backtracked, emphasizing that he did not support it.
The supercommittee has not had a full meeting in more than a week, although aides said members planned to meet through the weekend one-on-one and in small groups.
A Republican close to the talks said a path to agreement does not yet appear to exist.
Nevertheless, Sen. Patty Murray Patricia (Patty) Lynn MurrayThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC, company says MORE (D-Wash.), co-chairman of the supercommittee with Hensarling, insisted late last week that a major deal was still possible.
Her colleagues on both sides of the aisle, however, are skeptical.
“Although I'd like to see a proposal and vote on a proposal this year of $4 trillion, I'm a realist,” Sen. Mike Johanns Michael (Mike) Owen JohannsMeet the Democratic sleeper candidate gunning for Senate in Nebraska Farmers, tax incentives can ease the pain of a smaller farm bill Lobbying World MORE (R-Neb.) said. “The biggest obstacle is the clock.”
Earlier today I spent about four hours researching my latest book project inside the Sports Illustrated library on the 32nd floor of the Time Life Building. It's a place I consider to be my editorial home. Over the course of the past decade, through seven book projects, I've probably spent, oh, 200 hours inside the library, digging through files, photocopying clips, combing through yellowed Sports Illustrateds from decades past. I wish I were a good enough writer to properly explain the awesomeness of the SI library, but I'm not. What I can say is it's a sports researcher's dream; a place where one can find detailed clip files on everyone from JR Richard to Neil Clabo to Earl Jones to Rebecca Lobo to Dave Fleming (the Mariner) and Dave Fleming (the writer). There is nowhere like it in the world. Nowhere even close to being like it in the world.
Any intrepid reporter or sports wonk could get lost for hours in the library's rolling stacks. Photograph: Jeff Pearlman
Alas, in a few weeks it will die.
The Sports Illustrated offices are moving downtown; a case (I assume) of a changed business and a changed business model. Space will be reduced; offices will be sliced. The library – my library – will vanish. Forever.
I feel like I'm losing a brother. That's no exaggeration. I. Feel. Like. I'm. Losing. A. Brother. I also feel as if I'm losing a part of me; a part of what I love about journalism. I 100% understand why SI is likely wise to move. It's a different game in 2015 than it was in, say, 1995. The king of sports magazines remains the king of sports magazines, but that doesn't mean what it once did. Everything today is about digital; about instant buzz. The idea of sitting down on your couch and taking an hour to pour through a seven-page Evander Holyfield feature is one of the distant past. Give us 140 characters, and make them quick. Hell, a few weeks ago a young sports fan asked me if Sports Illustrated still exists in print. My verbal reply, “Of course.” My mental reply, “Fuuuuuuck.”
Back when I was a Sports Illustrated staffer, I'd devote free time to sneaking into the library and feeding my curiosity. I wonder what Ken Griffey Sr was like with the Reds? Were George Foster's sideburns as cool as I imagine? I'd sure love to read some profiles of Jack Tatum. Of Joe Niekro. Of Stump Mitchell. Of Tony Casillas. They were all there. All you had to do was crank a handle and open the aisle of your choice. The folders – red, with yellow or white labels – gave you the name and dates. You'd open one and find anywhere from two to 500 neatly trimmed newspaper and magazine stories. The articles could be from last week; they also could be from 60 years ago. Magic, man. Just … magic.
There was no subject too esoteric, no topic either arcane for the world's deepest sports library. Photograph: Jeff Pearlman
The best part? The librarians. There was no better gossip spot than the SI library. I'd show up, sit across from Joy or Taj or Linda and hear the latest news. Who was dating who in the office. What Madonna's new song sounded like. Sex. Love. Books. Politics. Pop. Rap. Restaurants. Deaths. On and on – just blissful banter with blissful people. The library was, quite often, the place to be. It truly was.
When I left today, I snapped some photos, took a sad breath, turned off the light and walked slowly away from bliss. A decade ago, Time Magazine's library was sliced and diced and torn apart, a fate I hope doesn't meet SI's library, too. I've been told the library will be maintained and kept in an off-site location.
Hey, it's a new age, right? Modern. Sleek. Technological. iPhones and Snapchat and Instagram photos. We're better communicators than our predecessors; better at documenting the world than ever before.
Somehow, though, we've misplaced the one thing that allows us to gauge the present.
Our appreciation of the past.
As a tech executive/low-level Republican staffer/former head of a neutral-sounding government agency/sports writer, I can no longer stay silent as Donald Trump's campaign for the Office of the President of the United States of America devolves into a self-promotional farce—which is why I need everyone to pay attention to me. For I am doing the best thing anyone in my position could conceivably do: I'm writing an open letter to nobody in particular saying that Donald Trump is bad. And I'm posting it on my personal blog that no one has ever read, or hadn't until you clicked on this post that someone's aunt shared on Facebook. I hope you find the minimalist design to your liking.
I will begin by establishing my bona fides, so that you know I'm a measured and thoughtful individual—not some partisan Democrat—because, otherwise, why would you care? I've supported Republicans in the past and hope to do so in the future. I believe in small but vigorous government, not one of those big, lethargic governments like they have in Venezuela or Canada. I empathize with rural conservatives who feel left behind by the global economy as a way to humblebrag about how poor my dad was. I even built a modest wall around my house (it's a picket fence, but still). In short, I need you to understand that I'm one of those socially liberal, fiscally conservative types—the kind of person who really should be voting Republican. But not (wait for it) this time.
Before I really get going here, I should make it clear that I don't mean to demonize Trump supporters for being on the side of this person whom I have been moved to vehemently denounce. After all, Trump has tapped into righteous anger, which is the best kind of anger because it's someone else's fault. I don't think it's going too far to say that we've all learned a valuable lesson about everyday Americans facing troubled times—a vague lesson that also applies to Brexit, but I'm not going to get into how these things are similar. I just felt obligated to mention Brexit.
In a bold move, I blame the élites. If they didn't want Trump, they should have simply solved all of everyone's problems already.
Alas, with the weariness of a man who climbed Everest, forgot his phone on the summit, and so climbed it again only to find the phone in his pocket, I must now list Donald Trump's offenses in a way designed to make it crystal clear that I get that it's bad when Donald Trump says that Mexicans are rapists or that they can't be judges or hockey players or whatever. And I must punctuate this list with opinions stated in the first-person plural, because Donald Trump doesn't represent what "we" believe as Americans.
I ruefully continue now, with a combination of hyperbole and starkly overly simplistic statements designed to stop you in your tracks. Donald Trump is the worst thing to happen to democracy since ... I mean, I know I shouldn't make comparisons to Weimar Germany, but it's not not different. Donald Trump is a greed-monster of doom, doing everything he can to destroy the institutions that our fine country was built on.
Donald Trump isn't just a bad candidate, he's an existential threat to the United States.
Donald Trump is a racist thug.
Yeah, that's right. I said it.
I bet that putting those sentences in their own paragraphs drew your attention to the brutal truth bombs I just dropped on you. Any of them would make a pretty good pull quote for any blog posts that you might write about this blog post.
That's correct, I have now nearly finished a letter in which I called Donald Trump a "racist thug" and an "existential threat." I hope that, in concert with my reputation as a smart, thoughtful person who has no history of saying that sort of thing, it really goes to show how I am taking the Trump threat very seriously by saying that sort of thing.
I must end with something along the lines of: I normally would not get involved in political discourse, but Trump is different. So different that he made me—me!—feel the need to say something. And that's a really, really big deal. Which, I guess, means that I'm a really big deal, if you think about it.
Sincerely,
Some Guy Whose Name You've Already Forgotten
Tánaiste Frances Fitzgerald is to make it a criminal offence to photograph or take video footage up a woman's skirt without her consent, a practice known as “upskirting”.
Ms Fitzgerald has also confirmed plans to legislate to make stalking, including cyberstalking, and revenge porn criminal offences.
She has now instructed her officials to expand the definition of revenge porn to include forms of voyeurism including secret photographing or videotaping a person's private parts in a public place.
“It is important that we ensure our laws can deal effectively with phenomena such as so-called revenge pornography and the publication of voyeuristic material without consent, as recommended by the Law Reform Commission's report,” Ms Fitzgerald said:
“These acts can cause serious and lasting harm, particularly to young people.”
The Minister for Justice will create a number of new criminal offences, including making it illegal to intentionally post intimate images of a person online without their consent.
Voyeurism
Another offence will deal with behaviour that “falls short of the intentional and egregious activity covered by the first offence, and covers the non-consensual taking and distribution of intimate images by any means of communication where this causes harm to that person but without any necessary intent to cause harm”.
This offence will carry a less serious penalty and will cater for “upskirting” among acts of voyeurism.
The legislative change will also extend the offence of harassment to ensure it includes activity online and on social media.
It will include indirect communication with a victim and the establishment of fake social media accounts.
The proposed Bill will also expand the offence of sending threatening or indecent messages to digital forms of communication.
The Tánaiste said the Government's legislation followed a report by the commission, which recommended changes.
There is currently no legislation to address revenge porn in Ireland. Revenge porn is the common name for sharing photos or videos of a sexual nature of another person without their consent.
It is currently covered by the definition of harassment in the Non-Fatal Offences Against the State Act.
Substantial impact
The commission report, which was published in September, identified a number of gaps in the legislation in particular in this area.
It found such abuses could have a substantial impact on a person, and could be linked to serious psychological harm.
The commission also proposed a statutory code of conduct for the digital industry in Ireland.
The commission proposes the new and extended offences will carry, on summary conviction, the maximum penalties of a class A fine, currently a fine not exceeding €5,000, and/or up to 12 months' imprisonment; and on conviction on indictment an unlimited fine and/or up to seven years' imprisonment.
Ms Fitzgerald informed her parliamentary party of the legislation last week and is due to publish the final Bill shortly.
- various “which tank is the most popular” polls have no influence on tank balancing
- Q: “Will the rework of tanks to HD models be made based on historical battles or popularity amongst players” A: “One does not interfere with the other”
- apparently, more things (such as destroyed tank models) are not scheduled to be pre-loaded into memory during map loading, because it would pointlessly clog the computer's memory, while the “microfreezes” (when a tank gets destroyed, the game lags a bit loading the destroyed model) are bearable
- ingame accuracy of a gun does not influence the chance of the shell to fly towards the aim circle center
- accuracy ONLY influences the size of the aim circle, that means that for example a gun with 0.36 acc and another at 0.46 acc, if the aim circle of both guns is of the same size (SS: when for example the first gun moves with the turret), the chances to hit for both guns are the same
- 25 percent penetration RNG will NOT be replaced by lower number, because a) it reflects real life randomness better than say 5 percent and b) in such a case, well-armored tanks would be too difficult to deal with
- Storm mentioned that some least popular maps could be removed altogether from the game, Windstorm will not be amongst them
- league system for random battles will not be introduced
- gold ammo for credits will not be removed
- developers are slowly starting to deal with tier 2-5 balance (SS: goodbye, sweet T18)
- retraining crews to different roles (SS: as in, radiomen to drivers for example) will come, “it's done when it's done”
- apparently, Storm thinks that after the introduction of the new modes, noone will play companies anymore
- 2014 will bring 3 new tier 8 medium premiums (SS: we'll see :) )
- An option to re-buy once bought premium tanks for credits? Storm: “We'll have to think about that”
- the plans for new game modes, unveiled in today's video, apply for this year
- it's not planned to implement the option to select, which HD content you want and which you don't
- the feature to get your unique/reward/premium tanks back is tested on US server, it will be available on RU, EU and ASIA as well
Storm: “Arty will have to be nerfed again soon.” Link
Initial visibility: currently defaults to autocollapse
To set this template's initial visibility, the |state= parameter may be used:
|state=collapsed : {{Current heirs of monarchies|state=collapsed}} to show the template collapsed, i.e., hidden apart from its title bar
: {{Current heirs of monarchies|state=collapsed}} to show the template collapsed, i.e., hidden apart from its title bar |state=expanded : {{Current heirs of monarchies|state=expanded}} to show the template expanded, i.e., fully visible
: {{Current heirs of monarchies|state=expanded}} to show the template expanded, i.e., fully visible |state=autocollapse : {{Current heirs of monarchies|state=autocollapse}} shows the template collapsed to the title bar if there is a {{navbar}}, a {{sidebar}}, or some other table on the page with the collapsible attribute shows the template in its expanded state if there are no other collapsible items on the page
: {{Current heirs of monarchies|state=autocollapse}}
If vacation is about serious chillaxing and getting away from it all, CannaCamp may be just the ticket for some travelers. The ranch, now accepting reservations, claims to be America's first “cannabis resort,” where vacationers can toke up without fear—and in plenty of company.
The 170-acre resort in Durango, Colo., comes from the same group that brought the state two “Bud+Breakfasts.” But Cannacamp is altogether more ambitious in scope, with activities ranging from art classes (“Canvas and Cannabis”) to yoga (“Cannabis Yoga”). Meals are specially prepared to go with weed, and there is a concierge on hand to make pairing recommendations.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The resort's woodsy one-, two- and three-bedroom cabins can accommodate up to 40 guests, and smoking is permitted anywhere but inside the cabins themselves (for safety purposes). Rates begin at $395 per person per night. CannaCamp originally planned to have a three-day minimum stay but dropped the restriction.
The rub? For legal reasons, they say, “a stay at CannaCamp includes everything except the cannabis itself.” But, 4/20 revelers, fear not—that concierge is on hand to connect guests with local dispensaries.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Last August, a family in California came home to find their house on fire. Five months later, they live in a rented house down the street while still paying their mortgage and flood insurance, but the house isn't being rebuilt because there is no way they could afford to meet new FEMA flood zone standards.
At first, reports Reason.com, the family thought they could simply rebuild the home with the insurance money. But that's when they found out that, as a result of the huge FEMA overhaul that happened following the Hurricane Katrina disaster, the floodplain designation for their area had been changed from moderate-risk to high-risk. And it will remain that way until the nearby levees are repaired and recertified by the Army Corps of Engineers.
For homeowners in these high-risk zones, a home renovation that costs more than 50% of the property's value requires that the home be elevated above the base flood level.
So that means these homeowners would need to build a new house a full 20 feet above ground, or be limited to only spending $35,000 (half the $70,000 value of the house) on the renovations. Alas, reconstruction was already estimated at $200,000 before any talk of putting the whole thing up on stilts.
The city couldn't help because failure to comply with FEMA policy would mean removal from the National Flood Insurance Program. FEMA told the homeowners it had no authority to grant a variance on its own policy. Their mortgage company actually suggested they walk away from the loan. They have also started a Facebook page about their predicament.
Meanwhile, their local Congressperson, Doris Matsui, is working on legislation that would give FEMA the authority to grant a variance to homeowners stuck in similar situations.
[via HuffPo]
Thanks to Matt for the tip!
Buy Photo Lansing Beer Exchange was going to open on the northwest corner of Washington Square and Washtenaw Street this spring. The deal fell through last week. (Photo: Alexander Alusheff/Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
LANSING - A plan for a downtown rooftop bar where drink prices would rise and fall like stock prices is no longer in the works.
Last week, Eyde Company terminated its deal with Lansing Beer Exchange to open on the northwest corner of Washington Square and Washtenaw Street above Domino's.
"We tried to get it going, but we couldn't get it done" said Nick Eyde, principal at Eyde Co. "It's frustrating. We spent two years holding that space, but it's got to be the right fit."
RELATED:
A bar where drink prices rise and fall like stocks
It's a bar. It's an arcade. It's coming to Old Town.
Bar in Lansing to be named after slain elephant
James Flora, of Kalamazoo, signed a lease with Eyde Co. to bring the Lansing Beer Exchange downtown in November. The plan had been to open it this spring.
He started the Kalamazoo Beer Exchange in 2010. The craft beer bar and restaurant is popular for its stock market pricing. Demand for certain beers can raise or lower their price. A few times a day, the market "crashes" and brings every beer down to its lowest price for five minutes. That would be $2.50 for a Bell's Oberon and $1.50 for a Miller High Life.
Flora could not be reached for comment.
"I think everybody was excited for this," Eyde said. "I was the biggest cheerleader of that coming to downtown. I hope Jim and his group still consider Lansing in the future."
In the meantime, Eyde said he is marketing the property to other prospective tenants.
"Something else will work for that space," he said. "I don't think this is a set back."
RELATED: Sarnie Shoppe closes downtown after 5 months
Alexander Alusheff is a reporter at the Lansing State Journal. Contact him at (517) 388-5973 or aalusheff@lsj.com. Follow him on Twitter @alexalusheff.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2lgecal
British police have been subjected to widespread derision after appearing to suggest that bumping into someone under the mistletoe without consent is rape.
“If you bump into that special someone under the mistletoe tonight, remember that without consent it is rape,” tweeted Police Service Northern Ireland (PSNI) — signing off with a secular “Season's Greetings” instead of the traditional “Merry Christmas”.
PSNI, which controversially replaced the old, terror-focused Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) while Tony Blair was in office, received a huge public backlash.
Police were charged with being killjoys and social justice warriors, and trivialising genuine rape cases — but did not appear to take any notice until they were contacted by MailOnline.
The force then deleted their warning and issued a defensive clarification, but bungled it by appearing to suggest that what they really meant was that socialising without consent is rape:
“We posted a message on Twitter yesterday that some may have taken out of context but the message remains the same; when you are out socialising over the Christmas period, please remember without consent it is rape.”
Remember kids: Socialising without consent is rape. pic.twitter.com/IbKaEetVrD — Jack Montgomery ن (@JackBMontgomery) December 4, 2017
“They go from bad to worse — is this a work experience person in charge of their Twitter feed?” commented one exasperated social media user.
“They post one tweet that was ‘taken out of context', then do exactly the same with the second tweet. They need to hush and stop sucking the fun outta Christmas,” added another.
Police forces across the United Kingdom have been drawing public ire for their social media activities recently, through a combination of heavy-handed threats with respect to supposed “hate speech” and a number of undignified publicity stunts.
These have included having male constables pose in red high heels to raise awareness of domestic violence, or paint their fingernails to raise awareness of modern slavery.
British Police Force Uses ‘Positive Action' to Ban White Men from Recruitment Workshops
https://t.co/IsdFYdTNYm — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) October 12, 2017
British police appear to have adopted a very broad definition for what constitutes “hate crime”, with official guidelines indicating it can include mere “dislike” or “unfriendliness”.
Arrests for supposedly offensive online posts are up by as much as 877 per cent in some force areas — a statistic which has raised eyebrows, considering recent police statements that investigating “low-level” offences like shoplifting and vandalism as this is “not practical”, or that many constables are now releasing suspects they would otherwise arrest and “hoping for the best” due to cutbacks.
Follow Jack Montgomery on Twitter: @JackBMontgomery
As long as fossil fuels remain artificially cheap and profitable, their rising use threatens civilization and human survival. Correcting this massive market failure from driving us beyond all tipping points requires that the price of carbon pollution account for its true social costs.
Carbon pricing is regarded by economists, investors and politicians around the world as the most sensible and effective systemic measure to address climate change.
A national carbon pricing measure, properly designed, will do four things: internalize the social cost of carbon, rapidly achieve large emission reductions, minimize economic disruption and recruit global participation.
An escalating revenue-neutral carbon fee and dividend (CFD) with border tax adjustments will achieve these outcomes. Its success derives from five distinct features:
1. Full dividend return: This feature will inject as much as $200 billion into the economy within 3 years. It protects family budgets from increasing energy costs by returning the revenue in the form of monthly checks to all households. It does not impose any rules on recipients making independent decisions about their energy usage. It will mobilize the power of aggregate demand for low-carbon products. It's an engine that builds a broad consumer financial stake at the retail level in lowering overall emissions.
2. Transparency: CFD is understandable to the public, will be completely accessible to public scrutiny and clear in its signals and benefits.
3. Bipartisan appeal: CFD already appeals to a broad range of views. It does not increase the size of government, require new bureaucracies or generate additional government revenues. The dividend protects lower income families and will recruit widespread, sustained approval and engagement. It will also facilitate the phasing out of all energy subsidies and some existing energy regulations.
4. Border tax adjustments: Import fees legally imposed on foreign products manufactured in nations without any emission fees, coupled with rebates to US exporters sending products to those nations, will create a fair competitive environment for US exporters and motivate other countries to adopt policies that harmonize global carbon pricing.
5. Predictability: A structured rising price on GHG emissions creates the context business planners require optimizing investment priorities and thrive in a carbon-constrained world. It also completely by-passes the volatility and complexity of cap-and-trade, not to mention subverting the rent-seeking behavior of Wall Street banks and traders. A CFD will not be prone to fraud.
Carbon fee and dividend is a democratic, market-based solution to the existential issue of our time. It is gaining support across the political spectrum.
But the best part is this: can you imagine the effect of mass participation in a climate solution and being able to see those effects growing in your own life, in your community and in your world? The psychological and social benefits of an equitable, transparent approach to engaging the nation to fight climate change are incalculable. And, we will finally be paying the true cost of fossil fuels.
The recovery is real
The dynamics here are not difficult to understand. Bureau of Labor Statistics data shows that workers in the retail sector are quitting their jobs at a much faster rate than they were a year or two earlier.
Retail jobs are great jobs to quit because in addition to the low pay, they offer little in the way of status or intangible rewards (see "What I learned from seven years in retail hell"). But for years, quitting was depressed by the bleak national economy. Now that the unemployment rate is only slightly high, people are eager to quit crappy jobs. Turnover and churn are bad for business, so major retailers are responding with higher pay to get people to stay on. And survey data from the National Federation of Independent Businesses suggests that small companies are ready to do the same thing:
Your pet theory is wrong
The past five years of sluggish job creation and weak wage growth have spawned a cottage industry of big-think about what ails the American economy. Maybe Obamacare crushed job creation? Maybe it's a "skills gap?" Maybe the Chinese stole our jobs? Or immigrants? Or robots?
It turns out that all of this is wrong. Back in the winter of 2008–2009, the country suffered a large collapse in aggregate demand related to the collapse of the housing bubble. From 2009 to 2014, political disagreements prevented the government from plugging the gap with gigantic fiscal stimulus, and timidity about "unconventional" measures prevented the Federal Reserve from doing so either. But all that time, the economy was slowly healing. And now it shows real signs of operating like normal. People try to quit the worst jobs around, and companies respond by trying to make the jobs better.
A virtuous circle toward utopia
Of course, that doesn't mean that the American economy is out of the woods. Inflation is currently below the Federal Reserve's 2 percent target. Forward-looking expectations of inflation are also below the Federal Reserve's 2 percent target. And both things have been true for years. Nonetheless, the Fed is seriously considering raising interest rates to slow economic growth and job creation as soon as June in order to head off hypothetical possible future inflation. Needless to say, if the Fed deliberately decides to slow the pace of job creation, then people's ability to quit jobs and score raises will vanish.
increased pay for the very lowest-paid workers is an especially potent form of economic stimulus
But if the Fed does the sensible thing and lets well-enough be, we could be poised for a virtuous circle. Even at $10 an hour, a gig at TJ Maxx is not a great job.
But increased pay for the very lowest-paid workers in America is an especially potent form of economic stimulus. These are people whose marginal dollar is likely to be spent on meeting critical household needs. That means that even as companies find themselves pressed to raise pay, they'll also have more customers and more revenue. That kind of bottom-up growth may not be as good for the stock market as the past five years have been, but it is a sustainable path to years and years of additional, consistent economic growth and job creation.
A long-term problem
One reason the policy conversation has been dominated by speculation about education and artificial intelligence rather than business-cycle management is that it feels more prestigious to worry about profound long-term problems than superficial short-term ones. But the long-term is, in a sense, just an endless series of short-term spells. And for about a generation, business cycle management in the United States has been dominated by NAIRU paranoia in a way that's led directly to sluggish income growth (NAIRU is sometimes called the "natural rate of unemployment" and refers to the jobless rate below which economists think inflation will start to take off).
The way this works is that the Fed worries that if unemployment gets "too low," workers will have excessive ability to extract wage increases and we'll get inflation. This isn't a totally absurd worry. But the Fed has been so worried about it that unemployment has been too high much more often than it's been too low. Naturally enough, during this period wages have stagnated and corporate profits have grown as a share of national income.
In this sense, the Walmart and TJ Maxx wage hikes tell us something important about the long-term future of the economy. Higher pay at rival companies will only encourage the employees of other retail firms to quit, increasing the pressure on others to raise pay.
Some retailers will respond to the new era of increased expectations by investing in technology to improve their workers' productivity. Others will be sufficiently wedded to a low-wage business model that they need to begin reaching out to people — ex-convicts, recovering drug addicts, the long-term unemployed — who are socially marginalized right now. Higher incomes for working class Americans will also create markets for new products, increasing innovation.
In other words, managing the business cycle better to keep the unemployment rate lower for longer isn't a distraction from the real sources of long-term prosperity. It's a vital piece of the puzzle, leading to higher wages and more rapid productivity growth. Higher pay at a couple of large retailers is just one small step, but it's an important one for policymakers to build on.
Gresham's Law briefly states “Bad money drives out good money.” A corollary has: “Bad news analysis drives out good news analysis.” Reports and dialogues on the events in Gaza give the impression that a mighty Hamas has wantonly attacked Israel, pulverized its southern cities with missiles and a patient Israel ran out of patience and finally retaliated.
The drama has subtext; undisclosed reasons for Israel's attack, unstated significance of the escalated conflict, and a non-clarified future for its final denouement. Search the entire landscape and we encounter happenings beyond the horizon. Missing from the debate are the disastrous consequences to the world community due to Israel's aggressive actions.
Media references to President-elect Barack Obama's July 2008 speech during a visit to Israel in which he stated, “If somebody was sending rockets into my house where my two daughters sleep at night, I would do everything to stop that, and would expect Israel to do the same thing,” incorrectly inferred he was speaking in late December 2008.
If the president-elect expressed himself in late December 2008, he might have said: “If my land was being blockaded so that my children were being impoverished and intermittently starved, their parents unable to find employment, all of them caged in a fenced area and not permitted to fish, fly or travel more than a few miles, while supersonic planes disturbed each night of their sleep and created a daily fear of a military incursion that could kill them, I would do everything to stop that and expect the Palestinians to do the same?” He could add, “I certainly would refrain from making things worse and ask for a continuation of the truce,” which is what Hamas did.
The media has not properly related the fact that Hamas did not stop the truce; the truce expired and not solely due to Hamas.
In order to continue the truce, Hamas issued two responsible demands (1) Israel halt its devastating economic blockade of Gaza, and (2) Israel observe a truce in the West Bank as well as Gaza. When Israel refused to meet these humanitarian demands, Hamas refused to continue the truce, an event Israel, who reluctantly agreed to the first truce, knew would happen.
During the years 2001-2007, the PLO and Fatah, who controlled Gaza, fired unguided rockets and mortars at Israel and increased the launching numbers each year. Those same years witnessed Israeli incursions into Gaza that destroyed Palestinian infrastructure; Arafat's headquarters, airport, roads, factories, homes and also lives. Sanctions and a crippling blockade followed the mayhem. So, why did Israel accuse Hamas of incitement and escalate its punishment when the pattern had been the same for years? Did Israel welcome the aggressive behavior so its military could have reasons for more aggressive retaliation? Certainly seems that way. In addition to the casualties, the shocking Israeli actions have had a disastrous political consequence.
The Bush administration heralded a new dawn for a Middle East that was willing to accept the democratic process. The Palestinians responded with the election of Hamas to authority. And what happened? Hamas faced a “heads” you lose and a “tails” you cannot win game, engineered by the western democracies. If Hamas remained out of the political process, its cadres might have been routinely attacked. By being part of the democratic process and winning an election, Hamas and the Palestinians have been pulverized, which informs the Arab world and its Islamic organizations: No matter what you do, whether you stay out of the political process or enter the political process, you will be pulverized. What behavior can we expect from people who know they are going to be pulverized? Noting the decimation of Hamas after its application of Bush's concept of democratic participation, won't they react more aggressively? Due to Israel's aggressive attacks, the world can expect to suffer increases in terrorism and rebellion. Jewish communities will be targeted. Without neglecting the intensive killing, this is the major derogatory result of Israel's war on Gaza.
The launching of 200 unguided rockets and mortars to Israel, although they did not inflict human damage and did not have Hamas' name on them — the projectiles are fired by several militant organizations — is inexcusable. Isn't there a question here that demands an answer? Why were projectiles that inflicted no great damage fired into Israeli territory? Showing potential force without inflicting damage signals a threat. The strong signal intends to force an adversary to a negotiating table for a compromising truce and serves as a call to the world to note the seriousness of the situation. Why didn't Israel try some form of negotiation, some form of indirect contact that would have not compromised Israel security? Would it not have made its people more secure by signifying it did not intend to suffocate the Palestinians with an illegal embargo and was willing to compromise? Why didn't the world bodies immediately intervene and propose a compromise that would ameliorate the explosive situation? The reason: Nobody recognizes Hamas and therefore won't talk with the authority Result: The only other route to resolve the situation is violence and casualties.
An honest presentation would include the observation that the initial 200 launches after the ‘truce' ended caused no human damage and insignificant physical damage. Nevertheless, more emphasis has been given to artillery shells that damaged Israeli sidewalks than those that tore apart the bodies of 250 Palestinians. Videos show the rockets from Gaza mainly puncture without generating much explosive power. Secondary damage results from shrapnel and some structure collapse. A single Israeli missile has reduced buildings and their occupants to dust. Israel's Ha'aretz newspaper, January 2, 2009, verified the observations:
The threat that Hamas' ballistic capabilities pose to the people of the Negev is less serious than initially presumed and the residents of the targeted areas are not demonstrating signs of panic, according to an interim analysis by the Israel Defense Forces of the situation nearly a week after the launching of Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip.
Too often, we have mendacious and “plugged in” reports, such as that from Bob Joseph of CNN. From a CNN transcript:
BOB JOSEPH, REPORTER: As strategically targeted as Israel is, because of what Hamas is doing and because of them putting their missiles in playgrounds, near schools and hospitals, they have created an environment where they ensure that some civilians can get hurt. And what they target themselves is, they target children and schools and hospitals. That is what makes Hamas the most evil entity — one of the most evil entities on this planet.
According to Bob Joseph, rockets and mortars that have no guidance system or explosive power and have not struck any hospitals or playgrounds and might have slightly damaged one school, are targeted missiles. Israel's massive number of well guided missiles that have hit universities, mosques, UN schools, children playing in fields and apartment buildings are not evil and are excusable.
In one attack on a UN school, The Guardian, 6 January 2009, reports:
The civilian death toll in Gaza increased dramatically today, with reports of more than 40 Palestinians killed after missiles exploded outside a UN school where hundreds of people were sheltering from the continuing Israeli offensive.
Israel insists that mortars were being launched from the school courtyard. Despite the threat and charged emotions, wouldn't a humane invading military exercise care before sending shells into a school because some person was supposedly shooting from a schoolyard adjacent to where hundreds of innocent persons had taken shelter? Israel has lowered the bar to where completely one-sided warfare that includes harming and terrifying innocent civilians to any limit becomes acceptable. A world composed of maddening leaders has now made us all potential victims to any transgression on the all powerful.
Israel, for 60 years, has used security considerations as a reason for warfare and has not gained ‘security.' Either Israel is using the wrong tactics to achieve security or security is a cover for other objectives. Considering that Israelis, most of whom only arrived in the last 40 years, live prosperously while Palestinians who tilled the land for generations live at subsistence levels, something must be skewed in the debate of who is doing what to whom. A militarily and economically strong Israel, which shows no damage to its infrastructure or property, poses as the victim, while the militarily and economically futile Palestine territory, which has had its infrastructure and property expropriated and often reduced to rubble by Israeli attacks, is labeled the aggressor.
Hamas might be an obstacle to peace, but the organization is not the principal obstacle. The principal impediments to peace are the illegal occupation and settlements, seizures of Palestinians lands, abusive checkpoints “and the blockade of Gaza. Does Israel have a security problem that can only be ameliorated by overpowering military force or is Israel using security considerations as an opportunity to humble the Palestinian people before consolidating its territorial gains and expansionist aims?
Every day it becomes clearer that the Gaza engagement is only a stage in Israel's testing of new weapons and new strategies for its predictable battles with Hezbollah, Syria, Iran and who knows who else. Israel has more serious enemies then all other nations combined. The attack on Gaza explains that situation. We await endless wars by an apparent out of control military machine that will be followed by escalating threats to the world due to the increasing violence — a thoughtful gesture from world leaders supposedly dedicated to protect their citizens.
Designated by critics as the Prussia of the Middle East, an army that has a nation, Israel must recognize that a population already under siege due to sanctions and embargo while living precariously with lack of food, water, electricity and other essentials of life, is at the tipping point of total destruction. The only way for the Gaza Palestinians to leave the fenced and blockaded Gaza and escape the onslaught is by death. Can we assume that many Palestinians, the oxygen sucked from their lungs by the missile blasts, in their last gasp note a relief in their intensive suffering and murmur the words once spoken by Martin Luther King, “Free at last, free at last, thank God, I'm finally free at last?”
How many of the world's peoples are scheduled to utter similar words in the near future?
THIS EVENT IS NOW AT CAPACITY.
YOU CANNOT ENTER WITHOUT AN RSVP or INVITATION.
You can listen to the LIVE from 3-6pm on http://www.lumpenradio.com
THE BEST ITALIAN BEEF sandwich in Chicago will be decided November 14, in WLPN 105.5 FM Lumpen Radio's first annual BRIDGEPORT'S GOT BEEF competition, a live broadcast BEEF BATTLE in front of a studio audience.
Eight local beefs will be judged by celebrity judges including 11th Ward Alderman Patrick Daley Thompson, Michelin-Starred Chef Kevin Hickey of the Duck Inn, Bridgeport Food Critic Chuck Sudo, 9th District Police Commander Daniel Godsel, and Vanessa Sanchez of Yollocalli Arts Reach.
For too long, Bridgeport, the birthplace of the Italian Beef, has been left off haphazard “Best Of” put out by clickbait journalists. This disrespect will end November 14, when BRIDGEPORT'S GOT BEEF, hits the airwaves.
The evening will be hosted by the Host of Radio Free Bridgeport, John Daley. The live broadcast will feature music about beef, live judging and more.
By donating to Public Media Institute you will be able to taste each of the beef sandwiches, enjoy complementary beverages by Marz and Filbert's Soda, and cast a vote to decide who makes the best beef sandwich in the neighborhood.
Participating restaurants include: Phil's Pizza, Ricobene's, Soluris, Johnny O's, Kathey De's, Fabulous Freddies Italian Eatery, Turtle's Bar and Grill, & Mangia Fresca.
Proceeds of this event go to Public Media Institute, the organization that manages WLPN 105.5FM, Chicago's newest independent radio station.
If you were to ask people to describe "Japan" or "the Japanese" in one word, there's a pretty good chance that you'd hear one word over and over again: "homogeneous." The Japanese have long prided themselves on the homogeneity of their nation, and it sure is easy to believe that is the case, but the truth rarely lies on the surface.
In reality, Japan, like any other nation, is an ocean of diversity, home to multiple minority groups. One of these groups is Japan's indigenous people, or the Ainu. Don't be surprised if you haven't heard of the Ainu. In fact, many Japanese themselves are unaware of the existence of their own country's indigenous people.
But why? For hundreds of years, the Ainu have been either ignored, discriminated against, or forced to assimilate with mainstream Japanese culture. Obviously, none of these circumstances are favorable for propagating cultural stability or awareness. And unfortunately, this has led the Ainu language and culture to the brink of extinction.
However, with the government's (long awaited) official recognition of the Ainu as Japan's indigenous people in 2008, it appears that there has been a revival of Ainu pride among the few Ainu that remain, as they desperately try to preserve what culture they have left. Here, I hope to outline some of the most important aspects of the Ainu language and briefly touch upon the culture in hopes to bring light to one facet of Japan's diversity.
The Origins of the Ainu
The Ainu people are historically residents of parts of Hokkaido (the Northern island of Japan) the Kuril Islands, and Sakhalin. According to the government, there are currently 25,000 Ainu living in Japan, but other sources claim there are up to 200,000. The origin of the Ainu people and language is, for the most part, unknown. However, there have been many theories on the subject.
One theory suggests that the Ainu people are remnants of the Jomon-jin, or the hunter-gathers who inhabited Japan during the Jomon Period (14,500 BC – 300 AD) and perhaps even before. Around the year 300 AD, another group of immigrants known as the Yayoi people made their way to the islands of Japan, introducing new agricultural techniques and technology and integrating with the Jomon people. It is believed that the Yayoi group may not have reached as far as the Northern island of Hokkaido, allowing the Jomon hunter-gatherer way of life to survive in that area.
The model of a Jomon period boy
One Ainu myth claims that "They lived in this place a hundred thousand years before the Children of the Sun came." It's interesting that this myth seems consistent with the theory of the Ainu descending from Jomon-jin. More recent research suggests that the historical Ainu culture could have come about through the merging of the Okhotsk culture and the Sastumon, a Jomon group very similar to the Ainu.
Physically, the Ainu stand out distinctly from the Japanese as a separate ethnic group. Ainu people tend to have light skin, a stout frame, deep-set eyes with a European shape, and thick, wavy hair. Full-blooded Ainu may have even had blue eyes or brown hair. In the past, the Ainu were proposed to be of Caucasian decent, given their appearance, but recently it has been proved through dental morphology and fingerprinting that the Ainu are in fact Mongoloid, not Caucasoid.
These days, the concept of a pure Ainu is very blurred. Distinguishing the Ainu from other Japanese is almost impossible due to intermarriage with the Japanese, migration, and denial of the Ainu identity to avoid discrimination.
Ainu Culture
You can see just by the appearance of the Ainu that traditional Ainu culture is significantly different from Japanese culture. First of all, both men and women keep their hair at shoulder length and wear traditional Ainu garb. Men, never shaving after a certain age, usually have full beards, and women undergo mouth tattooing to signify their coming to adulthood.
As hunter-gatherers, the Ainu lived off of the land. Common foods included deer, bear, rabbit, fox, salmon, root vegetables, and much more. Unlike the Japanese, the Ainu always cooked their food, never eating anything raw. Common hunting weapons included poisoned spears and bow and arrows.
One way that the Ainu were similar to the Japanese is in the way of religion. The Ainu, just like the Japanese people, were animists and believed that all things are inhabited by spirits known as kamuy. While there are many gods in Ainu belief, one of the most important is known as Kim-un Kamuy, or the god of bears and the mountains. All animals are thought to be the manifestations of gods on Earth in Ainu culture, however, the bear is believed to be the head of gods and is therefore known as kamuy, or "God."
Traditionally, the Ainu sacrificed bears in order to release the kamuy within them to the spirit world. One tradition, called lotame, involves the raising of a young bear cub as if it were an Ainu child and then sacrificing once it has come of age.
A tourist with two Ainu people and a bear
During the Tokugawa Period (1600-1868) the Ainu became increasing involved in trade with the Japanese. At this time, they were able to maintain their culture and way of life to a certain extent, although there is some evidence that the Ainu became slaves.
However, the Meiji restoration brought great change to everyone in Japan, including the Ainu people in 1899. As Japan began reforming to Western standards, the government decided to unify Japan by annexing the Northern island of Hokkaido and creating a law that restricted the Ainu from participating in their own cultural activities. In other words, the Ainu people were stripped of their land, customs, and language in hopes that they would assimilate to Japanese culture. It wasn't until 1997 that this law was lifted and the Ainu people were allowed to practice their own customs again, but by that time, much of the damage was done.
The Ainu Language: Something Unique
The indigenous language of Japan is, much like the Ainu people, of unknown origins. With the restrictions placed on the use of the language in 1899, Ainu speakers have all but disappeared. Today the language is said to have less than 15 "native" speakers, all of which are above he ages of 60, making Ainu a "critically endangered" language. Originally, the Ainu language had three main dialects: Hokkaido, Sakhalin, and Kuril. However, the Hokkaido dialect is the only one that survives today.
One interesting point about Ainu is that it does not have a written form. The language has lived by being passed down from parent to child for countless years and has historically been transcribed using Japanese kana. The lack of a writing system has of course hindered the ability of the Ainu to preserve their language after it was banned, and the use of Japanese kana has even influenced some Ainu pronunciations. Even so, the language has been able to live in the tradition of Ainu story telling, or Yukar, the language of which is mutually understood by all Ainu groups and is known as Classical Ainu.
Here is an example of a Yukar, or epic story, using Classical Ainu:
In the past, there have been many attempts to place Ainu and Japanese in the same language group, but such claims have been shot down again and again. As of now, there is no widely accepted theory regarding the relationship of Ainu to any other language and it is therefore known as a language isolate.
If you look closely at Japanese and Ainu, it is tempting to conclude the two languages are related, however, there are four features of Ainu that mark it as distinctly different from Japanese:
Person is marked on predicates (person is expressed in predicates) Ainu is a polysynthetic language (ideas my be expressed through "sentence words") There are no verbal inflections (verbs are not changed to express tense) There are verbal suffixes for plurals (plural forms are expressed in verbs)
One of the most prominent features of Ainu is the fact that it is a polysynthetic language. In other words, Ainu is a language in which main ideas are expressed through words composed of smaller word parts with individual meanings, also known as "sentence words". A basic example of this would be the Ainu word ku-pirka, meaning "I am good." A more extreme example would be the Yupik word tuntussuqatarniksaitengqiggtuq which means "He had not yet said again that he was going to hunt reindeer." Interestingly enough, the polysyntheitic nature of Ainu is very similar to the languages of many North American indigenous groups.
So what does Ainu sound like? To the untrained ear, Ainu might sound a lot like Japanese. Just like Japanese, the Ainu language is an SOV (subject, object, verb) language using the five vowels a, i, u, e, and o. However, Ainu only has twelve consonants, excluding d, b, g from Japanese, and vowels are never elongated. In fact, Ainu does not differentiate between several consonants, such as b and p, and in this way it is more similar to Korean. Another way in which Ainu is significantly different from modern Japanese is that it avoids vowel sequences. In order to avoid vowels "touching," semi-vowels such as y or w are inserted between them. Sometimes vowels are even pronounced more like consonants, such as in the word Ainu where the "a" is pronounced with a glottal stop.
If you want to hear recordings of the Ainu language or learn some for yourself, check out this great Ainu talking dictionary.
Revitalizing Indigenous Spirit
For nearly 100 years the Ainu people lived in Japan under a policy of extinction by assimilation. They were forbidden by the Japanese government to practice Ainu customs or even speak their own language in hopes that the Ainu would vanish from the face of the planet, but did they succeed? With so few Ainu speakers left and many Ainu denying their own heritage to avoid discrimination, you might say so, but things seem to be looking up lately for Japan's indigenous people.
The year 1994 marked a great turning point for the Ainu people, as the first ever Ainu, Shigeru Kayano, entered the Japanese diet. Shigeru dedicated his life to promoting the well-being and awareness of the Ainu people. It was thanks to him as well as other supporters that the law forbidding Ainu culture was lifted in 1997. Since then, government funding and cultural freedom has allowed the Ainu people to start regaining and preserving their precious way of life through Ainu language courses, radio stations, and public performances.
Below is a woman playing the tonkori, a traditional Ainu instrument:
Still more recent landmarks in Ainu history include the official recognition of the Ainu as the indigenous people of Japan in 2008 and the formation of the Ainu political party in 2012. It seems that while there is still some discrimination of the Ainu people, those who rejected their heritage before are beginning to admit it openly or even embrace their identity with pride. A great example of this is the band known as The Ainu Rebels. This band is a group of proud young Ainu who have mixed hip-hop and traditional Ainu music, and I have to say, I'm a fan.
Although the Ainu culture is on the brink of extinction, it seems that more and more effort is going into bringing it back to life. These days, young Ainu such as The Ainu Rebels are doing their best to create a new identity for their people and a Japan more open to minorities. Since the depth of the Ainu culture and language can't be expressed in so few words, I recommend reading more about them or, if possible, experiencing Ainu culture for yourself.
Twitter has continued to allow a Russian government-supported news network to advertise on its platform, even though the tech company sounded alarms about its ads to lawmakers investigating the Kremlin's interference in the 2016 presidential election.
In a meeting with House and Senate investigators last week, Twitter executives shared more than 1,800 promoted tweets from Russia Today, known as RT, and its three main accounts on the site. Some of the ads, valued in total at about $274,000, sought to promote RT's own stories, including those that sharply attacked Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Twitter's decision to share that information with Congress followed a report by the U.S. government's top intelligence agencies, which slammed RT in January as the "Kremlin's principal international propaganda outlet." Despite those concerns, though, the news network's three Twitter accounts -- @RT_com, @RT_America and @ActualidadRT — remain fully operational. And Twitter has not banned RT from advertising, according to a source familiar with the matter.
A spokeswoman for Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Facebook, meanwhile, similarly has not shut down RT's official pages, one of which boasts more than 4.5 million followers. Nor has Facebook targeted any new advertising restrictions against the news network, a spokesman for the social giant told Recode, before adding they are monitoring the situation. Facebook nonetheless finds itself in congressional crosshairs for Russian-sponsored misinformation circulated in posts and advertisements before Election Day.
Google is still reviewing its platform for potential Russian interference. So far, it has not yet announced any findings or steps to harden its review process, and a spokeswoman declined to comment for this story. But RT videos had been viewed about 800 million times on Google-owned YouTube between the video platform's founding in 2005 and the U.S. government's January 2017 analysis of the election.
In many ways, though, Twitter's actions serve to illustrate the biggest dilemma facing the whole of Silicon Valley in combating misinformation spread by Russia or other malefactors online. Like many social networks, Twitter's service is global in nature, so any attempt to battle back sources or ideas — even those that frustrate U.S. users and regulators alike — could be seen as censorship here or elsewhere.
Last week, RT sharply criticized Twitter for even turning over copies of its advertisements to lawmakers on Capitol Hill. In a snarky-worded statement, the publication's editor-in-chief, Margarita Simonyan, stressed that "similar campaigns are conducted by the American media in the Russian segment of Twitter," before adding: "It'll be very interesting to find out how much they spend on it, who they target and for what purpose."
A spokesperson for RT did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
For Twitter and its peers, they could face further questions about its handling of RT and other Russia-tied accounts in a matter of weeks. The company has been invited along with Facebook and Google to testify in front of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, which are set to hold hearings on the 2016 election in October and November, respectively.
Entering that hearing, Facebook has revealed that 470 accounts with connections to the Kremlin purchased about 3,000 ads, some of which sought to stoke political discord around controversial issues like race, religion and gun control. Those ads have been turned over to congressional investigators as well as Robert Mueller, the former FBI director who's leading an independent probe into the 2016 election.
Some of those same suspicious accounts on Facebook, however, also have ties to another 200 accounts on Twitter, a realization it shared with congressional investigators last week. But Twitter — as it turned over information about those users as well as RT's ads — quickly drew the ire of lawmakers like Sen. Mark Warner and Rep. Adam Schiff, who charged that the company should have looked more exhaustively at its records to determine the extent of Russian meddling.
Twitter, for its part, stressed it already has in place "stricter policies for advertising campaigns on Twitter than we do for organic content."
"We also have existing specific policies and review mechanisms for campaign ads, but will examine them with an eye to improving them," the company continued in its blog post last week. "We welcome the opportunity to work with the FEC and leaders in Congress to review and strengthen guidelines for political advertising on social media."
For its part, the U.S. government's own 2017 report on the election repeatedly slammed RT as the "Kremlin's principal international propaganda outlet." The news network had partnered with Wikileaks, for example, which had published hacked emails from the Clinton campaign, potentially with official Russian support, according to the Director of National Intelligence's findings. And RT ran a number of negative, accusatory stories about Clinton personally, at one point suggesting she and ISIS were funded by the same sources.
—By Tony Romm, Recode.net.
CNBC's parent NBCUniversal is an investor in Recode's parent Vox, and the companies have a content-sharing arrangement.
More from Recode:
Meet the $50 million bedding startup that wants to raise as little venture capital as possible
Watch live now: Former CEO of Equifax testifies before Congress
What's the biggest food delivery service in your city?
In the game Rock, Paper, Scissors, two opponents randomly toss out hand gestures, and each one wins, loses or draws with equal probability. It's supposed to be a game of pure luck, not skill — and indeed, if humans were able to be perfectly random, no one could gain an upper hand over anyone else.
There's one problem with that reasoning: Humans are terrible at being random.
Our pathetic attempts to appear uncalculating are, in fact, highly predictable. A couple of recent studies have provided insights into the patterns by which people tend to play Rock, Paper, Scissors (and why). Abide by them, and you'll be riding shotgun and eating the bigger half of the cookie for the rest of your life.
{loadposition article-text-left-ad}
According to Graham Walker, veteran player and five time organizer of the Rock, Paper Scissors World Championships, there are two paths to victory in RPS: Eliminating one of your opponent's options — for example, influencing her not to play Paper — and forcing her to make a predictable move. In both cases, Walker wrote on the website of the World RPS Society, "the key is that it has to be done without them realizing that you are manipulating them."
Rookies rock
Those two overarching strategies can be translated into executable moves, starting with the opening one. Expert players have observed that inexperienced ones tend to lead with Rock. Walker speculates that this may be because they view the move as strong and forceful. Either way, remember the mantra "Rock is for rookies," and simply throw Paper at the outset of a game to earn an easy first victory.
"Rock is for rookies" should be kept in mind against more experienced players, too. They won't lead with Rock — it's too obvious — so use Scissors against them. This throw will either beat Paper or tie with itself.
Double trouble
If your opponent makes the same move twice in a row, they almost certainly won't make that move a third time. "People hate being predictable and the perceived hallmark of predictability is to come out with the same throw three times in row," Walker wrote. [Why Aren't We Smarter?]
With that option eliminated, you're guaranteed either a victory or a stalemate in the next round. If you see a "two-Scissor run," for example, your opponent's next move will be either Rock or Paper. If you throw Paper, then, you'll either beat Rock or play to a draw.
Mind tricks
Like a Jedi, you can use the power of suggestion to influence your opponent's next move. When discussing a game, for example, gesture over and over again with the move that you want your opponent to play next. "Believe it or not, when people are not paying attention their subconscious mind will often accept your 'suggestion,'" Walker wrote.
This trick may work because of humans' tendency to imitate one another's actions. A recent study on decision-making in Rock, Paper, Scissors, published in the July 2011 issue of the Proceedings of the Royal Society B, found that players often imitate their opponents' last moves. Human mimicry seems to be involuntary.
Announcing your next move before a round starts also seems to be an effective mind trick, though it'll only work once. If you say you're going with Paper, for example, your opponent thinks you won't, Walker explained. Subconsciously, they'll shy away from Scissors (which beats Paper), and choose Rock or Paper instead. When you do end up throwing Paper, you'll score a victory or a tie.
Don't call it a come back
According to Walker, your opponent will often try to come back from a loss or tie by throwing the move that would have beaten his last one. If he lost using Rock, for example, he'll likely follow up by throwing Paper. Knowing this, you can decide what move to follow with yourself.
Interestingly, monkeys show the same behavioral pattern. In a study detailed in the May 2011 issue of the journal Neuron, researchers at Yale found that rhesus monkeys trained to play Rock, Paper, Scissors tended to react to a loss by playing the move that would have won in the previous round. This suggests monkeys, like humans, are capable of analyzing past results and imagining a different outcome, the researchers said. [The 6 Craziest Animal Experiments]
Humans can take the logic one step further, by imagining what their opponents might be imagining.
Jonny Hayes won his third cap for the Republic of Ireland in the 3-1 win over Uruguay on 4 June
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has given up on signing Aberdeen's Republic of Ireland winger Jonny Hayes.
The Bluebirds had two bids turned down in January for the 29-year-old and are believed to have made a recent offer of £1.2m.
Hayes, who has a contract at Aberdeen until the summer of 2019, is also a target for Scottish champions Celtic.
"You can only wait for so long and you've got to move on," Warnock told BBC Wales Sport.
"Aberdeen want two players from Celtic and they've been messing us around for quite a few weeks now.
"And it wouldn't surprise me if their manager Derek McInnes goes to Sunderland either - there might be other motives behind everything stalling.
Neil Warnock succeeded Paul Trollope as Cardiff City manager in October 2016
"We've moved on and gone on to another one or two targets that haven't been mentioned yet."
Hayes has made 206 Aberdeen appearances in all competitions, scoring 29 goals, since arriving from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2012.
The former Leicester City player previously worked with Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers at Reading.
Although conceding defeat on Hayes, Warnock said he was "optimistic" on adding "one or two" players to Cardiff's squad within the week, one of which he revealed was a striker.
"We are down the line with two or three and the quicker the better I can get them signed up," Warnock added.
"We've got a goalkeeper on the wish list, a striker and possibly another midfielder, now that Peter Whittingham is leaving.
"I'm quite happy at the back so now it's just a matter of getting some more goals signed up to complement the squad.
"It's hard work at the minute. Every club is after strikers and everybody knows certain targets that I've had and they're still on the table.
"But it would be nice to try and get one over the line."
Going to work every day as an NHL player isn't always as rewarding as it should be. Guys get banged up, barked at by coaches, and are sometimes overlooked for their excellent play or contributions to their team's success.
Such is the case for the following players, as all five are off to excellent starts to the season, but for whatever reason, aren't getting the love they deserve.
Here's a look at the NHL's five most underrated players so far this season.
Sean Couturier, Philadelphia Flyers
The eighth overall draft pick from 2011, Couturier has never really lived up to the lofty expectations associated with being a top-10 pick.
But this year, Couturier is silencing his haters.
The 24-year-old center is on fire right now, notching a team-leading nine goals to go with nine assists for the Flyers. His 18 points through the first 15 games has Couturier sitting tied for fourth in league scoring among some pretty elite company.
Brayden Point, Tampa Bay Lightning
It's understandable for one to be lost in the background when they're playing on the same squad as Steven Stamkos and Nikita Kucherov.
That is exactly the scenario Point currently finds himself in on the Lightning.
With Stammer and Kuch currently setting the league ablaze with 48 combined points already to their credit, Point's solid start of seven goals and nine assists is going mostly unnoticed.
Alex Pietrangelo, St. Louis Blues
Pietrangelo might not be underrated among more dedicated hockey fans, but when it comes to the average puckhead, the Blues No. 1 rearguard doesn't get nearly enough credit for how good he is.
Not only is Pietrangelo St. Louis' captain, but he's its unsung leader both on and off the ice, commanding the respect of his teammates by playing an unselfish brand of hockey that has become his trademark.
This season, Pietrangelo is off to the best start of his 10-year career, notching six goals and nine assists while leading the Blues to first place in the Western Conference.
Anders Lee, New York Islanders
If not for the hat-trick binging John Tavares, Lee would be pacing the Islanders in goals and points to start the campaign.
The hulking 6-foot-3, 231-pound forward has racked up solid numbers while playing on Johnny T's wing this season, scoring eight goals and seven assists while also serving time on New York's top power-play unit.
Thirty-five goals only a year ago announced Lee as a legit goal-scoring threat, but somehow he is still operating under the radar for Doug Weight and Co.
Vincent Trocheck, Florida Panthers
By playing in Florida in the shadows of guys like Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov, Trocheck has become a criminally underrated player.
However, back-to-back 50-plus point seasons had Trocheck entering the 2017-18 campaign with lofty expectations, and so far, the 24-year-old Pittsburgh native has not disappointed.
A solid start of 15 points in his first 13 games has the versatile forward finally turning heads, as he is on pace for his best season yet.
(Photos courtesy: Getty Images)
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
Judge sets Trump University hearing for first day of GOP convention
As the Republican National Convention kicks off this summer, political mavens will be focused on the maneuvering in Cleveland, but it might be worth keeping an eye on happenings some 2000 miles away in a federal courtroom in San Diego.
A federal judge announced this week that on the first day of that convention he plans to convene an important hearing on a class-action lawsuit against Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and his Trump University real estate seminar program.
U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel issued an order Monday setting the July 18 hearing on a move by Trump's lawyers to toss out the Cohen v. Trump case. The judge also plans to take up other motions, including one asking that the case be stripped of its class-action status.
In a series of public appearances in February, Trump said Curiel seemed to be biased against him because the judge "happens to be Spanish" and could be expected to disagree with Trump's strong statements against illegal immigration. The real estate mogul said he might move to disqualify Curiel, but no such motion has been made and Trump's attorney did not raise any issues about the judge during a hearing last month. (Curiel, who was born in Indiana, is of Latino origin.)
Curiel is also considering when to set a trial in a related case involving people in three particular states who paid up to $35,000 to take part in the Trump University program. There has been discussion of a trial in June or August, but at last month's hearing Curiel seemed uncomfortable with the idea of a jury trial during the campaign if Trump remains an active candidate. Another hearing on that scheduling issue is set for next week.
A state judge in New York held a hearing Tuesday in yet another case relating to the now-defunct Trump University education program. The judge rejected a bid by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman for an immediate ruling in the state's favor. The decision appeared to clear the way for a trial in the coming months, although a pending request from Trump's side for another appeal could forestall that.
Trials in any of the cases have the potential to force Trump off the campaign trail and onto the witness stand. And even if he is not present, they would be a significant distraction for the potential GOP nominee.
The lawsuits generally claim that Trump misrepresented that his Trump University instructors were handpicked by him and that they had extensive background in real-estate. In fact, Trump has acknowledged he didn't know or meet most of the teachers. One was a convicted felon. Trump has said at least one instructor lied about his background. The New York case also argues that the Trump University name violated state law because it was not a bona fide university.
Trump and his lawyers have argued that any misrepresentations were immaterial, because the students got valuable information and mentorships from the program. Trump also says some of the plaintiffs took part in videos praising their instructors, but are now claiming to be dissatisfied. Some of the former students said they felt pressured to endorse the program, since they were hoping for real-estate investing help from the same instructors.
Last updated: 29 Jan 2018 |
If you fail to qualify for fully-funded university scholarships, consider enrolling in universities that are tuition free or charge low tuition fees or those offering tuition fee waivers. Countries like Norway, Austria, Germany, Finland, and Sweden offer different types of free/low tuition schemes and tuition waivers for international students. scholars4dev.com has compiled information and provided links to tuition-free Colleges and Universities and links to Universities offering tuition scholarships.
SPONSORED LINKS
Tuition Free Universities in Norway »
According to Studyinnorway.no:
Norwegian state universities and university colleges as a rule do not charge tuition fees to all students including international students. This applies to all levels, including undergraduate studies, Masters programmes and Ph.D. programmes. However, students will have to pay a semester fee of NOK 300-600 each semester.
Note that some state universities and university colleges may have tuition fees for a few specialized programmes which are typically at the Masters level. Most private institutions have tuition fees for all their programmes and courses. But the fees are usually significantly lower than those of comparable studies in most other countries. Also, foreign students don't pay higher tuition fees than Norwegian students.
Cost of Studying in Norway: You should take into consideration that living expenses in Norway are higher than in many other countries. Living expenses would amount to NOK 90,000-100,000 per year.
Tuition Free Universities in Austria »
According to studyinaustria.at
If you are an non-EU/EEA student, federal/public universities in Austria only charge about 363.36-726.72 Euros per semester for tuition fees plus 19.20 Euros for student union membership fee “ÖH-Beitrag” and the student accident insurance fee. If you are a participant in exchange programmes and university partnerships or a citizen of the least developed country, you may be exempted to pay tuition fees at public universities in Austria.
Students from other developing countries and Central and Eastern European reform countries may be exempted or apply for a full or partial refund of the tuition fees according to the universities' own rules. Further information is available at the website of the university directly.
Cost of Studying in Austria: The cost of living for students in Austria is approximately 800 Euros per month which covers accommodation, food, and personal expenses.
See the list of Higher Education Institutions in Austria
Tuition Free Universities in Germany »
According to internationale-studierende.de, study-in.de:
As of October 2014, all Universities in Germany will not charge any tuition fees for bachelor's and consecutive master's degree programs for all students including international students. In some Federal States, Universities will charge a semester contribution (about 50 euros) and/or administration fees (about 50 euros). This tuition fee structure can change in the future, you should check this page for updated information on tuition fees in different federal states in Germany. For example, the federal state of Baden-Württemberg will begin charging tuition fees (for Bachelor's, Master's, Diplom and state examination degree programmes) of €1,500 per semester for non-EU citizens from the winter semester 2017/18.
Unlike undergraduate studies, most Master's studies in Germany come with tuition fees, but they're not as high as in other countries.
On the other hand, doctoral studies at German universities are in principle free. PhD students are charged tuition only after completing their first six semesters but they are required to pay a semester contribution of approximately 150-200 euros per semester. Doctoral students usually work on a research project (paid PhD position) or receive a scholarship.
Cost of Studying in Germany: On average, German students spend about 500-800 Euros for accommodation, transport, food, and miscellaneous expenses.
Tuition Free Universities and Scholarships in Finland »
According to studyinfinland.fi:
Tuition fees for non-EU/EEA students has been introduced from autumn 2017 onwards for English-taught Bachelor's or Master's programmes. Only Doctoral level studies will remain free of tuition fees, regardless of your nationality.
Finnish universities and UAS's offer scholarship options for gifted non-EU/EEA students admitted to their fee-charging Bachelor's and Master's degree programmes. EDUFI Fellowships are available to cover living expenses for Doctoral studies for up to one academic year.
Cost of Studying in Finland: Estimated living expenses of a single student in Finland average around 700-900 Euros per month.
Tuition Scholarships in Swedish Universities »
According to studyinsweden.se:
Application and tuition fees apply for those who are not citizens of an EU/EEA/Nordic country or Switzerland studying at the bachelor's or master's level. The Swedish Institute and a significant number of Universities offer full and partial scholarships in the form of tuition waivers for international students.
PhD positions in Sweden are usually offered as paid positions by universities or external funding bodies. This means that if you are offered a position as a PhD candidate, you will not pay fees and will receive a monthly salary.
Online Tuition-Free Universities »
There are now a number of Universities offering online degrees/courses for free. The first such University is University of the People which is a tuition-free, non-profit, accredited online university dedicated to opening access to higher education globally. University of the People offers online Associates and Bachelors Degrees in Business Administration, Health Science, and Computer Science, as well as an MBA program
This was followed by an initiative of MIT and Harvard called edX which is a learning platform that gives students from any country the opportunity to take free online courses offered by three premier Universities in the US – Harvard, MIT, and UC Berkeley and about 50+ Universities and institutions.
In a scathing attack on Pakistan, Afghan envoy to the UN said Pakistan-based terror groups such as LeT, the Taliban, JeM and al Qaeda target India's interests and goals in Afghanistan and pursue other objectives like creating sanctuaries and safe havens in tribal areas between Kabul and Islamabad.
“These groups pose a strategic threat to the security and stability of Afghanistan,” permanent Afghan representative Mahmoud Saikal said at an open briefing of the counter-terrorism committee on foreign terrorists on Friday.
He said these terror groups “pursue a few objectives” in Afghanistan, the main among them being “revival of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, targeting India's interests and goals in Afghanistan” and forming “strategic alliances with international terrorist networks in the region and world”.
These groups also seek withdrawal of foreign forces from Afghanistan, creating bases and safe havens in northern and north-eastern provinces and using them as a platform for “undermining and toppling” Central Asian “secular” governments, Saikal said.
They also pursue the objective of creating “ sanctuaries and safe havens “ in tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan and along the Durand Line, the 2,430-kilometre long international border between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
He said there are 6,100 foreign fighters in Afghanistan, based mainly in eastern and north-eastern provinces. Among them about 1,800-2,000 have pledged allegiance to the ISIS.
“We also have Pakistani terrorist groups like JeM and Laskhar-e-Islam also cooperating with the Taliban in eastern and south-eastern provinces of Afghanistan,” Saikal said.
The threat of foreign fighters and regional terror groups are of “growing concern” to Afghanistan and the world, the Afghan envoy said.
“Improving the implementation of counter-terrorism resolutions is crucial, especially the UN Security Council [resolutions]. Speed is the essence and at the moment, terror is moving fast. I hope we can catch up with it soon,” he said.
Some sites charge you money to be on the “cutting edge” (aka 2-7 days late) of Magic Finance. Instead of your giving money to those dudes, you should just check this live blog from time to time. That sounds like a smart financial move.
Anyway, I'm not going to bother with bells and whistles. Let's talk about where the money is at!
P.S. These are still not edited!
Blue Fetches Update
Monday 10/29/12 – 3pm EST
It looks like TCG Player is now catching up with SCG on the blue fetch pricing.
There were some people speculating that Star City Games might be getting ready to announce a modern open series but Ben put those rumors to bed with this tweet.
@Chosler88 @norbert88 SCG has no intention of running Modern Opens. We feel Legacy is a better format, and plan on continuing it in 2013. — Ben Bleiweiss (@StarcityBen) October 26, 2012
He also left himself an out …
@Chosler88 Can't speak for the future, but we don't plan that far ahead 🙂 — Ben Bleiweiss (@StarcityBen) October 26, 2012
Scalding Tarn and Misty Rainforest walk into a bar…
Friday 10/26/12 – 3pm EST
Today Star City Games raised the price on these two blue fetchlands to $35. They also bought us (store.legitmtg.com) out of these fetchlands last week.
Why is this happening?
There are a couple of factors contributing to this “price raise” ; 1) The Modern Pro Tour excited some people! 2) Modern Masters is going to open the format up a little more and its not going to add any Zendikar fetchlands to the supply (see announcement). 3) A Modern PTQ season is coming up.
What's next?
TCG Player and Channel Fireball still have these lands in stock at below $20. My guess is that people are going to freak out and buy these (or SCG is going to finish shopping) and this supply will dry up. Once that happens the “real” price of Scalding Tarn and Misty Rainforest will be around the Star City price.
What should I do?
If you need these to play with, you probably should try to find a set cheap this weekend. Go to FNM and trade based on the CFB price or buy them from your local shop. If you want to sell yours then wait until the TCG Player stock dries up and then ship them.
You should also think about investing in some of the most played lands in Modern, Scars of Mirrodin “fast lands”.
Data
These fetchlands were already on the rise before this happened. It's fair to say that their natural trajectory was $25 even before this bold move from Star City. That means that they are not a bad investment if you can get them at the right price, it's probably going to be hard to find that price now.
Twitter
Those of you who interested in #mtgfinance need to study this graphic. Re: fetches we're somewhere b/w enthusiasm-greed pic.twitter.com/Hb0hXSng — Kranny (@kstube) October 26, 2012
By Matt Walker
The spicules of sponges viewed under high magnification Sea sponges can beam light deep inside their bodies, and do so using the natural equivalent of fibre optic cables, scientists have found. Sponges are among the oldest and simplest of Earth's animals. The discovery that they use such a futuristic light transmission system has therefore delighted researchers. The finding, made by a German team, is published in the Journal of Experimental Marine Biology and Ecology. Whereas other animals pass electrical currents around their bodies using nerve cells, sponges appear to be the only animals capable of transmitting light around their bodies in this way, the group says. This may help explain why some sponges are able to grow so big, and also clear up a long-standing mystery about how other, much smaller organisms are able to live deep within the bodies of large sponges. Glass skeletons Sponges mainly live in the sea, and are extremely primitive organisms. They lack muscles, nerves and internal organs, for example, and are essentially a diverse set of cells supported by a hard exoskeleton. Two of the three major types of sponge build their skeletons using special structures called spicules. These are made from silica and are basically glass rods. Previous experiments suggested that light can pass along these structures. Now, Franz Brummer, of the University of Stuttgart, and colleagues have proved that living sponges use these internal glass rods as light conductors. Photosensitive paper was placed inside sponges of the species T. aurantium Light reaching the surface of the sponge is reflected off the insides of each spicule in much the same way light bounces along the inside of a fibre optic cable used to transmit electronic data. In doing so, light is beamed deep into the sponge. Brummer's team made the discovery using living sponges of the species Tethya aurantium. They collected the sponges from shallow waters off the coast of Croatia, and then transferred them to tanks of seawater. They then implanted light sensitive paper deep inside each sponge. They did so under dark conditions and then exposed the surface of the sponge to light. When they checked the paper, they found it was covered in spots, which corresponded exactly with where light would exit each spicule. Shared existence In a control experiment, the researchers tested another sponge that does not grow using glass spicules. No light entered deep within it, showing that spicules are necessary to transmit the light. "Sponges are fascinating animals and there're lots about them we are waiting to discover," says Brummer. He suspects that deep-sea sponges may use giant natural fibre optic arrays to harvest what little light reaches them. "Sponges in the deep sea can form spicules up to one metre long and two centimetres in diameter," he explains. Beaming light deep inside their bodies may explain why some sponges grow to such large sizes, and develop rounded shapes. To grow big, sponges need essential nutrients, including carbon, nitrogen and other metabolites. These are provided by smaller organisms such as algae and cyanobacteria, with which the sponges have a symbiotic relationship. But these smaller organisms need light to survive. Because of this they usually live on the outside of sponges. In 1994, however, researchers discovered that algae sometimes do live deep within the bodies of sponges, creating a mystery as to how they survive there. The answer, as Brummer's team has now confirmed, is that they live off light beamed down to them.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Johnathon Vaughn sits by a large window in his Gastown apartment, wearing a black turtleneck. Besides his hands, feet, and neck, his entire body underneath the fabric is covered in tattoos—a far cry from the archetype of someone interested in Lego.
It's curious to many, the concept of adults playing with a child's toy. But Vaughn, who is the principal and creative director of Gastown design firm Epix Studios, views Lego as an exploration into physical space, composition, architecture, and shadow—all basic building blocks of design principle.
Vaughn became an Adult Fan of Lego (AFOL) nearly two years ago, when a friend started posting pictures on Instagram of a Volkswagen van he was building with the tiny bricks. Inspired to try it for himself, Vaughn began creating his own pieces: primarily replicas of Vancouver landmarks, including Save On Meats, the Gastown steam clock, and Pacific Central Station.
He describes what happened next as “falling down the rabbit hole.”
As a self-proclaimed extremist, Vaughn admits he has an addictive personality, latching on to whatever challenges him to examine life to its fullest and from varying angles. When he started running, it had to be a full marathon. When he started smoking, he loved it until he suddenly quit. When he reads, it's the likes of James Joyce and Oscar Wilde—heavy, substantial, and always questioning. A new project or hobby, whatever it may be at the time, is all-consuming until it's done. “I view what I do with Lego as the same; it's such a small part of who I am, yet it contributes to my overall wellbeing,” he says. “You know when you go to bed and you need to sleep, but there are a million things in your head just firing away? I used to grab The New York Times crossword puzzle, and the chaos of the day was refined to a four-letter word for ‘balcony in an Italian opera house'. It was an escape, it was relaxing and calming—that's Lego for me now. It's replaced every other fixation I have ever had.”
Psychiatrist and author Dr. Shimi Kang says that nowadays we are keeping ourselves busier than ever, but we are also intuitively drawn to slow down. “Adults need to play as much as kids; our brains are wired for it,” she says. “All kinds of play, including Lego, stimulate our adaptive centers of our brain, allowing us to become comfortable with uncertainty, learn through trial and error, regulate our emotions, and think critically.” She adds that there is no need for concern when it comes to adults who are drawn to toys designed to entice children. “This is a great sign that we are moving closer to our humanity and what optimizes our brains,” she explains.
Though it seems niche, there are countless AFOLs; in fact, this April will see the Adult Lego Fan Convention, BrickCan, take place in Richmond. For four days, hundreds of Lego builders from across North America and around the world will gather to showcase their models and custom designs.
For Vaughn, connections to Lego are present even through the tattoos under his turtleneck. On his back, a Japanese deity supported by a dragon helps those on their journey through life into heaven; on his front, two juvenile koi dive down into a spring. The legend of the koi says that once they come back around through the seasons, they turn into dragons. “So if you see a Japanese dragon, it has the scales of koi, the antlers of deer, and the lion's mane,” says Vaughn. “All of these parts are present because after you go through life, you are a collection of all the things you have seen and done.”
So how does that tie back to a colorful plastic brick?
“The person I am today is because of exploration like this,” he says. “Opposed to looking at things with a critical eye, I look at it with an eye of intrigue.”
Lego has given him a new way to examine a familiar city. He finds himself constantly looking around Vancouver to see what he can replicate in Lego form, with his sights often set on Gastown. Beyond honouring his love for architecture, Lego has strengthened his relationship with his brother and provided a deeper understanding of his young nephew. It draws a connection between adulthood and childhood, with joy as the common denominator. “I state unequivocally that Lego is the only thing that everyone responds to with a smile,” Vaughn says. “People connect to it because, at its core, it's about happiness.”
Unless, of course, you step on one.
_________
Like this story? Get more great stories delivered right to your inbox.
Dry hopping is the process of adding hops to your beer during fermentation and conditioning, rather than during or before the boil or whirlpooling. Dry-hopped beers have a much greater hop aroma than their non dry-hopped counterparts. When you see a version of a beer that says “dry-hopped” or even “double dry-hopped,” you can be assured that this beer will smell much more hoppy than It's less hopped original.
Arguably, the beer will taste more hoppy too. Our noses and tastebuds are intertwined, and smelling something basically means tasting it, and vice versa. Almost all of the world's best IPAs are dry-hopped, and many other great beers are dry-hopped as well. If you are looking for an effective way to improve your beer, regardless of its style, dry hopping is a great option to consider.
But now, when exactly should you put those whole leaf hop goodies into your beer?
Simply put, the longer your beer sits with dry hops, the more hop aroma you will get. For my IPAs, I have typically added the dry hops 24 hours after first putting my wort into the fermenter, and gone on to ferment and condition for a total of 7 to 14 days. This leads to a total of 6 to 13 days of dry hopping, and a very strong hop aroma as a result, perfect for an IPA. While there may be a maximum amount of time you should dry hop (I have heard people say they get excessive grassy notes when dry hopping for too long), I have yet to get to that point; up to two weeks has worked perfectly for me.
For my latest DIPA (double IPA), I threw in my dry hops into the fermenter immediately. Yes, I literally poured my wort into my sanitized fermenter and tossed in whole cone hops as well. I have heard rumors that having these hops in your fermenter during active fermentation may lead to an entirely new level of hop dankness that has been previously unknown to my mortal tastebuds. Once it is bottled and tasted, I will return with the results. Or if I don't, please assume that the hops have mutated into intelligent life and have held me hostage away from my blog.
For everything else, I would start with 1 week of dry hopping before your beer will be done in the fermenter, and see if you like it. If you have made a particular beer before without dry hops, try it with dry hops this time and see if you can tell the difference. It is always good to have a control when testing something out for the first time! In any case, due to the naturally sanitary nature of hops, there is almost no risk of anything going haywire in your beer.
For quantity, my rule of thumb is 1 oz whole cone hops per 2.5 gallons of beer. If you are making a 5 gallon batch, start off with 2 oz whole cone hops in your fermenter. You can certainly add more per gallon if you want even more hop aroma!
Cheers, and happy hopping!
Advertisements
There have been a few missteps along the way, but in general the last decade of Lego games made by Traveller's Tales have been fantastic. The innate qualities of Lego - its universally understood design, its magnetic tactility and its inspirational capacity to be anything you can imagine - have been hitched to the deep worlds of licensed properties like Star Wars, Harry Potter and The Lord of the Rings, and brought to life by the magical potential for games to let players build and destroy things in seconds, whatever the scale. It's become the formula where everyone wins.
Even so, Lego City Undercover - an open-world matinee crime romp following an undercover cop's adventures in the plastic metropolis - was a risk. The Lego City line of models may be among the Danish toy company's top performers, but while fire-trucks and police cars may appeal to a seven-year-old on spec, the rest of us take more convincing. Even the kids may balk; past Lego games have involved collecting thousands - millions - of coin-like studs which can be invested to unlock new characters for use in Free Play, but how can a security guard, a limo driver or an ambulance worker hope to capture anyone's imagination to the same extent as a Han Solo or Professor Snape? Wouldn't you go straight to the exit rather than pausing to collect anything?
Lego City Undercover answers this challenge in a sensible way: it distracts you from it for so long that it becomes irrelevant. You still collect studs - millions of them - and you still use them to unlock alter egos and vehicles that you can have heli-dropped at locations around Lego City, but now there's another currency that takes precedent. Super Bricks, left behind when you smash items of scenery, can be saved up and spent on 'Super Builds' - large structures like fairground rides, ramps and suspension bridges, which often have gameplay implications and are assembled in fast-motion as a swooning camera salivates all over them.
Super Bricks hold a greater attraction than studs - partly because Super Bricks are just cooler-looking pieces of Lego than studs, and partly because Super Builds like helipads and vehicle call-in points are so desirable - and they are woven expertly throughout the open-world city. Whenever you drive down a street you're constantly carving a path that takes you through every streetlamp, kiosk, cone and railing you can smash in order to collect some more, assisted by a multiplying effect that grows for as long as you can chain scenery hits together.
The game's Wii U exclusivity has brought a few Nintendo references with it, which are subtly integrated and worth watching out for. I haven't pictured any here - I wouldn't do that to you.
The lack of a licence hasn't stifled Traveller's Tales' script, either. (Actually, it's sister studio TT Fusion at the controls.) As undercover cop Chase McCain, hot on the heels of arch nemesis Rex Fury, you discover you're in a world of unlicensed references instead - like an ice-cream parlour pastiche of GoodFellas' single-shot nightclub scene, or a kung fu master inspired by Morpheus who is also a part-time plumber ("Empty your mind - as you would a radiator before replacing it"). When you rob a bank to impress a mob boss, the vault opens to the sound of Ode to Joy. Yippee ki-yay!
After a while, you realise it's not just the movie gags that hit home - it's everything. Each mission is soundtracked by jokes delivered through PA, video link or an on-screen companion, and as you walk or drive around Lego City you're bombarded with tickling radio messages or NPC dialogue. (I still get a kick out of the guy next to the door when I leave the police station who declares, "If I make two more arrests this month, I get a WAFFLE iron!") This is the same brilliant conveyor belt of winking tributes, dad jokes and slapstick gags that you expect from Traveller's Tales, and while licensed Lego games have always had that, Lego City Undercover makes it more obvious than ever that it's been down to the dev team rather than the licences.
The Nintendo Difference Lego City Undercover is a Wii U exclusive and therefore, as you might imagine, it makes extensive use of the system's unique GamePad controller. Most of the time the GamePad is used to show you a map of Lego City, but it's also called upon wherever you might need a touch-screen interface. The designers sometimes use it to a fault, in fact - video link-ups to other characters would have been better as window-in-window images on your TV screen so you could glance at them while you keep playing - but they also do some fun things with it, allowing hero Chase McCain to see through the environment and isolate collectables or eavesdrop on conversations. Nintendo fans hoping that Traveller's Tales would unlock the true potential of the GamePad will have to keep waiting for that, however, because if anything Lego City Undercover highlights one of the GamePad's shortcomings: the way developers keep using it as an in-game analogue for smartphones and tablets. Using maps, flicking through catalogues or using the GamePad to input data all invite too much comparison to equivalent experiences on iOS and Android devices, and that comparison is never going to flatter the GamePad, which feels awkward and dawdling next to those multi-core glass-faced smart-beasts. In truth, Lego City Undercover doesn't need to be on Wii U at all. Even the best GamePad features could be recreated on a single screen without too much difficulty. Who cares, though, when the game is this much fun?
Eventually, of course, there will be no getting away from the mild banality of unlocking a fisherman rather than an Aquaman, but there are so many hours of fun and laughter to get through first that I found it hard to be bothered. The game beneath these tantalising collectables, glinting jokes and warming cut-scenes is really substantial. It has a fairly standard spine: classic, fixed-perspective Lego story missions embellished with open-world car chases and rooftop free-runs, along with all sorts of side activities like point-to-point races. Those may not jump off the page, but they do quietly glue you to the screen.
Lego City itself feels quite passive to begin with as you tear between mission objectives - lacking the character of Liberty City's many different boroughs and neighbourhoods, or eye-catching landmarks like Crackdown's Agency Tower - but once you stop and zoom in on an area, you realise it's been dressed very cleverly. It doesn't matter if you're circling a log cabin in the countryside, poking through alleyways on an industrial estate or clambering over shipping containers at the docks; you quickly find little breadcrumb trails terminating in a hidden character, a Super Brick stash or a side mission, or little squirts of pointless fun like assembling five bubblegum machines or winning a basketball mini-game.
It's all anchored by another classic collectable, the Gold Brick, and there are 450 of them to find in Lego City Undercover. You get them for finishing missions and side activities, for unlocking disguise-swapping kiosks, and of course for completing Super Builds, giving you an even stronger compunction to go after the moreish Super Bricks. Gold Bricks have always had a similar hold over players to Mario's stars, so they're an apposite deterrent to boredom in a Nintendo console exclusive.
There are dozens of Super Build locations around Lego City - things like helipads - and although there's some repetition that doesn't stop you lusting after Super Bricks.
If you start probing for them in the first few hours then a row of doors covered in padlock icons becomes a common sight, because many abilities are tied into completing the story missions. But that's a path you'll want to tread quickly anyway, because the game is at its best when it sends you burrowing beneath its nondescript surface.
The developers certainly don't need Hogwarts or Minas Tirith to make this stuff interesting, because the rarefied design of the fixed-perspective story levels is just as clear in a trademark-free space centre or dinosaur museum as it ever has been in licensed surroundings. Every area is strewn with things to break, manipulate and collect, and the consequences of doing so are threaded so that you criss-cross areas between loot drops, surprise gags and puzzle gimmicks, topping up your enthusiasm at every step.
The story is pretty generic, but then it's mainly there to justify the jokes and tie things together, and on the plus side it's refreshing to play a game that is so artfully wholesome. Chase is constantly apologising for traffic violations and prangs (yelling out of the window that he'll be back later with his insurance details), there are no guns, and pretty much all the combat (of which there is only a token amount anyway) is based on self-defence rather than violent attacks - which must take restraint in a universe where people are supposed to be pulled apart at the waist and neck.
There are a few problems, but they are mostly limitations of the hardware. The draw distance and frame-rate aren't terribly solid, although this never interfered with my enjoyment of the game, and as with previous Lego titles the camera doesn't always lend itself well to precise platform jumps. With a heavy emphasis on the Wii U GamePad (see sidebar), the game also lacks any multiplayer features, which is unusual for a Lego title - it didn't bother me, but you should take it into account if that's a big part of your relationship with the series. Lego City Undercover is also guilty of some of the usual open-world genre sins, like long journeys between objectives and repetitive side missions. The biggest blemish, though, is the load times when moving between level interiors and the open world - these are weirdly long and the only time the game loses your attention, with not even a set of amusing tooltips to distract you.
The lack of words on the load screens is unusual, though, because in many senses this is a game - and a toy - completely defined by that kind of attention to detail. In the real world, Lego has fought off competition from rivals with its design quality - every Lego brick is stamped with an identifying number so the Danes can fix the mould that produced it, should anyone detect a defect - and Traveller's Tales has proven a worthy custodian of that heritage, something that Lego City Undercover happily extends.
It may not have a big-name sci-fi or fantasy licence to hang its hat on, then, but it turns out Traveller's Tales has itself been working undercover for a while on that front, lurking behind the smokescreens of Gotham City and the galaxy far away as it evolved into an accomplished developer capable of charming players with a mixture of great writing, twinkling level design and laudable values that keep you coming back regardless. Lego City Undercover isn't ceaselessly brilliant - open-world games seldom are - but it's a fantastic example of what makes Traveller's Tales and TT Fusion such special developers, and the worst I can say is that it's occasionally only fun. And you know what? I'll take that wherever I can find it.
A recent study released by the civil liberties advocacy group highlights the rise in U.S. government Big Brother policies by localizing the National Security State with no accountability.
Politically motivated domestic surveillance and harassment are surging in the U.S., a recent study by the American Civil Liberties Union (A.C.L.U.) found. Though recent reports have indicated the military is taking a Bush Administration spy program out of hibernation—of datamining information collected through domestic surveillance policies—the civil liberties group added that local agencies and private corporation are violating rights to privacy and free speech with impunity.
The release of the report, “Policing Free Speech: Police Surveillance and Obstruction of First Amendment‐Protected Activity” [.pdf], coincides with the civil liberties advocacy group's launch of “Spy Files“, a “web hub on domestic political surveillance, which will serve as a comprehensive resource on domestic spying”, according to a statement.
“It will include a database of documents obtained through state and federal open-records requests as well as links to news reports and other relevant materials,” it added.
Analyzing 111 incidents in 33 states, the group found that all levels of law enforcement are abusing weak standards of probable cause to meet low burdens of proof to threaten and spy on people. The government's policies result in harassing, surveying and kidnapping people “for doing little more than peacefully exercising their First Amendment rights” displays a regression of basic human rights defense, according to the A.C.L.U., which added:
Political spying—rampant during the Cold War under the F.B.I.'s COINTELPRO, the C.I.A.'s Operation Chaos and other programs—has experienced a steady resurgence in the years following 9/11 as state and local law enforcement are being urged by federal law enforcement agencies to participate in counterterrorism practices. “In our country, under our Constitution, the authorities aren't allowed to spy on you unless they have specific and individual suspicion that you are doing something illegal,” said Michael German, A.C.L.U. Policy Counsel and former F.B.I. Special Agent. “Unfortunately, law enforcement in our country seems to be reverting to certain old, bad behaviors when it comes to political surveillance. Our review of these practices has found that Americans have been put under surveillance or harassed by the police just for deciding to organize, march, protest, espouse unusual viewpoints and engage in normal, innocuous behaviors such as writing notes or taking photographs in public.”
Community policing projects—“suspicious activity reporting” (S.A.R.) programs [.pdf]—are expanding the reach of what the U.S. Supreme Court called the “reasonable suspicion” standard, a “Spy Files” post adds:
S.A.R. programs increase the probability that innocent people will be stopped by police and have their personal information collected for inclusion in law enforcement and intelligence data bases. They also open the door to racial profiling and other improper police practices by giving police unwarranted discretion to stop people who are not reasonably suspected of wrongdoing. […] The Supreme Court established “reasonable suspicion” as the standard for police stops in Terry v. Ohio in 1968. This standard required suspicion supported by articulable facts suggesting criminal activity was afoot before a policeman could stop a person for investigative purposes. Likewise, the Department of Justice established a reasonable suspicion standard for the inclusion of personally identifiable information into criminal intelligence systems. Title 28, Part 23 of the Code of Federal Regulations states that law enforcement agencies receiving federal funds: shall collect and maintain criminal intelligence information concerning an individual only if there is reasonable suspicion that the individual is involved in criminal conduct or activity and the information is relevant to that criminal conduct or activity [emphasis added]. S.A.R. programs threaten this reasonable, time-tested law enforcement standard by encouraging the police and the public to report behaviors that are not reasonably indicative of criminal or terrorist behavior. In January 2008 the D.N.I. [Information Sharing Environment (I.S.E.)] Program Manager published functional standards for state and local law enforcement officers to report ‘suspicious' activities to fusion centers and to the federal intelligence community through the I.S.E. The behaviors it described as inherently suspicious included such innocuous activities as photography, acquisition of expertise, and eliciting information. The following March the Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) initiated its own S.A.R. program to “gather, record, and analyze information of a criminal or non-criminal nature, that could indicate activity or intentions related to either foreign or domestic terrorism,” and included a list of 65 behaviors L.A.P.D. officers “shall” report, which included taking pictures or video footage, taking notes, drawing diagrams and espousing extreme views. In June 2008, long before either of these programs could be evaluated, the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security teamed up with the Major City Chiefs Association to issue a report recommending expanding the S.A.R. program to other U.S. cities. (Indeed, in April 2009 the L.A.P.D. admitted its S.A.R. program had not foiled any terrorist threats during its first year in operation.) The F.B.I. began its own S.A.R. collection program called eGuardian in 2008, and in 2010 the military announced it would implement a S.A.R. program through eGuardian.
Programs like COINTELPRO, Operation Chaos, the Denver Police Department labeling a Nobel Peace Prize-winning Quaker organization and a 73-year-old nun as “criminal extremists,” and a case—just settled this week—of an antiwar activist being spied on and arrested on false charges to keep him from attending a protest are “quickly becoming a dime a dozen”, Amanda Simon posted today at the A.C.L.U. Blog of Rights.
In a separate post, describing the objective of “Spy Files”, the A.C.L.U. stated these policies are “directed at all of us” and the motivations are politically manufactured fear. They are not isolated to federal law enforcement, military intelligence and foreign intelligence agencies, but extend to local agencies—even those unrelated to law enforcement:
Today the government is spying on Americans in ways the founders of our country never could have imagined. The FBI, federal intelligence agencies, the military, state and local police, private companies, and even firemen and emergency medical technicians are gathering incredible amounts of personal information about ordinary Americans that can be used to construct vast dossiers that can be widely shared with a simple mouse-click through new institutions like Joint Terrorism Task Forces, fusion centers, and public-private partnerships. The fear of terrorism has led to a new era of overzealous police intelligence activity directed, as in the past, against political activists, racial and religious minorities, and immigrants. This surveillance activity is not directed solely at suspected terrorists and criminals. It's directed at all of us. Increasingly, the government is engaged in suspicionless surveillance that vacuums up and tracks sensitive information about innocent people. Even more disturbingly, as the government's surveillance powers have grown more intrusive and more powerful, the restrictions on many of those powers have been weakened or eliminated. And this surveillance often takes place in secret, with little or no oversight by the courts, by legislatures, or by the public.
“Spy Files” has a section where users can monitor government “spying on First Amendment activity” cases by state.
Advertisements
Kim Swift (born 1983) is an American video game designer best known for her work at Valve with games such as Portal and Left 4 Dead. Swift was featured by Fortune as one of "30 Under 30" influential figures in the video game industry.[2] She was described in Mental Floss as one of the most recognized women in the industry[3] and by Wired as "an artist that will push the medium forward".[2]
Career [ edit ]
A graduate of DigiPen, Kim Swift and a group of her fellow graduates developed Narbacular Drop, a portal-based game that was later presented to Valve, which led to Gabe Newell personally offering to hire them so that they could create the critically acclaimed game Portal.[4] Kim Swift was the leader of the Portal team as well as a level designer. She was credited along with writer Erik Wolpaw in Portal's Game Developers Choice Awards for design, innovation, and game of the year.[3]
Besides Portal, Swift has been involved in other Valve projects, most notably Left 4 Dead and its sequel, Left 4 Dead 2, where she also played a leading role in development.[5]
In December 2009, Swift left Valve to join Airtight Games. There, in cooperation with Square Enix, she led the team that developed Quantum Conundrum.[6]
Amazon announced in April 2014 that they had brought Swift in to help build games in their internal studio.[7] Swift described her role as senior designer for as yet undisclosed projects.[6] In January 2017, Electronic Arts announced they have hired Swift as a design director within their Motive Studios, who are currently working on Star Wars Battlefront II.[8]
Games [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Role-playing in Darwin during disaster response training with the World Health Organisation is a crash course in patience, team-playing and cultural sensitivity
The health workers in official-looking lanyards walk up to the immigration desk and hand over their passports. “Where are you from? Why are you in my country?” barks a fierce, khaki clad official.
“We're coming to help the ministry of health in response to the cyclone,” replies one woman.
“Where's your visa paperwork? Take your hat off.”
The health workers, representing the World Health Organisation (WHO), had just arrived in Namuna, a fictional island nation devastated by a category five cyclone.
Actors posing as government officials were not making things easy for the candidates who had come from across the Asia Pacific and Europe to Darwin for a disaster response training course with the National Critical Care and Trauma Response Centre (NCCTRC).
“There will be a doctor with no registration, a nurse who just likes to help, a tourist who's hurt,” explains Matt Harper, the NCCTRC's director of disaster management preparedness and response, and – for the simulation – a Namuna customs official. “I'm going to give them an exceedingly hard time.”
Monica Murphy and Inda Acharya play the part of Namuna immigration officials, questioning, intimidating and at one point appearing to rip off the health workers trying to get past them into the country.
“Depending on how they react, some of them … can be very nervous and timid so we go easy on this sort of people, but you get the smartarses as well and we give them a real hard time,” Murphy says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A fictional map used as part of a training course on disaster response in Darwin on Thursday. Photograph: Helen Davidson for the Guardian
Once through immigration and customs, the candidates are sent upstairs to coordinate an emergency medical team and begin helping those suffering after the cyclone.
“There will be trauma, displaced people and a lack of access to healthcare for the first two weeks due to the impact of the cyclone. Then we're going to throw them a curveball,” says Ian Norton, chief of foreign medical teams for the WHO and project leader for the exercise.
Many of the candidates are already in these kinds of roles for their own governments but Thursday's simulation seeks to teach extra skills as well as train them in managing the UN system and work with international teams under intense pressure while supporting a devastated local health system.
“Each country is different … Usually you've travelled a long way and are quite tired, it's quite a high emotion situation and in the immediate aftermath of a crisis you need to be able to enter a country and understand there are cultural and system differences,” says Professor Tarun Weeramanthri, chief health officer of Western Australia.
“So you've got have patience and go with the local procedures, but you've also got to stick together as a team. You've got to form a culture very very quickly and find effective ways to work together.”
The training and protocols were designed after the 2010 Haitian earthquake, which saw numerous doctors and nurses – and some people posing as such – turn up with good intentions but no capacity to be self-sufficient or operate appropriately under the conditions.
“We saw what we always see in disasters – lots of doctors and nurses and paramedics wanting to do the best thing, watching CNN or the news and jumping on a plane and going with a little backpack,” Norton tells Guardian Australia.
“But when they got to Haiti they didn't realise it was among the poorest countries in the world with a poor security situation before the earthquake, never mind after.”
Norton cowrote a new medical standard for disaster response, fine-tuning and improving it over a succession of disasters in the Philippines, Vanuatu, West Africa and finally Nepal where he said 150 teams and 4,500 responders were sent into the field within a day of arriving.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa saw a shortage of health workers – largely out of fear of catching the disease.
“Part of our work now is to create more outbreak disease-ready teams, ready to come forward and treat Ebola, cholera, maybe Sars or some other respiratory infection,” says Norton. “Because we shouldn't plan for the last outbreak of disease, we should plan for the next.”
With the new protocols a basic set of standards is added to and adapted for specific disasters. Teams are registered, inspected and verified by the WHO. Earthquakes demand expertise in trauma and surgical emergencies, but typhoons and floods have more maternal and child health problems, as well as infectious diseases.
“But underneath the standards are the same – you can't expect the local government to come and give you food and medicines to hand out,” says Norton.
The candidates have been on this particular course for a week, and the Namuna simulation will last two days.
“The styles of various people are what's made it so rich, and the candidates are learning more from each other than I think they ever learned from the faculty,” says Norton.
“It's really taught me that when we run these courses now we need to have a mix of nationalities because that's exactly what you have in a real response. Understanding how each team works and thinks allows you to deploy them to their maximum, but underneath it all we're hoping the human side wins through and they're all there for the same core reason, which is to care for people.”
Free agency is far from over. While it may seem like things have quieted down and veterans are the only players left for teams to sign, there is a group of players the New York Islanders should take a look at to resolve their second-line center issue: restricted free agents.
The NHL, including the New York Islanders, goes silent in August. Why? Teams already have their rosters set and are focused on preparing for next year with the player they have then looked to add.
Some teams, like the Vancouver Canucks and Columbus Blue Jackets, have another thing to worry about, however. RFAs Bo Horvat (VAN) and Alexander Wennberg (CBJ), two young, elite centers coming off 50+ point seasons, are still unsigned by their respective teams and are starting to enter the stage where they should know their future.
Offer Sheets: A Rare Commodity
RFAs almost always sign with the team that owns their rights, whether that be the team they played for last, or a new team in a trade. The last time an RFA was signed by another team was when Dustin Penne left the Anaheim Ducks to go to the Edmonton Oilers on a five-year, $21 million contract in the summer of 2007.
In fact, RFAs accepted offer sheets is almost just as rare, as described in an NHL.com article titled “Why GMs shy away from offer sheets.”
“Since the summer of 2005, only six restricted free agents have been signed to offer sheets, most recently last year, when the San Jose Sharks signed Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson to a four-year, $14 million deal.”
NHL GMs are hesitant to go after restricted free agents due to a variety of reasons, but seem to be most scared by the draft picks they will need to give up to sign these players, as shown below.
2017 NHL RFA compensation (courtesy of SBNation.com)
Average annual value Compensation $1,295,571 or less Nothing $1,295,571 to $1,962,968 Third-round pick $1,962,968 to $3,925,975 Second-round pick $3,925,975 to $5,888,960 First- and third-round picks $5,888,960 to $7,851,948 First-, second-, and third-round picks $7,851,948 to $9,814,935 Two first-, one second-, and one third-round picks Over $9,814,935 Four first-round picks
It is also likely that NHL GMs are weary of the future repercussions of signing another team's RFAs. Signing a player to an offer sheet could lead to a team adding much needed talent, but it could lead to them losing valuable players in the future.
In 2008, Los Angeles Kings GM Dean Lombardi had some interesting words threatening any general managers who decided to offer sheet one of his players.
“We're not only going to match any offer sheet. We'll have enough space to go after your guys. Go ahead and make our day. If you sign our guy, we're coming back with both barrels firing. You'd better be damn straight that you have the cap space and all your guys are signed.”
So that is certainly a lot of information to take in. Signing RFAs in the NHL is extremely difficult and is rarely done, but nonetheless, that should not stop the Islanders from taking a stab at it and risking the consequences they should face in the future.
Want your voice heard? Join the Eyes On Isles team! Write for us!
What the Islanders Should Do
Alexander Wennberg and Bo Horvat two centers are in contract purgatory, both halting extension talks and waiting for a better contract offer from their team. That is where the Islanders should step in.
Instead of offering a trade that will inevitably be denied and lead to the speeding up of contract talks, the Islanders should head right to the offer sheet.
Offer sheet one of these players to a long term deal worth $5.5M per season. Both teams will certainly have to consider matching the offer sheet, especially the Vancouver Canucks, who have just over seven million dollars of cap space.
The Canucks or Blue Jackets will have a tough decision to make, but may decide to match the offer sheet. If the contract is matched, no harm is done, and the Islanders can continue to explore other routes to acquire a second line center, like Matt Duchene.
But if the Islanders land Wennberg or Horvat, they will get a future star. They will have to protect themselves in the future, however, but that will not be a serious problem.
All that means is that future restricted free agents like Ryan Pulock and Anthony Beauvillier must be signed before they hit the market to ensure a spiteful, opposing GM will not return the favor back to the Islanders.
But the cost will be well worth it: for a first, second and third round pick (don't forget about the Hamonic trade), the Islanders will be able to check off their last box on their offseason checklist (a second line center) and put out a truly competitive team with few holes on opening night.
C'mon Garth
Garth Snow has always been a risky guy, and sometimes his moves do not work out. But signing a star to an offer sheet will 100% help the Islanders in the present and future.
Snow should not let himself be defined by an NHL norm that has lasted the last decade: he should go out and make a bold move that will appeal to the fanbase, team, and maybe even impending unrestricted free agent, John Tavares.
Something that has become common place in the NHL, teams not going near others' RFAs, has the potential to be shattered and changed forever. All it will take is Garth Snow picking up the phone and offering a player without a contract a juicy deal.
Make it happen.
8 years ago
(CNN) - President Barack Obama's overall approval rating has dropped below 50 percent as a growing number of Americans worry that the U.S. is likely to slip into another Great Depression within the next 12 months, according to a new national poll.
A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll released Wednesday also indicate that the economy overall remains issue number one to voters, with other economic issues - unemployment, gas prices and the federal deficit - taking three of the remaining four spots in the top five.
Read the full results (pdf).
Forty-eight percent of people questioned say they approve of how the president is handling his duties in the White House, down six points from late May. An equal 48 percent say they disapprove of how Obama's performing, up three points from late last month.
The poll indicates a slight deterioration among Democrats and independent voters, with the president's approval rating among Democrats down three points to 82 percent and down five points among independents to 42 percent.
"But far and away his biggest drop has come among Republicans. In May, over a quarter approved of President Obama's handling of his job, but that is down to 14 percent now, a clear indication that any advantage he gained from taking out Osama bin Laden has faded with time," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland.
According to the survey Obama's strength remains his personal appeal: Three-quarters of all Americans say they approve of him personally, including a plurality of Republicans. But positive views of the president's personality may be trumped by economic jitters.
"Obama's approval among Republicans spiked after bin Laden's death, and no one expected it to stay that high for another 18 months. But the White House is probably worried more about the much smaller drops among independents and even Democrats. Those shifts are likely due to concerns about the economy, particularly unemployment," adds Holland.
Forty-eight percent say that another Great Depression is likely to occur in the next year - the highest that figure has ever reached. The survey also indicates that just under half live in a household where someone has lost a job or are worried that unemployment may hit them in the near future. The poll was conducted starting Friday, when the Labor Department reported that the nation's jobless rate edged up to 9.1 percent.
"The poll reminded respondents that during the Depression in the 1930s, roughly one in four workers were unemployed, banks failed, and millions of Americans were homeless or unable to feed their families," says Holland. "And even with that reminder, nearly half said that another depression was likely in the next 12 months. That's not just economic pessimism - that's economic fatalism."
According to the survey, more than eight in ten Americans say that the economy is in poor shape, a number that has stubbornly remained at that level since March.
Not surprisingly, with that much economic angst, the economy is the number one issue, the only one that more than half of the public says will be extremely important to their vote for president next year. Nearly all issues that at least four in ten say will be extremely important to their vote are domestic issues. Terrorism also makes that list, but Afghanistan is fairly low and Libya is tied for dead last out of the 15 issues tested. Abortion and gay marriage also rank very low, indicating that 2012 may be an election that is shaped more by bread-and-butter issues than social and moral concerns.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted June 3-7, with 1,015 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points.
- CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
On October 31, the Delhi High Court cast aside Praful Patel's December 2016 election to the post of All India Football Federation (AIFF) president for a third term after ruling that the voting process had been in breach of the national sports code. The full court order is now available and here are the court's reasons for its decision, and the road ahead for the AIFF.
FIFA angle, other federations
One of the primary concerns raised before the court by the petitioner, Rahul Mehra, was the AIFF's citing of Article 27(1) of its parent body FIFA's constitution. That clause required the candidates for president and other office-bearers to have the support of at least five member associations. But the petition said the sports code had made it clear that each candidate needed the support of only two members - one to propose, one to second it.
The court was clear in upholding the petitioner's argument. FIFA's Article 27(1), it said, referred to elections to the international body and not for the national football association of a Member Association. "There is nothing on record to show that the same method of voting is essential for the Member Associations of FIFA and the said clause is either mandatory or applicable to the applicant." The court also pointed out that the FIFA rule was "not in consonance with the National Sports Code."
The court also went by several precedents across a number of national sports federations -- archery, hockey, gymnastics, wrestling as well as cricket -- that had violated the sports code. The transgressions ranged from discrepancies in issuing notices for elections, appointment of returning officers, filing of nominations and not providing candidates adequate time for canvassing. All these appeared to have taken place in the case of the AIFF too.
Lack of a proper time schedule
* Though the elections were scheduled for 21 December 2016, all permanent and associate members of the AIFF were told of the date only on November 17. The name of the returning officer -- the only person from whom nomination forms for various positions could be obtained -- was intimated to all concerned on November 25, but only with the address. The officer's landline number was given out only on November 30 -- and even that was a false one, according to the Goa Football Association (GFA).
* In order to properly represent itself at the AIFF elections, the Delhi governing body was informed of the need to conduct its own elections -- overdue from May 2015 -- in November 2016. Similarly, the association in Andhra Pradesh is said to have expressed its concerns about the state of the game since the formation of Telangana (in 2014). The GFA said the electoral college roll for December 21 elections was sent on November 23 -- a violation of Article 23.2 of the AIFF's own constitution, which required a minimum notice of 30 days.
Also see: What the Delhi High Court order means for Praful Patel, AIFF
I-League clubs in the dark after court ruling
FIFA 'requests' more info from AIFF on Praful Patel case
Electoral malpractices?
* The GFA also alleged electoral malpractice on part of AIFF senior vice-president Subrata Dutta, who is said to have followed up an e-mail about proposed executive committee members with an SMS "instructing" all members to fill up nomination forms in accordance with the proposed panel.
* Despite being asked on December 5 to send the electoral college list so that prospective candidates could meet the delegates/persons who would be voting, the AIFF made the list available only on December 13. Moreover, the names of delegates provided on December 13 were said to be "significantly different" from those who voted when the elections actually took place.
What next?
The Delhi High Court has ordered fresh AIFF elections under the supervision of former Chief Election Commissioner SY Quraishi. It has set November 30 as the date by which to "resolve the issue of disaffiliation of members/units" of the AIFF, so that the electoral list can be drawn up again. Elections are to be then held within six weeks of the preparation of the electoral college, with the elected body then urged to "carry out the requisite amendments" to bring the AIFF constitution in conformity with the national sports code.
The entire exercise has been given five months from the date that Quraishi takes charge, though the court has effectively given until November 14 for the order to come into effect so as to "obviate any impediment in the conduct of any competitive tournament" scheduled during this period. This means that the AIFF in its current shape has another week to ensure that the Indian Super League and the I-League don't get affected in terms of planning.
The court also said that till the elections were conducted and results declared, the AIFF would need the Administrator's prior approval for all new financial commitments and for routine expenses too.
As Canada's special forces prepares to increase in size, a planned move of its counterterrorism unit from Ottawa to a larger base has been stalled.
The cost to move Joint Task Force 2 to a new installation at CFB Trenton has tripled to more than $1 billion.
The Department of National Defence says it is now going back to the Liberal government for a decision on how it wants to proceed.
JTF2 had planned to leave its Dwyer Hill facility in Ottawa after 2019 for a new installation at CFB Trenton. The previous Conservative government had authorized $346 million for construction of the new JTF2 site and the move of the unit.
But the special forces command has significantly added capabilities to the proposed site, expanding it beyond its original scope. That has driven costs up to about $1.2 billion.
The Liberal government recently announced it was boosting the size of Canada's special forces by 605 personnel, although it's unclear how many of those would be for JTF2.
Still, the military has been warning for years that the counterterrorism unit has outgrown its Dwyer Hill installation.
Last year, the Department of National Defence told the Ottawa Citizen it would have a decision on the move by this summer. But it now acknowledges there are no clear timelines for the project, if it happens at all.
“Due to the complexity of the project, the scope continues to be developed to meet minimum operational requirements,” the DND stated in an email. “The Department will seek further direction from the government on the implementation plan as the project progresses.”
Jordan Owens, a spokeswoman for Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, said the request for direction has not yet arrived from the military.
Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Jon Vance has been warned the project is facing major risk in “cost and scope,” according to documents obtained by the Ottawa Citizen through the Access to Information law.
The military has been talking about the need for a new base for JTF2 since 2005. Among the options considered was an expansion of the existing Ottawa site or moving the unit to Garrison Petawawa.
In 2008, the Conservative government announced JTF2 would be relocated to CFB Trenton, but in 2014, DND officials said the unit would remain at its Ottawa location at least until 2019.
In a controversial move, the Conservative government in 2012 expropriated a 90-hectare farm, near the Trenton base. The farm's owner, Frank Meyers, made an unsuccessful bid to have the expropriation stopped. The farm had been in his family for more than 200 years.
The military took over the property, tore down barns, and built a berm and some access roads. Little else has been done with the land.
Due to the complexity of the project, the scope continues to be developed to meet minimum operational requirements
Meyers' supporters have asked the Liberal government to return the property, but it has declined to do so.
There are currently around 1,900 personnel in Canadian special forces. That will be increased to 2,500, but the Liberal government has not detailed the time frame in which this will take place.
The Liberals have also pledged to spend $1.5 billion on new equipment for the special forces. That gear will include new vehicles, surveillance aircraft and boats.
Canadian Special Operations Forces Command or CANSOFCOM oversees Joint Task Force 2, in Ottawa; the 427 Special Operations Aviation Squadron and the Canadian Special Operations Regiment, both in Petawawa; and the Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit, a Trenton, Ont.-based organization that deals with weapons of mass destruction.
The Liberal government defence plan also calls for new infrastructure for the Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit, which will see additional personnel added to its ranks. Some existing buildings will be remodelled while other new facilities will be constructed at Trenton.
If JTF2 vacates its Dwyer Hill installation, the site will be offered up within DND and then to other federal departments. After that it could be offered to provincial and municipal governments. “If there is no interest at these levels, the property will be sold on the open market through an open and fair process,” a DND spokeswoman has said.
• Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese
The Obama administration has prepared a draft proposal that could place China's energy supply to the isolated North at the center of new United Nations Security Council sanctions, Japan press reported. File Photo by John Angelillo/UPI | License Photo
SEOUL, Jan. 22 (UPI) -- The United States is expected to ask China to ban oil exports to North Korea and block imports of North Korean mineral resources, including iron ore and anthracite, as part of tighter sanctions against Pyongyang.
Quoting an anonymous diplomatic source, Kyodo News reported the Obama administration has prepared a draft proposal that could place China's energy supply to the isolated North at the center of new United Nations Security Council sanctions.
The proposal also suggests banning flights of North Korean airline Air Koryo to and from other countries. Beijing, the Chinese capital, is a major air hub for visitors seeking to visit Pyongyang.
The Asahi Shimbun reported Friday the sanctions draft proposal also includes plans to strengthen the inspection of North Korea cargo. More specifically, the proposal targets North Korea cargo that uses the Chinese port city of Dalian as a transit point for shipping.
"If proper cargo inspection takes place in Dalian, most banned North Korea exports can be vetted," an unidentified Security Council official told the Asahi.
Earlier this week, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken said China is key to supporting resolutions against North Korea provocations, but South Korean newspaper Hankyoreh reported the tougher measures may not be welcomed in Beijing.
Relations between China and North Korea have deteriorated, and Beijing recently condemned Pyongyang's fourth nuclear test.
Pyongyang issued a statement Friday that appeared to address those tensions.
"Whether we have external support or not makes any difference to [North Korea]," read the statement in the Rodong Sinmun.
"There is nothing more dangerous to a strong and prosperous independent nation than dependence on foreign nations," North Korea said.
Toronto waterfront landmark Captain John's Restaurant may be destined for the scrap heap. At least two “breakers” — companies that tow away and recycle old ships into reusable metal — are expected to seek court approval Thursday to rid Toronto of the aging eyesore.
Captain John is determined to save his famous floating restaurant at the foot of Yonge Street.
The winner's biggest advantage may simply be timing: Which company can make the towering ship disappear from the foot of Yonge St. by the Aug. 22 deadline favoured by the Toronto Port Authority. By Wednesday night, a group of U.S. investors was reconsidering its planned bid for the now-defunct floating restaurant, which has been docked at the foot of Yonge St. since the 1970s and mired in legal and financial problems for more than a decade. “Buying it is no problem,” says Boston-area businessman John Scales, who was in Toronto this week on behalf of three U.S. investors looking to buy the ship and turn it into an entertainment venue.
Article Continued Below
“The problem is, what do you do with it when you get it? It's going to take at least $3 million to restore it and you have to have a place to dock it to do business.”
That was proving to be the biggest challenge, says Scales, whose group presented a letter of intent to the port authority this week, seeking assistance to get a spot at Ontario Place, Sugar Beach or the former Rochester Ferry Terminal just to the east. Ultimately, what happens to the waterfront landmark will be up to a Federal Court judge who has set a 9 a.m. Thursday deadline for offers and will open the sealed bids at 2 p.m. Scales says he's been told of two breakers preparing bids — “the marine community is quite small” — but he's not certain of their names.
U.S. businessman John Scales has put together a group of investors looking to possibly buy Captain John's, which goes up for auction Thursday. ( Susan Pigg/The Toronto Star ) John Letnik, owner of floating "Captain John's" restaurant at the foot of Yonge St., seen in 2012. ( Boris SPREMO,C.M. )
“We have had interest from a number of potential buyers and we have facilitated a number of tours of the ship,” says port authority spokesperson Erin Mikaluk.
Who snags the ship will depend on a number of court-set conditions, including one saying that a buyer meet the undisclosed, appraised value of the largely gutted, mouldy 300-foot Jadran. The ship has been sitting in limbo since the City of Toronto shut off the water more than two years ago.
Article Continued Below
Owner “Captain” John Letnik, 75, owes more than $1 million in realty taxes, and berthing and other fees and has more than $650,000 worth of mortgages outstanding on the now defunct restaurant. The ship may be worth, at best, $500,000 or so as scrap metal, the price of which has fallen by half in the last few years as the Chinese economy has slowed. But marine experts have estimated in the past that it could cost $250,000 to remove bits of hazardous asbestos and lead paint on the old ship, tow and tear it apart. Scales figures that, at best, the sale — the court effort is being lead by the port authority on behalf of itself, Waterfront Toronto and the City of Toronto — may generate $100,000 to help pay off Letnik's outstanding debt. But he acknowledges that scrapping the ship gets rid of the problem quickly. His group's business plan for the ship, which includes towing it to dry dock, spending millions on renovations and securing at least a five-year lease, in advance, on a predetermined waterfront site easily accessible to tourists and locals, could have taken years. The potential of seeing the giant landmark scrapped breaks the heart of visionaries such as branding and design guru Michel Viau, founder and president of Toronto-based Ove Brand Design, who has seen the Jadran each summer day for years while commuting from his sailboat on the Toronto Islands to his downtown office. “I love that boat. If you take away the dirt and what's wrong … you see the picture of what it could look like in five years. It could be turned into a beautiful yacht with beautiful awnings and traditional deck chairs and lighting.” In the race to build condos and revamp the waterfront, “we're lacking that kind of heritage experience,” says Viau, who thinks civic officials should launch a design competition to give the ship new life. “New design is great, but there is a romance in stepping onto an old ship. It's one of the few remnants left of Toronto's working harbour.” Viau points to the Port of Montreal for inspiration. There, the fantastic floating spa and restaurant attraction Bota Bota evolved from a former ferry boat turned Richelieu River show boat. The boat was purchased by a Montreal-area family in 2008, turned over to an architect and opened in Old Montreal in late 2010. Waterfront officials here have made it clear that the Jadran is not part of its 30-year plan for revitalizing Toronto's waterfront: Luxury condos in the Residences of Pier 27 complex adjacent to the ship are slated to start occupying soon and Waterfront Toronto has plans for a public park and promenade where the gangplank to the ship rests. The port authority has said is having no waterfront land with the parking, water and sewage capacity to handle crowds. Letnik filed a $1.2 million lawsuit last December against the port authority, saying that very refusal to provide a long-term lease has crippled his ability to sell the ship and pay off his debts. For now, Letnik sits in dry dock — a basement unit in a three-storey apartment building he owns in Scarborough, where he's now transported an anchor, brass lanterns and other ship artifacts, most of them from his other waterfront venture, the Normac, which sank in 1981. They all decorate the front lawn of the well-kept building which has been Letnik's only port in a storm since he was effectively ousted from the captain's quarters of the ship when the water was shut off in June 2012. “There's no value in these things, but they are part of me — part of my history,” says Letnik as he awaits the Thursday auction. “I have a feeling nothing will happen. That there will be no bids,” he says wistfully. “And if there are,” he says, a sudden gleam in his eye, “I still have the keys to the ship.”
On Sept. 30, 1967, Ole Miss traveled to Lexington to face the University of Kentucky Wildcats for the start of SEC play for both squads that season. The outcome was what you might expect: "Mississippi overwhelmed inept Kentucky in the first half and rolled to a 26-13 Southeastern Conference victory," the AP reported thus completely missing the historic importance of the game.
The Wildcats defensive end, Nat Northington, played for a total of three minutes in the contest. His performance cut short that afternoon by a dislocated shoulder that would plague him the whole of the season. Despite its brevity, his presence on the football field marked the first integrated Southeast Conference game. Just more than five years later, every team in the SEC would have African-American athletes on their roster. (Ironically, the last team to add a black player would be that same Ole Miss squad).
A week before the Kentucky vs Mississippi contest, Northington started in the Wildcats season opener against Indiana in Bloomington, In. Although it marked the first time an SEC team took the field with a black player in the starting roster. Despite the milestone, the day was a dark one. The Wildcats lost 12-10 and Northington dislocated his shoulder (later that week the team would bury the squads other black player, Greg Page, who died from injuries he received in fall practice).
While the SEC was considered the "final citadel of segregation" in college football, when integration finally arrived, it moved relatively quickly across the conference. A key reason is that toward the end of the 60s the US Department of Health, Education and Welfare began threatening to pull federal funding from schools not in compliance with the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
I've put together a chart showing the chronolological order each team in the SEC integrated their varsity football squad with the names of their first black players as well as the year of their signing class.
Team First Black Player Signed First Game 1967 Kentucky Nat Northington 1965 Sept. 23, 1967 1968 Tennessee Lester McClain 1967 Sept. 14, 1968 1970 Auburn James Owens 1969 Sept. 19, 1970 Florida Leonard George Willie Jackson 1969 1969 Sept. 12, 1970 Sept. 12, 1970
Miss. State
Robert Bell
Frank Dowsing
1969 1969 Sept. 12, 1970
Sept. 12, 1970 Vanderbilt James Hurley 1970 ? 1971 Alabama
John Mitchell Wilbur Jackson 1971 1970 Sept. 10, 1971
Sept. 18, 1971 Georgia
Richard Appleby Horace King Chuck Kinnebrew Larry West 1970 1970 1970 1970 Sept. 11, 1971
Sept. 11, 1971 Sept. 11, 1971 Sept. 11, 1971 Vanderbilt Taylor Stokes 1969 Sep. 11, 1971 1972 LSU Mike Williams 1971 Sept. 16, 1972 Ole Miss Ben Williams 1971 Sept. 30, 1972
The information here is culled from Charles H. Martin's superb book Benching Jim Crow: The Rise And Fall of the Color Line in Southern College Sports, 1890-1980. I've also drawn from the records of the conference itself and news clippings available online. Despite that, I could use some help filling in the details.
Every "First Game" listed in italics is simply that team's season opener that year. I have not been able to confirm the players listed actually started in those contests or if they did so later in the season. I would welcome any further information confirming this information or correcting it.
I've also had trouble discerning the facts about Vanderbilt's first black player. Taylor Stokes was the first black player offered a scholarship to the school in 1969 and he was on the freshman team that year. He was injured the next season and it's not clear if he played or not. Stokes only saw limited action as a kicker in 1971. In the interim, James Hurley, who had been on the Georgia team as a walk-on during the late 1960s, left Athens and enrolled at Vanderbilt where he was offered a scholarship and lettered in 1970. If he actually made it on the field in 1970, he may have been the Commodores first black player but I can find no information on that either way.
An overseas trip Presidential Republican Candidate Mitt Romney began last Wednesday and that is to last 7 days covering London, Israel and Poland, has been filled with gaffes and it is not yet half over. Perhaps that is the reason that his campaign staff is restricting media access now as Romney travels to Israel.
This restriction violates a pre-negotiated agreement made in April that gave reporters access to all events held in public spaces.
One event being restricted is a fundraising event scheduled at the King David Hotel with guests who are American big-money donors. The agreement says that a pool of television, print and wire reporters can chronicle every Romney fundraiser held in public venues. The exception is fundraisers held in private homes, which the King David Hotel definitely is not.
Romney's several blunders during his short stay in London are likely a very trying experience for those whose job it is to make him look like an excellent statesman to the media and the world.
Since several of Romney's wealthiest U.S. supporters plan to attend the fund-raiser which will be held Monday, it is quite suspicious to find this event closed to the press. It is especially suspicious since foreign individuals and organizations are barred from contributing to federal elections. Why is this event suddenly off-limits? Could it be that Romney wants to hide these investors identity from those of his American investors back home? Or is it about the blunders? Or could there be a plan for a SuperPAC coordinated attack, in violation of federal law? Or even, could he be attempting to raise money from illegal sources?
Rick Gorga, Romney's campaign specialist refused to answer when pressured by reporters about the event restriction. His only comment was, “it's closed press”.
It's definitely a suspicious decision on the part of the Romney campaign. What is being kept from the public besides Romney's tax returns?
KOLKATA: Downtown residential projects and commercial activities are all that chairman emeritus of Tata Group Ratan Tata could see on his way from Kolkata airport on Wednesday. “I couldn't see any industrial development… All this looks like countryside development,” he said.Forget making a London out of Kolkata, as chief minister Mamata Banerjee had promised, the city falls far short of Ratan Tata's expectations. In a biting coincidence, the Oberoi Group announced on the same day that it also doesn't have plans for Kolkata or Bengal at the moment. Tata's remarks will cut deep in a state grieving over the dismal industrial scene. Battling a series of recent setbacks, including the lynching of a jute mill CEO and INTTUC trouble at several industrial units, the ruling Trinamool Congress chose not to comment on Tata's observations.Asked if he saw any change in Kolkata in the last two years, Tata spoke freely at an interactive session organized by the Ladies' Study Group on Wednesday. “When I was coming from the airport I could see a lot of development coming up. I saw a lot of residential and commercial buildings but I couldn't see an industry. All this looks like countryside development,” said Tata, adding that he would like everyone to “look at what Narendra Modi has done for Gujarat”. He is quite positive about Modi's taking over as Prime Minister and hopes that India will be back on the growth trajectory.The former chairman of Tata Sons recalled two tough situations in his career — one positive and the other negative. While he could overcome the labour trouble in Pune factory, Singur turned out to be miscarriage, he said. “We had to shift a completed factory out of Singur due to hostility to a different location. There was a great risk involved in doing so. We had 3 lakh orders for the Nano car. Customers had made full payment. We lost one vital year in delivery because of which much of the enthusiasm about Nano was dampened,” he said.Ratan Tata (center) at the interactive session organized by the Ladies' Study Group in Kolkata.Tata doesn't have second thoughts on Singur when he looks back at his decision. “If you put a gun to my head, you pull the trigger or take the gun away. I won't move my head,” he said, echoing word-for-word what he had said while leaving Singur in October 2008. The industrialist is indebted to Narendra Modi for offering him land at Sanand in Gujarat. “I owe a great deal to Mr Narendra Modi who gave Nano its new home. A state government should be supportive of industrial groups and should not be biased against anyone. It should act as a facilitator,” Tata said.He pointed out that while he had a bitter experience in Singur, he could overcome a similar situation in Pune. “The Pune factory was facing a lot of labour trouble. One union leader, Rajan Naiar, used to beat our men and even stabbed a few of our engineers to demoralize them. I stood firm and stayed put in the factory for three nights. Finally, the leader was arrested. Old workers in Pune factory still recall the incident,” Tata said.If it's any consolation, Ratan Tata does have a soft corner for the Taj Group hotel in Kolkata. In fact, Taj Bengal is his most preferred hotel, he said.Tata is indebted to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for offering him land at Sanand in Gujarat.Earlier in the day, Oberoi-promoted EIH Ltd vice-chairman S S Mukherjee held that the business environment in Kolkata is not conducive for setting up a second hotel in the city. The company also has no plans for its property in North Bengal — Mount Everest Hotel that's lying closed for years.
Mitt Romney Calls Donald Trump 'A Phony, A Fraud'; Trump Hits Back
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
The most recent Republican presidential nominee is taking shots at Donald Trump's fitness to be president.
And he's not mincing his words.
Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, called the current GOP front-runner "a phony, a fraud" in a speech Thursday morning in Salt Lake City. And he didn't stop there.
Romney described Trump as "a con artist" whose demeanor is "recklessness in the extreme." As for Trump's record as a "huge business success"? "No, he isn't." And when it comes to Trump's prescriptions to bring back jobs from China and Japan? "Flimsy at best."
Trump quickly hit back at Romney during a rally Thursday afternoon, again calling him a "choke artist" and saying he was disappointed by his 2012 campaign. "The guy ran one of the worst campaigns in the history of politics," Trump said.
Trump added that Romney "chickened out" from running in 2016 because of Trump's candidacy.
Romney spoke for 20 minutes at the Hinckley Institute at the University of Utah and got specific, digging into aspects of Trump's record as a businessman.
"His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He's playing the American public for suckers: He gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat," Romney said, referring to a real estate seminar Trump launched in 2005 that was forced to change its name because it wasn't a real university. It is now the subject of multiple lawsuits alleging fraudulent behavior.
Romney then added to the list of failed business ventures: "There's Trump Magazine and Trump Vodka and Trump Steaks, and Trump Mortgage?" Romney concluded, "A business genius he is not."
Then came the attacks on Trump as a human being.
"After all, this is an individual who mocked a disabled reporter, who attributed a reporter's questions to her menstrual cycle, who mocked a brilliant rival who happened to be a woman due to her appearance, who bragged about his marital affairs, and who laces his public speeches with vulgarity."
Romney remarks are unprecedented in the way he — the party's most recent presidential nominee — attacks the man who seems on track to secure this year's GOP nomination.
Romney began the speech by saying he is not declaring his own candidacy, adding, "I am not going to endorse a candidate today."
He said one of three others still in the race — Sens. Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio, or Gov. John Kasich — should be the nominee. Then, without saying so specifically, he seemed to endorse a strategy to bring about a brokered GOP convention this summer.
"Given the current delegate selection process, this means that I would vote for Marco Rubio in Florida, for John Kasich in Ohio, and for Ted Cruz or whichever one of the other two contenders has the best chance of beating Mr. Trump in a given state," said Romney.
The goal would be to deny Trump the 1,237 delegates he needs to win the nomination on the convention's first ballot in July.
After reports surfaced that Romney was planning to speak out against Trump on Thursday, the billionaire was quick to fire back at Romney on Twitter.
Will Romney's blunt words have any impact? It's not likely Trump supporters will be moved by the critique of a man they see as the ultimate establishment insider — who failed in attempts to win the presidency.
In the past year, Trump has hardly needed excuses to lay into Romney. In stump speeches, he regularly calls Romney a "loser" who blew the chance to defeat President Obama in 2012.
In an interview Thursday morning with the Today show, Trump called Romney a "stiff."
But it wasn't always so contentious between these two wealthy Republican businessmen. Trump endorsed Romney's 2012 White House bid, and Romney eagerly reciprocated the love.
"I spent my life in the private sector — not quite as successful as this guy," Romney said at the time, turning and gesturing toward a gushing Trump. "But successful nonetheless."
Romney has been critical of Trump's tone for months, but this speech comes as Trump has won 10 of the first 15 nominating contests, holds a lead in convention delegates and shows little sign of flagging. While many Republican insiders are eager to rally around a non-Trump candidate, there's no indication voters are consolidating around an alternative.
In addition to criticizing his temperament, Romney argued that Trump is unelectable in a general election.
"Trump relishes any poll that reflects what he thinks of himself. But polls are also saying that he will lose to Hillary Clinton," said Romney.
This week, a group of more than 60 conservative foreign policy experts wrote an open letter denouncing Trump's statements, concluding that Trump is "fundamentally dishonest" and would "use the authority of his office to act in ways that make America less safe, and which would diminish our standing in the world."
The Zalakaros Open 2017 has witnessed a hilarious incident in the eighth round. World's youngest IM Praggnanandhaa R. was playing China's Li Bo, when the latter made an illegal move. Unfortunately, Pragg did not notice this and went on to lose. Can he appeal against the game?
Breaking: Praggnanandhaa's opponent makes an illegal move...
World's youngest International Master Praggnanandhaa R. is playing in the strong Gyula Sax Memorial tournament in Zalakaros. In the eighth round, he was paired against
...the Chinese player Li Bo, rated 2359.
On the 14th move, Li Bo, who is black, recaptured the queen on h5 with 14...Rxh5.
Now, it is Black to move again. Note that the rook on h8 has already moved and hence, he cannot castle kingside. However, Li Bo castled kingside!! And Praggu did not notice this and proceeded as if everything is normal!
Unfortunately, most of the live broadcast, including in Playchess, stopped right before the illegal move as the software does not comprehend it as it is illegal. The Followchess App. has the game continuation which is showing that Praggnanandhaa has lost the game.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
James Buchanan Duke: Father of the modern cigarette
It looks harmless enough - white, 8cm (3in) long and about the width of a child's finger - but the cigarette is vilified like no other product. Who invented it and how much responsibility does he bear for the countless deaths it has caused?
US surgeon Alton Ochsner recalled that when he was a medical student in 1919 his class was summoned to observe an autopsy of a lung cancer victim. At that time, the disease was so rare it was thought unlikely the students would ever get another chance.
But by the year 2000, it was estimated that 1.1 million people were dying annually from the disease, with about 85% of those cases stemming from a single cause - tobacco.
James Duke: A cigar smoker who made cigarettes
"The cigarette is the deadliest artefact in the history of human civilisation," says Robert Proctor of Stanford University. "It killed about 100 million people in the 20th Century."
Jordan Goodman, the author of Tobacco in History, says that as a historian he is careful about pointing the finger at individuals, "but in the history of tobacco I feel much more confident saying that James Buchanan Duke - otherwise known as Buck Duke - was responsible for the 20th Century phenomenon known as the cigarette."
Not only did Duke help create the modern cigarette, he also pioneered the marketing and distribution systems that have led to its success on every continent.
In 1880, at the age of 24, Duke entered what was then a niche within the tobacco business - ready-rolled cigarettes. A small team in Durham, North Carolina, hand-rolled the Duke of Durham cigarettes, twisting the ends to seal them.
Two years later Duke saw an opportunity. He began working with a young mechanic called James Bonsack, who said he could mechanise cigarette manufacturing. Duke was convinced that people would want to smoke these neatly-rolled, perfectly symmetrical machine-made cigarettes.
Bonsack's machine revolutionised the cigarette industry.
"It cranked out what was essentially a cigarette of infinite length, cut into the appropriate lengths by whirling shears," says Robert Proctor. The open ends meant it had to be "juiced-up with chemical additives". They added glycerine, sugar and molasses, and chemicals to prevent it from drying out.
Continue reading the main story Women Are Free! (1929) Dr Robert K Jackler of Stanford University Medical School explains how women were persuaded to smoke in the early 20th Century. The industry had a problem. You can't advertise your way into convincing women to smoke - you have to change cultural expectations. A woman smoking on a street corner was a signature of prostitution. A polite woman would never be caught smoking in public. Edward Bernays - who was actually Sigmund Freud's family member - was engaged by the American Tobacco Company to work out a public relations strategy to enable women to smoke. So in the late 1920s, for example, they hired a bunch of young women to march down Fifth Avenue in the Easter Parade, holding their "torches of freedom" - their cigarettes. And this then became a symbol of women's emancipation. You can hear more from Dr Jackler on the BBC World Service programme The Why Factor.
But keeping cigarettes moist was not the only challenge that Bonsack's contraption presented to Duke. While his factory girls typically rolled about 200 cigarettes in a shift, the new machine produced 120,000 cigarettes a day, about a fifth of US consumption at the time.
"The problem was he produced more cigarettes than he could sell," says Goodman. "He had to work out how to capture this market."
The answer was to be found in advertising and marketing. Duke sponsored races, gave his cigarettes out for free at beauty contests and placed ads in the new "glossies" - the first magazines. He also recognised that the inclusion of collectable cigarette cards was as important as getting the product right. In 1889 alone, he spent $800,000 on marketing (about $25m in today's money).
Bonsack retained the patent to his machine, but as thanks for Duke's support in developing it, he offered him a 30% discount on the lease.
This competitive advantage - coupled with vigorous promotion - was key to Duke's early success. As he had suspected, people liked mechanised cigarettes. They were modern-looking and more hygienic - one campaign emphasised this point over cigars, which were manufactured using human hands and saliva.
But although cigarette smoking in the US quadrupled in the 15 years to 1900, it remained a niche market, with most tobacco being chewed or smoked through pipes and cigars.
Duke - a cigar smoker himself - saw the potential for cigarettes to be used in places closed to cigars and pipes, such as drawing rooms and restaurants. The ease with which they could be lit and - unlike pipes - remain lit, also suited them to coffee breaks in modern city life.
"The cigarette was really used in a different way," says Proctor. "And it was milder - and this is one of the great ironies, that cigarettes were widely thought to be safer than cigars, because they are just 'little cigars', right?"
Continue reading the main story Merchants of death? The AK-47 assault rifle - or Kalashnikov - is the world's most popular assault weapon. There are thought to be as many as 100 million AK-47s in circulation globally, but its designer, Mikhail Kalashnikov (left), laments the fact it has become the weapon of choice for the world's guerrilla armies. "It is not the designers who must ultimately take responsibility for where guns end up - it is governments who must control their production and export," he says. J Robert Oppenheimer (centre), along with Enrico Fermi, is often called the "father of the atomic bomb" for his role in the Manhattan Project, the World War II programme that developed the first nuclear weapons. After the war he became a chief adviser to the United States Atomic Energy Commission and lobbied for international control of nuclear power to try to avert nuclear proliferation. Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel patented dynamite and gelignite. In 1888, when a French newspaper accidentally published his obituary, he was shocked to read: "The merchant of death is dead… Dr Alfred Nobel, who became rich by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before, died yesterday." It's thought this may have led him to bequeath $2.69m (£1.7m) when he died in 1896 ($301m £190m in today's money) to establish the Nobel Prizes.
We now know that cigarettes are far more addictive than cigars. The fact that the smoke is inhaled - which it is not traditional for cigars - also makes them more dangerous. But a correlation with lung cancer was not made until the 1930s and the causal link was not established until 1957 in the UK and 1964 in the US.
Continue reading the main story Counting the cost Cigarettes cause about one death per million smoked. A 12m (40ft) container... houses 10 million cigarettes, which means that each container will cause about 10 deaths. A factory such as Hongta's in Yuxi [China] is responsible for generating 25,000 or 30,000 deaths per year from lung cancer. And about twice that number from other diseases. Cigarette makers make about a penny in profit for every cigarette sold, which means that the value of a life to a cigarette maker is about $10,000. Robert N Proctor: The history of the discovery of the cigarette
Cigarettes were in fact promoted as beneficial for health. They were listed in pharmaceutical encyclopaedias until 1906 and prescribed by doctors for coughs, colds and tuberculosis (a disease which the World Health Organization now links with tobacco).
There was an anti-cigarette movement in the early 1900s, but it was more concerned with morality than health. A rise in smoking among women and children fed into a wider concern about the moral decline of society. Cigarettes were prohibited in 16 different US states between 1890 and 1927.
Duke's gaze shifted overseas. In 1902 he formed British American Tobacco with his transatlantic rival, Imperial Tobacco. The packaging and marketing would be tweaked for different consumers but the cigarettes would remain largely the same. More than a decade before the creation of the Model T Ford, Duke had a universal product.
"To him every cigarette was the same," says Goodman. "All of the globalisation that we are now familiar with through McDonald's and Starbucks - all of that was preceded by Duke and the cigarette."
The global reach of cigarettes is still extending today. Although smoking in wealthy parts of the world is in decline, cigarette demand in developing countries is increasing by 3.4% a year, leading to an overall growth in cigarette consumption.
The WHO warns that unless preventative measures are taken, 100 million people will die of tobacco-related diseases over the next 30 years - more than from Aids, tuberculosis, car accidents and suicide combined.
Continue reading the main story Tobacco and the birth of globalisation Buck Duke is said to have marched up to a map of the world and planted a finger on China, saying: "This is where we're going to build our empire!" The man tasked with achieving this was James Thomas. Until the company was asked to leave China in 1952, British American Tobacco's market share did not drop below 50%. Thomas was rewarded with a salary of between $60,000 and $100,000 in 1912 ($1.4m - $2.3m in today's money). Howard Cox of the University of Worcester says Thomas was one of the first Westerners to understand Chinese ways of doing business, based on networking and reciprocal favours. At first, cigarettes were imported from the US, but manufacturing soon shifted to China. For Cox, this transfer of production technology rather than product marks a move from colonial trade towards the current age of globalisation and multinational corporations. Thomas had his own team of salesmen from the US, but he also formed joint ventures with established Chinese firms to distribute his product. This way of doing business is the norm today for international firms hoping to tap into the Chinese market.
But can we blame Buck Duke for any of that? After all, no-one is forced to take up smoking, even if they find it difficult to give up once they have started.
In a recent essay for the journal Tobacco Control, Robert Proctor argues that many people in the tobacco industry all share some responsibility. "We have to realise that adverts can be carcinogens, along with convenience stores and pharmacies that sell cigarettes. The executives who work for cigarette companies cause cancer, as do the artists who design cigarette packs and the PR and advertising firms that manage such accounts," he says.
Successful lawsuits that have been brought against "big tobacco" have tended to argue that tobacco companies knew about the detrimental effects of their products, but did nothing about it. But Buck Duke, who died in 1925, did not.
"I wouldn't want to blame him for cigarette consumption," says his biographer Bob Durden, who is keen to point out Duke's positive character traits. "He was very hard-working. He loved his work."
Those who still find something unsavoury about Duke may wish to consider his good deeds. He gave more than $100m to Trinity College in Durham, North Carolina, which was renamed Duke University in 1924 (in honour of James Buchanan Duke and his father, Washington Duke, another benefactor).
But if it weren't for Buck Duke, would Americans still be chewing tobacco today? Would modern sports bars have spittoons by the door?
Goodman believes that the world was inevitably heading towards mechanised cigarette production. Bonsack's machine wasn't the only prototype, and if Duke hadn't seized the opportunity another businessman would have.
"He was both a hero and a villain I suppose. Buck Duke is a hero in terms of his understanding of the market, his understanding of human psychology, his understanding of pricing, his understanding of advertising. He's not villainous in that sense," says Goodman.
Yet however great Duke's achievements as an architect of mass-production and globalisation, his legend will continue to be eclipsed by his controversial creation.
"He made the world smoke cigarettes," says Goodman. "And it's the cigarette which has been the problem of the 20th Century."
The Why Factor is broadcast on BBC World Service on Fridays at 18:30 GMT. Listen to the smoking episode via iPlayer or The Why Factor download.
Tobacco advertising images courtesy of the collection of Stanford University. Robert Proctor's book Golden Holocaust is published by University of California Press.
Bats roosting in the curled up leaves of tropical plants are able to better hear their companions, a new study suggests. Large tropical leaves were shown to amplify incoming calls from wandering bats searching for their social group. Besides humans, no other animal is known to use horn-shaped structures to boost sound signals used for communication. The research was published on October 16, 2013 in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
Sound is a very effective means for communication and it is widely used in the animal kingdom. However, sound signals can degrade quickly when travelling over long distances. Humans invented the horn to help amplify incoming and outgoing sounds. Now, it appears that Spix's disc-winged bat (Thyroptera tricolor) is also capable of using horn-shaped structures to extend their ability to hear other animals.
Spix's disc-winged bats roost in the curled up leaves of tropical plants. The leaves provide them with shelter from the weather and help to hide them from predators. However, the leaves only stay curled up for a short period of time after emerging. Once the leaves unfold, the bats move on to find other suitable leaves to roost in. With all that moving around, the bats need to be skilled at finding their roost. To do so, a bat that is out hunting for food will emit an inquiry call. When bats in the roost hear the inquiry call, they let out a response call that in effect says “we're over here.”
Scientists from the University of Costa Rica and North Dakota State University wondered if the peculiar shape of the leaves was helping to boost the communication signals used by bats. They recorded the calls of over a hundred bats in Costa Rica and measured the strength of the signals as the sounds traveled into the curled up leaves. Indeed, they found that sounds were much louder inside the leaf by about 5 to 10 decibels. They estimate that this sort of amplification can extend the distance that bats can hear by an additional 15 to 30 meters (about 50 to 100 feet). That's useful if you're a bat flying around the tropical rainforest trying to find your home.
The curled up leaves also amplified the intensity of outgoing response calls, but not to the same extent as the incoming calls.
Gloriana Chaverri, lead author of the study and professor at the University of Costa Rica, explained to Discovery News how the leaves were able to amplify the bat calls. She said:
Leaves appear to amplify incoming calls as sound waves get increasingly compressed when they enter the leaves. Outgoing calls are amplified possibly due to sound directionality: Instead of sound[s] being dispersed over a large area, they are aimed in a specific direction and so retain most of the energy of the original sound.
The research was funded in part by the National Geographic Society and North Dakota State University. Erin Gillam, an assistant professor at North Dakota State University, was a co-author of the paper.
Bottom line: Spix's disc-winged bats that roost in the curled up leaves of tropical plants are able to better hear their companions, a new study suggests. The large tropical leaves were shown to amplify incoming calls from wandering bats searching for their social group. This is the first evidence showing that roosts can play a role in improving acoustic communication among bats. The research was published on October 16, 2013 in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
When flying through the bat cave, be sure to bring a map
Bat-killing fungus continues to spread west through the US
In any event, some sort of resolution is expected over the weekend. The test will come if potential buyers balk at a purchase without the Fed's backing. If that were to happen, federal officials would be left to evaluate what risks a sudden collapse of Lehman might pose to the broader financial system.
The rapid decline of Lehman underscores that investors remain unnerved, with rumors about an institution's problems quickly becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy, as other banks seek to distance themselves to limit their financial exposure.
At this point, Lehman has few options.
Its stock's relentless decline has convinced Richard S. Fuld Jr., Lehman's chief executive, that the time has come to let go.
“He's shell-shocked, but he knows he has to sell,” said one person who recently spoke to Mr. Fuld.
Photo
Lehman, which employs nearly 25,000 people around the world, tried to convince investors on Wednesday that it could survive on its own by selling divisions and spinning off commercial real estate assets, but its stock continued to decline. Any buyer would almost certainly cut thousands of jobs as it absorbed Lehman's operations, which include a valuable money management division.
Bank of America is still trying to integrate its purchase of Countrywide, the giant home mortgage lender, but has long considered buying a New York-based investment bank.
Barclays has long insisted that it planned to build out its own investment banking presence in the United States, but Lehman's price may prove too cheap to resist, people close to the matter said. Spokespeople for Lehman, Barclays and Bank of America all declined to comment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Other bidders could include private equity groups such as Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts & Company, which was already planning to bid for Lehman's investment management division. However, the Federal Reserve is thought to prefer that Lehman be bought by a publicly traded bank with a more stable capital base. Potential suitors for Lehman's investment management division have discussed securing financing for a deal with Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and others, people involved in the process said.
Should Lehman be sold by the weekend, it would complete a slow-burn collapse that began when the credit crisis began to take hold in summer 2007.
Lehman, whose roots date to its founding as an Alabama cotton exchange in the 1850s, got into trouble by expanding aggressively into the financing of real estate, including subprime mortgages.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In 2006, Lehman was the top underwriter of subprime mortgage securities with an 11 percent market share, according to Inside Mortgage Finance.
When the mortgage crisis first flared, many Lehman executives, and others on Wall Street, believed the crisis would be short-lived. Mr. Fuld was characteristically defiant.
“Do we have some stuff on the books that would be tough to get rid of? Yes,” he said last summer. “Is it going to kill us? Of course not.”
Photo
As the year came to a close, Lehman still looked as if it had dodged the bullet. While other many Wall Street firms and commercial banks reported huge write-downs and losses last year, Lehman reported $4.1 billion in profits. The board awarded Mr. Fuld a compensation package of more than $40 million.
To some, however, Lehman's results were ominous. The bank reported gross write-downs of $3.5 billion — $2.2 billion in residential mortgages and $1.3 billion in commercial mortgages. A further deterioration in the market would have left Lehman dangerously exposed. And yet in February, the market still had faith that Lehman was more a winner than a casualty of the credit debacle. Its stock hovered around $66.
But in March, the shock over Bear's rapid unwinding took its toll on Lehman, a powerful Wall Street institution but the smallest player after Bear. The stock went into free fall and the cost of buying protection against the default of its bonds soared.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Lehman went on the offensive, announcing that it would raise equity. Its stock soared 18 percent, but the respite was short-lived, In late May, a well-respected hedge fund manager, David Einhorn, made a case to an auditorium packed with other investors that Lehman was not marking its books accurately.
From mid-May to mid-June, the stock lost almost half its value. In late May, a team of executives led by Thomas Russo flew to Asia to meet with Korean investors. But almost immediately it was clear the Koreans would need more time than Lehman had to offer, and that the two sides were far apart on price.
Management shifted to Plan B, raising money closer to home. One executive, Larry Wieseneck, global head of finance, ended a trip to return and help raise $6 billion from investors including the New Jersey state pension fund.
But the turmoil at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the continued deterioration in the housing market put further pressure on Lehman through the summer as it made the bank's own real estate holdings less valuable.
Analysts began to fear an even larger third-quarter loss for Lehman, which the bank disclosed on Wednesday with its poorly received strategic plan to remain independent.
For Mr. Fuld, the moment of truth came when credit ratings agencies downgraded their assessments this week.
Moody's said that if Lehman did not find a strategic buyer in the “near term,” the agency would downgrade the investment bank, making it difficult for some institutions to do business with the firm. “That's when BlackBerrys started buzzing,” said one Wall Street banker. “It was clear Lehman would have to be sold.”
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- Nearly half of M-6 will close for four months beginning Saturday, July 8, as crumbling concrete on the westernmost four miles is replaced with asphalt.
The Michigan Department of Transportation will be hosting a public meeting next week on the project to share details, detour routes and traffic impacts.
The meeting will be 4 to 6 p.m. Wednesday, June 28, at the Byron Township Hall at 8085 Byron Center Avenue.
In addition to MDOT staff, officials from the road commissions in Kent and Ottawa counties will be present, as well as city of Wyoming officials.
Starting July 8, both the eastbound and westbound lanes of M-6 will close between Interstate 196 and Byron Center Avenue.
The road will remain closed until early November, as 3.8 miles of concrete pavement is torn out between I-196 and Wilson Avenue and repaved with asphalt by Michigan Paving and Materials Company.
Crumbing concrete on M-6 will be replaced with asphalt this summer Concrete on the westernmost portion of M-6 will be re-done with asphalt this summer.
Michigan Paving won the contract with its $8.7 million bid for the work. The road is expected to last 33 years, according to MDOT officials.
During construction, westbound truck traffic on M-6 will be routed north on U.S. 131, through downtown Grand Rapids and then west on I-196.
Similarly, eastbound trucks on I-196 will be routed to southbound U.S. 131 through downtown Grand Rapids and then east on M-6.
Through traffic coming from the east on I-96 will be detoured away from M-6 at the interchange on the east side of Grand Rapids with signs.
The June 28 meeting is the second public meeting MDOT has held on the project. The first was in mid-May at the Jamestown Township hall.
On Friday, May 23 Ontario's Still Waters Distillery announced the planned release of its Stalk & Barrel single malt whisky at the LCBO. This is the first single malt whisky to be distilled, aged and bottled in Ontario. The whisky, available in limited quantities, will be launched at the Summerhill LCBO store on May 31, 2014. The distillers will be on hand from 11:30am until 3:30pm to meet customers, offer samples, and sign bottles. They will also be at the Oakville LCBO on Cornwall Drive on June 7 from 4:00pm to 7:00pm.
Stalk & Barrel single malt whisky was first released last year directly by the distillery and in other markets, but this is the first LCBO release. It has received excellent reviews from critics and consumers alike. It is bottled as a single cask offering in individually numbered bottles. The whisky is made by hand from 100% Canadian two-row malted barley in small batches in a custom built copper pot still. It is bottled with no chill-filtering or artificial colouring.
Distiller and company co-founder, Barry Bernstein, said, “We set out to restore the tradition of small batch craft distilling in Ontario that goes back centuries. We are excited to be releasing Ontario's first craft whisky.” Barry Stein, co-founder and fellow distiller remarked, “We are pleased with the support the LCBO has given to locally produced products that consumers are now seeking”.
Still Waters Distillery is Ontario's first craft distillery. Their focus is on handmade whiskies, and Stalk & Barrel is the first release. A 100% rye whisky will be released in the fall. They also produce an award-winning blended Canadian whisky and an award-winning vodka, and are the recipient of the 2013 Canadian Whisky Awards, “Distillery of the Year”.
Editor's note: This story is part of our series Silicon Sweatshops, an ongoing GlobalPost investigation into the supply chains that make some of your favorite electronic gadgets. In this latest installment, GlobalPost examines the fallout after a factory that supplies Apple and Nokia used the toxic solvent n-hexane in violation of local codes and without proper safety equipment.
BEIJING, China — Just weeks after Apple finally acknowledged their plight, the young Chinese workers made ill in 2009 by toxic chemical exposure at a touch screen supplier factory in eastern China have begun running out of options.
Several workers at Wintek's electronics component factory in Suzhou say they've experienced relapses of their symptoms in recent months, including new incidents of numb hands and feet, along with other continuing problems. In phone interviews on Friday, several said they have tried to return to the hospital for medical care, but doctors won't treat them without assurance that their employer will pay the bills. Thus far, they said, the company hasn't agreed.
Jia Jingchuan, a 27-year-old, is one of the 137 workers who fell ill at the Suzhou-based factory nearly two years ago after exposure to the chemical n-hexane, which the factory deployed on the line, without permission or protective gear, to produce touch screens for Apple products. Unlike most of the other sickened workers, Jia hasn't left his job, staying on the factory line in the hope that his employer will pay for his recurring medical problems.
“Every day my hands and feet sweat a lot, even when it's very cold,” Jia said, describing his physical state. “I still get headaches all the time and have no strength. When I walk I feel so exhausted.”
“At night, my legs cramp up so badly it wakes me up,” he added. “Last October, that only happened every two or three days, but now it's every night and I hardly get any sleep.”
The new complaints contrast with what Apple said in its report on the matter: “Apple has verified that all affected workers have been treated successfully, and we continue to monitor their medical reports until full recuperation.”
The medical maladies of Jia and scores of others began when their employer, a factory owned by Taiwan's Wintek, swapped basic rubbing alcohol with the more dangerous toxin n-hexane in the final cleaning process of touch screens to shave off a few seconds off production time. N-hexane is a known toxin and prolonged, high-level exposure can cause nerve damage and a long list of medical problems. The symptoms abate after the exposure is removed, but relapses can occur, according to medical documentation.
Dozens of workers were treated in Suzhou, some hospitalized for months after the initial exposure. But then many of the younger workers returned home to far-flung villages and families, leaving behind the chance of further compensation. Jia and Guo, older than most of their peers, stayed on. Now they're feeling ill again can't afford to pay for treatment.
Neither Apple nor Wintek could be reached for comment on the situation. Apple, under fire for a spate of suicides at another supplier factory elsewhere in China, was silent on the n-hexane cases last year when Global Post first reported on sick workers in Suzhou. Last month, in the company's annual Supplier Responsibility Report, Apple acknowledged that workers had been made ill.
Guo Ruiqiang, 31, said he had tests and some outpatient treatment from the local hospital initially, but was refused further treatment on Thursday. Guo said his symptoms have come back and he's desperate for some kind of medical care.
“The tips of three fingers on my left hand are numb, my wrist is in pain, while my knee and leg are sore and painful,” Guo said. “On the right side of my body, I've got similar symptoms, only a bit better than a few months ago.”
“When I walk I don't have enough strength, it looks like I am dragging my feet,” said Guo. “It's like I'm hobbled and my body can't stay straight.”
Guo, Jia and other workers have written directly to Apple's Steve Jobs asking for a public apology and assistance with their medical treatment. As yet, they've been met with silence.
The Hong Kong-based Students & Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior has called on Wintek and Apple to step in and rectify the situation. The group said in a statement that Apple should ensure Wintek and its local subsidiary provide medical treatment for the workers it poisoned, and better salaries across the board, even if that means higher prices on Apple's popular gadgets.
The group's Debby Chan said SACOM's investigation into factory conditions in Suzhou showed that while n-hexane has been taken from the equation, workers continue to be exposed to harmful chemicals on the job without proper protective gear. For the workers, paying medical expenses themselves simply isn't possible. Jia said his 10 months in the hospital cost 250,000 yuan ($38,000). He earns $275 a month at the factory.
“My family can't afford to pay for medical treatment and I don't earn enough money. How much money does a family of farmers have?” he said. “It is not fair to make my family responsible for this; they are innocent.”
It will be something of a surprise if Thomas Mulcair intends to stay on indefinitely as leader of the New Democrats, and if his party — dragged too starboard to great effect under former leader Jack Layton and now pondering the effective limits of that move — consents. John Turner is the last federal party leader to survive losing as many or more seats as the NDP lost on Oct. 20. I think disinterested Canadians should hope Mulcair sticks around, though. He was never more praised than for his performance in Question Period, and the platform the Liberals bring to Ottawa is going to produce a few queries here and there.
They have, after all, pledged to “save home mail delivery”; to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees by year's end; to modify anti-terror laws in a way that satisfies civil libertarians and to implement more robust national security oversight; to ditch the F-35s and find cheaper fighter jets somewhere; to legalize and regulate marijuana; to table electoral reform legislation within 18 months; to restore the retirement age to 65; to comprehensively reform access-to-information procedures; to appoint an advertising commissioner to decide whether government ads are partisan; to “establish an independent commission to organize leaders' debates”; to reform Senate and Supreme Court appointments; to allow MPs free votes on everything except platform items, “traditional confidence matters” and matters pertaining to “our shared values and the protections guaranteed by the Charter”; to alter the House of Commons' standing orders to prohibit mammoth omnibus bills; to empower and enrich the Parliamentary Budget Office and to extend its purview to parties' election platforms; to make government accounting “consistent and clear”; to restore the mandatory long-form census; to establish “a pan-Canadian framework for combating climate change” within 90 days of the Paris conference; to “renew Canada's commitment to peacekeeping operations”; and to “enact the recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission,” which at the federal level means calling an inquiry into missing and murdered women, adopting and implementing the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, “eliminating the overrepresentation of aboriginal people in custody over the next decade,” closing the aboriginal educational achievement gap in a single generation, building a Residential Schools National Monument in Ottawa, “restoring and increasing” funding for CBC, statutorily exempting criminals suffering from fetal alcohol syndrome from all mandatory minimum sentences, having new citizens swear observance to treaties with indigenous peoples and outlawing spanking.
And there's plenty more where that came from.
It's difficult to know what to expect. Watching prime minister-designate Justin Trudeau bear-hug Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, having borrowed much of her election strategy, one might reasonably suspect they'll spend freely from what Wynne calls the “activist centre” — and one might reasonably fear the economic results. Watching Trudeau campaign with the likes of former prime ministers Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin, one might reasonably suspect a post-election lurch to the right — and one might fear disappointment. Of course many Canadians suspect the Liberals, having gained power, to do nothing except undertake to keep it, platforms be damned. In some ways that would be more difficult for Trudeau than leaders before him, lumbered as he is with that platform and so many other projected hopes as well. (Looser ID requirements to vote! Clean drinking water on every First Nation in a trice!) In other ways it would be easier, because, well, he's Justin Trudeau. People seem to want to like him.
Trudeau proved an effective prosecutor of the Conservative record. It will be very interesting to see how adept he is at explaining and defending himself when the Liberals fall short of expectations — which they will no matter how admirably they try to fulfil them. (Trudeau will have to answer for his record directly and frequently, having promised a new Westminster-style Prime Minister's Question Period.)
If Trudeau and his gang are as ambitious as their word, they will need to be questioned on the gazillions of details — and on the unpleasant matter of the bill. If they are not as ambitious as their word, as many New Democrats suspect, they will need to be held to account. Mulcair wouldn't just be excellent at it, inside and outside the House; he might be licking his chops.
Left-wing New Democrats want Mulcair gone, needless to say. Either they don't care about being in power or they believe Canada will soon be ready for a Corbynite revolution. Centrist New Democrats console themselves with the narrative that the Liberals won mostly because the Liberals were winning. The anyone-but-Harper vote coalesced around the party seemingly best positioned to install anyone but Stephen Harper in the Prime Minister's Office. It could have been them, but it wasn't.
If they want it to be them next time, and if Trudeau is the faux-progressive charlatan they think he is, it's tough to think of anyone better qualified to show him up than the leader they have now.
National Post
cselley@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/cselley
On September 23rd, 2015, then minister for justice Frances Fitzgerald said the State was “fully committed to playing our part in addressing the migration crisis facing Europe”.
Ms Fitzgerald said the government would ensure all people arriving from Greece, Italy and other refugee camps were provided with “appropriate support” and that Ireland would respond “comprehensively” to the “critical humanitarian challenge” unfolding across Europe.
Her comments came two weeks after the government agreed to accept up to 4,000 people from Lebanon as well as European ports of entry in Greece and Italy under EU resettlement and relocation programmes. The new scheme would run for two years, until 2017, and priority was to be given to unaccompanied minors.
Meanwhile, at the far end of Europe, more than a million men, women and children were arriving on the sun-soaked shores of the Greek islands of Lesvos, Chios, Samos and Kos, after risking their lives crossing the Aegean Sea. Hundreds of thousands of these – mainly Syrians and Iraqis – continued their odyssey on foot, embarking on an equally hazardous journey across mainland Europe, prompting images reminiscent of the millions displaced by the second World War.
In December 2015 Angela Merkel described the migration crisis as a “historic test” for the European Union. Earlier that year the German chancellor opened her nation's borders to almost 900,000 asylum seekers.
Pledge a bed
In Ireland, as ministers dithered about where to house the incoming asylum seekers, the Irish public took matters into their own hands. The advocacy group Uplift set up a website calling on people to “pledge a bed” for the new arrivals, resulting in more than 800 offers of accommodation.
The Irish Red Cross was given the role of vetting the offers and spent the following year sifting through pledges of accommodation, goods and services across Ireland. In May 2016 Irish Red Cross chief executive Liam O'Dwyer told The Irish Times that in most cases “people are ready and the accommodation is there”. However, it would take months before the first handful of refugees began moving into Irish homes in 2017.
Progress in resettling people from Greece was slow, with the trickle of arrivals picking up some momentum in early 2017. Since February, 15 flights carrying 591 asylum seekers have landed in Ireland under the State's Irish Refugee Protection Programme. No asylum seekers have arrived from Italy; the Department of Justice has blamed the “refusal of Italy to allow security screenings” for the delay.
Emergency reception and orientation centres opened to provide temporary accommodation for the new arrivals. Initial arrivals were sent to the Hazel Hotel in Monasterevin, Co Kildare, and Clonea Strand Hotel in Dungarvan, Co Waterford, while those who came in early 2017 were sent to the Abbeyfield hotel in Ballaghaderreen, Co Roscommon. Others had to stay in direct provision centres such as Mosney in Co Meath.
Counselling needs
Irish refugee support groups warned that many of these asylum seekers, particularly women and young girls, would require counselling and additional healthcare resources, having endured treacherous journeys and suffered sexual and physical violence.
The Irish target of welcoming 4,000 people may have seemed unambitious considering Germany's commitment to welcome nearly a million, but Irish programmes nonetheless got off to a sluggish start, with just over 300 places allocated midway through 2016.
This was largely due to processing difficulties at EU level and, following on from initial complications, the intake ramped up over the latter half of 2017, with more than 2,000 new arrivals expected to be in situ by early 2018.
Of the almost 1,200 refugees listed as having been housed in the community by the end of this year, just 15 will have found homes in Dublin, with the rest dispersed around the country. This compares with 140 slated for Sligo, 113 in Mayo and 109 in Cork.
Despite the hundreds of pledges of assistance from members of the public to provide rooms, beds and apartments, a ministerial briefing paper published by the Department of Justice in June identified the inability to find suitable accommodation for those moving out of reception centres as an emerging issue.
Still, the Government is keen to ratchet up the rate of community housing placements for those leaving the centres, with 300 relocated refugees destined for Kildare in 2018, 190 for Wicklow, 180 for Meath and allocations for other counties, too, as the State readies itself for an intake of 2,500 extra arrivals over the coming months and years.
The Department of Justice did not respond to a request for comment from The Irish Times.
